Iznasen

The Iznassen (Berber: ⴰⵜ ⵉⵣⵏⴰⵙⵙⵏ) or At Iznassen or Beni Znassen or Beni-Snassen (Singular : Aznass) is a great historical confederation of Berber zenati tribes originating from the north-east Morocco, in the provinces of Oujda, Berkane and Taourirt; the largest one in Eastern Morocco.

The Iznassen are Berber but Arabized, that is to say that they are of Berber origin but speak mainly only Arabic. They nevertheless include a minority of Arab fractions.

The Iznassen are divided into 4 Berber tribes :


Iznassen in the Berber Zenati language is the plural of “Aznass” which is made of “Azn” meaning “Send” and “Ass” meaning “The Day”. Iznassen literally means "Those who send (during) the Day".

The 4 Berber tribes

The east of Morocco has many different languages. Beni Iznasen has both Arabic-speaking and Berber-speaking political groups. Bilingualism sometimes occurs, mainly in the older generations. The younger generations usually only speak Arabic.

The Arabic dialect of eastern Morocco is the so-called Hilali dialect. It is similar to the dialects of Marrakech and Casablanca. It is different to the urban (pre-Hilali) dialects of Fes and the north of Morocco. This Arabic dialect also is similar to the dialect of western Algeria (Tlemcen), which borders the Beni Iznasen area.

Those who speak the most Berber are the older generations of the Ait Iznassen people. The Berber dialect of eastern Morocco is almost similair to East Riffian and the Berber of Beni Snous tribe near Tlemcen in Algeria.

Since the Berber language was made an official language of Morocco in 2011, schools are now teaching the language to new generations. 

Personalities who are born or originally from the Beni Snassen region. 

Hicham El Guerrouj - Olympian, World Record Fastest Mile 

Hakim Ziyech - Footballer Chelsea, 2022 World Cup Morocco Team 

Lahssen Akhmiss - Footballer 

Abdelkader El Brazi - Footballer 

Mohammed Berrabeh - Footballer 

Ahmed Talbi - Footballer 

Abdelkader Wahabi - Boxer 

Abbas Al Fassi - Prime Minister (2007), Minister of Housing (1977-1981), Minister of Handicraft and Social Affairs (1981-1985), Ambassador to Tunisia (1985-1990), Ambassador to France (1990-1994). 

Mbarek Bekai - First Prime Minister of Morocco (1955-1958) 

Anis Birou - Secretary of State (2007-2012) 

Abdeladim El Guerrouj - Minister Deleguate for Public Services 

Fouzi Lekja - President of the Royal Moroccan Football Federation, Businessman.

Mohammed Hamdi - Dutch Sports CEO - ADO Den Haag - International Director Feyenoord Rotterdam

National Museum, New Delhi

The National Museum in New Delhi, also known as the National Museum of India, is one of the largest museums in India.

Janeshwar Mishra Park

Janeshwar Mishra Park is an urban park in Lucknow, India. The largest public park in the country.
The park boasts the following features:

Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Delhi)

Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium is a sports stadium located in New Delhi, India. The stadium was substantially renovated and modernised for the 2010 Commonwealth Games, hosting all the track and field events and opening and closing ceremonies. The cost of the renovation was around US$150 million, making it as the most expensive stadium ever built in India and Southern Asia.

India Gate

The India Gate (formerly known as the All India War Memorial) is a war memorial located astride the Rajpath, on the eastern edge of the "ceremonial axis" of New Delhi, India, formerly called Kingsway.

Following the so-called Bangladesh Liberation War in 1972, a structure consisting of a black marble plinth with a reversed rifle, capped by a war helmet and bounded by four eternal flames, was built beneath the archway. 

Gandhi Smriti

The Gandhi Smriti (formerly known as Birla House or Birla Bhavan) is a museum dedicated to Mahatma Gandhi. It is considered as the ""National memorial of India"" respectively. 

Ajmer Sharif Dargah

Ajmer Sharif Dargah, Ajmer Dargah, Ajmer Sharif or Dargah Sharif is a Sufi shrine ("dargah") of the revered Sufi saint, Moinuddin Chishti, located at Ajmer, Rajasthan, India. The shrine has Chishti's grave (Maqbara).
In the present day, the tomb of Moinuiddin Chishti continues to be one of the most popular sites of religious visitation for Sunni Muslims in the Indian subcontinent, with over "hundreds of thousands of people from all over the Indian sub-continent assembling there on the occasion of [the saint's] "ʿUrs" or death anniversary." Additionally, the site also attracts many Hindus, who have also venerated the Islamic saint since the medieval period.
The Bihisti Darwaza is made of silver and it is washed with rose water by pilgrims in the afternoon. It is believed that touching it guarantees one a place in Heaven. It is also believed that roses offered to the dargah during the festival are sourced from Pushkar, a site deemed holy for Hindus.

Veena

The Veena, also spelled Vina, comprises a family of chordophone instruments from the Indian subcontinent.

Indian Spitz

The Indian Spitz is a spitz-type dog breed. It is considered as one of the ""National pets of India"". 

Scottish National Gallery

The Scottish National Gallery (formerly the National Gallery of Scotland) is the national art gallery of Scotland. 

It is on The Mound in central Edinburgh, close to Princes Street. The building was designed in a neoclassical style by William Playfair, and first opened to the public in 1859.

The gallery houses Scotland's national collection of fine art, ahowing Scottish and international art from the beginning of the Renaissance to the start of the 20th century.

The Scottish National Gallery is run by the National Galleries of Scotland. This public body also owns the Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art and the Scottish National Portrait Gallery. These museums are also in Edinburgh.

Ulrich von Hutten

Ulrich von Hutten was a German knight, poet and satirist. He was also a Protestant reformer. His most popular work is considered to be "Letters of Obscure Man."

Sebastian Brant

Sebastian Brant (or Brandt) (1458 – 10 May 1521) was a German humanist and satirist. He was also professor of jurisprudence in University of Basel. His moral satire "Das Narrenschiff" ("Ship of Fools") published in 1494 made him popular German humanist.

From Hell to Hell

From Hell to Hell (; ) is a 1997 Belarusian German Russian drama movie directed by Dmitry Astrakhan about the Kielce pogrom and starring Valeria Valeeva, Anja Kling, Gennadi Svir, Alla Kliouka, Gennady Nazarov, Vladimir Kabalin, Ya'ackov Bodo. It was distributed by Belarusfilm.

Skórcz

Skórcz () is a town in Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland. In 2006, 3,512 people lived there.

Giżycko

Giżycko (former or "Łuczany"; ) is a town in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2016, 29,642 people lived there.

Leatherhead

Leatherhead is a town in Surrey, England, on the right bank of the River Mole, and at the edge of the contiguous built-up area of London. Its local district is Mole Valley. Records exist of the place from Anglo Saxon England. It has a combined theatre and cinema, which is at the centre of the re-modelling following late 20th century pedestrianisation.

Kwidzyn

Kwidzyn () is a town in Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2018, 38,553 people lived there.

Ostróda

Ostróda () is a town in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2017, 33,216 people lived there.

Google Sites

Google Sites is a structured wiki and webpage creator offered by Google as part of Google Apps. You don't need to pay for anything but not the domain. It was launched on February 28, 2008. It replaces Google Page Creator, Google's previous webpage creation service. It is easy to use, and provides quick and easy to access editing tools, such as basic editing tools, HTML insertion modules, formatting options, built in tables and layout customization settings.

Ełk

Ełk (former ; ) is a town in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2020, 62,125 people lived there.

Ełk is the capital of Ełk County.

Garam masala

Garam masala (); from "garam" ("hot") and "masala" (a mixture of spices) is a blend of ground spices, originating from South Asia, common in Indian, Pakistani, Nepalese, Bangladeshi, and Afghan cuisines. It is used alone or with other seasonings.


Roisel

Roisel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rollot

Rollot is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Perloz

Perloz is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Pollein

Pollein is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Rouvrel

Rouvrel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rouvroy-en-Santerre

Rouvroy-en-Santerre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pont-Saint-Martin, Aosta Valley

Pont-Saint-Martin is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Pont-Saint-Martin

Pont-Saint-Martin is the name of two places in Europe:

It may also refer to the Roman bridge: Pont-Saint-Martin (Bridge)

Pont-l'Évêque

Pont-l'Évêque is the name of two communes in France:


Pont-l'Évêque, Oise

Pont-l'Évêque is a commune. It is in the Oise department in northern France.

Gümüşhane

Gümüşhane is a city in northern Turkey. The city is in the East Black Sea Region. In 2020, 141,702 people lived there.

Düzce

Düzce is a city in northwestern Turkey. The city is in the East Marmara Region. In 2020, 249,695 people lived there.

Hakkâri (city)

Hakkâri is a city in southeastern Turkey. The city is in the Central Anatolia Region. In 2020, 78,516 people lived there. 

Giresun

Giresun is a city in northeastern Turkey. The city is in the East Black Sea Region. In 2020, 448,721 people lived there.

Adapazarı

Adapazarı is a city in Sakarya Province, northwestern Turkey. The city is in the Marmara Region. In 2020, 412,994 people lived there.

They Came to Conquer... Uranus

"They came to conquer... Uranus" is an 7<nowiki>"</nowiki> record by American rock band Blink-182 released in 1996 on Cargo Music and was pressed on clear green, clear yellow, clear blue, and black vinyl. Only 300 were pressed and hand numbered in 1996. 

They have since been repressed multiple times on various colors such as black, different shades of blue, green, aqua, gold, yellow, red, and pink.

Each band member was given a nickname.


New Nicknames for the band members are found on the back cover of the EP


Isparta

Isparta is a city in western Turkey. The city is in the Mediterranean Region. In 2020, 262,255 people lived there.

Baby(a)lone

Baby(a)lone is a 2015 Luxembourgian Belgian drama movie directed by Donato Rotunno and starring Joshua Defays, Charlotte Elsen, Etienne Halsdorf, Gintare Parulyte, Fabienne Elaine Hollwege.


Jack Ingram (racing driver)

Jack Ingram (December 28, 1936 – June 25, 2021) was an American NASCAR Busch Series race car driver. He was nicknamed the "Iron Man" during eight seasons in the Busch Series. He won 31 races and 5 poles, as well as the 1982 and 1985 championships. He was born in Asheville, North Carolina.

In 2007, Ingram was added into the International Motorsports Hall of Fame. In 2013, Ingram was nominated into the NASCAR Hall of Fame, and was added the following year.

Ingram died on June 25, 2021 at the age of 84.

Stephen Dunn

Stephen Elliot Dunn (June 24, 1939June 24, 2021) was an American poet and educator. He wrote fifteen collections of poetry. He won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry for his 2001 collection, "Different Hours" and received an Academy Award in Literature from the American Academy of Arts and Letters. 

Dunn died on his 82nd birthday at his Frostburg, Maryland home on June 24, 2021 from problems caused by Parkinson's disease.




Tuple names

Here are some words for tuple names.

Boana crepitans

The emerald-eyed tree frog or rattle-voiced tree frog ("Boana crepitans") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Delcambre, Louisiana

Delcambre is a town in Iberia and Vermilion parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

P-Kara

P-Kara is a rhythm game, developed and published by SCEI. It was released in Japan on December 14, 2006.

"P-Kara" is a music & rhythm game.


Denizli

Denizli is a city in southwestern Turkey. The city is in the Aegean Region. In 2020, 1,040,915 people lived there.

Mardin

Mardin is a city in southeastern Turkey. The city is in the . In 2020, 139,254 people lived there.

Mardin Artuklu University is in the city.

Carpi

Carpi is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. It has about 71,000 inhabitants.

Bagni di Lucca

Bagni di Lucca is a "comune" in the Province of Lucca in the Italian region of Tuscany.

Rouy-le-Grand

Rouy-le-Grand is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rouy-le-Petit

Rouy-le-Petit is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Back in Trouble

Back in Trouble is a 1997 Luxembourgian German action comedy movie directed by Andy Bausch and is the sequel to the 1988 movie "Troublemaker". It stars Thierry van Werveke, Ender Frings, Oscar Ortega Sánchez, Nicole Max, Dietmar Schönherr, Sascha Ley, Fatih Akin.

Flag of Rhodesia

The flag of Rhodesia (Zimbabwe) was adopted in 1968 and the design is a green-white-green vertical tricolour similar to the flag of Nigeria with the coat of arms of Rhodesia in the middle.

It was adopted in 1968 to replace the sky blue ensign used by Southern Rhodesia (1964–1965) and Rhodesia (1965–1968).

In 1979, Rhodesia changed its name to Zimbabwe Rhodesia and adopted a new flag before being under British rule from 1979-1980 which resulted Zimbabwe being de jure independent in 1980.


Hua Chunying

Hua Chunying (), is a Chinese diplomat, the spokesperson of China, and the director of the Foreign Ministry Information Department of China. She is the fifth spokeswoman and 27th spokesperson since the position was established in the ministry in 1983.

Burmeister's tree frog

The emerald-eyed tree frog or rattle-voiced tree frog ("Boana prasina") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Boana jaguariaivensis

Boana jaguariaivensis is a frog. Scientists have only seen it in one place, in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 23.9–28.8 mm long from nose to rear end. Each frog has two light brown stripes on its back, from its nose to its rear end and dark brown stripes closer to the middle of the body. There is also a white stripe on each side of the body.

Deepfrozen

Deepfrozen is a 2006 Luxembourgian Swiss Austrian comedy movie directed by Andy Bausch and starring Peter Lohmeyer, Lale Yavaş, Thierry van Werveke, Ingrid Caven.

Viva Belarus!

Viva Belarus! (; ) is a 2012 Belarusian Polish drama movie directed by Krzysztof Łukaszewicz and starring Dzmitry Papko, Karolina Gruszka, Anatoliy Kot, Aliaksandr Malchanau, Dzianis Tarasenka, Paval Kryksunou, Maksim Karzycki, Vadim Afanassiev, Lech Łotocki.

Women (1997 movie)

Women () is a 1997 Luxembourgian romantic drama movie directed by Luís Galvão Teles and starring Miou-Miou, Carmen Maura, Marthe Keller, Marisa Berenson, Guesch Patti, Joaquim de Almeida, Didier Flamand.

Bangladesh National Museum

The Bangladesh National Museum, is the national museum of Bangladesh. Bangladesh National Museum was formed through the incorporation of Dhaka museum and it was made the national museum of Bangladesh on 17 November 1983. It is located at Shahbag, Dhaka. The museum is well organized and displays have been housed chronologically in several departments like department of ethnography and decorative art, department of history and classical art, department of natural history, and department of contemporary and world civilization. 

National Library of Bangladesh

The National Library of Bangladesh (NLB) is the legal depository of all new books and other printed materials published in Bangladesh under the copyright law of Bangladesh. It was founded in 1973, but it traces its origins back to 1967. After the Partition of the Subcontinent in 1947, the federal government of Pakistan established the "National Library of Pakistan" in Karachi in 1962 and a provincial book deposit branch of the "Pakistan National Library" in Dhaka in 1967. After the secession war of the nation, it was keenly felt by all quarters that a national library is indispensable for the new-born nation.

Caramel (movie)

Caramel () is a 1996 Lebanese French comedy-drama movie directed by first time director Nadine Labaki (who also stars) and starring Adel Karam, Yasmine Al Massri, Joanna Moukarzel, Gisèle Aouad, Sihame Haddad, Aziza Semaan.


Mausoleum of three leaders

The Mausoleum of Three Leaders, also known as the (Suhrawardy Udyan National Memorial), located at Shahbag, Dacca in the former erstwhile East Pakistan province, contains the graves of three prominent leaders of Pakistan Movement from Bengal: All three men served as the Prime Minister of Bengal in British India and after Independence two of them also served as Prime Minister of Pakistan. Even with all these achievements, it was rumoured that these three political leaders had a rivalry with each other in terms of success. However, despite their rivalry, three of the political leaders were buried under the same roof of the mausoleum of the three leaders. The style of architecture of the monuments is an interpretation of Islamic Arcs. The Mausoleum of three leaders consists of a hyperbolic paraboloid structure that is erected over the three graves of the three political leaders.

Virgil Abloh

Virgil Abloh (September 30, 1980 – November 28, 2021) was an American designer and businessman. Abloh was also the chief executive officer of the Milan-based label Off-White, a fashion house he founded in 2013.

Abloh died of cancer on November 28, 2021 in Chicago, Illinois at the age of 41.

Dacca Stadium

Dacca Stadium, also known as Dhaka Stadium, and now known as Bangabandhu Stadium, was the former provincial and regional stadium within the former federal structure of pre-1971 United Pakistan and today is a multipurpose sports arena in Dhaka, Bangladesh.

Marianne North

Marianne North (24 October 1830 – 30 August 1890) was a biologist from Victorian England. She also painted many plants, and several are named after her.

Brian Bamford

Brian J. Bamford (18 December 1935 – 25 June 2021) was an English professional golfer. He won the Schweppes PGA Close Championship in 1961. 

He was the father of Sue Bamford, a professional golfer who, in 1977, reached the final of the Girls Amateur Championship, losing to Wilma Aitken.

Kofi Ansah

Kofi Ansah was a Ghanaian fashion designer.

Adwoa Aboah

Adwoa Caitlin Maria Aboah (born 18 May 1992) is a British fashion model.

Lahore Stadium

Lahore Stadium is a cricket stadium in Lahore, Pakistan and the home ground of Lahore Qalandars. It is owned by the Pakistan Cricket Board. With a capacity of 27,000, it is the fourth largest cricket stadium of Pakistan.

Nihari

Nihari () is a stew from India, mostly consumed by the Muslim of North India of the North India region. consisting of slow-cooked meat, mainly shank meat of beef or lamb and mutton, goat meat and chicken, along with bone marrow. It is flavored with long pepper (pippali), a relative of black pepper. It is considered as the ""National Dish of Pakistan"" respectively. Medically, "Nihari" is also used as a home remedy for fever, rhinorrhea and the common cold.

Nihari comes from the Arabic nahaar (), meaning "morning". It was originally eaten by Nawabs in the Mughal Empire as a breakfast item after their Islamic morning prayer of Fajr. 

Nihari is a traditional dish of Muslims of Delhi, Bhopal and Lucknow. After the Partition of British India and creation of Pakistan in 1947, many Urdu speaking Muslims from northern India migrated to Karachi and established restaurants. In Karachi, Nihari became a roaring success and soon was found all over Pakistan. Now Nihari is available in Pakistani restaurants around the world. A particular favorite is nalli nihari, which is made with marrow added to nihari, and makes the stew very rich. In some restaurants, a few kilos from each day's leftover Nihari is added to the next day's pot. This re-used portion of Nihari is called "taar" and is believed to provide the unique flavour. Some Nihari outlets in old Delhi boast of an unbroken taar going back more than a century.

Quaid-e-Azam House

The Quaid-e-Azam House, also known as Flagstaff House, is a museum dedicated to the personal life of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the Founder of Pakistan. Located in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. The former home of Jinnah, who lived there from 1944 until his death in 1948. His sister, Fatima Jinnah lived there until 1964.

The building was later acquired in 1985 by the Pakistani government and conserved as a museum.

In 1984, it was converted into the Flagstaff House Museum of Jinnah.

Quaid-e-Azam Residency

Quaid-e-Azam Residency (), also known as Ziarat Residency, is located in Ziarat, Balochistan, Pakistan. It is where Quaid-e-Azam, Muhammad Ali Jinnah spent the last two months and ten days of his life.

Tomb of Allama Iqbal

The Tomb of Allama Muhammad Iqbal, or Mazaar-e-Iqbal () is a mausoleum located within the Hazuri Bagh of the Courtyard of the Badshahi Mosque, in the Pakistani city of Lahore, capital of Punjab province. It is said that Mustafa Kemal Atatürk sent earth collected from Maulana Rumi's tomb to be sprinkled on this grave

The architecture has a combination of styles however it reflects mainly the Islamic Mughal style. Six couplets of a ghazal are carved from Iqbal's poetical work "Zabur-e-Ajam" (Persian Psalms) on the mausoleum's interior surfaces. Outside, there is a small garden, distributed into small plots. The mausoleum was designed by Hyderabad Deccan's then Chief Architect, "Nawab Zain Yar Jang Bahadur" and took thirteen years to build at a cost of about one hundred thousand (Rs. 100,000) Pakistani rupees. The major reason for delay was the stoppage of red-stone from Jaipur in post-Independent India.

Islamic summit minar

The Islamic Summit Minar is an obelisk-shaped structure built in the city of Lahore, Punjab the province of Pakistan. It was built to commemorate the second Islamic Summit Conference held in Lahore in 1974. To which Pakistan, formerly West Pakistan had agreed to under duress and pressure to accept and formally recognize the former erstwhile wing of East Pakistan province, now Bangladesh respectively. 

Rubempré

Rubempré is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rubescourt

Rubescourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Rumigny, Somme

Rumigny is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saigneville

Saigneville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Shrine of Baba Farid

The Shrine of Baba Farid (Punjabi and ) is a 13th-century Muslim shrine and one of Pakistan's most important Sufi and Islamic shrines, which is dedicated to the Sufi mystic Fariduddin Ganjshakar, popularly known as Baba Farid and is also considered as the ""National Islamic Saint of Pakistan"" respectively.

The Shrine of Baba Farid was built in the town that was known in medieval times as "Ajodhan", the old town's importance was eclipsed by that of the shrine, as evidenced by its renaming to "Pakpattan," meaning "Pure Ferry" - referencing a river crossing made by pilgrims to the shrine. The shrine was central to a process that resulted in the conversion of local Jat tribes to Islam over the course of several centuries.

In keeping with Sufic tradition in Punjab, the shrine maintains influence over smaller shrines throughout the region around Pakpattan that are dedicated to specific events in Baba Farid's life. The secondary shrines form a "wilayat", or a "spiritual territory" of the shrine, with Pakpattan serving as the capital of Baba Farid's spiritual territory, or "wilayat". The shrine and its "wilayat" also bound local tribes together with a collective identity based on reverence for the shrine.

The shrine is administered by the Auqaf Department. The shrine is open 24 hours a day for visitors, every day of the year.

Gifts and donations to the shrine are redistributed to other devotees in a practice that follows Baba Farid's example. Baba Farid's shrine became a centre of wealth redistribution throughout western Punjab. The shrine maintains a "langar", or canteen, which serves free meals to the poor.

Pakistan Monument

The Pakistan Monument () is a national monument and heritage museum located on the western Shakarparian Hills in Islamabad, Pakistan. The monument was constructed to symbolize the unity of the Pakistani people. It is dedicated to the people of Pakistan who sacrificed their "today" for a better "tomorrow". Its elevation makes the monument visible from across the Islamabad-Rawalpindi metropolitan area and is a popular tourist destination.

Teen Talwar

The Teen Talwar (Three Swords) monument is located in Clifton, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. The three marble swords are inscribed with Quaid-e-Azam Mohammad Ali Jinnah's creeds "Unity, Faith and Discipline". It was commissioned by Pakistan's former President and Prime Minister, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto in 1973. Therefore it is considered as the "“National Icon of Pakistan”".

The initial concept was for the three swords to be shown in the PPP's electoral colours (black, green and red). Later, the idea was changed to white marble.

Madhabpur Lake

Madhabpur Lake (Bengali:মাধবপুর হ্রদ) is a lake in Kamalganj Upazila, Moulvibazar District, of the Sylhet Division in Bangladesh. It is a natural lake inside the Madhabpur tea estate, and is considered as such of being the ""National Lake of Bangladesh"" respectively.

It is home to the Great white-bellied heron, the only confirmed site in Bangladesh.

Pakistani Shepherd Dog

Bhagyari Dogs or Pakistani Shepherd Dogs is a rare breed of dog primarily found in North Punjab. Bhagyaris could be found in the wild in the region of Pothowar up to Kashmir regions. Bhagyaris near the region of Murree are furry compared to the dogs found in plains of Punjab due to temperature adaptation over time. This type is a herding dog from Pakistan, with a long history alongside humans. The word “Bhagyari” Its names, comes from the root word of the Punjabi language "Bhagyaar," which means "wolf." "Kutta" means "dog." within the Punjabi language, comes from the breeds obvious resemblance with the Asian wolves. People say this breed was born out of a combination of a wolf and a domestic dog, a very long time ago. It is also called the Pakistani Shepherd Dog, due to the area where it can usually be found in. There are different theories on the origin of the Bhagayari Kutta. According to the most popular theory, the Pakistani Shepherd Dog originated between a wolf and a domestic dog of some type, hence the name Pakistani Shepherd Dog (meaning “wolf dog”). If you have ever seen an Asian Wolf, you will see that the Pakistani Shepherd Dog really resembles that type of wolf.

Pakistani Shepherd Dogs are very strong and muscular dogs. They have a rounded forehead and dark, almond-shaped eyes. Their lips are black and their nose is mostly black. Their feet have very hard soles. Adult Pakistani Shepherd Dogs have erect ears. The coat of the Pakistani Shepherd Dog is usually black and tan, but can be gold, and some can come in white, which is rare but does occur. The colours vary from region to region. They are very keen and love to herd animals, sometimes even little kids and their owners. They are dedicated to their work, courageous, fearless and alert. Very protective of their property, owners and sheep, they can be trained easily because they love to learn new things. Pakistani Shepherd Dogs are very loyal toward their work and handler, loving their family. They obey their owner’s every command. The Pakistani Shepherd Dog has a loving nature and is very playful with children, enjoying playing games. This breed is bred to work, and can't sit idle all the time. Being able to work is their passion. The Pakistani Shepherd Dog loves strenuous activity, preferably combined with training of some kind, for these dogs are very intelligent and crave a good challenge. When not being worked they need to be taken on a daily, brisk, long walk, jog or run alongside you when you bicycle. While out on the walk the dog must be made to heel beside or behind the person holding the lead, as in a dog's mind the leader leads the way, and that leader needs to be the human. Most shepherds love to play ball or Frisbee. This breed does best with a job to do. Without enough exercise, mental and physical, it will become bored and destructive, which will affect its good temperament.

Rouze

Rouze is a commune in the Ariège department. It is in southwestern France.


Matemale

Matemale is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department. It is in southern France.

Hazelnut butter

Hazelnut butter is a type of nut butter. It is made by grinding raw or roasted hazelnuts. It is more common in Europe. Hazelnut butter can be crunchy or smooth.

Hazelnut butter is high in natural fats, but the oil can separate easily, so it should be stirred before use. It should also be refrigerated after opening to slow re-separation and spoilage.

Hazelnut butter can be a good alternative to peanut butter for those with peanut allergies or those who avoid legumes.

Formiguères

Formiguères is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department. It is in southern France.

Vendres

Vendres is a commune of 2,712 people (2018). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Mercedes-Benz Stadium

Mercedes-Benz Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Atlanta, Georgia, United States and is the home to the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League and Atlanta United FC of Major League Soccer.

Queen Kong (1976 movie)

Queen Kong is a 1976 German-Italian-British parody giant monster horror musical film directed by Frank Angrama produced by Dexter Film London and Harmony Gold and distributed by Constantin Film in December 10, 1976 and DVD by Retromedia was released in United States from April 22, 2003 and United Kingdom was not yet released until in August 12, 2015. an gender-flip spoof mockbuster of King Kong.

Ray Fay travels an island from Africa in a giant gorilla named Queenie when taken Ray, then escaped. Queenie fights off an gigantic Tyrannosaurus Rex and a hook on the Pterodactyl's leg, then captured by gas bombs, then carried off London. then went the presentation of Queenie in the stage later went jealousy while Luce, then and attacked by Queenie angrily, letting escaped and goes on berserk on the city. in the middle of the night, Queenie stalks with buildings also holds an phone booth, inside the building and saw her by a attacked the airplane swats down an building explodes. then punches the window, Ray reunited Queenie and climbs an gigantic Big Ben, then the British police calls an Royal Air Force to destroy the ape, then top an roof hangs an Queenie holds an helicopter, letting down. Ray protesting does not shoot to kill the giant ape and bring back to Africa. 
the film was cancelled in United Kingdom due to legal action by Paramount, but later until August 12, 2015. outside of the film's released other countries in United States by DVD on April 22, 2003, Germany in December 10, 1976, Italy in April 29, 1977, Japan in September 22, 2001 and Philippines in March 10, 2004.

Nagarparkar Jain Temples

The Nagarparkar Jain Temples () are located in the region around Nagarparkar, in Pakistan's southern Sindh province. The site consists of a several abandoned Jain sacred temples. There is also a mosque which is heavily influenced by the architectural style of the temples. Buildings in the region date from the 12th to the 15th centuries. This is a period when Jain architectural expression was at its highest.

These ancient Pakistanian temples were put on the list for UNESCO World Heritage status in 2016 as the Nagarparkar Cultural Landscape. Therefore they can be considered as the ""National Jain Temple of Pakistan"", a potential for Gujarati Indian Yatris respectively. 

Sailly-Laurette

Sailly-Laurette is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Sailly-le-Sec

Sailly-le-Sec is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ada Ehi

Ada Ogochukwu Ehi (born 18 September 1987) is a Nigerian gospel singer, songwriter, recording and performing artist. She started her musical career at her teenager as a backup singer for child star, Tosin Jegede.

Ehi was born in a native of Imo State in Nigeria. She graduated from Lagos State University where she studied Chemical & Polymer Engineering.


• "YNaija"'s list of "100 Influential Christian Personalities in Nigeria".

• Groove Awards for West African Artist of the Year; being nominated alongside Frank Edwards, Sinach, Joe Praize and the Preachers.

• ONLY YOU" by Ada Ehi was also listed as one of the 20 most viewed Songs of the decade from Nigeria.

Urban contemporary gospel

Urban/contemporary gospel is a type of music. It is a type of gospel music. The style developed slowly starting in the 1970s.

The Best American Poetry

The Best American Poetry series consists of annual poetry anthologies, each containing seventy-five poems.Each year, this series presents essential American verse and the poets. The best American poetry has appeared in this venerable collection for over twenty-five years.""Best American Poetry" remains one of the most popular and best-selling poetry books published each year."

The series, begun by David Lehman in 1988, has a different guest editor every year. Lehman, each year contributes a foreword focusing on the state of contemporary poetry. The book titles in the series always follow the format of the first, changing only the year.

A compendium for the first decade of the series has also been published, "The Best of the Best American Poetry 1988–1997." It has seventy-five best poems from the previous ten anthologies. In 2013,It published ""The Best of the Best American Poetry: 25th Anniversary Edition (2013)"" which have 100 poems from the series' history.

In 1988,the rules for the selection of the poems were laid down by Lehman. 


Nostalgiya

Nostalgiya () is a Russian television channel about nostalgia for the Soviet Union. It started in 2004, and shows in almost all of the European parts of the Soviet Union, and some countries of the "Far Abroad", including the United States, Germany and Israel.

In the logo, the C and T look like the hammer and sickle (☭) of the Soviet flag, but flipped to the right.

One of its main shows is a talk show named "Born in the USSR" (; "Rozhdyonnye v SSSR"), in which every day, those watching at the studio talk in an interactive way.


Esperanto grammar

Esperanto's grammar (rules of language) is meant to be simple. The rules in Esperanto never change and can always be applied in the same way.
Esperanto has only definite article "la" (the same thing as "the" in English) and no indefinite article (the same thing as "a" or "an" in English). They use definite article when they talk about things, about which they have already told something.

Nouns end with "-o". For example, "patro means "father". To make a noun plural add -j. For example: "patroj means "fathers".

Adjectives end with "-a", adverbs end with "-e", for example "granda means "big", "bona means "good", "bone" means "well".

The "-n" ending is the mark of the direct object (the Accusative case) in nouns and adjectives. For example:

In adjectives and adverbs is comparison made by words "pli" ("more") and "plej" ("most"). For example:


So, to say how old somebody is in Esperanto, just say:

Verbs end with "-as" when they are in present tense. English uses "I am", "you are", "he is". But in Esperanto, there is just one word for "am", "are", "is" - "estas". Similarly, "kuras" can mean "run" or "runs". Infinitives end with "-i". For example, "esti" means "to be", "povi" means "to can". It is easy to make past tense - always add "-is" ending. To make future tense, add "-os". For example:

Many words can be made opposite by adding "mal" at the beginning.

Examples of sentences which show the rules:

To make a yes-or-no question, add "Ĉu" at the beginning. For example:

Unlike in English, they can answer to a yes/no question only "jes" (yes) or "ne" (no).

The numbers are:

Numbers like twenty-one (21) are made by their compounding by order of magnitude. For example: "dek tri" means thirteen (13), "dudek tri" means twenty-three (23), "sescent okdek tri" means six hundred eighty-three (683), "mil naŭcent okdek tri" means (one) thousand nine hundred and eighty-three (1983).

Esperanto has over 20 special words which can change the meaning of another word. People put them before or after the root of a word.

These words combined can make very long words, such as "malmultekosta" (cheap), "vendredviandmanĝmalpermeso" (prohibition of eating a meat on Friday).

Prefixes are added before the root of the word.

Suffixes are added after the root of the word, but before the ending.

Abdalelah Haroun

Abdalelah Haroun Hassan (; 1 January 1997 – 26 June 2021) was a Qatari track and field sprinter. He ran in the 400 metres. He was the 2015 Asian champion in the event and holds the Asian indoor record. He was born in Sennar, Sudan.

Haroun was killed in a car crash in Doha, Qatar on 26 June 2021, aged 24.

Jon Hassell

Jon Hassell (March 22, 1937 – June 26, 2021) was an American trumpet player and composer. He was best known for creatting the idea of "Fourth World" music. It combines world ethnic traditions with modern electronic techniques.

Hassell died from natural causes on June 26, 2021 at the age of 84.

Frederic Rzewski

Frederic Anthony Rzewski ( ; April 13, 1938 – June 26, 2021) was an American composer and pianist. He was known for adding political themes onto his music. His best known works were "Coming Together" and the piano versions of "The People United Will Never Be Defeated!". He was born in Westfield, Massachusetts.

Rzewski died on June 26, 2021 at the age of 83.

Yukhym Zvyahilsky

Yukhym Leonidovych Zvyahilsky (, ) (20 February 1933 – 6 November 2021) was a Ukrainian politician. He is the only member of Verkhovna Rada who was elected to parliament in eight elections from 1990 until 2019. Zvyahilsky was born in Stalino, Ukrainian SSR. From September 1993 until June 1994, he was the Acting Prime Minister.

On 4 November 2021, Zvyahilsky was hospitalized under critical condition in Kyiv, Ukraine for COVID-19. He died two days later from the infection, aged 88.

Vasyl Durdynets

Major General Vasyl Vasylovych Durdynets (, born 27 September 1937) is a Ukrainian politician. He was the Acting Prime Minister of Ukraine for a short time in July 1997.

Valentyn Symonenko

Valentyn Kostyantynovych Symonenko (; born July 4, 1940) is a Ukrainian politician. Between 1996 and 2011 he was chairman of the Accounting Chamber of Ukraine. For a short time in October 1992, he was the Acting Prime Minister of Ukraine.

Lowell, Michigan

Lowell is a city in Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan. 4,142 people lived here at the 2020 census.

The Lady (1925 movie)

The Lady is a 1925 American silent drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and starring Norma Talmadge, Wallace MacDonald, Brandon Hurst, Paulette Duval, Emily Fitzroy, Johnny Fox, Alfred Goulding, George Hackathorne. It was distributed by First National Pictures.

A Midsummer Night's Dream (1935 movie)

A Midsummer Night's Dream is a 1935 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Max Reinhardt and William Dieterle and is based on the play of the same name by William Shakespeare. It stars James Cagney, Mickey Rooney, Olivia de Havilland, Jean Muir, Joe E. Brown, Dick Powell, Ross Alexander, Anita Louise, Victor Jory, Ian Hunter and was distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It won 2 Oscars and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1936.


Sailly-Saillisel

Sailly-Saillisel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Sains-en-Amiénois

Sains-en-Amiénois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Acheul

Saint-Acheul is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Aubin-Montenoy

Saint-Aubin-Montenoy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Aubin

Saint-Aubin may refer to:



Saint-Aubin, Jura

Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Jura department in east France.

Saint-Aubin, Nord

Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is in the Nord department in northern France.

Saint-Aubin-d'Aubigné

Saint-Aubin-d'Aubigné () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in northwest France.

Cisai-Saint-Aubin

Cisai-Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Orne department in northwest France.

Saint-Aubin-d'Appenai

Saint-Aubin-d'Appenai is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Orne department in northwest France.

Saint-Aubin-Celloville

Saint-Aubin-Celloville is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Saint-Aubin, Côte-d'Or

Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Côte-d'Or department in east France.

Saint-Aubin, Essonne

Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Saint-Aubin-de-Bonneval

Saint-Aubin-de-Bonneval is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Orne department in northwest France.

Gurdwara Darbar Sahib Kartarpur

Gurdwara Darbar Sahib Kartarpur, also called Kartarpur Sahib, is a Gurdwara in Kartarpur, located in Shakargarh, Narowal District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is built on the historic site where the founder of Sikhism, Guru Nanak, settled and assembled the Sikh community after his missionary travels ("udasis" to Haridwar, Mecca-Medina, Lanka, Baghdad, Kashmir and the Great Himalayas) and lived for 18 years until his death in 1539. It is one of the holiest sites in Sikhism, alongside the Golden Temple in Amritsar and Gurdwara Janam Asthan in Nankana Sahib. It is also claimed to be the largest gurdwara in the world. This Sikhi Holy site is to be considered as the ""National Sikh Temple of Pakistan"", a potential for Punjabi Indian and all Universal Sikh Yatris respectively. 

Gunther's banded tree frog

Gunther's banded tree frog ("Boana fasciata") is a frog that lives in Ecuador and Peru. Scientists have seen it from 730 to 1593 meters above sea level

The adult male frog is 32.65 to 37.74 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 47.16 to 54.84 mm long. This frog has a wide head with a round, triangular nose. The nose is longer than the lower lip. This frog is yellow or brown in color with a darker brown line on each side.

This frog can live in many different kinds of forests. For example, it can live in evergreen forests and the kinds of forests that are high in the Andes mountains. It can also live on epiphytes, which are plants that live on top of other plants.

Bai Virbaiji Soparivala Parsi High School

Bai Virbaijee Soparivala Parsi High School (BVS) is a private school and religious Parsi building in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It opened in 1859 as Karachi Parsi Balak Shalla, by the Zoroastrian residents of Karachi. BVS was designed by Moses Somake, the Jewish architect who is perhaps the first known architect of many Karachi buildings in the then emerging city. This Parsi place of worship can be considered as the only ""National Parsi Fire Temple of Pakistan"", within the country, and a potential for Marathi Indian and all Parsi Iranian Yatris respectively. 



Fall by lake with sculpture (Garau)

Fall by lake with sculpture (also known as Caduta di lago con scultura) is a painting by Salvatore Garau. It is painted in acrylic and was completed in 2000. The painting is in the collection of the Palazzo della Farnesina in Rome.

"Caduta di lago con scultura" shows Garau's focus on water.
"Garau sees an evocative, passionate and romantic language with touches of color that create dreamy water plays of celestial and blue lights and shadows that plunge into the black earth. The theme of water is loved by Garau, who has deeply studied the movements both natural and determined by human technology, dedicating several exhibitions to this topic. " (cit. P. Biotti, art critic)


Magain Shalome Synagogue

The Magain Shalome Synagogue (; ) was a synagogue in Karachi, Pakistan. It was considered as the former ""National Synagogue of Pakistan"" respectively. 

Magain Shalome was built in 1893, when Pakistan was still part of India. After 1948, many of Pakistan's Jews moved to India and Israel. In 1988, the government destroyed it to make room for a shopping mall. The cemetery is still there.

Plastic explosives

Plastic explosive is a softer solid form of explosive material. In the field of explosives engineering, plastic explosives are sometimes known as putty explosives.

Plastic explosives are mostly used for explosive destruction. Common plastic explosives include Semtex and C-4. The first made plastic explosive was gelignite in 1875, created by Alfred Nobel.

The British used a plastic explosive during World War II for destruction. The material was plastic between 0 and 40 degrees C, but was breakable when colder and more liquid-like when it's very hot. Composition C2 had a bigger temperature range at which it would stay as plastic, from −30 to 52 degrees C. Composition C2 was replaced by Composition C3, which was a mixture of 77% RDX and 23% explosive plasticizer. C3 worked very well but proved to be too breakable in cold weather and was replaced with C4. There are three classes of C4, with differing amounts of RDX and polyisobutylene.

Pap test

The Papanicolaou test (also Pap test, Pap smear (AE), cervical smear (BE), cervical screening (BE), or smear test (BE)) is a test that doctors do for women. The test tells whether the woman has cancer cells on her cervix, which is an organ inside the vagina.

A doctor collects cells from the cervix using a speculum, brush, and spatula. The doctor puts the cells in a liquid or on a glass slide. Then the liquid or slide goes to a laboratory for testing. The technician in the laboratory looks at the cells under a microscope to see if they are cancer or could become cancer. Woman do pap tests because, if she finds out she has cervical cancer early, she can start treatment, and she is more likely to live.

Sacred Heart Cathedral, Lahore

Sacred Heart Cathedral () is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lahore, located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. A special commemorative postage stamp was released on the Centenary Day of the Cathedral by the Government of Pakistan. Benedict XVI also sent a message for the jubilee of the Lahore cathedral. Archbishop Adolfo Tito Yllana, Apostolic Nunciature of Pakistan, read out the special message from the Pope to the local congregation in Lahore.

In 2007 Father Andrew Nisari was the Rector of the Cathedral. This Holy Church is to be considered as the ""National Church of Pakistan"", for the minority Pakistani community within the country respectively. 

1940 United States presidential election

The 1940 United States presidential election was the 39th election in the history of the United States. It happened on November 5, 1940. Franklin D. Roosevelt, the incumbent president, won reelection. He defeated the Republican candidate, Wendell Willkie. This was the only time anyone has ever been elected to a third term as President of the United States. It was the 39th presidential election in United States history and was the last election before World War II happened.

Franklin was not sure whether he wanted to run for president again. He waited to see what would happen with the war in Europe. Then he decided he wanted to run. At the Democratic convention in Chicago, Franklin Roosevelt's wife, Eleanor Roosevelt, gave a speech to the party, and they chose him to run. Franklin Roosevelt chose Secretary of Agriculture Henry Wallace to run with him for Vice President. This was the first time a presidential candidate had chosen his own running mate instead of letting the party choose.

The Republican Party chose Wendell Willkie. Willkie had run an electric company. He had liked the New Deal until Roosevelt made the Tennessee Valley Authority, which sold people cheap electricity. Willkie traveled to 31 states by train. In his campaign, he told voters he would keep most New Deal programs and talked about how anyone having a third term as president would be bad. "If one man is indispensable, then none of us is free," he said.

Roosevelt won with 54% of the popular vote. That means 54% of the voters in the United States voted for him. He won 449 out of 531 electoral college votes. Wilke lost with 48% of the popular vote. This was the first and only time any person had been elected to a third term as President of the United States.

During the campaign, Roosevelt promised Americans that the country would not fight in World War II. Both Roosevelt and Willkie said they would continue helping the Allies in other ways, like the Lend-Lease program.

After Willkie lost the election, he supported the New Deal programs and getting ready for war. He wrote an essay called "One World," which was about preventing more wars after WWII was over. He died of a heart attack in 1944.

West Yorkshire Police

West Yorkshire Police is the local police who are responsible for the metropolitan county of West Yorkshire, England. It is the fourth largest local police force in England and Wales by number of police officers.

West Yorkshire Police was made in 1974, when part of the West Yorkshire Constabulary (itself created in 1968, and being responsible for a much larger area) was joined with the Leeds City Police and Bradford City Police, under the Local Government Act 1972. The force was originally known as the West Yorkshire Metropolitan Police. Some older signs around the Force area, such as the one near the Millgarth Police Station in Leeds city centre, read 'West Yorkshire Metropolitan Police'. The 'Metropolitan' from the police title was removed in 1986 when the Metropolitan counties were ended.
Suggestions made by the Home Secretary on 21 March 2006 would see the force join with North Yorkshire Police, South Yorkshire Police and Humberside Police to form a better police force for the entire region, but this suggestion failed.

On 12 December 2006, Sir Norman Bettison was announced as the new chief constable, replacing Colin Cramphorn and resigned from his position on 24 October 2012. He was replaced by Temporary Chief Constable John Parkinson until Mark Gilmore was made chief constable on 1 February 2013.

In 2018, it was thought West Yorkshire Police would lose 400 officers from its 4,800 officers due to austerity.


Tver

Tver () is a city in Russia. It is the administrative center of Tver Oblast. About 424,969 people live in the city.

Smetanova Lhota

Smetanova Lhota is a village of the Písek District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. In 2021, 263 people live there and covers an area of . Smetanova Lhota was first documented in 1384.

Football player Jan Koller was born here.


Saint-Aubin, Indre

Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Indre department in central France.

Saint-Aubin, Landes

Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Landes department in southwest France.

La Ferté-Saint-Aubin

La Ferté-Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Loiret department in north-central France.

Saint-Aubin, Lot-et-Garonne

Saint-Aubin is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwest France.

Saint-Aubin-de-Cadelech

Saint-Aubin-de-Cadelech is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Dordogne department in southwest France.

Saint-Aubin-de-Courteraie

Saint-Aubin-de-Courteraie is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Orne department in northwest France.

Saint-Aubin-de-Crétot

Saint-Aubin-de-Crétot is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Saint-Aubin-d'Écrosville

Saint-Aubin-d'Écrosville is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Eure department in north France.

Saint-Aubin-de-Lanquais

Saint-Aubin-de-Lanquais is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Dordogne department in southwest France.

Saint-Aubin-Routot

Saint-Aubin-Routot is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Terramesnil

Terramesnil is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. In 2018, 313 people lived there.

Democratic Party (disambiguation)

Democratic Party most often refers to:
Democratic Party may also refer to:

Almond milk

Almond milk is a type of plant milk. It is made by blending almonds with water and optional flavors. Sometimes, it is fortified with some micronutrients to make up for the lack of it. It has a creamy texture and a nutty flavor.

It is known to be one of the biggest dairy milk alternatives with a global market value of about 5 billion USD.

Katas Raj Temples

The Shri Katas Raj Temples (Punjabi, شری) (Sanskrit: कटासराज) also known as Qila Katas (). The temples' pond is said in the "Puranas" to have been created from the teardrops of Shiva, after he wandered the Earth inconsolable after the death of his wife Sati. The pond occupies an area of two kanals and 15 marlas, with a maximum depth of 20 feet. The temples were visited by India's former deputy prime minister Lal Krishna Advani in 2005. In 2006, the Pakistani government began restoration works at the temples, with further improvements announced in 2017.

The name of the temple complex is believed to derive from the Sanskrit word "kataksha", meaning "tearful eyes." The pond was originally referred to as "Viskund", or "poison spring", but was later referred to as "Amarkund," "Chamaskund," and finally "Katakshkund," meaning "Spring of tearful eyes." The pond in Urdu and Persian is referred to as "Chashm-e-Alam", meaning "Sorrowful/Tearful Eyes." while some of his tears collected in two ponds, one of which is the pond around which the Katas Raj Temples are set, while the other is at Pushkar, near the famous Sufi pilgrimage centre of Ajmer Sharif. The sacred pond in the complex is believed by Hindus to be filled with Shiva's tears after the death of his wife Sati. The water in the pond is of high clarity.

The temples play a role in the Hindu epic poem, the "Mahābhārata", where the temples are traditionally believed to have been the site where the "Pandava" brothers spent a significant portion of their exile. It is also traditionally believed by Hindus to be the site where the brothers engaged in a riddle contest with the Yakshas, as described in the "Yaksha Prashna." Another tradition states that the Hindu deity Krishna laid the foundation of the temple, and established a hand-made "shivling" in it. The temples are considered to be the second most sacred site in the historic pre-1966 East Punjab region, after the temple at Jwalamukhi in modern Himachal Pradesh (Northern India). Therefore they can be considered as the ""National Hindu Temple of Pakistan"", a potential for all Indian Yatris or Shaivite worshipers respectively.

The Katas site houses the "Satgraha", a group of seven ancient temples, remains of a Buddhist stupa, five other medieval temples, havelis scattered around a pond considered holy by Hindus.

The temples at Katas are mostly constructed on square platforms. The elevation of the sub shrines seems to form a series of cornices with small rows of pillars, crowned by a ribbed dome. The seven temples were built in an architectural style similar to Kashmiri temples, with dentils, fluted pillars, trefoil arches, and rooflines that are pointed. The Shiva temple is also built on a square platform. Its entrance is a recessed round arch with faint cusps and a rectangular opening to the north.

In January 2017, Pakistan's government began installation of "shikharas" on the temples. In February 2017, 200 pilgrims from India traveled to the temple to participate in the "Katas Raj Dham" festival. In 2018, Pakistan issued visas to 139 Indian Hindu pilgrims to visit Katas Raj dham.

Murtis (idols) of Hindu gods were placed in the seven temples, at a cost of Rs. 51.06 million. A three-member archaeological team visited India, Sri Lanka and Nepal to collect murtis of various Hindu gods.

Pac-Mania

Pac-Mania is an isometric maze arcade game that was developed and released by Namco in 1987.
In Pac-Mania, the player has to eat all the yellow pellets. The player can also jump to avoid the ghosts (Blinky, Pinky, Inky, Clyde, Sue, Funky). There are four mazes in the game: Block Town, Pac-Man Park, Sandbox Land, and Jungly Steps.

Brewarrina

Brewarrina is a small town with a population of 1143 (2016) in northwest New South Wales, 787 km from the state's capital - Sydney. It's sometimes colloquially known as "Bre". Brewarrina is most notable for its Aboriginal fish traps, believed to be the oldest human construction in the world.

For a small town of its size, Brewarrina has unusually two heritage listed sites:

After the Battle (movie)

After the Battle (, translit. Baad el Mawkeaa) is a 2012 Egyptian French drama movie directed by Yousry Nasrallah and starring Menna Shalabi, Nahed El Sebaï, Bassem Samra.

Sally and Freedom

Sally and Freedom () is a 1981 Swedish drama movie directed by Gunnel Lindblom (who also stars) and also starring Ewa Fröling, Hans Wigren, Leif Ahrle, Gunn Wållgren, Oscar Ljung, Svea Holst, Kim Anderzon.

Butoh

Butoh is a Japanese dance theatre founded in 1959. The founders are Tatsumi Hijikata and Kazuo Ohno. Butoh have many art practises from around the globe.

Moghbazar explosion

The Moghbazar explosion took place on June 27, 2021, in Moghbazar, Dhaka, Bangladesh. investigations have been launched to know the exact reason of the gas explosion. 

There were gas cylinders at a restaurant at the ground floor of a three-storey building in the Moghbazar market while there were air conditioners at a showroom upstairs to the restaurant, There were gas cylinders as well at the road construction site at the scene where the restaurant cylinder burst along with other gas cylinders around creating a huge destructive blast, damaging Seven other nearby buildings and three buses in the explosion.

Savdhaan India

Savdhaan India – India Fights Back (English: "Attention India! – India Fights Back") is an Indian Hindi-language crime show aired by Star Bharat. The series is hosted by Ashutosh Rana, Tisca Chopra, Sushant Singh, Gaurav Chopra, Mohnish Behl, Pooja Gaur, Saurabh Raj Jain, Shivani Tomar, Pratyusha Banerjee, Hiten Tejwani, vivek jha Divya Dutta, Sidharth Shukla and Mohit Malik. On the show, performers act out real-life crimes in India and tell the story of the victims who tried to get justice.

There have been questions about whether this show is good or bad because it shows crime as sensational, meaning it tries to make crime interesting so the show will be fun to watch. In February 2018 in Delhi, a man living in New Friends Colony was accused of rape by his 11-year-old daughter. Later, in court, the girl admitted she had "exaggerated" the complaint after watching "Savdhaan India". She said that because she watched the show, she thought her father's innocent kisses were wrong. The court found the father not guilty.


Samsung Galaxy A22

Samsung Galaxy A22 is a smartphone made by Samsung. It has a screen that has a resolution of 2400 x 1080 pixels. It also has 48 MP main, 2 MP depth and 2 MP macro cameras. It has a 5000 mAh battery.

Brooks, Meadows and Lovely Faces

Brooks, Meadows and Lovely Faces (, translit. Brooks, Meadows and Lovely Faces) is a 2016 Egyptian comedy movie directed by Yousry Nasrallah and starring Laila Eloui, Bassem Samra, Menna Shalabi.

Lee Boo-jin

Lee Boo-jin (born 1970) is a South Korean businesswoman, and the president and chief executive of Hotel Shilla.

Kim Hye-soo

Kim Hye-soo (; born September 5, 1970) is a South Korean actress.

Happy Madison Productions

Happy Madison Productions is a Los Angeles-based entertainment company. It deals with production of movies and television programs. It was founded by actor and comedian Adam Sandler on December 10, 1999. Sandler is also the CEO and co-owner of Happy Madison, with Jack Giarraputo. The company was named after "Happy Gilmore" and "Billy Madison", two movies starring Sandler. The man on the logo of the company is Sandler's father, Stanley, who says the word "Terrific".

The company used to be headquartered in the Judy Garland Building on the Sony Pictures Studios lot in Culver City, California. Happy Madison's parent company is Happy Madison Inc. The parent company is headed by Scott, the brother of Adam Sandler, and is based in Manchester, New Hampshire.



Most of the studio's movies received negative reactions from critics. Four of them are considered some of the worst movies of all time. Two of those were rated 0% on Rotten Tomatoes.


Coconut flour

Coconut flour is a type of flour made from blended coconut flesh that is cold pressed then dried. It is commonly used in making pastry.

Coconut flour, like other coconut products is mostly saturated fat (lauric acid). It has some fiber.

Coconut flour has also been used in baking foods for low-carbohydrate diets. Items baked with coconut flour are usually calorie-heavy.

Coconut flour usually spoils at slower rate than other fatty flours.

Funny People

Funny People is a 2009 American black comedy-drama movie. It was directed and written by Judd Apatow. The movie was produced by Universal Pictures, Columbia Pictures, Relativity Media, Madison 23 Productions and Apatow Productions. It stars Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen and Leslie Mann. The movie was first shown on July 20, 2009 in Los Angeles, California.



Manual therapy

Manual therapy is a treatment of musculoskeletal pain and disability. It includes chiropractic, osteopathy, naprapathy.

G. W. Pabst

Georg Wilhelm Pabst (25 August 1885 – 29 May 1967) was an Austrian film director and screenwriter during the Weimar Republic. The most influential works are "The" "Threepenny Opera" (1931) and "Pandora's Box" (1929). 

Canton, Mississippi

Canton is the county seat of Madison County, Mississippi, United States.

Madison, Mississippi

Madison is a city in Madison County, Mississippi, United States.

Ridgeland, Mississippi

Ridgeland is a city in Madison County, Mississippi, United States.

Bindi

Bindi is a colored dot located on the center of the forehead. Bindi is a symbol of the origin of life in countries where Hinduism and Jainism are preached.

Bindi is known also as the third eye.

Dublin (disambiguation)

Dublin is the capital of the Republic of Ireland.

Dublin may also refer to:



Hadiza Sabuwa Balarabe

Hadiza Sabuwa Balarabe is a Nigerian politician and incumbent deputy governor of Kaduna State, Nigeria. She is the first female deputy-governor in Kadun state.

Balarabe was born into in Sanga local government area of Kaduna state. She obtained her bachelor of medicine and bachelor of surgery (MBBS) from University of Maiduguri.

Yusuf Barnabas Bala

Yusuf Barnabas Bala (born in 1956 -11 July 2021) was a Nigerian politician, an architect, academic and former deputy governor of Kaduna State, Nigeria. He died of a sudden illness on 11 July 2021 with no portfolio in government. 

Kaura

Kaura (Tyap: Watyap) is a town and a Local Government Area in southern part of Kaduna State, Nigeria. It has an area of 461 km and a population of 174,626 at the 2006 census. It postal code of the area is 801.

Boana jimenezi

Jimenez's tree frog ("Boana jimenezi") is a frog that lives in Venezuela. It lives in streams high on Mt. Auyantepui. Scientists have seen it between 970 and 2100 meters above sea level.

Seth Abramson

Seth Abramson (born October 31, 1976) is an American professor, political columnist and author, and. He is the editor of the "Best American Experimental Writing" series. He has written a bestselling trilogy of nonfiction works detailing the foreign policy agenda and political scandals of former president Donald Trump.After the 2016 U.S. presidential election, Abramson received widespread attention for his Twitter threads alleging collusion between the Trump campaign and foreign governments, especially Russia,Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and Israel.

Abramson graduated from Dartmouth College (1998), Harvard Law School (2001) and University of Wisconsin-Madison (2010; 2016).He was trial attorney for the New Hampshire Public Defender for 6 years from 2001 to 2007. Abramson has written for "The Washington Post", "Dallas Morning News", "The Seattle Times", "Newsweek", "Indiewire", and "The Guardian". and "Publishers Weekly"".During the Trump administration, Abramson was a CNN legal analyst and appeared regularly on the BBC."

After the 2016 US Presidential election, Abramson received attention for his Twitter threads alleging collusion between the Trump campaign and foreign governments, especially Russia. In November 2018, Abramson published the "New York Times" bestselling book ""Proof of Collusion" """ (Simon & Schuster), which sought to establish "proof of collusion in the Trump-Russia case. A sequel to "Proof of Collusion", "Proof of Conspiracy", was published in September 2019, and was also a "New York Times" bestseller. The final book in the Proof trilogy, "Proof of Corruption," was published by St. Martin's Press in September 2020 and was named a "USA Today" bestseller.

Coach to Vienna

Coach to Vienna (, in USA released as Carriage to Vienna) is a 1966 Czech World War II thriller movie directed by Karel Kachyňa and starring Iva Janžurová, Jaromír Hanzlír, Luděk Munzar, Vladimír Ptáček, Ivo Niederle, Ladislav Jandoš.


Close to Heaven

Close to Heaven () is a 2005 Czech comedy movie directed by Dan Svátek and starring Go Go Jean Michel Francis, Tuva Novotny, Tonya Graves, Petr Vanek, Arnost Goldflam, Ivo Niederle.

Dragon (programming language)

Dragon is a dynamic and multi-paradigm programming language for Cross-platform (multi-platform) operating systems. The supported programming paradigms are imperative, object-oriented, declarative using nested structures, functional and natural programming. Console and GUI applications can be developed with Dragon. It was first released in the year 2018 by Aavesh Jilani. The syntax is a bit of similar like Python but instead of indentation Dragon uses structural and procedural syntax approach.

As of the 1.9.7 version Dragon started supporting procedural syntax along with the structural syntax. It is used for the block of codes similarly like the Visual Basic .NET uses. Although both of syntax can be used together in a program. There is a keyword "end" to complete the code block in procedural syntax for the loops, functions, classes, and conditions.

Dragon has multiple different versions. Although it doesn't have own VM, it uses the JVM and IKVM. It generates the VM instructions to any of these VM to execute the tasks. The Dragon native is made with C, Native version has its own VM. It is the fastest one among all versions. 

Some things that Dragon is often used for are:

To print something using the standard output, Dragon has the 'show' keyword and 'showln' for output in newline.

Function creation with structural syntax
one() 
two() 

func one() {

func two() { 

With procedural syntax.
one() 
two() 

func one() 
end

func two() 
end


High Line

The High Line is a 1.45-mile-long elevated linear park on an abandoned New York Central Railroad.


Treehouse of Horror V

"Treehouse of Horror V" is the 6th episode of The Simpsons sixth season. It is the 5th episode of the "Treehouse of Horror" series. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on October 30, 1994. The episode has three parts: "The Shinning", "Time and Punishment", and "Nightmare Cafeteria".

Mr. Burns hires the Simpson family to look after one of his buildings. Burns takes away television and beer because he thinks they will work harder this way. Groundskeeper Willie learns that Bart can hear his thoughts. He tells Bart to let him know if Homer starts to act strange. Homer starts to act crazy because he does not have television and beer. Moe Szyslak (as a ghost) says to Homer that he will give him a beer if Homer kills his family. Marge gets a baseball bat to protect herself from Homer. Homer gets scared when he sees himself in a mirror and faints. Marge puts Homer in a pantry to make him calm down. Homer starts to think normally again, but then gets taken by Moe and other ghosts. Homer later makes the family run away by chasing them with an axe. Willie tries to stop him but gets killed with Homer's axe. Homer is about to kill his family, but Lisa tells him she found a television screen in the snow. Homer starts acting normal again and the family freezes after watching television in the snow. 

Homer accidentally puts his hand in a toaster twice. He tries to fix the toaster, but he makes it become a time machine. The toaster takes Homer to an era with dinosaurs. He remembers when Grampa told him not to change anything in the past. Homer kills a mosquito and the present becomes a dystopia where Ned Flanders is the ruler of the world. Homer goes back to the past to try to stop himself. He accidentally kills a fish from the past and makes Bart and Lisa very big in the present. Back in the past, Homer sneezes and makes all of the dinosaurs die from the common cold. The Simpson family becomes wealthy in the present, but he leaves when he learns no one knows what donuts are. In another present, Groundskeeper Willie tries to help Homer go back to the real world. Willie then gets killed with an axe by Maggie. Homer goes from the past to the present many times. He then finds a present world where almost everything is normal again. He sees the family eating using long and stretching tongues, but thinks it is normal enough.

Principal Skinner thinks that his school's detention room has too many children in it. The school's lunchlady must give out poor quality meat for lunch. Skinner thinks that eating the children will help with both problems. Students Jimbo Jones and Üter Zörker are killed and made into food. Bart and Lisa learn what Skinner and the lunchlady are doing. They learn from seeing children in detetion put in a cage and killed. Bart, Lisa, and Milhouse later become the only children in the school to still be alive. Skinner and the lunchlady make Bart, Lisa, and Milhouse trapped above a blender. Groundskeeper Willie tries to help them but Skinner hits him with an axe. Bart, Lisa, and Milhouse fall and get killed by the blender.

It is then shown that Bart was just dreaming the story. Marge tells him not to worry about it. Fog starts to get inside their house and makes the family's skin become muscles. They then start singing a parody of a song from "A Chorus Line". While they sing, Santa's Little Helper starts to eat Bart.

David Mirkin made the episode have more violence and blood than the "Treehouse of Horror" episode before it. He said he was not happy with the Congress wanting there to be less violence in the episodes. He later called the episode the most "disturbing Halloween show ever". The episode starts with Marge saying that the episode is too scary to be shown. This was put in the episode because of how scary people thought the episodes were. Mirkin thinks Halloween episodes can be "scary as well as fun".


Grey Dawn (movie)

Grey Dawn is a 2015 Ghanaian Nigerian drama movie directed by Shirley Frimpong-Manso and starring Bimbo Manuel, Funlola Aofiyebi-Raimi, Sika Osei, Marlon Mave.

Lacoste

Lacoste is a French company founded in 1933. The stores of this company sells different goods: from sportswear to perfume and watches.

Yes, Norman Productions

Yes, Norman Productions is the television production company of actress Kaley Cuoco, based in Beverly Hills, California, USA. It produced the DC Network's adult animated TV series "Harley Quinn" (2019–present) and HBO Max's TV comedy-drama "The Flight Attendant" (2020–present). The upcoming projects of company is "Pretty", "America's Sweetheart" and "Untitled Doris Day project". Often producing TV series with Warner Bros. Television Studios and Berlanti Productions.

Mr. L

Mr. L is a character from the Mario Bros video game Super Paper Mario. He is a brainwashed Luigi. He is an antagonist, or bad guy.

He works for the evil character Count Bleck. According to "The InterNed", Mr. L's theme song is "Mr. L, Green Thunder." He eventually becomes Super Dimentio, the fused form of Dimentio and Mr. L, which is the final enemy that the player fights in the game. Before turning evil, Luigi tries to stop Count Bleck from using the Chaos Heart; however, after being trapped in Castle Bleck, Luigi gets brainwashed by Nastasia, ultimately turning him into Mr. L.

Flap steak

Flap steak is a type of meat cut. It comes from the bottom sirloin. It is a thin piece of beef.

This cut can also be used to make ground beef.

Flap meat is usually confused with cuts from the plate meats. Sometimes, it is sold as skirt steak even though it does not come from the plate.

Like most steaks, the flap steak can be cooked with different methods.

Poopak NikTalab

Poopak Niktalab (born 19 May ,1970) (Persian: پوپک نیک طلب or /puːˈpækˌnɪkˈtælæb/ ) is an Iranian writer and literary researcher. She is known for writing the book "Sarv-e-Samarqand".

She is an Iranian writer and researcher of children's literature. She has written more than one hundred articles about children's literature such as Persian poems for children). Her book," Sarv-e-Samarghand." (English: Cedar of Samarqand), is the fullest interpretation of Rudaki's poems.

On the 200th birthday of Hans Christian Andersen, she was awarded the Outstanding Research Prize for Children’s Literature

She married Ali Latifiyan in 1999. The result of this marriage is two children named Parniya and Pouya.

Samarkand cedar (Rudaki Continuous Poems Description) Print 2020, Faradid Publishing

From the Alleyways of Samarkand to the Mediterranean Coast (The Evolution of the World of Child and Adolescent Literature (in 33 countries) Print 2019, Faradid Publishing

Poetry in the Mirror of the Child (Teaching poems for children), print 2003, Bashir Science and Literature

Father of the Sunshine of Kindness, Printed 1999 , Paknevis Publishing


De humani corporis fabrica

De humani corporis fabrica (On the fabric of the human body in seven books) is a collection of books about human anatomy written by Andreas Vesallius. It was published in 1543.

The photoreproduction by Dover Books is used as a practical way to see the contents, although some central libraries have copies of the first edition.

The book is extremely significant because for a long time dissections of the human body were based on Galen, who had used the anatomy of dogs as his model! Dissections of the human body were for centuries forbidden or very restricted.

Valentin Paniagua

Valentin Paniagua (December 23 1936 – October 26 2006) was a Peruvian politician. He was the President of Peru from 2000 to 2001. After Fujimori has fled Paniagua, was temporarily appointed by Congress to the presidency to organize and conduct new free elections. He headed Peru from November 22, 2000 to July 28, 2001.

Paniagua's father was from Bolivia, but spent most of his life in Peru. Valentin Paniagua was born in Cusco, where he received his secondary education and began his higher education, then in Lima, at the University of San Marcos, he graduated from higher education on the topic of constitutional law. Subsequently, he began a private law practice and later a political career. In 1963, he was elected to Congress from the City of Cusco from the Popular Action Party. After Fernando Belaunde came to power, Paniagua, despite his young age for such a position, was appointed Minister of Justice under the first Belaounda government.

After the coup organized by Velasco Alvarado, Valentin Paniagua was forced to leave politics and start teaching. During the military junta, the rule of Velasco and his follower Morales Bermudez, Paniagua remained in opposition to the government, considering their rule not constitutional. After holding free elections in 1980, Belaunde came back to power, his party won the parliamentary elections, and Panjagua was re-elected to Congress. On May 10, 1985, Paniagua became Minister of Education, but after a few months he left his post to continue working in Parliament, in the same year he was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of the Sun of Peru. After the defeat of the Popular Action Party in the 1985 elections and the coming to power of Alan Garcia Perez, headed by APRA, Valentin Paniagua again found himself in opposition, becoming a serious opponent of the current government. During his reign, Garcia was a lawyer and taught constitutional law at the University of San Marcos.

In the 1990 elections, Paniagua with the majority of the Popular Action party supported the candidacy of Mario Vargas Llosa, but after an unexpected victory Fujimori went into opposition, and after the coup committed by Fujimori in 1992, he became a tough consistent opponent of the created regime.

Duck eggs

Duck eggs are eggs from ducks that can be eaten as food. The shell has a white color. It slightly looks taller than chicken eggs. It is also cooked the same way as chicken eggs. 

It is thought that duck eggs have a richer flavor than chicken eggs.

In the Philippines, balut is a dish of duck egg that is fertilized for 18 days before being eaten. In China, congee can be eaten with duck eggs that have two yolks. There is also a cured duck egg called a century egg.

Rebecca Sealfon

Rebecca Sealfon (born July 8, 1983) is an American author and social activist for the Israeli Palestinian peace movements. She won the 70th in the year 1997, when she was only 13, by correctly spelling the word . Presently, she is also active in writing for Judaism related topics and is a top writer of Quora in the year 2018.


28 Days Later

28 Dates Later is a 2002 British post-apocalyptic movie directed by Danny Boyle. The movie tells about a virus infection called Rage that has affected all of Great Britain. There are not many survivors left. A young man (Cillian Murphy) awakes from a coma in St. Thomas’ Hospital in London to find Great Britain has collapsed. During an attack of zombies, he is saved by survivors Selena (Naomie Harris) and Mark. Together with Selena, they find cab driver Frank (Brendan Glesson) and his daughter Hannah at Balfron Tower. Then they go to Manchester for salvation.

"28 Days Later" is credited with reviving the zombie genre of horror movie.


Berlin to Kitchener name change

The city of Berlin, Ontario, Canada changed its name to Kitchener in May and June of 1916. The Yes votes won by a small margin. Horacio Kitchener, an army officer, was named for the city. 

Tana

Tana may be about:










Tana, Norway

Tana is a municipality in Finnmark, Norway. It shares a border with Finland.

It had 2,918 inhabitants, in year 2020.

The municipal council is elected until late 2027.


Halima Dangote

Halima Dangote is a Nigerian business woman, philanthropist and Executive Director, commercial operations of Dangote Group. She is a daughter of Aliko Dangote.

Halima obtained her Bachelors’ Degree in Marketing at American Intercontinental University, London. Halima also has a Master's degree in Business Administration from Webster Business School also in the United Kingdom.

Halima started her career as a Business Analyst with KPMG Professional Services before quitting and joining Dangote industrial limited in 2008. In 2019, she was announced as the new Group Executive Director, Commercial Operations of Dangote Industries Limited also known as Dangote Group.

Polka-dot tree frog

The polka-dog tree frog, fasciated frog or spotted tree frog ("Boana punctata") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Ecuador, Paraguay, Bolivia, Colombia, Trinidad, the Guyanas, and Argentina. Scientists have seen them as high as 1400 meters above sea level.

These frogs have green skin on their backs with small red spots.

The adult male frog is 31 to 40 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 34.0 to 41.7 mm long. They can live in forests, canals, and farms.

Dangote Group

The Dangote Group is a Nigerian multinational industrial conglomerate, founded by the richest black man Aliko Dangote. It is the largest conglomerate in West Africa and one of the largest on the African continent. 

Dangote Group was founded in 1981 as a trading enterprise, importing sugar, cement, rice, fisheries, and other consumer goods for distribution in the Nigeria market.

Chicken Rice War

Chicken Rice War was a 2000 Singaporean romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Chee Kong Cheah (CheeK) and based on the play "Romeo and Juliet" by William Shakespeare. 

It starred Pierre Png, Alias Kadir, May Yee Lum, Tanya Chua, Jamie Yeo, Catherine Sng, Gary Yuen, Kevlin Ng.

Rashomon effect

The Rashomon effect or Rashomon principle is an idea about how the human mind works and in the study of how we can know whether something is real. The Rashomon effect is when people see the same thing happen but when they talk about it later, their stories and memories are not the same. People have seen the Rashomon effect in art, science, medicine, and real-life crime.

The Rashomon effect is named after the 1950 movie "Rashomon". In that movie, four different people tell four different stories about a murder. This movie was based on the combination of events described in two short stories ('Rashomon' and 'In a Grove' written by Ryunosuke Akutagawa. The word 'Rashomon' refers to a gate in ancient Kyoto city.

Valerie Alia decided to call the real-life effect the Rashomon effect.

Many works of fiction have used the Rashomon effect, for example movies:


Many television shows have episodes that use the Rashomon effect, for example:



Res judicata

Res judicata is a legal term which is used in civil procedures. 

No court shall try any suit or issue in which the matter directly and substantially in issue has been directly and substantially in issue in a former suit between the same parties, or between parties under whom they or any of them claim, litigating under the same title, in a court competent to try such subsequent suit or the suit in which such issue has been subsequently raised, and has been heard and finally decided by such court.

The Message (1976 movie)

The Message ( Ar-Risālah means Prophecy; originally known as Mohammad, Messenger of God) is a 1976 Lebanese religious drama movie directed by Moustapha Akkad and starring Anthony Quinn, Irene Papas, Michael Ansara, Johnny Sekka, Michael Forest, André Morell, Martin Benson, Garrick Hagon, Damien Thomas, Earl Cameron, Neville Jason, Bruno Barnabe, Ronald Chenery. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1978.

Wadjda

Wadjda (, ) is a 2012 Saudi Arabian comedy-drama movie directed by first time director Haifaa al-Mansour and starring Reem Abdullah, Waad Mohammed, Ahd Kamel, Sultan Al Assaf.


Vinci SA

VINCI is a French construction company. It is based in Rueil-Malmaison, France. It has been created in 1899 as "Société Générale d’Entreprises".

In May 2019, Vinci acquired 50.01% of London Gatwick Airport.


David Reich

David Emil Reich (born July 14, 1974) is an American geneticist.

Reich is a genome archaeologist. This means he studies the genetics of ancient humans. He looks at patterns of mutations in the genome.

Reich is professor in the Department of Genetics at the Harvard Medical School, and also an associate of the Broad Institute.

Reich was noted in the journal "Nature" as one of the top 10 people in science in 2015.

Reich wrote the book "Who We Are and How We Got Here".

The Perfect Candidate

The Perfect Candidate is a 2019 Saudi Arabian German drama movie directed by Haifaa al-Mansour and starring Mila Al Zahrani, Nora Al Awadh, Dae Al Hilali.

Ahmad Sani Yerima

Ahmed Rufai Sani Yerima (born 22 July 1960) was Governor of Zamfara State, Nigeria and served as Senator for Zamfara West. He is a member of the All Progressives Congress (APC).

Yerima holds bachelor degree in economics from Bayero University Kano and masters degree in economics from same University.

Yerima began his career in the Budget Department of the Governor's office and also taught at the Borno College of Basic Studies, Maiduguri. He worked with Sokototo state civil service as an economic planning officer in the Ministry of Finan,ethen e worked witnumerousus Federal Government bodies, including the National Directorate of Employmen, and the Central Bank of Nigeria.

Farooq Kperogi

Farooq Adamu Kperogi (born 1973), is a Nigerian academic, media scholar, public speaker, newspaper columnist and professor of journalism. 

Mary Shelley (movie)

Mary Shelley, also known as A Storm in the Stars, is a 2017 biographical drama movie directed by Haifaa al-Mansour and starring Elle Fanning, Douglas Booth, Tom Sturridge, Bel Powley, Stephen Dillane, Maisie Williams, Joanne Froggatt, Derek Riddell, Hugh O'Connor.


Ammonium hydrosulfide

Ammonium hydrosulfide is a chemical compound. The formula is (NH)HS. It can be made by passing hydrogen sulfide gas through ammonia solution.


Moment of inertia factor

The moment of inertia factor is a dimensionless quantity where the mass distributes inside a planet or satellite. The moment of inertia factor is defined as formula_1,

Patson Daka

Patson Daka (born 9 October 1998) is a Zambian professional footballer who for Leicester City and Zambia. Before joining Leicester he played for Kafue Celtic from 2016 to 2017. From Kafue Celtic, he then joined Power Dynamos on loan for a year in and the following year he was loaned to Liefering. Daka joined Red Bull Salzburg from 2017 as a youth winger. He helped the club win the UEFA Youth League, scoring 2 goals in 2 games. He made his debut for Salzburg the following season against Viitorul Constanța on 24 August 2019. On 30th June 2021, Leicester City announced the signing of Daka on a five-year contract.




Brown hyaena

The brown hyaena ("Hyaena brunnea"), also called strandwolf, is a species of hyaena. It is found in Namibia, Botswana, western and southern Zimbabwe, southern Mozambique and South Africa.

It is the rarest species of hyaena. The largest remaining brown hyaena population is in the southern Kalahari Desert and coastal areas in Southwest Africa. 

The total population of brown hayaena is between 4,000 and 10,000 (IUCN). Its conservation status is 'near threatened' in the IUCN Red List.

Doraemon (2005 TV series)

Doraemon is a Japanese animated television/anime TV series based on 's and 's of the same name.

Adoptionscentrum

Adoptionscentrum is a Swedish NGO that has moved children out of Chile, so that they could be adopted in Sweden. Since 1969, approximately 25,000 children from about 60 countries have got a new family in Sweden.

Sveriges Television wrote that Adoptionscentrum has moved stolen children from Chile, and helped in having the children adopted in Sweden.

Adoptionscentrum said that the adoptions followed the laws of foreign countries, and followed the laws of Sweden.

In 2018, Aftonbladet wrote about kidnapped children from China, being moved while the politician Ulf Kristersson was the boss at Adoptionscentrum, from 2003 to 2005.

AMD Ryzen 9 3900X

The AMD Ryzen 9 3900X is a 12-core CPU by Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) that runs at 3.8 GHz, which can be boosted to 4.6 GHz. It has 64 MB L3 cache .

Gazpacho

Gazpacho is a cold soup made of raw vegetables. The popular dish is in Spain and Portugal, especially in hot summer. It originates from Andalusia in southern spain. Its main ingredient is ripe tomatoes. Fun fact: Gazpacho actually tastes better after leaving it for a couple of days.

Karol Bagh

Karol Bagh is a neighbourhood in Central Delhi district, India. It is a mixed residential and commercial neighbourhood known for its shopping streets.

Impetigore

Impetigore (; lit. "Woman of the Damned Land") is a 2019 Indonesian horror thriller movie directed by Joko Anwar and starring Tara Basro, Marissa Anita, Asmara Abigail, Christine Hakim, Ario Bayu, Teuku Rifnu Wikana.

The movie was filmed in the villages around Malang, Gempol, Lumbang, Bromo, Lumajang, Ijen, and Banyuwangi.


Red Dead Revolver

Red Dead Revolver is a Western themed video game. It is part of the "Red Dead" series.

Chaco tree frog

The Chaco tree frog or Roeschmann's tree frog ("Boana raniceps") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Paraguay, French Guiana, Colombia, Venezuela, Bolivia and Argentina.

Angel (1982 Irish movie)

Angel is a 1982 Irish drama movie directed by first time director Neil Jordan and starring Stephen Rea, Veronica Quilligan, Honor Heffernan, Alan Devlin, Peter Caffrey, Gerard McSorley, Ray McAnally.

Público

Público (; English: "Public") is a Portuguese national newspaper published every day in Lisbon, Portugal.

The paper sold 58,000 copies in 2003, making it the fourth most sold newspaper in Portugal at the time. 

In 2005 the paper sold 46,111 copies. 

In 2006, the paper sold 41,706 copies. 

In 2007 it was the fourth most sold Portuguese newspaper that year with it selling 42,000 copies. 

Its 2008 circulation was 42,527 copies. 

The paper sold 38,229 copies in 2009 and 35,137 copies in 2010. 

The paper sold 33,159 copies in 2011. 

The paper sold about 28,360 copies between September and October 2013.



Deutsches Museum

The Deutsches Museum von Meisterwerken der Naturwissenschaft und Technik, usually called Deutsches Museum is a museum focused on technology. It is located in Munich. By area, it is the biggest technical museum in the world. About 1.5 million people visit the museum, every year. About 28,000 objects are on display, from about 50 subject areas. It was first opened in 1925. It collaborates with Ludwig Maximilian Universität München, and TU München. The main site is located on an island in the river Isar. Oskar von Miller founded the museum. One of the concepts of the museum is to help visitors discover new technology, or how things work. For this reason, the phrase ""In diesem Museum darf jeder machen, was ich will"" (In this museum, everyone may do what I want) is visible near the entrance.

William Howe

General William Howe, William Howe, 5th Viscount Howe (1729-1814) was a British fighter. He fought in the Seven Years' War, American Revolutionary War and British action in the French Revolution.

Howe was born in Nottinghamshire in 1729. His parents were Emmanuel and Charlotte Howe. He had three brothers, George, Richard, and Thomas. Howe's mother Charlotte was related to the royal family. Her mother was Sophia von Kielmannsegg, King George I's half-sister.

Emmaneul Howe died when William Howe was five years old. He died while he was governor of Barbados. His mother Charlotte was Lady of the Bedchamber to King George III's mother, Princess Augusta. Her own mother was King George I's half-sister, from his father and another woman.

George Howe went into the army and became a general. Richard Howe went into the navy and became Fleet Admiral. Thomas Howe worked for the East India Company. William Howe went to Eton as a boy. When he was seventeen, he joined the army.

William Howe bought a commission, meaning he paid to get a job, as an officer. He started in the army as a dragoon officer. He fought in the War of Austrian Succession, in Flanders.

Howe came to North America during the Seven Years' War (French and Indian War). He helped the British take French Canada. He fought battles at Montreal and Belle Ile and Havana. By the end of the war, he was a lieutenant colonel and adjunct general.

After the Seven Years' War, in 1758, Howe was a member of the British Pariliament. He voted for the British government to not treat the American colonies badly. He also wrote training books for the army.

Howe went back into the army when King George III told him to.

In 1775, Howe won the Battle of Bunker Hill for the British. He led the men himself. Then he was named Commander in Chief of the British Army in America. In 1776, he won the Battle of Long Island and made George Washington and the Continental Army run away from New York City.

Then Howe decided to capture Philadelphia. At the time, Philadelphia was the capital. Howe won the Battle of Brandywine, the Battle of the Clouds, and the Battle of Paoli. The British army then controlled Philadelphia. Then Howe won the Battle of Germantown to stop the Continental Army from taking it back.

However, because Howe was taking Philadelphia, he could not go north to help General Burgoyne take control of the Hudson Valley. The Continental Army, led by Benedict Arnold and Horatio Gates, beat Burgoyne at the Battle of Saratoga.

In 1778, Howe resigned from the British Army in America. He sailed back to England.

Howe fought for the British again in Spain and in the French Revolution. He stopped fighting in 1803 and died in 1814.

Howe married Francis Connelly. They did not have children.

Heilsbronn

Heilsbronn () is a town in Ansbach, a district ("Landkreis") in Middle Franconia, in the wooded valley of the Rangau. Its hallmark is the "Katharinenturm", a medieval tower.

Herrieden

Herrieden (; East Franconian: "Herriaden") is a town in Ansbach, a district ("Landkreis") in Middle Franconia. It lies along the upper Altmühl river, about (6 mi) southwest of the city of Ansbach, southwest of the city of Nürnberg, east of Heilbronn and northwest of Munich. 

The first recorded settlement of Herrieden was a monastery called Hasenried (Latin "Nazaruda") in 782.


Austenasia

Austenasia, also known as the self-proclaimed Empire of Austenasia, is a micronation, founded by Jonathan I and headquartered in his home in the London Borough of Sutton.

Austenasia is made up of the emperor's house and 24 properties around the world. The micronation sold coins to celebrate its tenth anniversary. 


Jalaun district

Jalaun district is a district of Uttar Pradesh, India. The district is named after the town of Jalaun, which was the former headquarters of a Maratha governor, but the administrative headquarters of the district is at Orai. Other major towns in the district are Konch, Kalpi, and Madhogarh,

Jalaun District is a part of the Jhansi Division. The district has an area of 4,565 km², and a population of 1,689,974 (2011 census), and a population density of 370 persons per km².

The district lies entirely within the level plains of Bundelkhand, north of the hill country, and is almost surrounded by the Yamuna River, which forms the northern boundary of the district, and its tributaries the Betwa, which forms the southern boundary of the district, and the Pahuj, which forms the western boundary. The central region thus enclosed is a dead level of cultivated land, almost destitute of trees, and dotted with villages. The southern portion presents an almost unbroken sheet of cultivation. The Non River flows through the centre of the district, which it drains by innumerable small ravines.

The districts of Etawah and Kanpur lie to the north across the Yamuna, while Hamirpur District lies to the east and southeast, Jhansi District lies to the southeast, and Bhind District of Madhya Pradesh lies to the west cross the Pahuj.

The district has been under severe drought for the last four years with the average rainfall being about 399 mm which is way behind the average of about 800 mm.

David Beasley

David Muldrow Beasley (born February 26, 1957) is an American politician. He was the executive director of the United Nations World Food Programme. He is a member of the Republican Party and was the 113th governor of South Carolina from 1995 until 1999.

Beasley served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1975 to 1995. He was a Democrat before becoming a Republican in 1991.

Beasley was born in Darlington, South Carolina. He is married to Mary Wood Payne. He lives in Rome, Lazio, Italy.

Maharaja Suraj Mal

Maharaja Suraj Mal (13 February 1707 – 25 December 1763) or Sujan Singh, was a Hindu Jat ruler of Bharatpur in Rajasthan, India. Under him, the Jat rule covered the present-day districts of the national capital Delhi and districts of Agra, Aligarh, Alwar, Bharatpur, Bulandshahr, Dholpur, Etah, Etawa, Faridabad, Firozabad, Ghaziabad, Gurgaon, Hathras, Jhajjar, Kanpur, Mainpuri, Mathura, Mewat, Meerut, Muzaffarnagar, Palwal, Rewari, Saharanpur and Rohtak. In addition to the troops stationed at his forts, he had an army of 25,000 infantry and 15,000 cavalry when he died. Most of his campaigns were against the Mughal Empire whose authority in North India had weakened heavily due to the constant Maratha raids and conquests. Maharaja Suraj Mal took this opportunity to form the Hindu Jat kingdom with its capital at Bharatpur in Rajasthan. He captured the Mughal garrison of Agra. He removed the Jizya tax on Hindus imposed by the Mughals.

Windows Live Essentials

Windows Live Essentials is a discontinued collection of office software developed and published by Microsoft. It was released on August 25, 2006. Platform that supported it were Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8. It was no longer available for Windows 8.1 in 2013. Windows Live Essentials was officially discontinued on January 10, 2017.

Windows Live Essentials consists of 8 programs, Windows Live Mail, Windows Live Writer, Windows Live Messenger, Windows Live Hotmail, Windows Live Photo Gallery, Windows Live Meeting Space and Windows Live Calendar.

The first version for Windows Live Essentials was released on August 27, 2001 for Windows XP.

Windows Live Essentials 2009 was released on July 13, 2009 in Windows 7.

Windows Live Essentials 2011 was released on November 10, 2010 for Windows 7, replacing Windows Live Essentials 2009.

Windows Live Essentials 2012 was released on January 7, 2012 for Windows 8.

In January 8, 2014, Microsoft announced all Windows Live programs had reached the end of their support lifecycles. In January 5, 2015. Windows Live Photo Gallery and Windows Live Mail was discontinued for Windows Vista. All Windows Live Essentials programs are discontinued as of January 10, 2017.


Pac-Man 99

The game was shut down on October, 8, 2023.
Part of its "Pac-Man" franchise, its gameplay involves up to 99 players competing at the same time, similar to "Tetris 99" and "Super Mario Bros. 35", which is another battle royale game which has since been discontinued. Players control Pac-Man through an enclosed maze, eating dots on the board and avoiding coloured ghosts that go after them. Eating power pellets causes the ghosts to turn blue and become edible; eating ghosts sends enemies called "Jammer Pac-Man" to another opponent in an attempt to slow them down and get them out of the game. The game features downloadable content that includes offline play and additional skins, with some based on other Namco games, but you must pay for it. This game cannot be played without a Nintendo online subscription and after October 8th, a DLC (Will be taken off stores)

Pac-Man 99 received a 76 out of 100 on review collector Metacritic, indicating "generally favourable reviews".

Sireethorn Leearamwat

Sireethorn Leearamwat (born 4 December 1993) is a Thai model, pharmacist and Miss International 2019. She is the first woman from Thailand to win Miss International. She is also Miss Thailand 2019.

Sireethorn Leearamwat was born in Bangkok, Thailand. She studied at Mahidol University, where she got a Bachelo degree in Pharmacy. After finishing the university, she worked as a pharmacist.

Kevin Liliana

Lilliana Junaedy (born 5 January 1996) is an Indonesian beauty model, winner of Miss International 2017. She is the first woman from Indonesia to hold this title.

Lilliana was born on 5 January 1996 in Bandung in a family of China and Indonesia origin. She has a younger brother Audi Danendra. 

On February 2, 2020, Lilliana married Oskar Mahendra. 

She has a daughter. 

Child theft

Abduction of a child, or informally known as child theft, is when someone takes away a minor from the child's parents or legal guardian. A minor is a child younger than the legal age of an adult. 

The most common kind of child abduction is when parents take their children, in what is also called parental child abduction. In 2010, that happened 200,000 times in the United States. This often happens when a marriage breaks up.

The exact legal situation is very complex, and varies between countries. All countries have laws defining legal adulthood, and most have laws about age of sexual maturity (age when young people may decide for themselves about their sexual activities with other people), and laws about drinking alcohol and other activities. Also, there are usually laws about abduction or kidnapping by strangers (people unknown to the child). 

Sir Henry Clinton

Sir Henry Clinton (1730-1795) was a British fighter. He fought in the American Revolutionary War. He was also a member of the British Parliament

Clinton was born in 1730 in Newfoundland, Canada. His father was Admiral George Clinton, who was friends with the Duke of Newcastle. George Clinton was governor of New York Colony starting in the 1741, and Henry Clinton went to New York Colony in 1743.

When he was 15 years old, Henry Clinton joined the New York Colonial Militia. In 1749, he had a captain's commission and went to Britain.

During the Seven Years' War (French and Indian War), Clinton started as a captain of the Coldstream Guards and later became a lieutenant colonel.

Henry Clinton was aide de camp, or army assistant, to the Prince Brunswick from 1760 to 1762. He learned how German soldiers fought.

Henry Clinton became one of the few North-American-born British citizens to become a member of the British Parliament. He served from 1772. He also became a major general.

In 1775, Clinton fought in the Battle of Bunker Hill and won. In 1776, he fought in the Battle of Long Island and had ideas about how to defeat the Continental Army in New York City. The ideas worked, and George Washington and the Continental Army ran away to New Jersey. He was knighted for winning battles in New York.

In 1778, Clinton became General in charge of all the British army in America. He decided to fight mostly near the Atlantic Ocean. He took troops out of Philadelphia and sent them to New York instead. Most of the battles in the later part of the war were in the South, but Clinton stayed in New York and fought in the Hudson Valley.

In June 1778, Clinton made the Philipsburg Proclamation, which said all slaves who joined the British military would be freed.

In 1780, Clinton began communicating with Benedict Arnold, a Continental soldier who wanted to change sides to the British. Clinton, Arnold, and John Andre started a plan for Arnold to give West Point to the British. The plan stopped when Andre was caught as a spy.

Many Britons blamed Clinton for losing the war. Clinton stayed a member of the British Parliament until 1784. He was offered the job of governor of Gibraltar in 1793, but he died before he could do it.

Clinton married Harriet Carter in 1767. At the time, she was twenty years old. She died in 1772 after having a baby.

Maren Morris

Maren Morris (born April 10, 1990) is an American singer.

Her album, "Hero", reached number five on the "Billboard" 200 chart and number one on the Top Country Albums chart, in the United States. The album is her fourth studio album.

Morris was born in Arlington, Texas 



Micael Borges

Micael Leandro Faria Borges (born December 12, 1988) is a Brazilian actor and singer. He began his career in 2001 in the film "Copacabana", and became known in 2002 by acting in "City of God" and gained fame in soap operas "Young Hearts" in 2009 and "Rebelde Brasil" in 2011, who was one of the protagonists of the group. Micael dated Sophia Abrahão.

Borges was born in Rio de Janeiro. 

Boana pugnax

The Chirique-Flusse tree frog ("Boana pugnax") is a frog that lives in Panama, Colombia, and Venezuela. Scientists have seen it as high as 500 meters above sea level.

Letters from Prague

Letters from Prague () is a 2016 Indonesian musical drama movie directed by Angga Dwimas Sasongko and starring Tio Pakusadewo, Julie Estelle, Widyawati, Rio Dewanto.

List of Chinese writers

This is a list of noted or famous Chinese writers. (The list is sorted by when they died; those who are alive, are farther down the list.)










Hot Shots Golf (1997 video game)

Hot Shots Golf known in Japan as and PAL region called Everybody's Golf is a first game in the "Hot Shots Golf" series. It was developed by Camelot Software Planning, before Clap Hanz replaced as the second developer, also published by Sony Computer Entertainment.

The "Hot Shots Golf" series has been followed by a sequel, titled "Hot Shots Golf 2". Released in 1999, and worldwide in 2000 on the same console.

Hot Shots Golf (2017 video game)

New Hot Shots Golf known as New Everybody's Golf is a sports video game developed by Clap Hanz and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. It is the twelefth installment of "Hot Shots Golf" series, releases worldwide for PlayStation 4. Unlike the original series was developed by Camelot Software Planning, the new series featured character costumization, online play, and the ability for free roam, and also for the first time, players can drive among golf carts anywhere around the course.


Hot Shots Golf Fore!

Hot Shots Golf Fore! known in Japan as , Everybody's Golf in Europe and Everybody's Golf 2004 in Australia is the golf video game. This is the Fourth installment of "Hot Shots Golf" series, which a secret golfer n amed Ratchet rom "Rachet & Clank" series, and Jak from "Jak and Daxter" series will be appeared. Also in Japanese and European version Pipo Monkey (as secret caddie) from "Ape Escape" series.

Yang Jisheng

Yang Jisheng (born November 1940) is a Chinese journalist and author.

He wrote the book "Tombstone" (墓碑), about the Great Chinese Famine during the Great Leap Forward. He also wrote "The World Turned Upside Down" (天地翻覆), a history of the Cultural Revolution. Yang joined the Communist Party in 1964 His loyalty to the party was broken by the 1989 Tiananmen Square massacre. Although he continued working for the Xinhua News Agency, he spent much of his time researching for "Tombstone". As of 2008, he was the deputy editor of the journal "Yanhuang Chunqiu" in Beijing. As of 2007, Yang Jisheng is on the list of those who are Fellow of China Media Project, a department under Hong Kong University.



Chepstow Castle

Chepstow Castle is in Monmouthshire, South Wales.

Building was started in 1067 by Earl William fitz Osbern, close friend of William the Conqueror, making it one of the first Norman strongholds in Wales. In turn William Marshal (Earl of Pembroke), Roger Bigod (Earl of Norfolk) and Charles Somerset (Earl of Worcester) all made their mark before the castle declined after the Civil War.

Chepstow Castle has three baileys, the lowest being added in the 13th century CE, and reaches a length of 213 meters (700 ft) which presents an imposing arrangement of crenelated walls with round and square towers. The castle's multiple building phases are clearly indicated by the different colours of the stonework: grey limestone and red or yellow sandstone. The walls are around 12 metres (40 ft) high and, on the safer cliff edge, are just 0.91 metres (3 ft) thick while those elsewhere are 2.97 metres (9.75 ft) thick.

Today, Chepstow Castle is open to the public and managed by CADW, the Historic Environment department of the Welsh Assembly Government. The castle has suffered over the centuries but it remains well-preserved in parts and is of great interest to historians as it has not suffered any misguided restorations which might have masked its original medieval features.

Rudolf Steiner

Rudolf Steiner (27 February 1861 – 30 March 1925) was an Austrian founder of anthroposophy, esotericist and social reformer. His important work was "The Philosophy of Freedom". Under his leadership, Goetheanum was built.

Steiner created his own unique approach to education. It is called Waldorf Education. Waldorf Education uses drawing, acting, and storytelling to help teach the students.

Rudolph Steiner was born in Kraljevec, Austria in 1861. Steiner studied at the Vienna Technical College, where he educated himself in the philosophies of Goethe and Nietzche.

Army Radio

Army Radio () or Galei Tzahal, known in Israel by its shorter name Galatz (), is an Israeli radio network owned and ran by the Israel Defense Forces. The station makes and publishes news, music, updates about traffic and teaching programs to the general public as well as to make people laugh and army news magazines for soldiers. The network has one bigger station, which is the main one, and another smaller station they own - "Galgalatz" (Hebrew: גלגל"צ) - that shows (mostly in English and Hebrew) music and updates about traffic all day in Hebrew. The workers include both soldiers and civilians.

Treehouse of Horror XV

"Treehouse of Horror XV" is the first episode of "The Simpsons" sixteenth season. It is the 15th episode of the "Treehouse of Horror" series. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on November 7, 2004. The episode has three parts: "The Ned Zone", "Four Beheadings and a Funeral", and "In the Belly of the Boss".

Anna (1970 movie)

Anna is a 1970 Finnish Swedish movie directed by Jörn Donner and starring Harriet Andersson, Pertti Melasniemi, Marja Packalén.

The Daughter Also Rises

"The Daughter Also Rises" is the thirteenth episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons". 


Athaulf

Athaulf was a king of the Visigoths from 411 to 415. The Visigothic state became a major power of Late Antiquity. 

Federal Way, Washington

Federal Way is a city in the state of Washington.

Lakewood, Washington

Lakewood is a city in the state of Washington. 58,163 people lived here at the 2010 census.

Spokane Valley, Washington

Spokane Valley is a city in the state of Washington.

Fantastic Planet

Fantastic Planet (, , lit. "The Wild Planet") is a 1973 French Czech science fiction adult animated movie directed by René Laloux and was based on the 1957 novel "Oms en série" by Stefan Wul. It is about life of humans on a fantastic planet inhabited by giant blue humanoids. The humans are considered aliens.


Ailsa (movie)

Ailsa is a 1994 Irish drama movie directed by first time director Paddy Breathnach and starring Brendon Coyle, Andrea Irvine, Juliette Gruber, Blanaid Irvine.

Vasca Votiva

Vasca Votiva, or Noceto Vasca Votiva, is an archaeological feature in northern Italy. The archaeologists studying this feature think it is a votive or sacred tank.
The structure is on the top of a hill, near the town of Noceto in the Po (river) valley. It was found in 2004. Using dendrochrology and radiocarbon dating, archaeologists have calculated that the structure was built in 1432 BC (plus or minus 4 years). The Vasca Votiva was a tank lined with logs and boards. The structure is 12 meters by 7 meters and about 3 meters deep. The scientists know it contained water because there were layers of sediment in it. Because there are no channels for water to flow out, the scientists think it had a ritual, or religious function. The intentional depositing of ceramic vessels supports this interpretation. The period when the structure was built was the Bronze Age. At this time, the culture of this region, the Terramare culture was changing a lot. The society was changing from mostly individual little farms to larger communities. Plowing and irrigation were increasingly used.

There were many artifacts that had been placed in the tank at different times. These were made of stone, wood, other plant material, and fired clay. The archaeologists recovered "about 150 whole vases, 25 miniature vessels, 7 clay figurines, numerous examples of baskets, handles or bands, spindles, shovels and four plows or parts of these made of wood or other vegetal tissue"

Interestingly, there was an older tank underneath. It had been built about ten years earlier. It had collapsed during or shortly after construction. Some of its materials were re-used in the later tank.

Lier

Lier may refer to:

Dublin, Pennsylvania

Dublin is a borough in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,177 people live in Dublin.

Dublin, Indiana

Dublin is a town in Indiana in the United States.

Marsanne, Drôme

Marsanne is a commune in the Drôme department. It is in southeastern France.

It was the birthplace of Émile Loubet (1838–1929), 7th President of the French Republic.

Montélimar

Montélimar is a commune in the Drôme department. It is in southeastern France.

Montélimar is twinned with:

Adetokunbo Kayode

Adetokunbo Kayode is a Nigerian politician, corporate lawyer, tax expert, former minister of tourism, culture and National Orientation, and international arbitrator.

Kayode obtained LLB law at the University of Lagos, Nigeria Law School, Lagos.

Dublin, New Hampshire

Dublin is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,532 people live in Dublin.

Saint-Aubin-Rivière

Saint-Aubin-Rivière is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Blimont

Saint-Blimont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Christ-Briost

Saint-Christ-Briost is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

San Luis, Arizona

San Luis is a city in Yuma County, Arizona, United States. At the 2020 census, 35,257 people lived here. It is part of the Yuma Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!

Wow! Wow! Wubbzy! is an American animated children's television series created by Bob Boyle. It aired on Nick Jr. The show follows a yellow gerbil named Wubbzy, and his 3 friends: Widget, the pink rabbit; Walden, the purple bear; and Daizy, the aquamarine dog living in the town of Wuzzleburg. The fun never ends.

2 seasons were produced, totaling 52 episodes (each consisting of two segments). Starz Media owns and distributes the series, and select episodes were aired on the Starz channel. The show has received an Emmy Award, a KidScreen Best TV Movie award (for "Wubb Idol", starring Beyoncé), and a Telly award.

The show follows a yellow gerbil named Wubbzy, and his 3 friends: Widget, a pink rabbit who is a builder; Walden, a purple bear who is a brainiac; and Daizy, an aquamarine dog who grows plants. They live in the town of Wuzzleburg. The fun never ends.




In UK and Australia, Season 1, Volumes 1–2 (Episodes 1–14, and 15–26) were released as season DVD boxes; these were not released in the United States.

Starz's now-defunct subsidiary, Anchor Bay Entertainment (Lionsgate Home Entertainment) has released 21 DVD compilations, the first of which was released on September 23, 2008.

Copyright has been owned by Starz, The show first premiered on Nickelodeon on 2006, then on Starz on Starz Kids on Family on 2007. Their type was owned by Starz and ViacomCBS, The show is also set on DSN on December 24, 2009, On 2013, Viacom copyrighted this show below for kids, Wow Wow Wubbzy was educational for kids and learning by Bob Boyle.

The show also premiered on Discovery Kids in 2014 and on Dante Kids and Family with copyright with this show airing on 9 countries, It also premiered on ABC Kids on Australia on December 27, 2015.

Uba Sani

Uba Sani (born 31 December 1970) is a Nigerian politician and the current senator for Kaduna Central senatorial district of Kaduna State.

He obtained his Higher National Diploma in mechanical engineering from Kaduna State Polytechnic.

List of doping cases in sport

This is a list of sports-people who did doping in sport. 

Stearic acid

Stearic acid is a type of saturated fatty acid. Its chain is 18 carbon atoms long. It is commonly found in animal fats such as tallow or butter. Its name comes from the Greek word στέαρ ""stéar"", which means tallow. It is the second most common saturated fat type in the United States.

Palmitic acid

Palmitic acid is a type of saturated fatty acid. Its chain is 16 carbon atoms long. It is commonly found in some animal products and palm oil. It is commonly eaten in the United States.

List of doping cases in athletics

This is a list of sportspeople in athletics who have done doping in sport.

Coaches have also helped sportspeople to do doping (in athletics). Coaches who got punishment, were Trevor Graham (in 2008 he got a lifetime ban), and Alberto Salazar (banned in 2019, for 4 years) and others.

Myristic acid

Myristic acid is a type of saturated fatty acid. Its chain is 14 carbon atoms long. It is usually found in some oils such as coconut oil and palm kernel oil. Other foods such as dairy milk have very small amounts of it.

Yokel Hero

"Yokel Hero" is the 14th episode of the thirty-second season of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", and the 698th overall. It aired in the United States on Fox on March 7, 2021.

Peggy Shippen

Margaret "Peggy" Shippen Arnold was an American woman from Philadelphia. She helped Benedict Arnold go to the British army during the American Revolutionary War.

Peggy was born in 1760 to Edward Shippen IV and his wife, Margaret Francis. The Shippens were a powerful family in Philadelphia.

During the American Revolutionary War, Shippen's parents tried to stay neutral. Her older sister Elizabeth married a colonel in the Continental Army. When the British Army occupied Philadelphia, Peggy Shippen made friends with Major John André. They wrote letters back and forth to each other after André left Philadelphia.

In 1779, when she was nineteen years old, Peggy Shippen married Benedict Arnold, a general in the Continental Army. Later, Arnold decided to defect, or change sides, and fight for the British instead. Historians do not know whether Peggy Shippen tried to get him to make this decision, but she helped him after he did. Shippen helped him meet with John André and then sent letters between the two men using codes. Shippen helped Arnold become the commander of West Point so he could trade it to the British Army.

When Arnold was caught, Peggy helped him escape and destroyed evidence. When George Washington and Alexander Hamilton showed up at West Point, she pretended that she had not known about Arnold's plan. She pretended to be surprised and upset. She pretended so well that both Washington and Hamilton believed her.

Peggy was not put in jail, but the city council of Philadelphia told Shippen she could not live there any more. She went to New York City, which the British Army held at the time.

After the British Army surrendered at the Battle of Yorktown, Benedict Arnold and Peggy moved to London. The king and queen liked Peggy. King George III gave her £350 for helping the army and Queen Charlotte gave her a yearly payment of £100.
Peggy Shippen went back to Philadelphia for a visit in 1791. People there did not like her, and some even protested. When Benedict Arnold died in 1803, Shippen found she owed money to many people. Peggy Shippen died in 1804.

Shippen is a character in the television series "Turn". In the series, she has a romance with John André.

2003 London blackout

The 2003 London blackout was a major Blackout that occurred in parts of south London and north-west Kent in England on 28 August 2003. It was the largest blackout in South East England since the Great storm of 1987, affecting over 500,000 people.

It was first reported power had went down at 18:15 British Summer Time. Power returned about 34 minutes later and some trains started operating again, but is reported to have taken about two hours to come back to working again in some areas. By 7pm, most trains started running again.

National Grid would say the problem was because of a failed machine at a Hurst building in South East London that helped with power, which caused some alarms.

The blackout caused tube trains to stop. It also caused about 17,000 people to be stuck, with computers not knowing where the Tube trains were, which was dangerous. By the next day, the Tube started mostly going on as before again.

Leutershausen

Leutershausen (; East Franconian: "Laidscháusn") is a municipality in Ansbach, a district ("Landkreis") in Middle Franconia. It is on the river Altmühl, west of Ansbach.



Sainte-Segrée

Sainte-Segrée is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Le Vésinet

Le Vésinet is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. In 2018, 15,865 people lived there.

The commune is in the western suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Ermont

Ermont is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France. About 28,000 people lived in this commune.

The commune is in the northern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Saint-Fuscien

Saint-Fuscien is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

List of Hong Kong people

This is a list of noted or famous people from Hong Kong. (The list is sorted by when they died; those who are alive, are farther down the list.)




Saint-Germain-sur-Bresle

Saint-Germain-sur-Bresle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Issoudun

Issoudun is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Indre department in central France.

La Châtre

La Châtre is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Indre department in central France.

Saint-Gratien, Somme

Saint-Gratien is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

International Exhibition of Nothing

International Exhibition of Nothing (Esposizione internazionale del Niente) was a modern art and conceptual movement which originated in Italy in the early 20th century. It was largely an Italian phenomenon, based on nothing, on emptiness, on the invisible, the pieces are an ""empty space".

The Publishing manifestos of "International Exhibition of Nothing" has been a feature of the invisible art movement led by Piero Manzoni.

International Exhibition of Nothing is an exhibition invented in 1960 by a group of artists including Piero Manzoni, Enrico Castellani, Carl Laszlo, Heinz Mack, in which an exhibition of invisible works was represented, the exhibition will then be exhibited again a year later in the Netherlands.
In 2015, the exhibition is once again held in Milan in collaboration with the Manzoni Foundation, also exhibited the original "Manifesto" of the time, which was published in Basel in 1960.





Pierogi

Pierogi are a type of dumpling from Eastern Europe. Pierogi are made by wrapping unleavened dough (dough without yeast) around a savoury or sweet filling and cooking in boiling water. They are often then pan-fried before serving. They are often filled with potato, quark, sauerkraut, ground meat, mushrooms, or fruits.

The Forbidden Door

The Forbidden Door () is a 2009 Indonesian psychological horror movie directed by Joko Anwar and was based on the novel by Sekar Ayu Asmara. It stars Fachri Albar, Marsha Timothy, Ario Bayu, Tio Pakusadewo, Rio Dewanto, Atiqah Hasiholan.

Kerry cattle

Kerry cattle ( or "Buinín") are a type of dairy cattle breed. They are native to Ireland. They are thought to be a very rare European breed. This breed is mainly used for dairy. The climate of southwestern Ireland was suitable for milk production all year, and the Celts also stored milk in the form of cheese and butter.

Their coat is almost entirely black, with a little white on the udder. The horns are whitish with dark tips, but they usually have their horns removed. Cows weigh about and produce of milk per lactation. The milk can be well used for making cheese, butter and yoghurt.

Usina tree frog

The Usina tree frog or Lund's frog ("Boana lundii") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Xu Xu

Xu Xu, aka Hsu Yu (), was the pen name of Xu Boxu (; 11 November 1908 – 5 October 1980), a Chinese writer. 
He was born in Cixi in the coastal province of Zhejiang. Xu Xu went to Peking University between 1927 and 1932 where he studied philosophy and psychology. In 1932, he moved to Shanghai where he had contact with Lin Yutang. He later moved to Hong Kong.

Xu Xu wrote the wartime novel "The Rustling Wind". It was printed (as a series) in the wartime newspaper "Enemy Annihilation" (掃蕩報), in 1943.

Between 1956 and 1961, Xu Xu published his major work, the novel "River of Fury" (江湖行). It is a bildungsroman. In 1972, the novel was turned into a martial arts movie under the same name, and produced by Shaw Brothers Studio.

Alexander Kristoff

Alexander Kristoff (born July 5, 1987) is a Norwegian road bicycle racer. He currently rides for the cycling team UCI WorldTeam UAE Team Emirates.

He won a bronze medal in the road race at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

In the Grand Tour races, he won the Stages 12 and 15 of the 2014 Tour de France, the Stage 21 of the 2018 Tour de France and the Stage 1 of the 2020 Tour de France.

Det brenner i natt!

Det brenner i natt! is a 1955 Norwegian drama movie directed by Arne Skouen and starring Claes Gill, Elisabeth Bang, Harald Heide Steen, Gudrun Waadeland, Thor Hjorth-Jenssen, Helge Essmar, Harald Aimarsen.

Saint-Léger-lès-Authie

Saint-Léger-lès-Authie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Léger-lès-Domart

Saint-Léger-lès-Domart is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Léger-sur-Bresle

Saint-Léger-sur-Bresle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Originally named Saint-Léger-le-Pauvre, the commune was renamed Saint-Léger-sur-Bresle in 1956.

Saint-Mard, Somme

Saint-Mard is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Little Charley Bear

Little Charley Bear is a 3D-CGI-animated television series created by Daniel Pickering. Narrated by James Corden, "Little Charley Bear" takes viewers on a journey into the world of let's pretend, where anything is possible. "Little Charley Bear" made its television debut in January 2011 on CBeebies. The show has been sold into more than 80 territories.

In 2012, a one off stage version was made, "Little Charley Bear and His Christmas Adventure" written and directed by Brian Herring.

In 2013, DreamWorks Animation bought the rights to Chapman Entertainment's library and children's shows.

In 2020 Little Charley Bear official YouTube channel was launched, with all 52 episodes available.


The Aka-Champion

The Aka-Champion (JP: THE 赤ちゃんぴおん〜COME ON BABY〜/KO: 컴온 베이비) is a Party game, developed by Expotato and published by D3Publisher, which was released in Japan in December 29, 2005. In Korea published by Sony Computer Entertainment, which was release on June 30, 2006.

"The Aka-Champion" is a party with mini-game elements.


Wentzville, Missouri

Wentzville is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri. The city is a suburb for St. Louis. It was founded in 1855. In 2020, there were 44,372 people living in the city. It has a tobacco factory.

Baldr Bullet: Equilibrium

Baldr Bullet: Equilibrium is an Action game, developed by TGL and published by Alchemist, which was released in Japan in October 25, 2007.

Sometime in the near future, the South American rain forest serves as the backdrop of a war between two factions - those who support the Baldr governing technology and those who don't. To ensure that the skirmishes and conflicts don't expand, the BS-OSA or Baldr System - Observation Structure Army is set up to police the region. Inside the Army is a special unit known as SERR14 (Observation Structure Army South American Experimental Riot Regiment the 14th) which is comprised of elite soldiers and operatives such as Sergey Kirkland and Dullahan Cuningham. 

An era in which the world is managed by the computer network "Baldr system". There was a long and insidious war between the system-believing baldist and the dangerous anti-baldist. The story begins when a young officer is assigned to the 14th Experimental Launch Regiment for South America of the Baldr System Surveillance Army "BS-OSA", which was established as a shock absorbing material for both parties.

The game progresses in two modes: an adventure mode in which the text is read and the development is decided according to the options, and a battle mode in which the robot weapon HAWS is operated to fight.

HAWS has a wide variety of weapons, and you can select 12 types of weapons, 3 for each of the 4 types of attack methods: long-range, short-range, dash, and short dash. This combination of equipment allows for a variety of continuous attacks, but if the heat gauge that rises with each attack is full, you will not be able to use your weapon and you will have to wait for the gauge to decrease. By using the equipment in battle, you can get the benefits of improving power, reducing the amount of heat gauge rise, and developing new weapons.

The cast is in the order of PC remake version / PS2 from the left

Sergei Kirkland

Voice: None / Hidemitsu Shimizu

The main character of this work. A competent non-commissioned officer assigned to BS-OSA and SERR14 from the Russian Special Forces, he will belong to the D Battalion Special Mobile Squadron / HAWS Platoon. He had a strong anti-Baldist father and grew up in such a family style, but he is non-political. I am devoting myself to hacking such as customization on the software side. The aircraft is HAWS-MG, which is the basic type of humanoid weapon.

Rebecca Prusienko

Voice: Miru / Kanako Sakai

Professional military personnel with a strong volunteer spirit. She is a so-called honor student type woman who believes that she will become a human being all over the world by doing her best and devotes herself to her duties. He has a bright and energetic personality. The aircraft is an agile HAWS-BT (Horse Betty).

Faye Marina

Voice: Konami Ohnami / Yuko Miyamura

A fierce man who is good at fighting, he mechanizes the whole body except for a part of the brain. He hates terrorists and the Baldr system, and indirectly throws himself into an organization that is hostile to the Baldr system. The aircraft is a heavyweight HAWS-LC (Hose Lucy).

Yoo Young Ha

Voice: Ichigo Momoi / Naomi Shindo

In addition to transporting HAWS carriers to the battle zone, he started HAWS and was in charge of repairing and refueling damaged areas. He is the heart of the HAWS platoon and the mechanized platoon, and is called "Ofukurosan" with respect by HAWS riders. He doesn't want to be called that, but he doesn't seem to be crazy. It seems that he has no special feelings about the Baldr system. I am on good terms with Theresia.

Aso Natsume

Voice: Yu Ochi / Haruko Momoi

He has a deep knowledge of cybernetics and cybernetics, is in charge of maintenance of Faye, and is also a professional in cybernetics and the mental care derived from it. He is also familiar with old anime and manga. Manipulate the Osaka dialect. It does not show any overt hostility to the Baldr system, but it seems that it is planning something.

Theresia Anissina

Voice: Momoka Shizuno / Kaori Nazuka

A girl who seems to be a civilian who appears in the base. He often takes care of flowers behind the dormitory and has become a mascot for everyone. Brigadier General Lena Buttiliskaya is called "Mama".

Kana Abitbol

Voice: An Kasuga / Houko Kuwashima

A mysterious girl of unknown affiliation. Basic conversation is done by gestures. He is also modest in his remarks and lacks independence.

Dullahan Cunningham

Voice: Koji Ishii / Joji Nakata

A genuine military man, a HAWS rider who is in the high rank category. He is also a legendary figure who showed superhuman activity in the Port Island conflict. The aircraft is HAWS-MG.

Stephen Bernandez

Voice: TAGOSAKU / / Tomoichi Toriyama

A genius hacker with a PhD in the field of mathematics and electronics. I prefer to use the language form used in "a region" of NET before the old century.

Sortia Windy

Voice: GUNTA / Ami Higasayama

A corporal who infiltrates the enemy's camp deeply on any battlefield, gets information and returns safely, so he is nicknamed "Undeath". Contrary to his excellence, he has a weak personality and reports while crying halfway.

Lena Buttilis Kaya

Voice: Yuki-Lin / Kikuko Inoue

He is the commander of the SERR14 regiment and is a brigadier general. It's so cold and dignified that you can't think of a strange-aged woman.

Xiao Marie McNamara

Voice: Sakuya / Asami Sanada

A secretary who was seconded from HAWS development company Jahanam, not a military personnel. Leader of three daughters.

Henna Prakash

Voice: Karen Kusano / Momoko Saito

A petite child of three clerical daughters.

Serena Gerdi

Voice: Ren Minazuki / Fumie Mizusawa

A gentle child of three clerical daughters.

Rosa O'Brien

Voice: Miki Takakura / Miki Ito

Psychological stability room manager. She is dressed like a church sister, but denies being called that. In this era, the significance of religion has diminished due to the benefits of the Baldr system, and there seems to be something to think about such a trend.

Yuha Thezerak

Voice: Mai Sato / Megumi Toyoguchi

Army surgeon. Being a young woman, Sergei initially thought she was a nurse.

Anti-personnel landmines

Voice: Kanako Sakai

PS2 version only appeared.

Original picture: Seiji Kikuchi

PC remake version theme song: Emphatic -REVELLION-

Lyrics / Composition / Arrangement: a.k.a.dRESS (ave; new)

Song: ave; new feat.C; LINE
PS2 version theme song: R, G, B ...

Lyrics / Composition / Song: Haruko Momoi
Movie: Kagetsusha
Planning / Production: Caricature

Published in "Dengeki G's Festival! COMIC" vol.1-2 with the title of PS2 version "Bald Bullet Ecribrium". The drawing is Go Yabuki.

It is a short story of two episodes, and as of 2010, it is not included in the book.

"Bald Bullet Radiobrium" is a boy alchemist and Otoizumi from September 5, 2007 to 200? A radio program that was distributed until the date.

Personality

Hidemitsu Shimizu (role of Sergei Kirkland)

Kanako Sakai (Rebecca Prusienko / Interpersonal land mine)

Tomoichi Toriyama (role of Stephan Bernandez)


Atheism in Poland

Atheism in Poland is not common. Most of the people are Catholics but less than 40% actually went to church in 2014. In 2020 the Centre for Public Opinion Research found 3% of the people were not believers. 

There have been a few atheists in the country for a long time. In 1588 a pamphlet said the doctor Simon of Lucca in the royal court said that God is a figment of the mind. Kazimierz Łyczszyński was sentenced to death in 1688 for writing a book called "The Non-Existence of God." In the 1900s, Vaclav Nałkowski and Marie Curie confirmed themselves as atheists, when the 2nd Polish Republic was still standing. President Gabriel Narutowicz was accused of being an atheist as well.

The Second Republic had a traditional association of atheists called the Freemasonry of the Great East.

The Polskie Stowarzyszenie Racjonalistów (Polish Association of Rationalists) was founded on July 6, 2005

Polish Association of Freethinkers - Founded on December 8, 1907

Secular Culture Society 

Polish Association of Free Thought - Founded around 1926

Island of Death

Island of Death (, "Ta pediá tou Diavólou", ), also known as Devils in Mykonos and A Craving For Lust, is a 1976 Greek horror movie. It was directed by Nico Mastorakis and starring Jessica Dublin, Jane Lyle, Robert Behling, Gerard Gonalons, Nikos Tsachiridis.


Protective hairstyle

A protective hairstyle is a way of putting human hair so that it will not break or become dirty. Most of the time, when people talk about protective hairstyles, they mean natural African hair. A protective hairstyle tucks the ends of the hair into a braid, twist, or other shape so that they do not show. This stops the hair from moving, which makes it less likely to break or wear out.

According to hair artist and author Jennifer Lord, protective hairstyles keep hair from being too dry. They also make it so the person does not have to brush or move the hair as often. This helps the person "retain length," meaning their hairs will not break. A person with a protective hairstyle also does not need to spend much time styling his or her hair every day.

People have worn protective hairstyles for all of history. Archaeologists have found proof of protective hairstyles from 30,000 years ago. Some Egyptian bodies from 3000 years ago had protective hairstyles.

Hair and hairstyles are part of the history of race on Earth. In some places, for example the United States, employers have told employees, usually African American employees, to go home and change their hair or else be fired. People with African hair must take time and spend money to change their hair so it looks like a white person's hair. Some places have passed Creating a Respectful and Open World for Natural Hair (CROWN) laws. CROWN laws are anti-discriminiation laws. This means an employer cannot fire an employee for wearing a protective hairstyle and cannot force an employee to try to make their hair look like a white person's hair. For example, New York State added rules about protective hairstyles to its human rights law in 2019. The United States Congress passed a CROWN law for the whole country in 2022. The law says, "In a society in which hair has historically been one of many determining factors of a person’s race, and whether they were a second class citizen, hair today remains a proxy for race. Therefore, hair discrimination targeting hairstyles associated with race is racial discrimination."


Io sono (artwork)

Io sono (which means “I am”) is an artwork by the Italian artist Salvatore Garau. 



Angela Raiola

Angela Joyce "Big Ang" Raiola (June 30, 1960 – February 18, 2016) was an American reality television personality. She was the niece of Salvatore "Sally Dogs" Lombardi (1941–2009), a caporegime ("capo") and drug dealer in the Genovese crime family. Known as a "mob moll", Raiola dated gangsters and lived an opulent lifestyle.

Raiola starred in the VH1 reality television series "Mob Wives" from its second to sixth and final season in 2016. She received her own spin-off series "Big Ang" in 2012 and "Miami Monkey" in 2013. 

Raiola had two children, Raquel and Anthony (AJ) Donofrio. She married Neil Murphy in 2009. Raiola died at the age of 55 on February 18, 2016 due to complications from lung cancer and pneumonia.



Righeira

Righeira were an Italian Italo disco duo, started in Turin, Italy in 1983. The members were Stefano Righi and Stefano Rota.



The Sheltering Desert

The Sheltering Desert is a 1992 South African British Irish adventure drama movie directed by Regardt van den Bergh and starring Jason Connery, Rupert Graves, Joss Ackland, Kate Normington, John Carson.

Leonid Topchiev

Leonid Topchiev (9 January 1930 - 24 June 2021) was a Soviet stage and film actor. In 1958 he received a nomination for the Cannes Film Festival's Palme d'Or. This was for his portrayal of Prince Ivan of Moscow the third in the movie "Walking for Three Seas." He was also a theater director, working as the director of the Vologda Drama Theatre and the Yaroslavl State Theatre of Drama.

He received the Medal of the Order of Merit to the Fatherland II Stepani in 2004. He was 91 when he died.

Basin tree frog

The basin tree frog or rocket tree frog ("Boana lanciformis") is a frog that lives in the Amazon Basin. Scientists have seen it in Brazil, Ecuador, Bolivia, Peru, Venezuela, and Colombia.

Carnitine

Carnitine is an amino acid. It is an ammonium compound used in the metabolism of most mammals, plants, and some bacteria. 

When getting energy (ATP) from nutrients, carnitine transports long-chain fatty acids into mitochondria so that it can be oxidized for energy production. Carnitine also also takes part in removing products of metabolism from cells. Because of its important role, carnitine is concentrated in tissues like skeletal muscle and cardiac muscle that metabolize fatty acids as an energy source.

L-Carnitine is not on the doping list of World Anti-Doping Agency, or WADA, but people in sport got punished in 2019, for the way they used L-Carnitine. (See doping in sport.)


Pittsboro, Mississippi

Pittsboro is the county seat of Calhoun County, Mississippi, United States.

Booneville, Mississippi

Booneville is the county seat of Prentiss County, Mississippi, United States.

Lakeshore Entertainment

Lakeshore Entertainment Group, LLC is the independent movie studio, formerly international sales and distribution company, headquartered in Beverly Hills, California, USA. Founded in 1994 by Tom Rosenberg and Ted Tannenbaum, the company produced over 60 films, including among others Clint Eastwood's drama sports film "Million Dollar Baby" (2004), who winning Academy Award, starring Eastwood, Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman. The divisions and subsidiares of the company include Lakeshore Records (record label), Lakeshore Television (television studio), Lakeshore International (international sales and distribution studio) and Off the Dock (digital studio, who targets the YouTube demographic).


Lauric acid

Lauric acid is a type of saturated fatty acid. Its chain is 12 carbon atoms long. As such, it is also a medium-chain fatty acid. It is commonly found in coconut and palm products like coconut oil.

Capric acid

Capric acid (also called decanoic acid or decylic acid) is a type of saturated fatty acid. Its carbon chain is 10 carbon atoms long. It is commonly found in dairy. As the name suggests, it is commonly found in goat products like goat milk and goat cheese.

Saint-Maulvis

Saint-Maulvis is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Composers Union of Azerbaijan

The Composers Union of Azerbaijan () is a non-governmental organization that unites and officially represents professional composers and musicologists in Azerbaijan. The union was established in 1934.

The Composers Union of Azerbaijan was established on June 30, 1934 by composer Uzeyir Hajibeyov as the department of the Union of Soviet Composers. Uzeyir Hajibeyov led this organization from 1936 until the end of his life. The union building was built in 1912.

Currently the president of the Composers Union of Azerbaijan is Franghiz Ali-Zadeh, who is a composer, pianist, musicologist and People's Artist of Azerbaijan. The union consists of 200 members.


Saint-Maxent

Saint-Maxent is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Ouen, Somme

Saint-Ouen is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

La Vicogne

La Vicogne is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France. In 2018, 248 people lived there.

La Vicogne is north of Amiens, on the N25 road.

Telšiai

Telšiai is a city in Lithuania. It is the capital of Telšiai County.

The city has about 21,500 inhabitants.

Chadron, Nebraska

Chadron is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Dawes County.

Central City, Nebraska

Central City is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Merrick County.

Chappell, Nebraska

Chappell is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Deuel County.

Aéropostale

Aéropostale, Inc. (Aero) is an American group of stores that sell clothes, it was opened in 1987.

Rosie (2018 movie)

Rosie is a 2018 Irish drama movie directed by Paddy Breathnach and starring Sarah Greene, Moe Dunford, Natalia Kostrzewa, Ellie O' Halloran, Ruby Dunne, Daragh McKenzie.

Grand Isle, Louisiana

Grand Isle is a small town in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States. it is the least populous municipality in Jefferson Parish.

Jean Lafitte, Louisiana

Jean Lafitte is a town in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States. It was named for the pirate Jean Lafitte.

Dizzy (song)

"Dizzy" is a song first recorded by Tommy Roe which became an worldwide hit single in 1969. The instrument parts were made by the Los Angeles musicians known as the Wrecking Crew.

Partly written by Roe and Freddy Weller, "Dizzy" did very well on both sides of the Atlantic, becoming number one on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 for about a month in March 1969, for one week on the UK Singles Chart in June 1969, and was number one in Canada in March 1969.

It was later remade by other music artists including Boney M, Wreckless Eric, and Billy J. Kramer. A 1991 edited version by Vic Reeves and The Wonder Stuff made it to number one in the UK Singles Chart.

Athens, Louisiana

Athens is a village in Claiborne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Epps, Louisiana

Epps is a village in West Carroll Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Forest, Louisiana

Forest is a village in West Carroll Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Kilbourne, Louisiana

Kilbourne is a village in West Carroll Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Pioneer, Louisiana

Pioneer is a village in West Carroll Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Norwood, Louisiana

Norwood is a village in East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Wilson, Louisiana

Wilson is a village in East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Brusly, Louisiana

Brusly is a town in West Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Angie, Louisiana

Angie is a village in Washington Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Varnado, Louisiana

Varnado is a village in Washington Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Choudrant, Louisiana

Choudrant is a village in Lincoln Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Simsboro, Louisiana

Simsboro is a village in Lincoln Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Sicily Island, Louisiana

Sicily Island is a village in Catahoula Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Golden Meadow, Louisiana

Golden Meadow is a town in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lockport, Louisiana

Lockport is a town in Lafourche Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Elton, Louisiana

Elton is a town in Jefferson Davis Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lake Arthur, Louisiana

Lake Arthur is a town in Jefferson Davis Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Welsh, Louisiana

Welsh is a town in Jefferson Davis Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Fenton, Louisiana

Fenton is a village in Jefferson Davis Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ann Inc

Ann Inc. is an American retail clothing and accessories store for women, it was opened in 1954.

Auf der Kehr

The Auf der Kehr, or Flatzer Wand ( ; or "Auf der Kehr" ; ) is a rocky outcrop of the mountain Auf der Kehr (790 m above sea level). It is located near Flatz (municipality of Ternitz) in Lower Austria, in the Sierningtal-Auf der Kehr Nature Park of the Gutenstein Alps. In general, Flatzer wand is used for the mountain, while auf der Kehr is just used for the rock formation (which is about high. Occasionally, Auf der Kehr is used for the whole mountain range. The highest peak of the range is Gösling, at a height of . Overall, the Auf der Kehr resembles the well-known Hohe Wand.

The Auf der Kehr is an old settlement area. Human bones and artefacts have been found in the Long Hole, suggesting that there has been at least a temporary settlement since the early Stone Age. In the late Bronze Age (around 1000 BC) there was a small mining settlement along the southern slope below the Auf der Kehr. Several houses stood on artificial settlement terraces, the remains of which were built in the course of the expansion of the forest road network at the end of the 20th century. Copper ore was smelted on the opposite slope of the Gösing.

On the western edge of the wall is the "Neunkirchner Naturfreundehaus", which is open on weekends all year round. The base of the wall as well as the wall edge are well developed with paths, with numerous accesses to the climbing routes. The Willi Gottwaldsteig leads off the forest roads, but without climbing sections, up to the refuge.

The Auf der Kehr is a well-developed climbing area with a dozen via ferrata routes in the difficulties 0-D (the most difficult route is the E60 route with C/D) and over 100 climbing routes up to about difficulty grade IX. The most famous secured via ferratas are (from west to east):


One of the "most beautiful 'very easy' climbing routes in the foothills of the Alps" also leads to the Auf der Kehr: the historic Doppelsteig is difficulty grade II.

The Auf der Kehr is rich in caves.



Gutenstein Alps

The Gutenstein Alps () are a mountain range in the Eastern Alps in Europe.

Hohenschwangau

Hohenschwangau is a former village and now an urban district of the municipality of Schwangau, Ostallgäu district, Bavaria, Germany.


Plymouth Hoe

Plymouth Hoe, also known as the Hoe, is a south-facing public area in Plymouth, England. It is next to limestone cliffs along the seafront with a view of Plymouth Sound, Drake's Island, and across the Hamoaze to Mount Edgcumbe in Cornwall. The name comes from the Old English word "hoh", which means a sloped ridge shaped like an upside-down foot and heel.

Hoe

Hoe or HOE may mean:




Mary Jackson

Mary Jackson (née Winston; April 9, 1921 – February 11, 2005) was an American mathematician and aerospace engineer. She worked for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), at Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia. She also worked for the organization that was there before NASA was founded in 1958. In 1951, she started at National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA). At first, she was a computer, a person doing advanced scientific calculations. She took advanced engineering classes and, in 1958, became NASA's first black female engineer. Today, she is known as an important figure in what is known as the Space Race.

After 34 years at NASA, Jackson had earned the most senior engineering title available. She realized she could not earn further promotions without becoming a supervisor. She accepted a demotion to become a manager of both the Federal Women's Program, in the NASA Office of Equal Opportunity Programs and of the Affirmative Action Program. In this role, she worked to influence the hiring and promotion of women in NASA's science, engineering, and mathematics careers.

In 2016, the book "Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Who Helped Win the Space Race" was written, about her life. The book was also made into a movie, released the same year. 

In 2019, Jackson was posthumously awarded the Congressional Gold Medal. In 2021, the Washington, D.C. headquarters of NASA was renamed the Mary W. Jackson NASA Headquarters. NASA held a virtual ceremony for the naming.

The 2016 film "Hidden Figures" recounts the NASA careers of Jackson, Katherine Johnson, and Dorothy Vaughan, specifically their work on Project Mercury during the Space Race. The film is based on the book of the same name by Margot Lee Shetterly. Jackson is portrayed in the film by Janelle Monáe.

In 2018, the Salt Lake City School Board voted that Jackson Elementary School in Salt Lake City, Utah, would from then on be officially named after Mary Jackson rather than (as it used to be) after President Andrew Jackson.

NASA's headquarters building in Washington, D.C. was renamed the Mary W. Jackson NASA Headquarters on February 26, 2021.


The Hour of the Furnaces

The Hour of the Furnaces () is a 1968 Argentine documentary movie directed by Octavio Getino and Fernando Solanas.

MGMT

MGMT is an American pop and rock band. They formed in 2002 in Middletown, Connecticut. They have hit songs, such as "Electric Feel" and "Kids". The band had their Congratulations Tour from 2010 to 2012

Ben Goldwasser and Andrew VanWyngarden formed the band while attending Wesleyan University during their freshman year. "We weren't trying to start a band," remarked Goldwasser. "We were just hanging out and showing each other music that we liked." VanWyngarden named Talking Heads and Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD) as artists who are "definitely in [their] blood". They experimented with noise rock and electronica before settling on what Paco Alvarez of "Spin" calls "their current brand of shape-shifting psychedelic pop." In 2002, the duo attended the inaugural Bonnaroo together as fans. The band formed under the name The Management and released two demo albums, "We (Don't) Care" and "Climbing to New Lows", under that name; but since the name was already being used by another band, they later changed it to MGMT, a disemvowelment of the original band name. While at Wesleyan, they were schoolmates of Francis and the Lights, with whom they have since toured. VanWyngarden and Goldwasser graduated in 2005 and toured extensively in support of the "Time to Pretend EP" released in the same year, opening for indie pop band of Montreal.

Main article: Oracular Spectacular

In the autumn of 2006 Maureen Kenny signed the band to Columbia Records. When the band received a call from the A&R department of Columbia Records saying they were interested in their music, they thought it was a joke. The duo recorded with Flaming Lips/Sleater-Kinney music producer Dave Fridmann in 2007 for their major label debut, "Oracular Spectacular". MGMT opened for Of Montreal on tour in autumn 2007 as a five-piece touring band including Matthew Asti (bass), James Richardson (drums), and Hank Sullivant (guitar). In November 2007, they performed for the first time in Europe, supporting the band Samantha and The Courteeners at Koko in London, England. After March 2008, Hank Sullivant left the band to pursue his own band, Kuroma. Will Berman joined as the new drummer, James Richardson switched from drums to guitar, and Matthew Asti remained on bass.

In June 2008 the band supported Radiohead on the Manchester date of their world tour and went on a headline tour of the UK during November 2008, playing at venues such as Manchester Academy and Shepherd's Bush Empire. MGMT opened for M.I.A. on the Vassar College date of her 2008 tour, and also played several shows with Beck during his 2008 tour. They appeared at the 2008 and 2009 editions of the Bonnaroo Music Festival. Bruce Springsteen was in attendance during their 2009 Bonnaroo late-night set, which followed his headlining appearance on What Stage. They also toured Australia with a headlining spot on the Meredith Music Festival line-up. The group played a show at the Virgin Music Festival on the Toronto Islands on September 6, 2008, playing nine songs off their "Oracular Spectacular" album. They also played the 2008 Street Scene festival in San Diego, California. On February 27, 2009, MGMT performed alongside Spectrum at The Dome in Finsbury Park. MGMT also played another show in Australia at the 2009 Splendour in the Grass Festival. They headlined this music festival along with other well known bands such as Bloc Party, The Flaming Lips, Happy Mondays, and Jane's Addiction. MGMT opened for Paul McCartney, an admitted fan, at Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts, on August 5 and 6, 2009. On August 15, 2009, MGMT played in Hamburg, Germany, at the Dockville Festival and performed several songs from their upcoming album. MGMT was one of the headlining bands for the Treasure Island Music Festival on Treasure Island in San Francisco, California, on October 17, 2009.

Main article: Congratulations (album)

In February 2008 the band recorded Their second album On January 18, 2010 the band finished recording the 2nd album In 2008 - 2009 the band debuted new songs live for their 2nd album at The Oracular Spectular Tour the band was went on hiatus In February 13, 2008 MGMT's "Congratulations" was released on April 13, 2010. The band, including Matthew Asti, James Richardson, and Will Berman from the live band, spent the summer of 2009 in Malibu, California, recording the album with Pete Kember (a.k.a. Sonic Boom), formerly of Spacemen 3 and Spectrum, serving as producer/guru, and long-time friend Billy Bennett (also an NCAA record-holding kicker for the University of Georgia), as engineer. MGMT originally suggested that they might not release any singles from the album. By July 2010, however, four single releases from the album had been confirmed. The album cover art for "Congratulations" was created for MGMT by Anthony Ausgang and the overall design of the packaging is by Josh Cheuse of Sony Entertainment. On March 9, 2010, MGMT released the song "Flash Delirium" for free download on their official website. On March 20, the band allowed users to stream their new album from their website.

MGMT started their Congratulations Tour on April 12, 2010, in San Francisco, California, at The Fillmore. They performed on April 23 at Brown University's Spring Weekend; on April 27 at Yale University's Spring Fling; on April 30 at the University of New Hampshire's Spring Climax; and on May 1 at Fordham University's Spring Weekend. They performed on "Saturday Night Live" on April 24, 2010, and on the "Late Show with David Letterman" on May 12 to promote their new album, and on June 11, MGMT played their largest headlining show anywhere in the world with a sold-out, 9,500 capacity gig at the Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Morrison, Colorado. On June 25, MGMT performed on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon", and on July 23, they were the musical guests on "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson".

On August 25, MGMT released a music video for "Congratulations", the third video of their second album. MGMT was one of the third tier bands for the 2010 Coachella Festival in Indio, California. The event draws nearly 120,000 attendees annually. On October 31, 2010, the band performed for the Voodoo Experience in New Orleans, Louisiana. The band decided to dress as the main characters from "Scooby-Doo" for Halloween; Andrew dressed up as Daphne and Ben dressed up as Velma. They headlined at Fun Fun Fun Fest which was held at Waterloo Park in Austin, Texas on November 6, 2010. MGMT had some hits with their performance on the Dr Oz Show The performance was the last show in the US for MGMT in 2010. Their first 2011 gig was at Mar del Plata, Argentina, in front of a crowd of more than 40,000 on the beach in a free event which they headlined. MGMT began their first Asian tour on February 22, 2011. On September 22, 2011 MGMT performed the Pink Floyd song "Lucifer Sam" during "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon"'s "Pink Floyd Week".

Main article: MGMT (album)

In February 2010 the band recorded the album Untill March 2013 for their new album Bank Annocued Sheri next Album In September 2011 the band was goin ton short hiatus In 2010 - March 2013 for the band album The band performed Guggenheim Museum In November 2011 then before during after their 2nd album In February 2010 - October 2012 the band would take 2 1/2 year break from music In January 2012, MGMT confirmed in an interview with "Intercourse Magazine" that they had started work on their third album, with VanWyngarden stating that he had written five songs. On February 27, 2012, MGMT began recording the album with Dave Fridmann at his Tarbox Road Studios. In March 2012, VanWyngarden said that MGMT will perform new songs on their upcoming shows in Latin America. On February 14 2010 and March 16, 2010 the band launched anew song first was in San Antonio with Alien Days then other there In Asia In March 2010 the band debuted Your life is a lie with their old albums for the new album the band wrote new songs for their The band worked writing and recording their 3rd album In February 2010 In March 12, 2013 the band fi shed recording the album On March 30, 2012, the band premiered a new song, entitled "Alien Days", at a show in Bogotá, Colombia. The band performed on August 3, 2012 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at Osheaga, and on August 5, 2012 in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania at Musikfest. In January 2013, "NME" and "Rolling Stone" published an interview in which the band announced that the album was tentatively scheduled for a June 2013 release. As of March 2013, the process of recording the album at Tarbox Road Studios with Fridmann was near completion. in August 2012 the band finished their The Congratulations Tour (2010 - 2012)

On April 20, 2013, the band released the studio version of "Alien Days". The band then embarked on a spring tour, followed by fall/autumn and winter tour dates for North America. Following VanWyngarden's shoulder surgery in mid-2013, former touring member Hank Sullivant rejoined the band to play live guitar for the remainder of 2013. Sullivant played with VanWyngarden when they were in high school and is in the band Kuroma, whose next album is produced by Goldwasser. The self-titled album was released September 17, 2013. An exclusive early release of the album, along with a full-length music video called "Optimizer", was available from the Rdiomusic service on September 9, 2013. In June 2013, the band performed at the FireFly Music Festival in Dover, Delaware. They performed at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in April 2014 before embarking on a European tour later in June 2014 and performing at the Glastonbury Festival in England. In July 2014, they were nominated for a VMA in the category "Best Editing" for their music video "Your Life is a Lie". After wrapping up touring behind their self-titled album, Goldwasser relocated to LA. In an interview at Falls Festival Marion Bay in 2014, the band announced that they would take a short break and come back stronger with a new sound.

Main article: Little Dark Age

In January 2015 the band took a break Will Berman stated in an interview with HitFix in April 2015 that "We've been taking a little break I guess. We've been at it for years at this point. There's more to come." He didn't want to speak for either Ben or Andrew on when there would be a new album from the group. On December 26, 2015, the band tweeted announcing that they would return in 2016. The band began working on an untitled new album in October 2016. On May 8, 2017, the band released a teaser video on Instagram alongside the title of the forthcoming album as "Little Dark Age", following a series of cryptic tweets the week prior. On June 21, the band revealed that their next album had been mastered. On October 17, the band released "Little Dark Age", the title track from their new album and their first single in four years. "When You Die" was released as the second single on December 12, 2017. The third single from the record, "Hand It Over", was released on January 5, 2018.

"Rolling Stone" magazine published on January 25, 2018 an interview with MGMT regarding their fourth album "Little Dark Age". MGMT admitted that their two previous albums were so poorly received that they thought they could never have reached peak popularity as they had with the release of their first album. Since their separation, the two core members began working long distances on the album via e-mail. "Little Dark Age" was in part shaped by this unique, distanced relationship between the two musicians, who later decided to meet and jointly work together again.

The band has explained that "Little Dark Age" is both an expression of surprise and dismay to the current political and social climate—particularly the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States—with an occasional reference to their personal lives. Of the election, VanWyngarden stated, "We were like, 'Wow, is it actually possible for the most impossible thing to happen?' [...] Apparently, we were more inspired to write pop music after evil took over the world." Touring guitarist James Richardson also provided inspiration, which resulted in the song 'James' being dedicated to celebrating the band's friendship. The album was released on February 9, 2018, and followed with a North American tour, part of the "Little Dark Age" Tour.

On November 22, 2019, the band performed a new song titled "In the Afternoon" in Las Vegas, Nevada. On December 10, a teaser for the studio version of the song was posted on the band's Instagram page. On December 11, "In the Afternoon" was officially released as a single alongside a music video created by the band. The release marks their first after departing from Columbia Records and the first on their independent label, MGMT Records. On March 20, 2020, the band released another new song, titled "As You Move Through the World".

In June 2021, the band released a statement on Twitter and Instagram hinting that they were working on new music.

On November 11, 2022, the band released their 2011 performance at the Guggenheim Museum as a live album titled "11•11•11" exactly 11 years after being performed.

On January 17, 2023, MGMT announced they will release another album in 2023 and return to touring after nearly four years. A photo shared by VanWyngarden on September 21 included the words "elf of soils", which was interpreted as an anagram for "Loss of Life".

On October 24, 2023, attendees at Pitchblack Playback's album listening session in the dark at Riverside Studios in London for "Oracular Spectacular" and "Little Dark Age" were given a free flexidisc known as "Bubblegum Dog", featuring a cryptic spoken word monologue which fans on Reddit speculated hints at new music and referenced an unreleased track whose title was seen on a whiteboard in the background of an image the band released during the making of "Little Dark" Age.

MGMT have released 5 studio albums:


The Promised Land (1973 movie)

The Promised Land () is a 1973 Chilean Cuban drama movie directed by Miguel Littín and starring Nelson Villagra, Marcelo Gaete, Rafael Benavente, Shenda Román, Pedro Manuel Álvarez.

Bye Bye Blackbird (movie)

Bye Bye Blackbird is a 2005 Luxembourgian Austrian German British drama movie directed by Robinson Savary and starring James Thiérrée, Derek Jacobi, Michael Lonsdale, Izabella Miko, Jodhi May, Andrej Aćin. It also features the music of Mercury Rev.

Chronophilia

Chronophilia is a form of paraphilia where someone is sexually attracted to a particular age group or at least has a sexual preference for them. It is normally restricted to specific age groups.

Nepiophilia (sometimes called Infantophilia) is a sub-type of pedophilia describing the sexual attraction to pre-pubescent children which is restricted to infancy (referring to babies/toddlers ranging from ages 1-4.

Pedophilia: is the sexual attraction to pre-pubescent children which are children who have not begun puberty (Or) (Usually under 15 years old).

Hebephilia: is the sexual attraction to early adolescent (pubescent) youth (ranging from ages 11 to 14). Due to the varying onset of puberty, there is overlap between pedophilia and hebephilia.

Ephebophilia: is the sexual attraction to post-pubescent mid-to-late teens (ranging from ages 15 to 19).

Teleiophilia: is the sexual attraction to young adults. (Ranging from the early 20s to late 30s)

Mesophilia: is the sexual attraction to middle-aged adults. (Ranging from early 40s to 60s)

Gerontophilia: is the sexual attraction to old people. (From ages 65 and older)

Pedohebephilia: is the proposed sexual attraction to both pre-pubescent children and early adolescent youth.

Hebe-ephebophilia: is the attraction to both early adolescent youth and mid to late adolescent youth.

Sól (sun)

Sól (sun) is the sun expressed as a person in Norse and Germanic mythology. During Ragnarök the sun will die and become black.

Varun Gandhi

Varun Gandhi (born 13 March 1980) is an Indian politician, and a member of Parliament for Lok Sabha. He is elected from the Pilibhit constituency. He is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party(BJP). He is from the Nehru–Gandhi family

Varun Gandhi was born in Delhi to Sanjay Gandhi and Maneka Gandhi. He is the grandson of former Prime Minister of India, Indira Gandhi and the great-grandson of India's first Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru. When Varun was three months old,his father died in a plane crash. Varun attended Rishi Valley School and the British School, New Delhi.

Varun Gandhi's first appearance as politician was at Pilibhit constituency during the 1999 election campaigning. His mother was a part of the National Democratic Alliance. Varun joined BJP in 2004.In an interview on BBC's "HARDTalk" in October 2005, Gandhi said "His father had helped revive the industrialization of India by starting Maruti Udyog and whose strategy helped the Congress party's comeback after the first ever non-Congress Janata Party government".

In the 2009 general election, the BJP put Varun Gandhi as its candidate from the Pilibhit constituency instead of his mother Maneka Gandhi. He won the seat by receiving 419,539 votes. The victory was the strongest of any of the four Gandhi family candidates in the election: his mother Maneka Gandhi, aunt Sonia Gandhi and first cousin Rahul Gandhi.

In March 2013, Varun Gandhi was appointed as the national general secretary of the BJP. He became the youngest ever general secretary of the party. In August 2013, Gandhi was the only MP in the country who had spent all of his MP Local Area Development Fund (MPLAD) before stipulated time. According to official sources, Varun Gandhi used his funds for the development in education, health and infrastructure activities.

In May 2014, Gandhi won Lok Sabha 2014 elections.In March 2016, he introduced the Representation of the People (Amendment) Bill, 2016 in Lok Sabha.In 2019 general elections,he become an MP for the third time in a row.

Gandhi writes articles for many national dailies and magazines in India like "The Indian Express", "The Economic Times","The Times of India", "Hindustan Times", "The Asian Age","The Hindu", "Outlook". Gandhi wrote his first volume of poems, titled "The Otherness of Self", at the age of 20, in 2000. His second volume of poems, titled Stillness was published by HarperCollins in April 2015. The book became the bestselling non-fiction book. In 2018, he released his book on the Indian rural economy titled ""The Rural Manifesto: Realising India's Future Through Her Villages"".

Three Percenters

Three Percenters also known as III%ers is an American and Canadian armed group (also called a "militia"). According to the Anti-Defamation League, some Three Percenters take weapons and form militias, but others do not. Some Three Percenters plan terrorist crimes but others only talk to each other online. The Three Percenters started in 2008, but they are part of a larger militia movement that started in 1993 or 1994. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, the Three Percenters are more of a way of thinking and group of ideas than a group of people. Former Neo-Nazi Maxime Fiset called them the most dangerous terrorist group in Canada.

The name "three percenters" comes from the idea that only three percent of Americans fought in the American Revolutionary War for independence from Britain in the 1700s. This idea is not true. The percentage was really much higher.

Sometimes smaller groups, or chapters, of the Three Percenters have different names, for example the 3%ers, 3% of Idaho, Washington State Three Percenters, and Georgia Security Force III%.

Three Percenters are anti-government. They say their group is about "preventing tyranny." Right-wing people and Libertarians sometimes praise them. They say that they are not a militia and not anti government. Three Percenters believe that a small number of people with weapons can fight and defeat a large government, the way the American Revolutionaries fought and won against the British.

The Three Percenters do not like these things:

The Three Percenters started on a blog written by an Alabama man called Mike Vanderboegh. He had already written an online newspaper called the "John Doe Times". He had written about the Oklahoma City bombing in 1996. He wrote conspiracy theories about the bombing. Vanderboegh died in 2016.

In 2008 and 2009, there was an economic collapse in the United States. Many people disliked the government and liked militias. At first, Three Percenters had to do a lot of military training, so people who couldn't travel to training places or whose bodies were not strong could not be Three Percenters. Later, the only rule to be a Three Percenter was to decide to be one.

The Three Percenter Logo is a Roman numeral III surrounded by thirteen stars. It was easy to make thigns with this logo on it and sell them.

In 2016, the Three Percenters endorsed a candidate for President of the United States for the first time. They chose Donald Trump. But once Trump was president, it was harder for them to hate the government. Three big groups of Three Percenters collapsed, though experts are not sure why.

On February 21, 2022, the leaders of the American Three Percenters national group said they were dissolving, or ending, the Three Percenters. They said they were doing this because of the 2021 US Capitol attack:

"...we must dissolve this organization effective immediately. It appears that other 'Three Percenter' groups no longer hold the values and morals that we have held in our organization for so long. The DC riots and Capitol breach has hurt the patriot movement drastically and as a result brought an end to our organization. It's quite unfortunate that we've come to this. The media refuses to differentiate between the different 'Three Percenter' organizations and groups, leaving all of the fingers constantly pointing towards us."

This only ended the nationwide American group. Other groups of Three Percenters, for example local chapters, continued to operate after this.

The Three Percenters show up with weapons when they think that the federal government is abusing someone. For example, Three Percenters showed up to a ranch where a man had said he would not pay federal grazing fees for his animals. They said they wanted to protect him. Three Percenters also show up to liberal and left-leaning events. Sometimes they are there as counter-protesters. Sometimes they say they want to "monitor" the liberals.

According to the Anti-Defamation League, the Three Percenters are not as close to people who think white people should rule other humans as other militia groups are. They showed up to the Unite the Right Rally in Charlottesville in 2017, but they later tried to distance themselves from the murders committed there. 

Some Three Percenters go to the U.S.-Mexico border and try to stop people from entering the United States illegally as vigilantees.

While Three Percent is often considered more of an ideology than an organized militia, many people who subscribe to the ideology have attempted violent anti-government actions. After the 2021 Capital raid the official website said they do not support this violence and deleted their website. In 2021, they were added to Canada's list of terrorist organizations. Despite many claims, they are not a neo Nazi organization as neo-Nazis believe in the supremacy of the white race, and the Three Percenters previously said "we will not align ourselves with any type of racist group".


Iowa, Louisiana

Iowa is a town in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States, and is a part of the Lake Charles Metropolitan Statistical Area. During the 2020 census, its population was 3,436.

Vinton, Louisiana

Vinton is a town in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Breath of Fire

Breath of Fire is a role-playing video game series by Capcom. The first game of the series was originally released for Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1993. The main characters of the series are "Ryu" and "Nina".

The "Breath of Fire" series focuses on the main character named Ryu, who can shapeshift into different types of dragons. Over the course of his journey, he's joined by Nina, a girl with the wings. The first four games take place in a medieval fantasy style fictional world. In 2020, "Breath of Fire" series has sold over 3.2 million copies.



Baldwin, Louisiana

Baldwin is a town in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Berwick, Louisiana

Berwick is a town in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Maringouin, Louisiana

Maringouin is a town in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

White Castle, Louisiana

White Castle is a town in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Grosse Tête, Louisiana

Grosse Tête is a village in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Rosedale, Louisiana

Rosedale is a village in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Junction City, Louisiana

Junction City is a village in Claiborne and Union parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Downsville, Louisiana

Downsville is a village in Lincoln and Union parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Lillie, Louisiana

Lillie is a village in Union Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Spearsville, Louisiana

Spearsville is a village in Union Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Loreauville, Louisiana

Loreauville is a village in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Mangham, Louisiana

Mangham is a village in Richland Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Henderson, Louisiana

Henderson is a town in St. Martin Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Parks, Louisiana

Parks is a village in St. Martin Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Pearl River, Louisiana

Pearl River is a town in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Sun, Louisiana

Sun is a village in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Tangipahoa, Louisiana

Tangipahoa is a village in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Tickfaw, Louisiana

Tickfaw is a village in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Newellton, Louisiana

Newellton is a town in Tensas Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Waterproof, Louisiana

Waterproof is a village in Tensas Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Gueydan, Louisiana

Gueydan is a town in Vermilion Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Maurice, Louisiana

Maurice is a village in Vermilion Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Arc the Lad


"Arc the Lad" has also been an adaptaion into anime. It was produced by Bee Train, and directed by Isuro Kawasaki. The series ran on Japan's WOWOW satellite network starts from April 5, 1999, to October 10, 1999 (as a part of "Anime Complex" omnibius series). A North American release was produced by ADV Films and aired on the Anime News Network.

The opening theme of the anime is "Arc the Lad Theme Song" by Masahiro Andoh, and two ending theme by NiNa: "Happy Tomorrow" (episodes 01-12, 26) and "Rest in Peace" (episodes 13-25).

 is a simulation RPG, developed by G-Craft and Cattle Call and also published by Bandai. The game was planned for SwanCrystal and WonderSwan Color, released in 2002. The characters focused on Edda (voiced by Masakata Nakai) and Kirika (voiced by Naomi Wakabayashi).


Arc the Lad: Monster Game with Casino Game

Arc the Lad: Monster Game with Card Game is a card battle simulator video game, based on "Arc the Lad" series. This spin-off to the first "Arc the Lad" series, for the PlayStation home console. Only sale in Japan.

Ponca, Nebraska

Ponca is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Dixon County.

Benkelman, Nebraska

Benkelman is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Dundy County.

Franklin, Nebraska

Franklin is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Franklin County.

Mullen, Nebraska

Mullen is a village in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Hooker County.

Cloverdale, Mississippi

Cloverdale is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Adams County, Mississippi. It has a population of 557 as per the 2020 census.

Morgantown, Adams County, Mississippi

Morgantown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Adams County, Mississippi. It has a population of 1,334 as per the 2020 census.

Glendale, Mississippi

Glendale is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Forrest County, Mississippi, United States.

Quaid-i-Azam University

Quaid-I-Azam University Islamabad (; commonly known as QAU), founded as University of Islamabad, is a public research university in Islamabad, Pakistan.

Initially this university was founded for the study of postgraduate education but slowly through the 1980s university became an interdisciplinary university offering undergraduate and postgraduate education. In 2015, University became largest varsity in Islamabad with 13,000 students. The university is on a 1700 acres (or 6.9km²) campus on the foothills of the Margalla.

Divided into four faculties and nine affiliated research institutes, QAU is among Pakistan's largest and highest ranked public universities. In 2020, it is ranked between 510-520 overall whilst in Physics, Mathematics and agriculture departments ranked 225th, 225th and 125th respectively worldwide, in emerging economics it's ranked below 100 which is probably a prestige, and also ranked 111th in Asia by the "QS World University Rankings" while its regional publications ranked QAU among 120 in Asia in 2013. The "Times Higher Education World University Rankings" ranked QAU between 401-500 globally and top 75 in Asia in its 2020 lists. 

The university has intellectual interaction with international institutes, including the United Nations, University of Tokyo and the ICTP. It is one of the most popular universities in the country and counts several public figures and intellectuals among its current and former faculty, researchers, or alumni since its establishment. They include Maleeha Lodhi, Nasim Zehra, Shamshad Akhtar, Suhail Zubairy, Abdul Rashid Ghazi, Farzana Aslam, Tasneem Zehra and Salma Zahid. The university is currently led by Professor Muhammad Ali.

The University of Islamabad was established on 22 July 1967 by the Government of Pakistan. It was renamed as Quaid-i-Azam University in honor of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah, founder of Pakistan in 1976 - which was the year of his birth centenary. However, the spelling of the University's name were kept different i.e. "i" was used instead of "e" for Ezāfe that links the two words in Jinnah's title Quaid-e-Azam.

The University offered teaching and research programs for PhD and MPhil degrees in the beginning and later offered Master's programs. The University now offers undergraduate programs as well.

Quaid-i-Azam University has four different faculties and 38 departments, institutes, schools and centers.

Kati Kati

Kati Kati is a 2016 Kenyan German drama movie directed by Mbithi Masya and starring Nyokabi Gethaiga, Elsaphan Njora, Paul Ogola, Peter Nzioki, Fidelis Nyambura Mukundi, Brian Ogola, Mumbi Maina.

In My Genes

In My Genes is a 2009 Kenyan documentary movie directed by first time director Lupita Nyong'o.

Stockville, Nebraska

Stockville is a village in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Frontier County.

Trenton, Nebraska

Trenton is a village in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Hitchcock County.

Alma, Nebraska

Alma is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Harlan County.

BoBoiBoy

BoBoiBoy is a Malaysian animated television series and franchise produced by Animonsta Studios. In this story, a young boy gains superpowers based on the elements, and has the ability to separate into different personas. With his friends, Yaya, Ying, Gopal and Fang, they form a team and fight to protect the Earth from alien threats who aim to conquer the Earth.

The original series, consisting of three seasons, was aired from March 2011 to June 2016. Its first theatrical film, BoBoiBoy: The Movie, was released on 3 March 2016.


Cope's eastern Paraguay tree frog

The Cope's eastern Paraguay tree frog ("Boana polytaenia") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Boana latistriata

Boana latistriata is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in the Parque Nacional do Itatiaia.

Battle of Paoli

The Paoli Massacre or Battle of Paoli was a battle of the American Revolutionary War. It happened at night on September 20, 1777 in Pennsylvania. British fighters led by Major General Charles Grey surprised Continental fighters led by General Anthony Wayne at night near what is Malvern, Pennsylvania today.

In September 1777, the British army was in Philadelphia. They had made the Continental Army run away from the city. George Washington decided to keep the Continental Army nearby so he could watch the British Army. They also needed the supplies stored at Reading, Pennsylvania, so he put the Continental Army between Philadelphia and Reading.

General Anthony Wayne had troops near Chester, Pennsylvania. He thought the British did not know he was there, but they did. Wayne and his men camped near Paoli Tavern on the night of September 20. During the night, General Charles Grey's men came out of the woods and Anthony Wayne's men mostly ran away. The British either killed or captured 272 Continentals.

One Hessian soldier said, "We killed three hundred of the rebels with the bayonet. I stuck them myself like so many pigs, one after the other, until the blood ran out of the touch hole of my musket."

Most of the Continentals lived, but many had bad injuries from being hit with bayonets or swords.

The battle of Paoli was fought with bayonets, which are long blades that soldiers put on the ends of their rifles. There was almost no shooting. General Grey told his men not to fire their weapons as guns. He told them that this would tell the Continentals where they were. He also told them that this way, they would know anyone firing a gun was an enemy. This would make them less likely to kill men on their own side in the dark. Major John Andre said what Grey said:

It was represented to the men that firing discovered us to the Enemy, hid them from us, killed our friends and produced a confusion favorable to the escape of the Rebels and perhaps productive of disgrace to ourselves. On the other hand, by not firing we knew the foe to be wherever fire appeared and a charge (of bayonets) ensured his destruction; that amongst the Enemy those in the rear would direct their fire against whoever fired in front, and they would destroy each other.

Major General Charles Grey told his men to take the flint out of their guns. This way, the guns would not make sparks that the Continentals could see and would not fire by accident, making gunshots that the Continentals could hear. They took the Continentals by surprise. For this, Charles Grey got a nickname: "'No Flint' Grey."

General Anthony Wayne was court-martialed, but the court decided he had only made a mistake and not acted dishonorably.

American writers called the battle a "massacre," or brutal killing. This was propaganda to get readers to believe the British were bad. General Anthony Wayne would tell his fighters to "remember Paoli" in later battles. Some British fighters also thought Grey had not done the right thing. British Colonel Charles Stuart called the Battle of Paoli a murder.

Fanny Hill

The Memoirs of a Woman for Pleasure, better known under the title Fanny Hill, is an erotic novel. The book is from the English novelist John Cleland. It was first published in London in 1748. The book was written while the writer was under debtors' prison in London. "Fanny Hill" is the first pornography that uses the form of the novel. The novel was one of the most prosecuted and banned books in history.

The novel was published under two installments, the first being 21 November 1748 and again in February 1749 by Fenton Griffiths and his brother Ralph.

At first there was no governmental reaction to the novel. But in November 1749, just over a year after the first installment for the book was published, John Cleland and Ralph Griffiths were arrested and charged for "corrupting the King's subjects". Cleland then abandoned the novel in the courts. The book was withdrawn.

As the novel became more popular, pirate editions started appearing.

The book later began coming into the United States. In 1821, a Massachusetts court outlawed "Fanny Hill". Its publisher, Peter Holmes, was found guilty for printing a "lewd or obscene" novel. Holmes appealed to the Massachusetts Supreme Court. He then said the judge, relying only on the prosecutor's description, hadn't even seen the book. The state Supreme Court, however, wasn't having it.

The novel is associated under two letters. They appear as volumes I and II under the original edition. They are written by Frances "Fanny" Hill. She is a rich English woman in middle age. She leads the life of contentment with her husband Charles and their children under an unnamed acquaintance who is known only as "Madam". Fanny has been talked into recounting 'scandalous stages' of her earlier life. Fanny proceeds to do that, having the 'stark naked truth' for her governing principle.

The first letter begins with the short account of Fanny living under poverty during her childhood in a Lancashire village. At age 14, she loses her parents to smallpox. She arrives in London to look for domestic work. She gets lured into a brothel. Fanny sees two sexual acts: one with an ugly older couple, the other between a young attractive couple. She then participates in a lesbian romance with Phoebe, a bisexual prostitute. A customer, Charles, convinces her to escape. Fanny loses her virginity with Charles. She becomes his lover. Charles is sent away under deception to the South Seas. Fanny is driven under desperation and poverty to become the kept woman for a rich merchant named Mr H―. Mr H― later abandons her. She then becomes a prostitute for the wealthy clients of a pleasure house. This is the end of the first letter.

The second letter begins with the reflection on the tedium with writing about sex. Fanny then tells of her adventures in the house of Mrs Cole. They include a public orgy, a bogus sale of her "virginity" to a rich dupe named Mr. Norbert and a sadomasochistic session.

Fanny later retires from prostitution. She becomes the lover for a rich and worldly-wise man around age 60. She becomes wealthy after her lover dies from a sudden cold. Shortly after, she meets Charles again. He has returned to England a poor man. Fanny offer her fortune to him.

Because of the book's notoriety (and public domain status), numerous adaptations have been produced. Some of them are:

Mahmud Shinkafi

Mahmud Shinkafi is a Nigerian politician who was the governor of Zamfara State, Nigeria and Deputy Governor. He is a former member of the All Nigeria Peoples Party later defected to People's Democratic Party.

Jablonné nad Orlicí

Jablonné nad Orlicí () is a town of the Ústí nad Orlicí District in the Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.

Jablonné nad Orlicí is twinned with:


Chomutov

Chomutov () is a city in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Chomutov District.

The city is at the foot of the Ore Mountains and has about 48,000 inhabitants.


Thor (Marvel Comics)

Thor is a character in Marvel Comics. The character was first seen in the comic Journey into Mystery #83 (date August 1962). His full name is Thor Odinson. Thor is the son of the Norse god Odin and goddess Frigga, he is the god of thunder. Thor is also a founding member of the "Avengers". His main enemy is Loki, god of trickery and mischief. Loki is also Thor's younger adopted brother.

In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Thor is played by Australian actor Chris Hemsworth. Hemsworth played Thor in the movies Thor (2011), "The Avengers" (2012), "" (2013), "" (2015), "" (2017), "" (2018), and "" (2019). He will also play the role in "" and the next "Guardians of the Galaxy" movie by Marvel.

Přerov

Přerov () is a city in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Přerov District.

The city is about southeast of Olomouc and has about 42,000 inhabitants.

Přerov is twinned with:


Lucian

Lucian of Samosata was a Syrian writer. He wrote satires and speeches in Attic Greek language. He made jokes about superstition, belief in the paranormal. All the information about his biography has come down to us completely from his works.

His most important book is "A True Story". Some people say it is the earliest work of science fiction.


Money (disambiguation)

Money is an item used to exchange for things or services.

Money may also refer to:

Bédarieux

Bédarieux is a commune of 5,771 people (2018). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Merkendorf, Bavaria

Merkendorf () is a municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia. It is 14 km southeast of Ansbach.

Ornbau

Ornbau () is a walled town in Ansbach, a district ("Landkreis") in Middle Franconia. It is on the river Altmühl, southeast of Ansbach.

Rothenburg ob der Tauber

Rothenburg ob der Tauber (; East Franconian: "Rothenburch ob da Tauber" or "Rothaburch") is a town in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.





Saint-Quentin-en-Tourmont

Saint-Quentin-en-Tourmont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Sauflieu

Saint-Sauflieu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Vaast-en-Chaussée

Saint-Vaast-en-Chaussée is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saleux

Saleux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Carinthia

Carinthia ( ; ; ; ) is the southernmost state of Austria. It is in the Eastern Alps. The main language is German. Carinthia's main industries are tourism, electronics, engineering, forestry and agriculture. The companies Philips and Siemens have large operations there. 

The state is divided into eight rural and two urban districts. There are 132 towns.


Ohlstadt

Ohlstadt is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Louis VIII of France

Louis VIII (5 September 1187 – 8 November 1226) was King of France from 1223 to 1226. From 1216 to 1217, he invaded and claimed the Kingdom of England (he was never crowned). This was part of the rebellion by the barons against King John.

He died of dysentery on 8 November 1226 and was buried in the Basilica of Saint-Denis.

Eschenlohe

Eschenlohe is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Bad Kohlgrub

Bad Kohlgrub is a municipality and a spa town in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Oberammergau

Oberammergau is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany. It is known for the Oberammergau Passion Play, which was first performed in 1634.


Charles Grey, 1st Earl Grey

Charles Grey, 1st Earl Grey, later Baron Grey De Howick (1730-1795) was a British fighter. He fought in the American Revolutionary War.

Grey was born into an important family. He was born at their large house in Howick, Northumberland, England. Grey's father was a baronet. They had lived in and ruled Howick since the 1200s. Grey's two older brothers died before they could have their own children, but when Grey was a boy, he did not think he would inherit his father's land. So he went into the military in 1944.

Grey fought in the War of Austrian Succession, Jacobite Rebellion, and Seven Years' War. He made friends with other British fighters, for example James Wolfe, William Petty, and the Earl of Shelburne. He was aide-de-camp to Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. Grey learned to fight.

Grey became lieutenant colonel in 1777. He commanded one of General William Howe's brigades. Grey fought in the Battle of Brandywine and surprised General Anthony Wayne at the Battle of Paoli. At Paoli, Grey told his men to charge with their bayonets. Military historians say it was one of the best moves of the entire war. He told his men to take the flints out of their guns so that they would not make sparks that the Continental soldiers could see or fire accidental gunshots that the Continental soldiers could hear. This got him the nickname "'No Flint' Grey." But some people on both sides of the war said Grey had not acted honorably. They called the Battle of Paoli the "Paoli Massacre" instead.

Grey fought at the Battle of Germantown and Battle of Monmouth. He surprised more Continental troops in Tappan, New York and killed them. Later, people would call this the Baylor Massacre.

In 1778, King George III promoted Grey to Lieutenant General and made him a knight of the Order of the Bath.

Grey retired from the army but only for a short while. He went to Howick and built a new house there, Howick Hall. He hired an architect called William Newton. Then Grey worked as an army administrator. He was aide-de-camp to King George III and fought against the French in Belgium and the Caribbean.

King George made Grey governor of Guernsey in 1797. He made Grey a baron in 1801. In 1806, he made Grey 1st Earl Grey and Viscount Howick.

Grey married Elizabeth Grey of Southwick in 1762. They had eight children including Charles Grey, 2nd Earl Grey.

Archduke Franz Karl of Austria

Archduke Franz Karl Joseph of Austria (17 December 1802 – 8 March 1878) was a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine. 

Franz was the father of two emperors: Franz Joseph I of Austria and Maximilian I of Mexico. Through his third son Karl Ludwig, he was the grandfather of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria. Franz Ferdinand's assassination sparked the hostilities that led to the outbreak of World War I. Karl Joseph was the great-grandfather of the last Habsburg emperor Karl I.

Kathryn Garcia

Kathryn Garcia (nee McIver; born March 3, 1970) is an American public official and politician. She was the commissioner for the New York City Sanitation Department between 2014 and 2020.

Garcia was born in Brooklyn, New York. She was the interim chair and chief executive officer of the New York City Housing Authority. She was appointed the "food czar" for New York City's emergency food program in the COVID-19 emergency response.

Garcia became a candidate for Mayor of New York City in the 2021 New York City Mayors' election. On July 6, 2021, Associated Press announced that Eric Adams won the Democratic Party primary. Garcia came in second place.

On September 1, 2021, Governor Kathy Hochul appointed Garcia to become director of state operations.

Man About Dog

Man About Dog is a 2004 Irish British comedy movie directed by Paddy Breathnach and starring Allen Leech, Tom Murphy, Ciaran Nolan, Seán McGinley, Pat Shortt, Fionnula Flanagan.

The Secret Scripture (movie)

The Secret Scripture is a 2016 Irish romantic drama movie directed by Jim Sheridan and was based on the 2008 novel of the same name by Sebastian Barry. It stars Vanessa Redgrave, Rooney Mara, Eric Bana, Theo James, Aidan Turner, Jack Reynor, Adrian Dunbar, Omar Sharif Jr..

Curtis Mayfield

Curtis Lee Mayfield (June 3, 1942 – December 26, 1999) was an American guitarist, singer-songwriter and record producer. He was one of the most influential musicians behind soul and the politically conscious African-American music. He first achieved success and recognition with the R&B and soul group The Impressions during the civil rights movement in the 1950s and 1960s. The Impressions were later put into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Mayfield later decided to work on his own.

Mayfield began his music career in a gospel choir. He got involved with The Impressions shortly after moving to the North Side of Chicago. In 1965, Mayfield wrote the song "People Get Ready" for The Impressions. The song was later ranked at #24 on the "Rolling Stone" list for 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. The song got several other awards. It was included into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll. "People Get Ready" was added into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1998.

Mayfield left The Impressions in 1970 in the pursuit of working on his own. He released several studio albums, including the soundtrack for the blaxploitation movie "Super Fly" in 1972. The soundtrack dealt with crimes involving inner-city minorities, like substance abuse, poverty and crime.

Mayfield was paralyzed from the neck down when lighting equipment fell on him while he was performing live at the Wingate Field in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York. However, he continued his career as a recording artist. His last studio album was "New World Order" in 1996.

Mayfield won the Grammy Legend Award in 1994 and the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award one year later.

Mayfield was born in the Cook County hospital in Chicago, Illinois. He died in Roswell, Georgia from type 2 diabetes complications at age 57 the day after Christmas 1999.

Emma Raducanu

Emma Raducanu (born 13 November 2002) is a British tennis player. She is the current women's singles US Open champion. She won it without losing a set in the tournament.

Raducanu has a career-high singles ranking of world #150, got on 23 August 2021. Before she played at Wimbledon in 2021, her highest WTA singles ranking was #333, on 9 March 2020. She has won three singles titles on the ITF Circuit.

She was awarded a Member of the Order of the British Empire on 29 November 2022 by King Charles III for her service to tennis.

Raducanu was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada to a Romanian father and a Chinese mother, who both work in finance. Her family moved to London when she was aged two because they thought it would be an exciting place for her to grow up. She started playing tennis at the age of five at the Bromley Tennis Academy. She was a pupil at Newstead Wood School, a state grammar school in the London Borough of Bromley.

Shelley Berkley

Rochelle "Shelley" Berkley (born as Rochelle Levine in New York City, January 20, 1951) is an American politician and lawyer. She was a United States Representative under Nevada's 1st congressional district from 1999 to 2013. In 2012, she was a candidate for the United States Senate, though she was not successful. Berkley is a member under the United States Democratic Party.

Berkley was involved with the Nevada Assembly from 1982 to 1984. She was mostly involved in local civic affairs. She also worked under the Nevada University and Community College System Board of Regents from 1990 to 1998. Berkley was appointed vice chair.

On September 5, 2011, an article from "New York Times" talked about the actions Berkley did while a member of Congress under which she and her husband profited. 

On September 19, 2011, the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) released their annual "Most Corrupt Members of Congress" report. Berkley was listed in the report under CREW's "Dishonorable Mention" category. Berkley was named under the CREW's "Most Corrupt Members of Congress" report for the second year in 2012.

On July 9, 2012, the United States House Committee on Ethics voted to launch an investigation into whether Berkley had used her official position to promote a policy that benefited the financial situation for her family. More specifically, Berkley was later accused of pushing healthcare that would benefit her husband's medical practices.

As a sixth-term congresswoman, Berkley was endorsed by several interest groups. The themes with some groups included gender equality, education and environmental protection under politics.

Berkley was given various scores from a variety of interest groups. These issues include topics related to abortion, animal rights, budget, foreign aid and agriculture. Under the NARAL Pro-Choice America, Berkley has a 100% rating. Under the National Right to Life Committee, she has a 0% rating.

Under the American Farm Bureau Federation, Berkley has a rating at 33% related to the topic of agriculture. The National Farm Workers Union gave her a rating of 100%. Other interest groups from which Berkley has received high ratings include the Citizens United for Rehabilitation of Errants and the Defenders of Wildlife Organization.

Fidenza

Fidenza is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. About 27,000 people live there.

Sassuolo

Sassuolo is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. About 40,200 people live there.

Lois Frankel

Lois Jane Frankel (born May 16, 1948, New York City) is an American politician and lawyer. In 2017, Frankel became the United States Representative under Florida's 21st congressional district. Between 2013 and 2017, she also represented Florida's 22nd congressional district. She is a member under the U.S. Democratic Party.

Frankel was a member under the Florida House of Representatives for fourteen years. She was the Minority Leader under the Florida State House. She was later elected the Mayor for West Palm Beach in 2003. Frankel was the mayor from 2003 to 2011. In the latter year, she left office due to term limits.

On December 18, 2019, Frankel voted for the impeachment of then-President Donald Trump.

Irina Palm

Irina Palm is a 2007 British comedy-drama movie directed by Sam Garbarski and starring Marianne Faithfull, Miki Manojlović, Jenny Agutter, Kevin Bishop, Siobhan Hewlett, Dorka Gryllus.

Salouël

Salouël is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Sancourt, Somme

Sancourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saulchoy-sous-Poix

Saulchoy-sous-Poix is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Sauvillers-Mongival

Sauvillers-Mongival is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Mundo Novo tree frog

The Mundo Novo tree frog ("Boana marginata") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Vigo

Vigo is an industrial city and a municipality in the province of Pontevedra, within the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It is on the Atlantic Ocean.

It is the second largest city by population in Galicia, after A Coruña.

The city has an area of and 295,364 people lived here in 2019, is the most populous municipality in Galicia.

List of Nutri Ventures – The Quest for the 7 Kingdoms episodes

Nutri Ventures is an Portuguese-German-American mockumentary educational animated television series broadcast on PBS Kids. The series started showing on January 2, 2013 to July 12, 2021.

Wada

Wada or WADA can be about:
Wada (和田) is a Japanese family name. The following persons are of Japanese ancestry:





Marion O'brien Donovan

Marion Donovan, the mother who invented percursor to the disposable diaper, was born on 15 October 1917. Her mother was when her childhood was on. After her mother's death she tried making things on her own. After she had married with James Donovan, she had three babies. The first diaper which was not sold was made out of a bathing curtain and a sewing machine. When she had sold the first diaper she felt so joyful. Marion Donovan had died on 4 November 1998. In 2015 May 12th Marion Donovan's name had come in the National Inventors Hall Of Fame. the diaper inventions is one of the inventions that changed the world because now babies could pee in diapers instead of doing it in their pants and on the bed. All the mothers in the present are now thankful to Marion Donovan for this invention that changed each mother's life.

Alex Kinter

Alex Kinter (born July 21, 1989) is an award-winning director, cinematographer, and a storyteller with a background in commercial video production, film, music videos, and digital photography.

Alex was born on July 21, 1989, in Cali, Colombia, and moved to Florida with his mother at the age of 5. His father was a regional manager for a chain of furniture rental stores. The family moved to Texas because of the change of father’s workplace.

He had an interest in action sports and the arts from an early age and was engaged in graphics, computers, and web development.

He took up photography during his junior year and had an early start in lighting and composition.

In 2007-2009, Kinter studied in Texas A&M University-Commerce Art Direction with a Minor in Photography. In those years he also attended Wylie High School.

In 2009, he entered Collin County Community College.

In 2010-2011, Alex attended Richland College.

In 2013, Kinter entered REDucation Hollywood (Digital Imaging & Post Processing). He received his certification as Digital Imaging & Post-processing Technician from RED Digital Cinema Education.

In 2012, Alex Kinter started his career in photography and cinematography.

For several years he cooperated with entertainment host Paul Salfen on shows The Drew Pearson Show, Sports Plus, Inside Entertainment, and print publications Envy Magazine, 944 Magazine, ScoreBoard Monthly.

Then he started a media production company Solarity Studios that worked with AT&T, Dallas Cowboys, Hublot, Mercedes-Benz. etc.

In 2016, he acted in a music video of David Lee (Bringin' Hippie Back).

In 2020-2021, Alex Kinter received 20 awards from the US and international film festivals for his short film The Poolside starring Anney Beyer. The film was directed and produced by Kinter in 2020.




List of chemicals in doping cases in sport

List of chemicals used in cases of doping in sport. There have been years, when sportspeople got sanctions (or punishment), if a test showed use of one or more chemicals. There are lists that show which chemicals, that sportspeople are not allowed to use.

Some sportspeople got punishment for using too much of a chemical. (The chemicals on the list, are in alphabetical order.)



PlayStation line

This is a list of the PlayStations created by Sony Interactive Entertainment.


Anchorman

Anchorman is a franchise of three US comedy movies directed by Adam McKay, produced by Judd Apatow and starring Will Ferrell, all co-produced by Apatow's production company Apatow Productions, two first by DreamWorks, and one last by Paramount Pictures. All films from the franchise is "" (2004), "" (2004) and "" (2013).


East Dunbartonshire

East Dunbartonshire (; ) is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland, UK. The administrative centre is Kirkintilloch.

East Renfrewshire

East Renfrewshire (; ) is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland, UK. The administrative centre is Giffnock.

Inverclyde

Inverclyde (; ) is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland, UK. The administrative centre is Greenock.

It is at the northern end of Firth of Clyde, and borders the North Ayrshire and Renfrewshire council areas.


West Dunbartonshire

West Dunbartonshire (; ) is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland, UK. The administrative centre is Dumbarton.

West Dunbartonshire borders Argyll and Bute, East Dunbartonshire, Renfrewshire and Stirling.


Balloch, West Dunbartonshire

Balloch () is a town in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland, UK. It is at the foot of Loch Lomond.

Hallein

Hallein is a town in the Austrian state of Salzburg. It is the capital of the Hallein District.

Saveuse

Saveuse is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Senarpont

Senarpont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Senlis-le-Sec

Senlis-le-Sec is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Sentelie

Sentelie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Sorel, Somme

Sorel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Sorel-en-Vimeu

Sorel-en-Vimeu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Saint-Aubin-de-Luigné

Saint-Aubin-de-Luigné is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 31 December 2015, it was merged into the new commune of Val-du-Layon.

Schillingsfürst

Schillingsfürst (; East Franconian: "Schillingsfiast") is a municipality in Ansbach, a district ("Landkreis") in Middle Franconia. It is southeast of Rothenburg ob der Tauber, and west of Ansbach.

Schillingsfürst castle (Schloss Schillingsfürst) is the home of the princely Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst family.


Ettal

Ettal is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.

Ettal has five districts:



Cookware and bakeware

Cookware and bakeware is the name of different tools, which are used to prepare cooked food. In modern times, a stove or oven generates heat, it is not seen as cookware. Different containers are then used to heat the food. Commonly these are frying pans, and cooking pots. If these tools are used for baking, they are usually called bakeware. 

People have used different forms of cookware and bakeware for at least 19.500 years.

Aluminium is a lightweight metal with very good thermal conductivity. It is resistant to many forms of corrosion. Aluminium is commonly available in sheet, cast, or anodized forms, and may be physically combined with other metals.

Cast iron cookware is slow to heat, but once at temperature provides even heating. Cast iron can also withstand very high temperatures, making cast iron pans ideal for searing. But cast iron may have chemical reactions with high acid foods such as wine or tomatoes. Also, some foods (such as spinach) cooked on bare cast iron will turn black.

Stainless steel is well known for its excellent durability and versatility in the kitchen. Crafted from a combination of metals, including iron, carbon, and chromium, stainless steel offers impressive resistance to rust, corrosion, and staining. This makes it a popular choice for everyday cooking and baking needs.

Hamza ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib

Hamza ibn Abd al-Muttalib was the cousin of the Prophet Muhammad. He was martyred in the Battle of Uhud.

Embassy of Israel, London

The Embassy of Israel in London is the head of diplomacy of Israel in the United Kingdom. It is located in the South Kensington area on Kensington Palace Gardens near the road on Kensington High Street. The Grade II* listed building has both the Embassy of Israel and the Israeli Consulate, which is available using another door at 15a Old Court Place.

The Embassy is at 2 Palace Green, the southern area of Kensington Palace Gardens, which is home to Kensington Palace itself as well as a number of other diplomatic missions and embassies, and is part of the Crown Estate. The security of the embassy is very strong, with many guards.

The Embassy has a house first built in 1860–62 for the author William Makepeace Thackeray, made in red brick as he wanted. It was given Grade II* listed status in 1969.

GH

GH, Gh, gh, or .gh can mean:


Wassertrüdingen

Wassertrüdingen is a town in Ansbach, a district ("Landkreis") in Middle Franconia. It is between the Hesselberg, the wooded heights of the Oettinger Forest and the foothills of the Hahnenkamm. The Fränkisches Seenland (Franconian Lake District) recreation area is away. Altentrüdingen, Fürnheim, Geilsheim, Obermögersheim, Reichenbach und Schobdach are part of Wassertrüdingen.



Palmero cheese

Palmero is a type of cheese from the Spanish island of La Palma. It is made from raw goats milk. It can either be plain or lightly smoked.

Manchego

Manchego (Spanish: Queso Manchego) is a type of cheese from the Spanish La Mancha region. It is made from sheep's milk, specifically the Manchega breed. It can be aged for 60 days to 2 years.

Kathryn Parsons

Kathryn Parsons MBE (born 1982) is a British tech entrepreneur. She is the co-founder and co-CEO of Decoded, a London-based tech startup. 

Parsons studied classical languages, literatures, and linguistics at Downing College, Cambridge, graduating with a BA in Classics. 

Parsons began her career at UK head of channel planning for advertising agency Ogilvy. She co-founded an advertising agency, Scarlett Mark, which applied digital technology to branding; one of its notable brands was the virtual/real-world character "Cherry Girl" for MTV.

Martha Lane Fox

Martha Lane Fox, Baroness Lane-Fox of Soho, CBE (born 10 February 1973) is a British businesswoman, philanthropist, and public servant. 

She went to Oxford High School, an all-girls independent school in Oxford, and at Westminster School. She read Ancient and Modern History at Magdalen College, Oxford, and graduated with BA degree and advancing MA. 

Lane Fox illustrated interest in acting and prison governorship but instead joined information technology and media consulting firm Spectrum. Lane Fox and Hoberman founded Last Minute, an online travel and gift business. She stepped down as managing director. 

Guayanés cheese

Guayanés cheese is a type of Venezuelan cheese. It is made from cow's milk. It comes from the Guayana Region in Bolivar. It has a firm texture.

Palmita cheese

Palmita is a type of Venezuelan cheese from the Zulia state. It is known to have a salty taste. It is also known to be used as a filling in some foods like tequeños.

Queso de mano

Queso de mano (Spanish: Cheese of the hand) is a type of queso fresco commonly eaten in Venezuela. It is made by a mix of cow and sheep milk. It is used as a filling for arepas and cachapas. It has a similar taste to mozzarella.

Guayanés cheese is a type of queso de mano from the Guayana Region.

Hurricane Elsa

Hurricane Elsa was an Atlantic tropical cyclone that formed during early July 2021. The storm became a tropical depression on July 1. It strengthened to Tropical Storm Elsa just under six hours later. Elsa was the strongest July hurricane in the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Emily sixteen years earlier. The storm was also the fastest-moving tropical cyclone in that part of the Atlantic.

Tropical cyclone notices were posted from the Windward Islands to Cuba several days in advance of the storm. It was downgraded to a strong tropical storm just before moving north of Jamaica.

The storm later began threatening western and central Florida. Several days before Elsa was expected to move over the state, the Champlain Towers South was demolished on Independence Day July 4 after having collapsed almost eleven days earlier in the Miami suburb of Surfisde. The related rescue and search operation was suspended for the remaining missing people when forecasts showed Elsa moving very close to the area.

Shortly after the cyclone was named, Elsa began receiving widespread attention for sharing the same name as Elsa from Disney's "Frozen" franchise movies.

Elsa became a tropical storm farther east in the Main Development Region (MDR) than any other tropical cyclone so early in the calendar year on record, behind only the 1933 Trinidad hurricane. 
Elsa strengthened to a Category 1 hurricane as it was letting it go into warm waters that made the eastern-most hurricane recorded in the MDR, south of 23.5°N, this early in the calendar year since 1933. 

Around that time, Elsa was moving at a forward speed of 29 mph (47 km/h), making it the fastest-moving Atlantic tropical cyclone recorded undergoing rapid intensification in the deep tropics or the Gulf of Mexico, and also the first storm to undergo rapid intensification in that part of the Atlantic that early in the calendar year since another storm in 1908. 

Since 1950, Elsa is the fourth hurricane that affect the Leeward Islands during July. The others : Abby in 1960, Bertha in 1996 and Emily in 2005.

Arepa

Arepa is a food that came from the pre-Columbian era. It is made by using cornmeal and forming the dough into a circle. It is known to be eaten in Colombia and Venezuela. It can also have fillings like sliced cheese, meat, and some vegetables.

Arepas are also commonly eaten in places full of Hispanic immigrants like the Canary Islands, and some American cities like New York City.

It is thought that the word "arepa" came from the extinct Cumanagoto word "erepa," meaning "cornbread."

There are some arepas made with wheat flour that are popular in Venezuelan states like Táchira.

Cachapa

Cahapas are a type of pancake. It is made from corn flour and fried in margarine. It is known to be commonly eaten in Venezuela. It can have some fillings like cheese, meat (usually pork), and some herbs and spices. Chicharrón can be served as a side to this dish.

Windsbach

Windsbach () is a town in Ansbach, a district ("Landkreis") in Middle Franconia. It is east of Ansbach, and southwest of Nuremberg.

Windsbach is in the Rangau area at the Franconian Rezat River. The city's position is eastward of the district capital Ansbach and southwestern of Nuremberg. Beside the Franconian Rezat River the Aurach, a side arm of the Rednitz River flows through the community area.

The following communities surround Windsbach (beginning north going clockwise direction): Rohr, Kammerstein, Abenberg, Spalt, Mitteleschenbach, Wolframs-Eschenbach, Lichtenau, Neuendettelsau and Heilsbronn.

Windsbach consists out of 29 suburbs:


The City Council has (including the 1. Mayor) 21 members:

Windsbach is member in the following institutions and organisations:



Wolframs-Eschenbach

Wolframs-Eschenbach is a town in Ansbach, a district ("Landkreis") in Middle Franconia. It is southeast of Ansbach, and southwest of Nuremberg.

The town is named after its most famous son, the Minnesinger Wolfram von Eschenbach. A notable church is the Liebfrauenmünster (Minster of our Dear Lady).


Monica Evans

Monica Evans (born 7 June 1940) is an English actress known for her portrayal of Cecily Pigeon in Neil Simon's "The Odd Couple".
She was in the original Broadway cast for its entire run, then appeared in the film version in 1968, and finally appeared in some episodes of the first season of the television series based on the play, all in the same role, alongside Carole Shelley as her sister Gwendolyn Pigeon. She also provided voices for the Disney animated films "The Aristocats", as Abigail Gabble (the Goose) (alongside Shelley as Amelia Gabble) and "Robin Hood" (1973) as Maid Marian (again alongside Shelley as her handmaiden, Lady Kluck).
She lived in the United States for several years. After her return to the UK she married BBC Radio 1 DJ Dave Cash. Her brother-in-law is Charles Hayward, the drummer of This Heat. 

In 2018, she was at the 2018 TCM Classic Film Festival, reuniting with her old friend, Carole Shelley.

Nandrolone

Nandrolone, also known as 19-nortestosterone, is an androgen and anabolic steroid (AAS).

It is used in the form of esters such as nandrolone decanoate (brand name Deca-Durabolin) and nandrolone phenylpropionate (brand name Durabolin). Nandrolone esters are used in the treatment of anemias, cachexia (wasting syndrome), osteoporosis, breast cancer, and for other indications. They are not used by mouth and instead are given by injection into muscle or fat.


Apatow Productions

Apatow Productions is the production company established by Judd Apatow in 1999, based in Los Angeles, California, USA.

It produced the "Anchorman" movie franchise ("", "" and ""), and films "The 40-Year-Old Virgin", "", "Knocked Up", "Superbad", "Pineapple Express", "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", "Funny People", "Get Him to the Greek", "Bridesmaids", "This Is 40", "Begin Again", "Trainwreck", "The Big Sick" and "The King of Staten Island". First production of the company was comedy TV series "Freaks and Geeks".

Forgotten (2013 movie)

Forgotten () is a 2013 Bolivian drama movie directed by Carlos Bolado and starring Damián Alcázar, Rafael Ferro, Carla Ortiz, Tomás Fonzi, Eduardo Paxeco.

Hariharan (singer)

Hariharan is an Indian Playback Singer from Trivandrum, whose has been prominently singing for Tamil and Hindi cinema. He is also an established Ghazal singer and has been Awarded the National Award for Two times alongside he was given the Padma Shri award by the Government of India in 2004.

Osculating orbit

The osculating orbit of an astronomical object is the gravitational Kepler orbit. 

This is the "normal" orbit it would have around a body, supposing it were not perturbed (disturbed) by a third body.

Kugelblitz

A kugelblitz is a theoretical black hole created by enough light that space-time itself warps into a black hole. The famous equation, E=mc proves that energy can bend space-time, like matter. There would be no difference from an ordinary black hole.

Kugelblitz drives have been considered as possible future black hole starship engines.

A man-made kugelblitz would be made with a gamma-ray laser 1 billion times stronger than the current hypothesized ones. Also, it would have to produce a pulse that was 100 billionth of the current duration of a modern laser's pulse. A single pulse would equate to the energy produced by the sun in 1/10 of a second.

A kugelblitz of this size would last five years, and a device similar to a Dyson sphere could be constructed around it to use the energy produced by the Hawking radiation.

Marriott International

Marriott International is a leading hotel services company with approximately 2,800 Marriott hotels located in the United States and 66 other countries and territories. The company is headquartered in Washington, D.C. At the end of 2005, the total number of employees was 143,000.

Marriott International started in 1927, when a young American, John Willard Marriott, and his wife, Alice, started a family business by opening a small bar in Washington to sell carbonated beverages for just nine seats. A little later, when hot food was added to cold snacks, the restaurant was named The Hot Shoppe, which later became the name of the company under whose brand the restaurant chain emerged and developed rapidly. Ten years later, John Marriott signed contracts with Eastern, American and Capital Airlines, and his firm became the first supplier of ready-made lunches for airline flights. In 1957, the company opened its first hotel, the Twin Bridges Marriott Motor Hotel in Arlington, Virginia (now home to the Marriott Museum). In 1964, the 32-year-old son of the company's founder became its president and began its restructuring - new rights to air transportation services were purchased, restaurant chains and hotels were bought. A few years later, in 1969, Marriott established itself on the international market by opening the Paraiso Hotel in Acapulco.

Ruby Ridge

Ruby Ridge was the area involved in an eleven-day siege around Naples, Idaho between August 21–31, 1992. It started on Friday, August 21, when deputies working for the United States Marshals Service (USMS) took action to arrest Randy Weaver with a bench warrant. Weaver had failed to appear in court on firearms charges.

When he was given several conflicting dates for appearing in court, and while a conspiracy was linked with him, Weaver did not wish to surrender. Members with his immediate family, and his family friend, Kevin Harris, also resisted. The Hostage Rescue Team under the Federal Bureau of Investigation got involved after the siege developed.

When the Marshals Service explored the Weaver property, six U.S. Marshals encountered Harris and Sammy Weaver (Randy's 14-year-old son) in the woods near the family cabin. A shootout then took place. Deputy U.S. Marshal William Francis Degan, Sammy Weaver and the Weavers' family dog Striker were killed. During the following siege in the Weaver family residence, Weaver's wife Vicki was killed by the FBI sniper fire. The siege and standoff were resolved through civilian negotiators. Harris was arrested on August 30. Weaver and his three daughters were arrested the following day.

The events that took place in and around Naples, Idaho and the law enforcement based Waco siege six months later were cited by commentators as warning signs for the Oklahoma City bombing by Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols in April 1995.

Hyatt

Hyatt Hotels Corporation is an international chain of state-of-the-art hotels with its headquarters in Chicago. The network was founded in 1957. According to Hoovers, the network is owned by the Pritzker family.

The Hyatt Corporation came into being upon purchase of the Hyatt House, at Los Angeles International Airport, on September 27, 1957. In 1969, Hyatt began expanding internationally. Hyatt has grown by developing new properties and through acquisitions, with the biggest growth coming from the acquisition of AmeriSuites (later rebranded Hyatt Place) in 2004, Summerfield Suites (later rebranded Hyatt House) in 2005, and Two Roads Hospitality in 2018. As of May 30, 2021, Hyatt has over 100,000 employees worldwide servicing nearly 1050 properties across 20 brands in 68 countries across six continents.

As of September 30, 2014, the network includes 573 hotels in 48 countries. They work under the following brands:


Sheraton

Sheraton is one of the largest international hotel chains. It was founded in 1937. The owner is Marriott International. Until 2016, it was owned by Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide.

As of 2015, the Sheraton network includes 446 hotels with a total capacity of 156,400 rooms. 11 hotels are owned by Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, others are part of the company on a franchise basis. English Four Points by Sheraton adds 210 hotels to 36,800 rooms. 

Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts

Four Seasons Hotels Limited, trading as Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, is a Canadian hotel company. Their headquarters is in Toronto. Most Four Seasons hotels are five-star hotels, meaning they are expensive.

"Travel + Leisure" magazine and Zagat Survey ranked this grid 98th among the best luxury hotels in the world. Readers of Condé Nast Traveller voted for the Golden Triangle (the company's real estate in northern Thailand) as the world's favourite for three years in a row. The company has been named one of Fortune's "100 Best Employers" every year since the 1998 survey.

Founded in 1960 in Canada by Isador Sharp, the son of Jewish immigrants from Poland, the company opened its first hotel in the red-light district of Toronto. In 1970, the chain's first overseas hotel opened in London. In 1986, the company went public, entering the stock market, but in 2007 it became private again (Sharpe bought shares from the market and resold them to private funds).

The main owners of the company: the founder of the company Isadore Sharp (5%), as well as the companies Cascade Investment and Kingdom Hotels (47.5% each), owned, respectively, by Bill Gates and the nephew of the King of Saudi Arabia, Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal.

Lifestyle Holidays Vacation Club

Lifestyle Holidays Vacation Club is one of the largest resort complexes in the Dominican Republic. The main office is in Puerto Plata.

Lifestyle Holidays Vacation Club was founded in 2002. The VIP membership was launched later. The resorts are available for the members of the Club.

In 2012, the Club held a concert of LMFAO and in 2016 with Ricky Martin and the Procigar Festival.

In 2016, the Lifestyle Holidays Vacation Club won the CRDA Cornerstone Award.

In 2017, the company received 21 awards from RCI company.

In 2018, the Club was awarded by Perspective Magazine Awards for the best exterior design.

The company has 6 holiday clubs in Puerto Plata, Cabarete, Punta Cana, Samana, Bayahibe, and Boca Chica in the Dominican Republic.

Also, there are 2 resorts in Cancun, Mexico, and Dubai, UAE.

Markus Wischenbart is the owner and president of the company.

The company has around 5000 employees.

Hell River

Hell River also known as Partisans () and The Last Guerilla is a 1974 Serbian World War II movie directed by Stole Jankovic and starring Rod Taylor, Adam West, Brioni Farrell, Peter Carsten, Bata Živojinović, Branko Pleša, Janez Vrhovec, Dragomir Felba.


I Want Love (Jessie J song)

"I Want Love" is a song by British singer and songwriter Jessie J.

In December 2020, the song was written and recorded in Summerian Records and was released on June 18, 2021. 

The music video for "I Want Love", directed by Summen Deven and Danky Cogon, was shot in Hollywood, California. 

The first video was released on June 11, while the second video was released on June 18. 

Kiwix

Kiwix is a free and open-source offline web browser created by Emmanuel Engelhart and Renaud Gaudin in 2007. It was first launched to allow offline access to Wikipedia. But it has expanded to include other projects from the Wikimedia Foundation as well as public domain texts from Project Gutenberg. It is available in more than 100 languages. Kiwix has been included in several high-profile projects, from smuggling operations in North Korea and encyclopedic access in Cuba to Google Impact Challenge's recipient Bibliothèques Sans Frontières.

Founder Emmanuel Engelhart sees Wikipedia as a common good, saying "The contents of Wikipedia should be available for everyone! Even without Internet access. This is why I have launched the Kiwix project."

After becoming a Wikipedia editor in 2004, Engelhart became interested in developing offline versions of Wikipedia. A , initiated in 2003, was a trigger for the project.
In 2012 Kiwix won a grant from Wikimedia France to build kiwix-plug, which was deployed to universities in eleven countries known as the Afripedia Project. In February 2013 Kiwix won SourceForge's Project of the Month award and an Open Source Award in 2015.

The software is designed as an offline reader for a web content. It can be used on computers without an internet connection, computers with a slow or expensive connection, or to avoid censorship. It can also be used while travelling (e.g. on a passenger plane or a train).
Users first download Kiwix. Then they download content for offline viewing with Kiwix. Compression saves disk space and bandwidth. All of English-language Wikipedia, with pictures, fits on a large USB stick or external media (82 GB as of march 2021, or 43 GB with no pictures).
All content files are compressed in ZIM format. It makes them smaller, but leaves them easy to index, search, and selectively decompress.

The ZIM files are then opened with Kiwix, which looks and behaves like a web browser. Kiwix offers full text search, tabbed navigation, and the option to export articles to PDF and HTML.

XOWA

XOWA is a free and open-source application written primarily in Java by anomous developers and is intended for users whish to run their own copy of Wikipedia, or any other compatible Wiki offline or without an internet connection. XOWA is compatible with Microsoft Windows, MacOS, Linux and Android. Licensed under the GNU AGPLv3, XOWA is free software.


Khanh D. Pham

Khanh D. Pham (born in Vietnam) is an aerospace engineer and the first Vietnamese American in the 73-year history of outstanding men and women in the Federal Government to be the recipient of the Arthur S. Flemming award for pioneering contributions in statistical optimal control theory, sustained leadership and strategic vision in game-theoretic operations research of military satellite communications, space control autonomy, and space domain awareness. Exceptional services to innovation ecosystem and coalition of government agencies, small business and industry. He is a Fellow of the Air Force Research Laboratory and the Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers. He is also an Associate Fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, a senior member of National Academy of Inventors, and senior member of Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.

Dr. Pham is presently a senior aerospace engineer at Air Force Research Laboratory/Space Vehicles Directorate (AFRL/RV). He is AFRL/RV’s principal point of contact for game-theoretic operations research with potential space domain awareness, space control autonomy, military satellite communications and resilient satellite navigation applications. He has been an adjunct research professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of New Mexico in stochastic control and satellite communications. He has been stimulating small business innovation, meeting the Air Force and DoD R&D needs, broadening participation in innovation and entrepreneurship, and boosting commercialization derived from Air Force and DoD R&D. Dr. Pham’s research, published in more than 300 books, journal articles and conference proceedings, includes work in the areas of space domain awareness, space control, cognitive satellite radios, and satellite navigation for control, linear and nonlinear estimation, dynamic resource allocation, and game-theoretic operations research. 

Dr. Pham was born in Saigon, Vietnam, to a historian (Pham Van Son) and country poet (Bang Ba Lan) family. His parents served in the U.S.-backed South Vietnam government during the Vietnam War and became prisoners of war from 1975 to 1982. Under the Special Release Re-education Center Detainee Resettlement Program (a.k.a. Humanitarian Operation), he and his family and came to the U.S. in the early 1990s. At the time, he was a second-year college student in electrical engineering at Ho Chi Minh University of Technology and Education in Vietnam, who barely spoke English. Dr. Pham worked hard to learn his new country’s language and though an older student, attended high school in Lincoln, Nebraska, graduating three years after arriving in the U.S. While in high school, he worked as a custodian for two hours before school started and in the evenings, he attended the Southeast Community College where he earned a degree of Associate of Applied Science with highest honors in electronic systems technology.

In the late 1990s, Dr. Pham went on to earn bachelor (magna cum laude) and master’s science degrees in electrical engineering from University of Nebraska, and in 2004 he received a Doctor of Philosophy in Electrical Engineering from University of Notre Dame under the support of 4-year Arthur Schmidt Presidential Fellowship - making breakthroughs for fundamental understanding of performance uncertainty quantification and management in stochastic dynamical systems.

Dr. Pham began his career at the Air Force Research Laboratory in 2004 as an aerospace engineer after graduating and conducting a 1-year research associate position at University of Notre Dame. He spent the next few years in diverse positions; e.g., in-house researcher, technical lead, project manager, contracting officer technical representative, and government lab advisor across Advanced Spacecraft Mechanisms, Dynamics & Control and Decision Support Systems programs within the Advanced Spacecraft Components Technology branch, honing his technical expertise and subject matter expert in control, estimation, multi-asset autonomy, and multi-level data sensor fusion. He brought systems-theoretic science and control engineering principles, together with teamwork and interdisciplinary to bear fruition in solving warfighter engineering problems, various areas of specific focus for increased activities in space control autonomy and space domain awareness.

He contributed to the analysis capability on satellite defense control. The Air Force Materiel Command Commander (General Bruce Carlson) recognized Dr. Pham with the Air Force Outstanding Scientist – Junior Civilian Award. His efforts have revolutionized space command & control autonomy for implementation into satellite pursuit-evasion methods as an Air & Space Force. For these research achievements, he received the prestigious Air Force Civilian Achievement Medal.

He was selected by the DoD as the DoD Laboratory Scientist of the Quarter, 3rd Quarter 2019, acknowledging his work begun 5 years ago in some core focus research areas of autonomous radio sensing, precision multi-user access, and agile radio resource management. The result has been delivering innovation and new technology to industry and Air Force programs by finding ways for new space communication technologies to withstand contested radio environments. 

Much of his recent work has been filling the gap, in which a hierarchical feedback framework to design and synthesize a class of hybrid ground and space precoders for multi-gateway multi-beam Satcom is currently missing. As the number of spot beams increases, the spectral resources associated with the feeder links of the gateways are required to increase proportionally. The present investigation explores a potential solution for on-board beam precoding, which is expected to lead to a significant reduction in the requirement of feeder link bandwidth. Relative to the interest of minimizing inter-gateway communication overheads, the advantage of uncooperative gateways is sought in the development of on-ground multi-gateway precoding. This research also has significant impacts to the Air Force missions and DoD. Unlocking commercial and allied access to keep up with demand increases for higher throughput and information superiority has been a major barrier to future US Space Force operations. 

The most reward has been his government service for academies and the Research and Development community at large. The government service at AFRL has allowed Dr. Pham to meet and connect with many outstanding students and faculty across US, while at the same time allowing him to communicate, influence, and collaborate with many entrepreneurs. It gives him many opportunities to gain experience in leading diverse teams of technical professionals across multiple theaters that include forethoughts, cultural differences and multidisciplinary teamwork that have enhanced his “global view” of the US Air Force. Working for AFRL has allowed him to go after opportunities to lead, plan, drive strategy, and move from an engineer, to a scientist, and eventual leadership role. Because of work performance, leadership, contributions to society and potential for continued excellence, as Dr. Pham looks back now he thinks he has come to understand what it really means for “Vietnamese by birth, American by circumstance, Asian-American by choice.”

Dr. Pham has continued serving as a research adviser for the National Academies’ Associate Research Programs. From there, after initiating various DoD relevant research topics for the Air Force Summer Faculty Fellowship for American Society of Engineering Education, he moved to being Panelists for Evaluation Committee on National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship, National Defense Science & Engineering Graduate Fellowship and Young Investigator Research Program of Air Force Office of Scientific Research, then to being an adjunct research professor for the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at the University of New Mexico. In these roles, he has advised and mentored numerous summer graduate students and faculty, mostly Asian American professors and students. He actively encourage students to apply for the National Science Foundation and DoD National Defense Science & Engineering Graduate Fellowship programs. As the recipient of the 2018 and 2019 Society of Asian Scientists and Engineers Scientist/Engineer of the Year and Professional Achievements Awards, he has not only demonstrated technical leadership to make innovation happen, but also has led by example and supported the Asian American Pacific Islander community with a path forward where most see obstacles.

The most satisfaction Dr. Pham has day-to-day is knowing he is able to serve, represent, and motivate a cadre of 100 plus high tech small businesses and entrepreneurs that represents the growth and development of so many future leaders and engineers by means of America’s Seed Fund. His technical outreach has impacted multi-million dollars of DoD’s science and technology investments, managed more than 100 research contracts, and interacted with more 70 companies. That is why the 4th Annual Champion of Small Business and Technology Commercialization Award Dr. Pham received in 2018 from Small Business Technology Council meant so much to him and why he continues helping small high tech businesses contribute at higher levels.

Dr. Pham has been a leading advocate for the development of game-theoretic operations research in the fields of military science, technology, and engineering in space domain awareness, space control autonomy, and protected satellite communications since 2004. He has organized and chaired 11 major conferences on sensors and systems for space applications. He was a distinguished guest lecturer at 26th International Conference on Telecommunications, Hanoi, Vietnam, April 2019 and IEEE Military Communication Conference, Norfolk, November 2019. He speaks at numerous conferences (American Control Conference, IEEE Aerospace Conference, IEEE MILCOM, etc.), invited talks and tutorials at American universities. Dr. Pham currently serves as Technical Editor of IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems for Intelligent Systems and Guest Editor for IEEE Transactions on Aerospace and Electronic Systems
Special Section on Industrial Information Integration in Space Applications.

In 2017 & 2018, Dr. Pham made appearances and was interviewed for his outstanding achievements on “Voice of America”, “The Pride of the Vietnamese” - the largest U.S. international broadcasters celebrating Vietnamese Heritage around the world and the Asian American Engineers of the Year. 


Ginger Lynn

Ginger Lynn (originally Ginger Lynn Allen; born December 14, 1962, Rockford, Illinois) is an Retired American pornographic movie actress and pornographic model. She was a major adult entertainment star in the 1980s. She later ended her pornography career, at which time she began using her full name.

Lynn later acted in B-movies and a few theatrical movies. Those include "Leather Jackets" (1992), "Young Guns II" (1990), "Whore" (1991) and "Trouble Bound" (1993). She also had an acting role in the television drama "NYPD Blue".

Lynn has received a number of awards related to her movie career.

Alfaro's tree frog

Alfaroi's tree frog ("Boana alfaroi") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Ecuador, and Colombia. Scientists think it may also live in Peru. Scientists have seen it between 176 and 350 meters above sea level.

This is a medium-sized tree frog with large eyes. The adult male frog is 27.9 to 36.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 39.7 to 49.2 mm long. It has wide discs on its toes for climbing. The skin on its back is the color of light coffee.

This frog lives in tropical rainforests. It hides during the day and looks for food at night.

This frog is named after Eloy Alfaro Delgado. He was president of Ecuador.

Eminent domain

Eminent domain (the United States or the Philippines), also known as a compulsory purchase or acquisition (the Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom, New Zealand and Australia) is the power of the national government, province or state to take private properties for public use. It does "not" include the power to take and transfer the ownership of private properties from one owner to another without a valid public purpose.

The most common uses of property taken under eminent domain were for roads, government buildings and public utilities. In the mid-20th century, a new application for eminent domain was pioneered, under which the government could take the property and transfer it under a private third party. This was initially only done to properties that were deemed "blighted" or called a "development impediment", on the principles that such properties had negative impacts against the owners of surrounding properties.

Namadi Sambo

Mohammed Namadi Sambo (born 2 August 1954) is a Nigerian politician who was Vice President of Nigeria from 19 May 2010 to 29 May 2015. Before then, he served as the Governor of Kaduna from 2007 to 2010.

Sambo attended his primary school education at the Baptist Primary School in Kakuri Kaduna state in the year 1959, he then moved to Kobi Primary School, in Bauchi state and finally went to Towns School, Zaria where he obtained his First School Leaving Certificate (FSLC). After completing his primary school education, Sambo went to Government Secondary School, Zaria and obtained his West African School Certificate (WASC) in 1971.

While in 1972, Sambo was admitted to School of Basic Studies at the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria (ABU) and later got admission to study Architectural science at the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria. Where he graduated in 1976 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Architecture (B.Sc,) (Hons)

Also, in 1978, Sambo went on and obtained a Masters Degree in Architecture (M.sc) from the same university. Lastly, in 1978, Sambo was posted to the Ministry of Works and Housing for his National Youth Service in Oyo states. 

In May 2007, Sambo assumed office as Governor of Kaduna State. Where by his term ended on 18 May 2010. Sambo had an 11-point agenda as Governor of Kaduna State which was mainly focus on empowering the youth and women of the community and to address a very good security for the state. While still serving as governor, he was picked by the president of Nigeria to become the Vice President of Nigeria in early 2010.

After the death of President Umaru Yar'Adua, Goodluck Jonathan became the President of Nigeria. Jonathan nominated Sambo as Vice President and his official correspondence conveying the nomination of Sambo for the VP position was received by the National Assembly on 15 May 2010. On 18 May 2010, the National Assembly approved the nomination.

On 19 May 2010, Namadi Sambo was formally sworn in as the Vice-President of Nigeria.

Bran

The bran (also called miller's bran) is a hard outer skin that covers a grain from a cereal plant, for example wheat. It has a type of cell tissue called aleurone. It has a pericarp, which is the part of the grain that has the seed in it. With the germ and endosperm, this forms a whole grain. In a refined grain, this layer, and the germ is removed. This part has fibre and some micro-nutrients like iron and some B vitamins.

Dubliner cheese

Dubliner is an Irish type of hard cheese made from pasteurized cow milk. It is aged for a year or two and mostly made by Carbery in County Cork. It is named after the city of Dublin.

The cheese has a sharp and sweet flavour.

Fiona Reynolds

Dame Fiona Claire Reynolds DBE (born 29 March 1958) was the Director-General of the National Trust until November 2012. 

Reynolds was educated at Rugby High School for Girls, an all-girls grammar school in Rugby, Warwickshire. She holds bachelor's degree in geography and land economy from Newnham College, Cambridge. She has postgraduate study at the University of Cambridge. She also Master of Philosophy (MPhil) degree in land economy. 

Reynolds held different positions in the Council for National Parks and the Campaign for Rural England before joining the Cabinet Office as Director of the Women's Unit. She was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE). She became Director General of the National Trust. She was a guest on "Private Passions", the biographical music discussion programme on BBC Radio. 

Reynolds was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours for "services to heritage and conservation". In 2019 she was awarded the Royal Geographical Society's Patron’s Medal for her contribution to environmental protection, conservation and the preservation of the British landscape.

Chloe Kim

Chloe Kim (born April 23, 2000) is an American snowboarder. She was the youngest person to win an Olympics snowboarding gold medal in the halfpike when she won it at 17 in the 2018 Winter Olympics. In the 2022 Winter Olympics, she repeated her win in the event.

Jordyn Woods

Jordyn Woods (born 23 September 1997, Los Angeles, California) is an American model, entrepreneur, socialite, singer, and YouTuber. She is known for her role on the reality television show "Life of Kylie" and for her YouTube videos.

Maddie Ziegler

Madison Nicole "Maddie" Ziegler (; born September 30, 2002) is an American dancer, actress and author. She is known for appearing on the Lifetime's reality show "Dance Moms" from 2011 until 2016. 

She is also known for being in many music videos by Sia, beginning with "Chandelier" and "Elastic Heart". She also acted in Sia's film "Music." Ziegler was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Simon Jenkins

Sir Simon David Jenkins FSA FRSL (born 10 June 1943) is a British author, newspaper columnist and editor. 

Jenkins went to Mill Hill School. He graduated from St John's College, Oxford, where he read Philosophy, Politics and Economics.

Exile (2020 movie)

Exile () is a 2020 Kosovan drama movie directed by Visar Morina and starring Mišel Matičević, Sandra Hüller, Rainer Bock, and Thomas Mraz.

Rommel N. Angara

Rommel Nazareno Angara ( ; ; born August 20, 1980), better known as Rommel N. Angara, is a Filipino poet and essayist. His poems were published in "Pambata", a magazine for Filipino children; "Sipag Pinoy", a publication of the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE); and "Liwayway", the oldest Tagalog magazine in the Philippines. His essays were published in "The Modern Teacher", a magazine for Filipino teachers. He is sometimes referred to as "Aurora's inspirational poet."

He was born in the town of Baler in the Philippine province of Aurora. He is the youngest of the sons of Rodolfo R. Angara, Sr. of Baler, Aurora and Milagros D. Nazareno of Goa, Camarines Sur. During his childhood through early adolescence, he witnessed his father’s occasional violence toward his mother, who eventually fled their house. During his childhood through early adulthood, he also witnessed the former’s occasional drunkenness and regular smoking. When he was a young adult, he worked as an office clerk, tutor, and houseboy. In late December 2015, he was diagnosed with Ménière's disease (MD).

He graduated as high school valedictorian in 1997 and as a commended college student in 2013 with a Bachelor of Secondary Education (BSEd) degree from the Mount Carmel College of Baler (MCCB), the oldest Catholic mission school in the province of Aurora.

A member of a broken family in his early adolescence, he turned to poetry writing for consolation. His first published poem was the children’s poem "Why Do They Cut Me, Lord?" which appeared in "Pambata" in 1998. He wrote some poems for "Sipag Pinoy" from 2000 to 2002 and for "Liwayway" between 2011 and 2012. Among the poems he wrote for "Liwayway" was the sonnet ""En Su Incansable Labor""  ("On Her Tireless Work") included in the National Library of the Philippines (NLP) catalog in 2012. As a poet, he has a firm belief that "a hundred ideas and a hundred sentiments" can be expressed "even with a single poetic line." He wrote some essays for "The Modern Teacher" in 2005 and from 2016 to 2020. Among the essays he wrote for "The Modern Teacher" was "Is It Time for You to Say 'I Do'?—An Open Letter to a Young Student in Love."

His life story was featured in the "Maalaala Mo Kaya?" ("MMK") May 21, 2016 episode “"Pasa"” ("Bruise") aired on ABS-CBN, with child actor Raikko Mateo and actor, model, and video jockey Diego Loyzaga playing the lead role. A trending topic in the Philippines on Twitter at Rank 1 for over four hours before midnight of May 21, 2016, the "MMK" episode  reached a 30.2% nationwide rating compared with the 15.0% and 1.5% ratings garnered by the "Magpakailanman" ("MPK") episode (GMA 7) and the "Wattpad Presents" episode (TV5), respectively. "MMK" is the longest-running television (TV) drama anthology in the Philippines and in Asia, featuring weekly inspirational stories of celebrities and common people, with Filipina media executive, movie and TV producer, and actress Charo Santos-Conchio as host-narrator.

Far-left politics

Far-left politics are politics further to the left of the left–right political spectrum than the standard political left.

The term "far-left" has been associated with some forms of anarchism and communism, or it characterizes groups that advocate for revolutionary anti-capitalism, anti-fascism and anti-imperialism.

A State of Madness

A State of Madness () is a 2020 Dominican Republic drama movie directed by Leticia Tonos and starring Luis José Germán, Jane Santos, Pavel Marcano, Ico Abreu, Rick Montero.

Pomosexuality

Pomosexuality describes people whose sexual orientation is not homosexual, heterosexual or bisexual.

Some pomosexuals may be queer or questioning; some may not.

Canis Major Dwarf Galaxy

The Canis Major Dwarf Galaxy ("CMa dwarf") or Canis Major Overdensity ("CMa overdensity") is a disputed dwarf irregular galaxy in the Local Group. It is in the same part of the sky as the constellation Canis Major.

The supposed small galaxy has a relatively high percentage of red giant stars. It is thought to have about one billion stars in all.

The Canis Major Dwarf is an irregular galaxy. It may be the closest neighbouring galaxy to us in the Milky Way. It is about 25,000 light-years away from the Solar System, and 52,000 light-years from the Galactic centre. It has a roughly elliptical shape and is thought to contain as many stars as the Sag DEG, the previous contender for closest galaxy to us.

The dwarf was discovered in 2003.

Several studies cast doubts on the true nature of this overdensity. Investigation of the area in 2009 showed only ten RR Lyrae variable stars. This is consistent with the Milky Way's halo and thick disk populations, rather than a separate dwarf spheroidal galaxy.

Sasha Banks

Mercedes Justine Kaestner-Varnado (born January 26, 1992) is an American professional wrestler and actress. She currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) using the ring name Mercedes Moné. She is also known for her time in the WWE from 2012 to 2022. In the WWE, she performed under the ring name Sasha Banks. After leaving the WWE, she wrestled for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) and World Wonder Ring Stardom from 2023 to 2024.

Varnado started her wrestling career in 2010 on the independent circuit. She has won the Chaotic Wrestling Women's Championship. She signed with the WWE in 2012, wrestling under the ring name Sasha Banks in NXT. She is a former NXT Women's Champion. Her match against Bayley at in October 2015 was the first women's match to be the last match of an NXT TakeOver event. It was also the first iron woman match in WWE history and the longest women's match in WWE history at the time. The match lasted 30 minutes. Their match was voted by "Pro Wrestling Illustrated" (PWI) as Match of the Year. Varnado was voted as Woman of the Year.

In 2015, Varnado stared wrestling on WWE's main roster where she won the WWE (Raw) Women's Championship five times. In 2016, she and Charlotte Flair became the first women to main event a WWE pay-per-view even and the first women to wrestle in a Hell in a Cell match. It was also the first time that the "PWI" award for Feud of the Year was won by women. In 2019, she won the first WWE Women's Tag Team Championship with her tag team partner, Bayley. In 2020, she won the SmackDown Women's Championship,in Hell In a Cell, This made her the third-ever WWE Women's Grand Slam Champion and the fourth WWE Women's Triple Crown Champion. That year, she was named Wrestler of the Year by "Sports Illustrated". At WrestleMania 37, Varnado and Bianca Belair became the first black women to main event WrestleMania. She was the third most tweeted about female athlete in 2021. 

In May of 2022, Varnado left the WWE. She then made her debut for NJPW/Stardom at Wrestle Kingdom 17 in January 2023 under the ring name Mercedes Moné, attacking the IWGP Womens Champion Kairi. She went on and won the title against Kairi at Battle in the Valley. On April 23rd she had a match against Mayu Iwatani at "Stardom All Star Grand Queendom", Mayu defeated Moné for the title. Moné went on and tried to capture the new NJPW Strong Women's Title. Even though she was set to win the match, she injured her ankle, making her unable to win.

On March 10, 2024, Varnado made her debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) at Big Business. The pay-per-view took place in her hometown of Boston.

Outside of wrestling, Varnado began an acting career in 2020. Her first role was the character Koska Reeves in the Disney+ series "The Mandalorian".

Through her father, Varnado is a first cousin of rapper Snoop Dogg, who helped make her in-ring persona. She is also a first cousin of music producer Daz Dillinger and singers Brandy Norwood and Ray J. She is a fan of K-pop music and the Japanese anime "Sailor Moon". Varnado calls Eddie Guerrero her favorite wrestler and inspiration. She was in attendance at Guerrero's memorial episode of "Raw" on November 14, 2005, in Minneapolis, and she also said she did not know Guerrero had died before she arrived at the arena.

On August 4, 2016, Varnado married retired professional wrestler Sarath Ton. The two met while they were both wrestling on the independent circuit. Ton, who is known by his ring name Mikaze, works as a costume designer for WWE.


Arctic rabies virus

Arctic rabies virus is a strain of "Rabies lyssavirus" that circulates throughout the arctic regions of Alaska, Canada, Greenland, and Russia. There have been no cases in Sweden or in the mainland of Norway in over 100 years. The virus is, however, found on Svalbard. No cases have been reported from Finland since 1989. The Arctic fox is the main host.

Arctic rabies virus belongs to the family "Rhabdoviridae" and the genus "Lyssavirus". Arctic rabies virus represents one of four genotypes of rabies, all of which have been shown to adapt to different hosts which include fruit- and insect-eating bats and the Arctic fox.

Perfect (1985 movie)

Perfect is a 1985 American romantic drama movie directed by James Bridges and starring John Travolta, Jamie Lee Curtis, Marilu Henner, Laraine Newman, Jann Wenner, Carly Simon, Chelesa Field, Paul Barresi. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Code Unknown

Code Unknown () is a 2000 French Austrian German Romanian drama movie directed by Michael Haneke and starring Juliette Binoche, Thierry Neuvic, Josef Bierbichler, Hélène Diarra, Ona Lu Yenke, Didier Flamand.


Sylvia (1985 movie)

Sylvia is a 1985 New Zealand biographical movie directed by Michael Firth about Sylvia Ashton-Warner. It stars Nigel Terry, Tom Wilkinson, Eleanor David, Mary Regan.


Control key

The Control key is a key of the computer keyboard. It does not enter any letter, number or symbol on the screen. It is a special key. It is called Control, but we write "CTRL" as short form.

Sky (video game)

Sky: Children of the Light (Chinese: Sky光·遇; pinyin: "Sky Guāng·yù") (shortened to Sky in-game) is an open world social indie adventure game developed and published by Thatgamecompany. It was first released for iOS on July 18, 2019. An Android version was later released on April 7, 2020, and a Nintendo Switch version was released on June 29, 2021. However, a beta was available since earlier, and is currently used by players to give feedback before a season or a change to the main game is implemented.

Battle of Svolder

The Battle of Svolder was the largest naval battle of the Viking age. It was fought on September 9, 999 or 1000. 

Sandino (movie)

Sandino is a 1990 Spanish Nicaraguan biographical movie directed by Miguel Littín and starring Kris Kristofferson, Joaquim de Almeida, Dean Stockwell, Ángela Molina, Victoria Abril, Omero Antonutti, Blanca Guerra.

Islamic University, Bangladesh

Islamic University, Bangladesh is one of the major public research and PhD granting universities in Bangladesh. It is the largest seat of in the south-west part of the country. It popularly known as Islamic University, Kushtia shorly IU. It is the only university in Bangladesh where Theology and seven others academic areas: Engineering and Technology, Humanities, Social Sciences, Sciences, Biological Sciences, Business Administration and Law are taught together in a multicultural atmosphere. It is the seventh oldest university in the country and the first university in Bangladesh created after the independence from West Pakistan in 1971. It offers undergraduate, graduate and PhD degrees.

On 1 December 1976 then government announced the establishment of the Islamic University to promote a coordinated approach to Islamic education and general education in the country. Islamic University, Kushtia was founded on 22 November 1979 at Shantidanga-Dulalpur (Kushtia-Jhenidah) by then President of Bangladesh General Ziaur Rahman, based on the recommendation of ‘Islamic University Planning Committee’ on 7 January 1977 headed by M. A. Bari including seven other members.

At present the university offers academic programs through its 34 departments under 8 faculties.

Claude Joseph

Claude Joseph (born 4 April 1960) is a Haitian politician. He was the acting President of Haiti from the time Jovenel Moïse was assassinated on 7 July 2021 until 20 July 2021. He was also the acting Prime Minister of Haiti since 2021. His claim to the presidency was also disputed with Joseph Lambert, who was nominated by eight senators of Haiti to succeed Moïse.

On 19 July 2021, Joseph resigned from acting president and prime minister to support his replacement Ariel Henry becoming the next leader.

WikiWikiWeb

The WikiWikiWeb is the first wiki, or user-editable website, like Wikipedia. It was launched on 25 March 1995 by its inventor, programmer Ward Cunningham, to accompany the Portland Pattern Repository website discussing software design patterns. The name "WikiWikiWeb" originally also applied to the wiki software that operated the website, written in the Perl programming language and later renamed to "WikiBase". The site is frequently referred to by its users as simply "Wiki", and a convention established among users of the early network of wiki sites that followed was that using the word with a capitalized "W" referred exclusively to the original site.

The software and website were developed in 1994 by Cunningham in order to make the exchange of ideas between programmers easier. The concept was based on the ideas developed in HyperCard stacks that Cunningham built in the late 1980s. On March 25, 1995, he installed the software on his company's (Cunningham & Cunningham) website, c2.com. Cunningham came up with the name WikiWikiWeb because he remembered a Honolulu International Airport counter employee who told him to take the Wiki Wiki Shuttle, a shuttle bus line that runs between the airport's terminals. "Wiki Wiki" is a reduplication of "wiki", a Hawaiian language word for "quick". Cunningham's idea was to make WikiWikiWeb's pages quickly editable by its users, so he initially thought about calling it "QuickWeb", but later changed his mind and dubbed it "WikiWikiWeb".


Whale vocalization

Whale sounds (or vocalization) are used by whales for communication. Whales can make different kinds of sounds, including growling and singing. The song of whales is a regular sound made by some whales (for example, baleen whale). Humpback whales make long, complicated songs. Some whales can sing and some cannot.

Scientists are not sure what the songs do. Whales as young as one month old make some songs. Among humpback wales, the male adults sing much more than other whales do, so scientists think it might be males competing for mates.

Unlike humans, whales do not pass air through vocal cords to make sounds. Bubbles do not rise up from a whale as it makes sounds. Some scientists think whales push air through holes inside their heads, called sinuses. They push the air across tissue called "phonic lips" or "vocal folds."

Due to their life in the water, whales and other marine mammals are very dependent on acoustic communication.

INN

INN may stand for:





Phenylpiracetam

Phenylpiracetam is an analog of the drug piracetam.

Research on animals has given some indication that phenylpiracetam may have anti-amnesic, antidepressant, anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, and memory enhancement effects.
Phenylpiracetam is on the lists of stimulants banned for in-competition use by the World Anti-Doping Agency. This list is applicable in all Olympic sports.


Languages of the Philippines

The Phiilippines are a group of islands between Malaysia and Taiwan. Many different groups of people live on the Philippines. Between 120 and 187 languages are spoken on the Phiilippines. For over three centuries, the Philippines were a colony of Spain. Amongst others, the Spanish introduced free public schools, which taught in Spanish. For a long time, the United States controlled the Philippines, so English is also commonly understood. In 1935, both English and Spanish were national langues. In the 1970s, when the Phliipppines had become independent, Spanish was dropped as an official language, and standardized version of Tagalog, called Filiipino was added. The 1987 constitution designates Filipino, a standardized version of Tagalog, as the national language and an official language along with English. Fililipino serves as a "lingua franca." It allows people from different language families to communicate."" On October 30, 2018, President Rodrigo Duterte signed into law Republic Act 11106, which declares Filipino Sign Language or FSL to be the country's official sign language and as the Philippine government's official language in communicating with the Filipino Deaf.

Filpino is used in everyday life, and when people from different language groups want to communicate. The government operates mostly using English. Including second-language speakers, there are more speakers of Filipino than English in the Philippines. The other regional languages are given official auxiliary status in their respective places according to the constitution but particular languages are not specified. Some of these regional languages are also used in education.

The indigenous scripts of the Philippines (such as the Kulitan, Tagbanwa and others) are used very little; instead, Philippine languages are today written in the Latin script. Before they became independen in 1946, the Philippines had been a Spanish and a United States colony. Baybayin, though generally not understood, is one of the most well-known of the Philippine indigenous scripts and is used mainly in artistic applications such as on the Philippine banknotes, where the word "Pilipino" is inscribed using the writing system. Additionally, the Arabic script is used in the Muslim areas in the southern Philippines.

Großweil

Großweil is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Oberau

Oberau is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Riegsee

Riegsee is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Saulgrub

Saulgrub is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Villingen-Schwenningen

Villingen-Schwenningen (; Low Alemannic: "Villinge-Schwenninge") is a town in Schwarzwald-Baar, a district ("Landkreis") in Freiburg. It has 85,838 inhabitants (as of September 2019). It is also the capital of Schwarzwald-Baar.

Villingen-Schwenningen lies on the eastern edge of the Black Forest about above sea level.





Source: State Statistical Office of Baden-Württemberg


Villingen-Schwenningen is twinned with:



Guido Cantelli

Guido Cantelli (27 April 1920 – 24 November 1956) was an Italian conductor. Most people thought he was one of the greatest conductors when he was alive. Arturo Toscanini liked him very much, and thought that he was his successor. When he was still young, he had already conducted some of the greatest orchestras of the world, and in 1956 he became the director of La Scala in Milan. But a tragedy happened, and the young Cantelli died in an airplane crash just a week later.

Cantelli was born in Novara in Italy. When he was a student, he studied with important Italian masters of music. In 1940 he started his conducting career, and in in 1943 he graduated from the Milan Conservatory. Toscanini saw him conducting at La Scala in Milan, and was very impressed by his performance. In 1945, Cantelli was performing in the most famous concert halls of the world, conducting the greatest orchestras.

The fame of Cantelli grew, and he was considered among the greatest conductors. At the same time he continued his studies, because he wanted to perfect his technique. In 1956 he became the director of La Scala, and was being considered the next music director of the New York Philharmonic.

But a tragedy happened, and only a week after he was named director of La Scala, he died in an airplane crash in Paris, France.

Cantelli left a wife and a 5-month-old child. Toscanini, who was in poor health (and died just some months later) was not informed of the death of his pupil.

Soues, Somme

Soues is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Manderlay

Manderlay is a 2005 Danish Swedish Dutch French German British Italian American drama movie directed by Lars von Trier and starring Bryce Dallas Howard, Grace Margaret Mulligan, Isaac de Bankolé, Willem Dafoe, Danny Glover, Michaël Abiteboul, Lauren Bacall, Jean-Marc Barr, Chloë Sevigny, Udo Kier, Virgile Bramly, Ruben Brinkmann, Doña Croll.


Sourdon

Sourdon is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Soyécourt

Soyécourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Surcamps

Surcamps is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Suzanne, Somme

Suzanne is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pontboset

Pontboset is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Tailly, Somme

Tailly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Schwaigen

Schwaigen is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.

Schwaigen has six districts:



Gunther's Brazilian tree frog

Gunther's Brazilian tree frog ("Boana guentheri") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Christmas Kisses (EP)

Christmas Kisses is the debut Christmas and extended play (EP) by American singer Ariana Grande. It was released on December 13, 2013 in most countries, and on December 17, 2013 in the United States, as a collection of two covers of classic Christmas songs, and two original songs.

Credits adapted from Discogs (standard edition).


Seehausen am Staffelsee

Seehausen am Staffelsee is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany. It is on the eastern shore of the Staffelsee lake.


Adelshofen, Middle Franconia

Adelshofen is a municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.

Saysomphone Phomvihane

Saysomphone Phomvihane (; born 12 December 1954 in Houaphanh Province) is a Laotian politician and member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP). In 2021, he became the President of the National Assembly.

Bounthong Chitmany

Bounthong Chitmany (; born 3 July 1949) is a Laotian politician and member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP). He was born in 1951 and is a former Governor of Oudomxay Province. In 2021, he became the Vice President of Laos.

Onsen

An onsen (温泉) is a bathing place near a hot spring. Onsen are in Japan. Going to an onsen costs about ¥1000 (US$9), which is about twice as much as going to a sentō bathhouse.

To count as a real onsen, the water must be at least 25° and have the right amounts of minerals, or dissolved rocks, in it. For example, the water must have iron, calcium and sulfur. Some onsen smell like rotten eggs because of hydrogen sulfide.

Many onsen have a hotel nearby. This kind of hotel is called a ryokan. Not all ryokan have onsen. Some ryokan are 1200 years old.

There have been onsen in Japan for all of history. People have been using the Dogo Onsen on Shikoku for as long as 3000 years.

Bathers at an onsen are there to relax, not to get clean. To keep the water from getting dirty, people at an onsen must shower before getting into the water. In very cold weather, it is sometimes all right to get into the onsen just for a short while to warm up, then go shower, then come back. Some onsen allow bathing suits, but most of the time, visitors must wear no clothes at all. This is to keep any clothes that might be dirty out of the water, and keep the water clean. When walking to the onsen, people cover their private parts with a small towel and then put the towel on their heads after they get into the water. People are not supposed to put their heads or hair in the water, and they are not supposed to have tattoos. This is because, in Japan, people think of the Yakuza criminals when they see tattoos.


Bouasone Bouphavanh

Bouasone Bouphavanh (Lao: ບົວສອນ ບູບຜາວັນ; born 3 June 1954) is a Laotian politician who was Prime Minister of Laos from 2006 to 2010. He was officially appointed to the office by the National Assembly of Laos on 8 June 2006.

Assassination of Jovenel Moïse

Jovenel Moïse, the president of Haiti, was assassinated by a group of unknown armed men. It happened in Port-au-Prince at his private home on 7 July 2021 at 1 am EDT. Moïse's wife, First Lady Martine Moïse, was wounded and was hospitalized after the attack.

Interim Prime Minister Claude Joseph has said that he is in control of the country.

Moïse was killed in the early hours of 7 July 2021, when unknown gunmen attacked his residence in Pèlerin 5, a district of Pétion-Ville, a suburb of Port-au-Prince. Martine Moïse, the First Lady of Haiti, was hospitalized from wounds sustained during the attack.

Neighbors of Moïse say they heard heavy machine gun fire shortly after the attack. Video taken by residents living near the site of the attack has the voice of one man with an American accent, speaking in English, who claimed over a megaphone during the attack to be a member of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration.

Those who orchestrated the assassination and their motives are unknown. The gunmen accused of being those who killed Moïse were identified as 28 foreigners, of whom 26 were Colombians and two Haitain-Americans.

Martine Moïse

Martine Marie Étienne Moïse (born 5 June 1974) is the former First Lady of Haiti and was the wife of President Jovenel Moïse. She was the country's first lady from February 2017 until the assassination of her husband on July 7, 2021. 

Martine Moïse was wounded in the same attack at their home in Pétion-Ville on 7 July 2021.

Mary Simon

Mary Jeannie May Simon (; born August 21, 1947) is a Canadian former broadcaster, civil servant and diplomat. She is the governor general of Canada since 2021.

Simon was born in Kangiqsualujjuaq, Quebec and briefly worked as a producer and announcer for CBC North in the 1970s. 

Simon served as Canada's first ambassador for Circumpolar Affairs from 1994 to 2004, and was a lead negotiator for the creation of the Arctic Council. She then was the Canadian ambassador to Denmark from 1999 to 2002. 

On July 6, 2021, the federal government announced that Simon was selected to replace Julie Payette as the 30th governor general of Canada. She became governor-general on July 26, 2021.

Kaduna

Kaduna is the state capital of Kaduna State in north-western Nigeria, on the Kaduna River. It is the capital of the former Northern Region of Nigeria. The first premier of Northern Nigeria, Alhaji Ahmadu Bello, conducted government business from Kaduna.

2021 Western North America heat wave

An extreme heat wave affected much of Western North America in late June and early July of 2021. The heat affected Northern California, Idaho, Western Nevada, Oregon, and Washington in the United States, as well as British Columbia, and, later, Alberta, Manitoba, the Northwest Territories, Saskatchewan, and Yukon, all in Canada. 

It resulted in some of the highest temperatures ever recorded in the region, including the highest temperature ever measured in Canada at 49.6 °C (121.3 °F), as well as the highest temperatures in British Columbia, in the Northwest Territories, and Washington.

The heat wave caused many huge wildfires, some reaching hundreds of square kilometers in area, which led to widespread disruption on the roads. One of them largely destroyed Lytton in British Columbia, the village where the record-high temperature for Canada had been set. The heat also caused damage to the road and railway infrastructure, forced closures of businesses, disrupted cultural events and caused widespread melting of snow on the mountains, some of which resulted in flooding.

The exact death toll is unknown. On July 6, 2021, preliminary statistics released by the British Columbia Coroner Service suggested 579 more sudden deaths than usual happened there. Deaths in the United States include at least 107.

2021 Philippine Air Force C-130 crash

On July 4, 2021, a Lockheed C-130 Hercules aircraft of the Philippine Air Force (PAF) crashed after an attempted landing at Jolo Airport in Sulu, Philippines. With 53 deaths, of which 50 people were on the aircraft and 3 on the ground, the incident is the deadliest aviation accident in Philippine military history.

The C-130 military plane was transporting troops from Cagayan de Oro, in Mindanao, to Sulu province when it missed the runway on the island of Jolo. The plane had attempted to land at Jolo airport, but overshot the runway without touching down. It failed to regain enough power and height and crashed at nearby Patikul village at 11:30 a.m. local time.

The Lockheed Martin C-130 aircraft had recently arrived in the Philippines. It was one of two aircraft granted by the US government's military financing program. The plane was considered to be in good condition. It had 11,000 flying hours left before it was due for maintenance.

Contempt of court

Contempt of court, often known as "contempt", is the offense of being disobedient to or disrespectful toward a court of law and its officers.

Prime Minister of Dominica

The prime minister of Dominica is the head of government in the Commonwealth of Dominica. The position was created on November 3, 1978, when Dominica gained independence from the United Kingdom.

Roosevelt Skerrit is the incumbent prime minister. He took the oath on 8 August 2004.


List of presidents of Dominica

The president of Dominica is the head of state which was created by the Constitution of 1978, the year of Dominica's independence.


Patrick John

Patrick Roland John (7 January 1938 – 6 July 2021) was the first Prime Minister of Dominica as well as its last Premier. He led Dominica to independence from the United Kingdom.

John died at a hospital in Roseau, Dominica on 6 July 2021 at the age of 83.

The Remix (Ariana Grande album)

The Remix is the debut remix album by American singer Ariana Grande. It features fifteen remixes of her singles from her first two studio albums: "Yours Truly" (2013) and "My Everything" (2014). It was released exclusively in Japan on May 25, 2015 and peaked at number 32 on the Oricon Albums Chart.

The Best (Ariana Grande album)

The Best is a greatest hits album by American singer Ariana Grande that released only in Japan. It features songs from her first three studio albums: "Yours Truly" (2013), "My Everything" (2014) and "Dangerous Woman" (2016), as well as her duet with John Legend, "Beauty and the Beast" for the "Beauty and the Beast: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" (2017) and "Faith" with Stevie Wonder for the "" (2016). It was released, digitally and physically, exclusively only in Japan on September 27, 2017, by Universal Music Japan.


Tulle massacre

The Tulle massacre happened on June 9, 1944 in the French town of Tulle, part of World War II. Civilians were executed by German soldiers in the 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich. 

After the Allies landed in Normandy, on the 6th of June 1944, there were partisan uprisings in most of the Massif central, and also in the Limousin region. They did this to support the allied invasion, and to make it more difficult for the German troops to get to the front line. There are not many people in the massif central. Partisans were able to get most of it under their control. They also attacked some of the towns, such as Guéret and Tulle. The German military forces were aware of this, and they took action. On the 7th of June, SS Gruppenführer Heinz Lammerding was given responsibility for the 2nd SS Panzer division "Das Reich". The division was to be used to fight against the resistance. Later it should head north to support other German troops. Other than fighting the resistance (called Maquis), they committed several crimes against the civilian population, amongst others, in Tulle. 

On the 7th and the 8th of June 1944, communist troops of the Francs-Tireurs et Partisans had entered the city of Tulle. They attacked German troops. There were several hundred of them. While they defended themselves, German troops also killed 18 employees of the railway station, in Tulle. These employees were paid by the Germans, and they wore white scarves, identifying them as civilians (under the Geneva Conventions). Several hundred German troops had been captured and locked in a school building, which was later put in flames. The partisans killed several hundred troops trying to escape from the burning school. Towards the evening of July 8, the FTP partisans were able to conquer Tulle. According to German reports "122 soldiers" were killed, wounded or went missing. The exact number is not known, and cannot be established today. The first units of the 2nd SS Panzer division reached Tulle on July 8. The partisans, who hadn't known they were coming, fled from the city.

On July 9, the German troops of the Panzer division took revenge on the civilian population, for "supporting the resistance". First, all men between 18 and 45 years old were arrested. They were put in the courtyard of the local arms manufacturer, Manufacture nationale d’armes de Tulle. There there were told, that they would be hanged in the city, in rows of 120 people. Walter Schmald, a SD person from Belgium decided who would be hanged. Before taking his decision, he talked to high-ranking government officials of the Vichy regime. As these people were collaborating with the resistance movement, they could convince Schmald to spare their friends, and to lower the number from 120 to 99. Next the soldiers of the Panzerdivision hanged these 99 hostages, who were more or less picked at random. They used streetlights and balconies for hanging them. Groups of residents were forced to watch the hangings. One of these groups was a group of about 600 teenagers, who were part of the Arbeitsdienst. Many high-ranking SS officials listened to music and amused themselves, while the soldiers were hanging the men. Both the people who were forced to watch, and those who were being executed probably heard the music. 

Peter Lieb, a military historian says, that even though the German troops overreacted, and that some of their actions were against the laws of war, the Tulle massacre can still be seen as a form of war reprisal. This does not apply to the Massacre of Oradour, committed a day later. Oradour is near Limoges, about to the northwest. Officially, 642 people were killed in Oradour, which makes it one of the worst massacres of the Second World War, by the number of victims.

After 1945, German courts did not convict Lammerding, for "Lack of Proof". In 1951, a court in Bordeaux found him guilty for the crimes he committed in Tulle and Oradour, and sentenced him to death (while absent). The French asked the British, who were occupying the part of Germany where he now lived (and was a successful businessman). to extradite him. The relationship between the two countries was bad, and the British officer in command said, he had never heard of Lammerding. Nevertheless, Lammerding "vanished" in 1954. When he reappeared in 1958, the German consitution made it illegal to extradite German citizens. In addition, a law came into force in 1955, which forbade to rejudge a case which had already been handled by another court of an allied power. This was only changed in 1975, after Lammerding's death in 1971. 

Vladimir Menshov

Vladimir Valentinovich Menshov (; 17 September 1939 – 5 July 2021) was a Soviet and Russian actor and film director. He was known for directing the 1979 melodrama "Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears", which won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.

Raffaella Carrà

Raffaella Maria Roberta Pelloni (18 June 1943 – 5 July 2021), better known as Raffaella Carrà (), was an Italian singer, dancer, television presenter and actress. She was known for her 1976 album "Forte forte forte". Her best known song was "A far l'amore comincia tu". Carrà starred in "Caesar the Conqueror" and "Von Ryan's Express".

Carrà died on 5 July 2021 in Rome of lung cancer, aged 78.

Affair in Trinidad

Affair in Trinidad is a 1952 American crime drama movie directed by Vincent Sherman and starring Rita Hayworth, Glenn Ford, Alexander Scourby, Valerie Bettis, Torin Thatcher, Howard Wendell, Steven Geray, Juanita Moore, Ralph Moody. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Richard Lewontin

Richard Charles Lewontin (March 29, 1929 – July 4, 2021) was an American evolutionary biologist, mathematician, geneticist, and social commentator. 

From 1973 to 1998, he held an endowed chair in zoology and biology at Harvard University, and from 2003 until his death in 2021 had been a research professor there.

Lewontin died on July 4, 2021 in Brattleboro, Vermont, at the age of 92.

Rick Laird

Richard Quentin Laird (5 February 1941 – 4 July 2021) was an Irish musician, photographer, teacher, and author. He was best known as the bassist and founding member of the jazz fusion band Mahavishnu Orchestra. He performed for them from 1971 to 1973.

In early 2021, Laird's daughter announced that he had entered hospice care. Laird died on 4 July, at the age of 80.

Luminița Gheorghiu

Luminița Gheorghiu (; 1 September 1949 – 4 July 2021) was a Romanian actress. She was known for her roles in "The Death of Mr. Lazarescu" (2006) and "Child's Pose" (2013). 

Gheorghiu died on July 4, 2021, at the age of 71.

Maidarjavyn Ganzorig

Maidarjavyn Ganzorig (; 5 February 1949 – 4 July 2021) was a Mongolian cosmonaut and academic.

In 1978, he participated in the Soviet Intercosmos program and trained for the Soyuz 39 mission.

Structural analog

A structural analog, or analog, is a compound that has a structure similar to that of another compound, but one of the components is different.

That which is different (between two analogs), can be that one or more atoms, functional groups, or substructures, are replaced with other atoms, groups, or substructures. 

Structural analogs are often isoelectronic (or often have the same structure (positions and connectivities among atoms) and the same electron configurations, but are different by what specific elements are at certain locations in the structure.)

Nikolai Slichenko

Nikolai Alekseyevich Slichenko (; 27 December 1934 — 2 July 2021) was a Soviet and Russian singer and actor. He was the chief director of the Romen Theatre in Moscow. He was the only Romani person to be honored with the People's Artist of the USSR (1981).

In May 2021, Slichenko was hospitalized in Moscow for respiratory failure. He died on 2 July 2021 in Moscow, aged 86.

Thieves and Liars

Thieves and Liars () is a 2006 Puerto Rican drama movie directed by Ricardo Méndez Matta and starring Steven Bauer, Elpidia Carrillo, Daniel Lugo, Lymari Nadal, Alba Raquel Barros.

Yury Dokhoian

Yury Rafaelovich Dokhoian (; 26 October 1964 – 1 July 2021) was a Russian Grandmaster of chess (1988).

On 1 July 2021, Dokhoian died in Moscow from COVID-19 at the age of 56.


Josh Culbreath

Joshua Culbreath (September 14, 1932 – July 1, 2021) was an American athlete. He competed mainly in the 400 meter hurdles—the national outdoor champion from 1953 to 1955. He won a bronze medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics. Culbreath was born in Norristown, Pennsylvania.

He made two guest appearances on "The Cosby Show", playing the character Colonel Sanford B. "Tailwind" Turner.

Culbreath died on July 1, 2021 in Cincinnati, Ohio at the age of 88.

Louis Andriessen

Louis Andriessen (; 6 June 1939 – 1 July 2021) was a Dutch composer, pianist and academic teacher. His music was neoclassicism and serialism.

Andriessen taught at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague from 1974 to 2012, influencing notable composers. His opera "La Commedia", based on Dante's "Divine Comedy", won the 2011 Grawemeyer Award for Music Composition.

In December 2020, Andriessen was diagnosed with dementia. He died on 1 July 2021 in Weesp at age 82.

Philece Sampler

Debra Philece Sampler (July 16, 1953 – July 1, 2021) was an American actress. She had television roles on "Days of Our Lives" as Renee DiMera, and the soap opera "Another World" as Donna Love Hudson. She also voiced the older version of Toph Beifong in "The Legend of Korra". 

She also voiced Mimi Tachikawa and Cody Hida from "Digimon: Digital Monsters", Tiptory in "Eureka Seven", and Hiyori Tamura from "Lucky Star".

Sampler died at the age of 67 on July 1, 2021 from a heart attack in Los Angeles.

Jeannette Altwegg

Jeannette Wirz CBE (née Altwegg; 8 September 1930 – 18 June 2021) was a British figure skater. She competed in ladies' singles. She was the 1952 Olympic champion, the 1948 Olympic bronze medalist, the 1951 World champion, and a double (1951 & 1952) European champion.

Steven Horwitz

Steven G. Horwitz (February 7, 1964 – June 27, 2021) was an American economist of the Austrian School. Horwitz was the Distinguished Professor of Free Enterprise in the Department of Economics in the Miller College of Business at Ball State University. 

In 2017, he retired as the Dana Professor of Economics Emeritus at St. Lawrence University.


Burton Greene

Burton Greene (June 14, 1937 – June 28, 2021) was an American free jazz pianist. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was most known for his work in New York City. His music had multiple genres, including avant-garde jazz and the Klezmer medium.

Janet Moreau

Janet Teresa Moreau Stone (October 26, 1927 – June 30, 2021) was an American track and field athlete. She competed mainly in the 100 meters. She competed for the United States in the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki, Finland in the 4 x 100 meters where she won the gold medal.

Stone died in Barrington, Rhode Island on June 30, 2021, at age 93.

John Lawton (musician)

John Cooper Lawton (11 July 1946 – 29 June 2021) was a British rock and blues singer. He was best known for his work with Lucifer's Friend, Uriah Heep and the Les Humphries Singers.

Lawton died unexpectedly in Bulgaria on 29 June 2021, at the age of 74.

Bonfoh Abass

El-Hadj Bonfoh Abass (; 23 November 1948 – 29/30 June 2021) was a Togolese politician. He was the interim President of Togo from 25 February 2005 to 4 May 2005. He was the President of the National Assembly of Togo from February 2005 to July 2013.

Victoire Tomegah Dogbé

Victoire Sidémého Dzidudu Dogbé Tomegah (born 23 December 1959) is a Togolese politician who has served as the Prime Minister of Togo since 28 September 2020. She is the first woman to hold the office.

Delia Fiallo

Delia Fiallo (4 July 1924 – 29 June 2021) was a Cuban author and screenwriter. She was known for writing many romance novel. She was nicknamed the "mother of the Latin American telenovela".

Fiallo died on 29 June 2021 at the age of 96, at her home in Coral Gables, Florida.

Ursula Happe

Ursula Happe (; 20 October 1926 – 26 March 2021) was a German swimmer and Olympic champion. She competed at the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne, where she won the gold medal in 200 m breaststroke. 

Happe died in Dortmund on 26 March 2021 at the age of 94.

John Polkinghorne

John Charlton Polkinghorne (16 October 1930 – 9 March 2021) was an English theoretical physicist, theologian, and Anglican priest. He was Professor of Mathematical Physics at the University of Cambridge from 1968 to 1979. He became an ordained Anglican priest in 1982. He was the president of Queens' College, Cambridge, from 1988 until 1996.

Polkinghorne died on 9 March 2021 at the age of 90.

Cliff Simon

Cliff Simon (7 September 1962 – 9 March 2021) was a South African athlete and actor. He was best known for his role as Ba'al in "Stargate SG-1".

He was killed in a kiteboarding accident in Topanga, California, on 9 March 2021, aged 58.

Petr Kellner

Petr Kellner (20 May 1964 – 27 March 2021) was a Czech billionaire entrepreneur. He was the founder of the PPF Group. He had a net worth of $17.5 billion, making him the wealthiest person in the Czech Republic.

On 27 March 2021, Kellner and four other people died in an Airbus AS350 B3 helicopter crash, while heliskiing in Alaska's backcountry near Knik Glacier, east of Anchorage.

Bisociality

Bisociality is a term used in sociology. It refers to social relationships and interactions between individuals of either sex or gender. When used as a standalone term for a specific person, it can express the person is not strictly heterosocial or homosocial.

Sapiosexuality

Sapiosexuality is a sexual identity to describe individuals whose sense of attraction is tied to intellect, intelligence or intellectual connections between persons.

Homoflexibility

Homoflexibility describes a sexual or romantic orientation characterized by experiencing attraction primarily to individuals of the same sex or gender with occasional exceptions directed to the opposite gender or sex. Homoflexibles may or may not identify as homosexual, gay, lesbian, or bisexual.


Oradour-sur-Glane massacre

On the 10 of June 1944, members of the German Schutzstaffel (SS) killed nearly all people in the village of Oradour-sur-Glane, near Limoges. Officially, 642 people were killed, 36 could flee, and survived the massacre. The village was completely destroyed. This event is known as the Massacre of Oradour today. 

It is comparable to the Marzabotto massacre, committed in Italy, or the Distomo massacre, committed in Greece. 

By the number of victims, it is the worst masacre of the Second World War, in Western Europe.

Injera

Injera is a type of unleavened flatbread. It is made by flour (either from teff, wheat, or sorghum) and water. It is then fermented until sour. It has a spongy texture. It is known to be eaten in Ethiopia, Eritrea, Djibouti, and Somalia. It can either be eaten as a side or used to put some foods on top of it.

Tower Prada

Tower Prada (Italian: "La Fondazione Prada") is a complex of museum buildings located in Milan, consisting of a permanent contemporary art gallery with works by various artists, including Jeff Koons, Walter De Maria, Pino Pascali, Damien Hirst, Carsten Höller, which frequently hosts many temporary exhibitions. 

The Foundation is characterized by several pavilions, some recently built like the tower, others that occupy the spaces of the ancient distillery "Società Italiana Spiriti" dating back to 1910. It is located in Largo Isarco, at the corner with Via Orobia in Via Lorenzini, south of Milan.

The tower was designed by the Dutch architect Rem Koolhaas, with the collaboration of the studio Office for Metropolitan Architecture, together with architects Chris van Dujn and Federico Pompignoli, and its inauguration took place on April 18, 2018. On 20 June 2018 he received the Compasso d'oro 2018 award.

Being an exclusive fashion and beauty center of global significance, the area of the Prada Foundation turns out to be a tourist attraction of a certain importance, which every year attracts thousands and thousands of visitors from all over the world. Inside it is possible to admire a multitude of houses in full Milanese style, which demonstrate the exclusivity of life and the place in which they are located, as well as the tenor of the same, certainly above the European average.

The Fondazione Prada area is one of the fastest growing areas of Milan, it is part, together with the districts of the Milan quadrilateral and the Brera district, of the richest and most luxuriant area of Milan so-called Platinum Triangle (literally "Platinum Trianglev") of Milan. The events of the Milan-Cortina 2026 Olympics will be concentrated in this area.

X-gender

X-gender () is a third-gender that is not M (male or masculine) or F (female or feminine). The term is used instead of non-binary and genderqueer in Japan.

IOS 15

iOS 15 is the fifteenth major release of the iOS mobile operating system developed by Apple for its iPhone and iPod Touch lines of products. It was announced at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference on June 7, 2021, as the successor to iOS 14, and released to the public on September 20, 2021.

On June 6, 2022, at WWDC 2022, its successor, iOS 16, was announced. iOS 15 was officially succeeded by iOS 16 on September 12, 2022.

Normani

Normani Kordei Hamilton ( ; born May 31, 1996) is an American singer, dancer and model. She auditioned on "The X Factor" as a soloist in 2012 after she became a member of pop girl group Fifth Harmony.

Booboo Stewart

Nils Allen "Booboo" Stewart Jr. (born January 21, 1994), is an American actor, singer and visual artist. He is known for playing Seth Clearwater in "The Twilight Saga", Warpath in "", Jay in the Disney television movie series "Descendants" and Willie in "Julie and the Phantoms".

Brandenburgers

The Brandenburgers were members of the German special forces unit during World War II. It was one of the most secret forces in the German land forces. The unit was formed by the German military intelligence organ, the "Abwehr".

H-Net

H-Net Humanities and Social Sciences Online is an international interdisciplinary organization of scholars and teachers dedicated to developing the educational potential of the Internet and the World Wide Web. It has become an “International, interdisciplinary network of scholars communicating and sharing resources through different interactive media. It is made up of nearly 200 discipline-specific networks.
H-Net is hosted by the Department of History at Michigan State University, but H-Net officers, editors, and subscribers come from all over the world.



Nothing But Thieves

Nothing But Thieves are an English rock band. It was formed in 2012 in Southend-on-Sea, Essex, England.

Herzeleid

Herzeleid ("Heartbreak") is the debut studio album by German Neue Deutsche Härte (alternative and groove metal with hints of electro-industrial and techno) band Rammstein. It was released on September 25, 1995.

Sikandrabad

Sikandrabad is a city in India. In 2011, about 385.000 people lived there. The city is located in Uttar Pradesh. It is about from Delhi and part of India's national capital region. The capital of Uttar Pradesh, Lucknow, is about away.

Abwehr

Abwehr was the German military intelligence for the German armed forces called Reichswehr and Wehrmacht. It was formed in 1920 and acted to 1945 during all the World War II.

PSX

PSX may refer to:

Abubakar Atiku Bagudu

Abubakar Atiku Bagudu (born 26 December 1961) is a Nigerian politician, senator and the current governor of Kebbi State, Nigeria. 

He obtained a BSc (Economics) from Usmanu Danfodiyo University Sokoto, Msc (Economics) from University of Jos and M.A. (International Affairs). 

Bagudu was former senator of kebbi central senatorial constituency which happened as result of by election. He contested in for governor in 2015 and won the position under All Progressive Congress.

Rahmatollah Javadi Chermahini

Rahmatollah Javadi Chermahini (, 28 June 1955 – 26 April 2021) was teacher and Gonabadi dervish (sufi).

He was born into a farming family in Chermahin, Isfahan, Iran.

Javadi was one of the revolutionaries in Iran in 1979.

Following the repression of religious minorities in Iran, Javadi's house was demolished in 2008 by extremists.

Honorific

An honorific is a title that shows esteem, courtesy, or respect for position or rank. It is used when addressing or referring to a person. Sometimes, the term "honorific" is used in a more specific sense to refer to an honorary academic title.

In the world of the past honorifics were highly visible. The difference between "Miss" and "Mrs" was fundamental in British social life (and, with variations, throughout Europe). It was not voluntary: you did not write a letter to a woman without using the correct prefix.

Technical prefixes could be tricky. What do you do if the recipient has several positions or degrees? In German, you would list them all: Herr Dr. Dr. Professor Professor (then addressee's surname). In English, the postscript Esq., for "Esquire" was usually added for a man.

If the person used the prefixes to refer to himself, that was regarded as low behaviour, egotistical. The one exception was the medical doctorate in the UK. A medical doctor could described himself as Dr. Brown, and he would be understood as being a medic. There were originally no PhDs awarded in British universities, and they were uncommon until after the Second World War. Civil servants signed letters "Your obedient servant" to emphasize their intermediate role between government and the people, or between Parliament and the people.

It is obvious that the Church and the Armed Forces have honorifics of their own. If, as in the Armed Forces, the use of honorifics is compulsory, are they really honorifics? Similarly with the Royal Families. Compulsory honorifics have been going out of favour. They can be enforced in some cases, but the tendency is to drop them in informal life.


Boana riojana

Boana riojana is a frog that lives in Bolivia and Argentina, where scientists have seen it between 1650 and 3416 meters above sea level. Scientists think it might also live in Peru, 500 to 1640 meters above sea level.

Demigender

Demigender describes non-binary identities of someone experiencing partial connection to certain gender.

Jyoti Gogte

Dr. Jyoti Jayant Gogte (born 26 March 1956) is an Indian author, most notable for her 2014 academic reference guide "Start Up & New Venture Management". She holds a PhD in Finance from the University of Pune. She is a former president of the Women's Cricket Association of India and Netball Federation of India. She has received the Udyog Chakra award from the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture.


Spatzenhausen

Spatzenhausen is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.

Spatzenhausen has three districts:



Uffing am Staffelsee

Uffing am Staffelsee (officially: "Uffing a.Staffelsee") is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Staffelsee lake.


Unterammergau

Unterammergau is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Wallgau

Wallgau is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky Air Flight 251 (2021)

Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky Air Flight 251 (PTK251) was a domestic Russian scheduled passenger flight from Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky to Palana, both in Kamchatka Krai in the Russian Far East. On 6 July 2021, the Antonov An-26 serving the flight crashed on approach to Palana. All 28 people on board were killed. The plane had crashed into a cliff when landing.

Roberto Hernández (sprinter)

Roberto Hernández Prendes (6 March 1967 – 5 July 2021) was a Cuban track and field sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres. He was born in Limonar, Matanzas. He won an Olympic Silver medal in 1992.

Hernández died of problems caused by heart disease in Havana on 5 July 2021, aged 54.

X-ray astronomy

X-ray astronomy is a field of astronomy that analyzes the x-rays coming from space. 

Most x-rays are filtered by earth's atmosphere so x-ray astronomy is usually done with telescopes that are on satellites in space such as the Chandra X-ray Observatory.

HM Treasury

Her Majesty's Treasury (HM Treasury), often known as the Exchequer, or unofficially the Treasury, is the department of the Government of the United Kingdom that is behind the government's public finance policy and economy policies. The Treasury also operates the Online System for Central Accounting and Reporting (OSCAR), that replaced the Combined Online Information System (COINS).

The possessive adjective (HM) in the name of the ministry changes depending upon the sex of the current monarch.

There are a few roles that are associated with the Treasury, such as the First Lord of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Walter Tetley

Walter Tetley (born Walter Campbell Tetzlaff; June 2, 1915 - September 4, 1975) was an American actor specializing in child impersonation during radio's classic era, with regular roles as Leroy Forrester on The Great Gildersleeve and Julius Abbruzzio on The Phil Harris-Alice Faye Show, as well as continuing as a voice over-artist in animated cartoons, commercials, and spoken-word record albums. He was perhaps best known as the voice of Sherman in the Jay Ward-Bill Scott Mr. Peabody cartoons in The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show. Tetley died on September 4, 1975 due to a motorcycle accident.

Bill Scott (voice actor)

William John Scott (August 2, 1920 - November 29, 1985) was an American voice actor, writer and producer for animated cartoons, primarily associated with Jay Ward and UPA, as well as one of the founding members of ASIFA-Hollywood. He was probably best known as the head writer, co-producer and the voice of several characters from the popular program "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show".

Fox and His Friends

Fox and His Friends (), also known as Fist-Right of Freedom, is a 1975 German drama movie directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder (who also stars) and also starring Karlheinz Böhm, Harry Baer, Adrian Hoven, Ulla Jacobsson, Christane Maybach, Kurt Raab, Walter Sedlmayr, Rudolf Lenz.


Charlie Ruggles

Charles Sherman Ruggles (February 8, 1886 - December 23, 1970) was a comic American character actor. In a career that spanned six decades, Ruggles appeared in close to 100 feature films, often in mild-mannered and comic roles. He was the elder brother of director, producer and silent film actor Wesley Ruggles (1889-1972).

Edward Everett Horton

Edward Everett Horton Jr. (March 18, 1886 - September 29, 1970) was an American character actor. He had a long career in movies, theater, radio, television and voice work for animated cartoons. He is remembered for his work in the films of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers.


Steam bath

A steam bath, steam room, or sweat bath is a way human beings wash themselves. Many gyms and health spas have steam rooms. Some steam baths, for example the Native American sweat lodge and Russian banya, are also about cleaning the spirit.

A steam room is heated. It is usually 110°F to 114°F (43 to 46°C). The humidity level is 100 percent so the water hangs in the air.

Many types of natural medicine and traditional medicine use steam baths. Scientists have also studied steam baths to see what they really do and do not do to help the human body. For example, one study looked at people with allergic rhinitis who took steam baths, some with medicinal plants in the steam and some with steam alone. The scientists saw that the steam bath helped all the patients whether they used plants or not.

Scientists say that sitting in a steam bath is good for circulation, or the flow of blood through the body. This is because the heat and steam make the capillaries get wider. The capillaries are the body's smallest blood vessels. Steam baths can also lower blood pressure and help skin heal.

Steam baths are good for the skin because they make the person sweat and they make the pores in the skin open.

Sitting in a steam bath after exercising can reduce muscle pain and preserve strength.

Sitting in a steam bath can make the body make more good body chemicals called endorphins and make less of stress body chemicals, for example cortisol.

Sitting in a steam bath can open up the sinuses in the nose, and help people breathe. Some scientists studied people with allergic rhinitis and found a steam bath helped them.

However, scientists have not found that sitting in a steam bath makes anyone lose weight. People who sit in steam rooms for too long can become dehydrated, meaning their bodies lose too much water from sweat. Bacteria and fungi like to grow in warm, wet places, so people with fungal infections should not sit in steam baths.

Many groups of Native Americans, for example the Lakota, use steam baths, also called sweat lodges. People from Europe have been writing about Native American sweat lodges since the 1600s. A sweat lodge is not only for getting the body clean; it is a spiritual thing to do. A sweat lodge is a hut or tent with a pile of hot rocks in the middle. A sweat leader keeps the rocks hot and sometimes pours water on top of them to make steam. Sometimes the leader has everyone pray or sing. People can stay in the sweat lodge for hours, sometimes going outside for a little while.

Some Finnish saunas are steam baths and some use dry heat.

Some super sentō bathhouses in Japan have steam baths in them, especially newer sentō.


Edo-Tokyo Open Air Architectural Museum

The Edo-Tokyo Open Air Architectural Museum is a museum in Tokyo that shows visitors different ways of making buildings. It is part of the Edo-Tokyo Museum. It is in Tokyo near Koganei Park.

Many old buildings were moved to the museum. Most of them are from the Meiji Period, which was in the late 1800s and early 1900s. It has houses, a fire house, a tailor shop and a Japanese bathhouse.

Grotta dell’Acqua Bianca

The Grotta dell'Acqua Bianca or La Ferrara is a cave located in the municipality of Mandello del Lario. 
The cave is the most famous one in Grigna studied for a long time by Leonardo da Vinci and mentioned in his Codex Atlanticus.

Leonardo da Vinci in Codex Atlanticus wrote in Italian: "…ma la maggiore è quella di Mandello, la quale à nella sua basa una busa di verso il lago, la quale va sotto 200 scalini e qui d’ogni tempo è diaccio e vento" (... but the largest is that of Mandello, which is at its base a busa facing the lake, which goes under 200 steps and here it is cold and windy at all times).

Numerous symbols and emblems in local churches of Lierna Lake Como area and other medieval structures also lead explorers to discover the important role of the Knights Templar in this region, including indications that Leonardo's painting may have served as a mysterious map to a secret passage in a area of ​​the Grigna mountain range known as Alpe di Campione. The rock formations, caves, waterfalls and breathtaking views of the Grigna massif and the surrounding Lierna mountains on Lake Como deeply inspired Leonardo da Vinci's development.

Leonardo painted The Virgin of the Rocks, now in the Louvre Museum in the Laorca cave of Lecco. In Lecco he drew the map of the city and the real Salvador Mundi known as the Portrait of Lecco. The Mona Lisa has the exact contours of the promontory of Bellagio seen from the top of the Monti di Lierna. The Mona Lisa symbol of union between opposites is represented as the union of the two branches of the lake in the most iconic place of all of Lake Como, the tip of Bellagio, creating the most romantic place in the world.
In the same Mona Liaa by Leonardo da Vinci in the background you can see Lierna, Mandello, Dervio, Bellano, San Martino, the Azzone bridge, Monte Barro, the peaks of Olgiasca, the views of the Adda from Calco to Brivio, the Rocca by Airuno. On the Mona Lisa's head appear the mysterious signs which are nothing more than the pins of the Sperada, the typical hairstyle of Lake Como that Lucia Mondella also used in the Promessi Sposi.

Leonardo uses the incredible shape of Lake Como to draw hands. The parallels between Alessandro Manzoni and Leonardo da Vinci are numerous and it seems that their families knew each other.
The Last Supper inside the refectory of Santa Maria delle Grazie in nearby Milan sees the profiles of its characters perfectly matching the profiles of Monte Resegone on Lake Como.

All of Leonardo da Vinci's paintings, except one, have a homage to Lake Como as he wrote in his Atlantic code of "fantastic things".
Every element represented and mentioned by Leonardo, many of the places around Lierna in the 60,000 drawings, are cultural, philosophical and historical esoteric references that create a real map yet to be discovered to pass on scientific, philosophical, astronomical and geographical knowledge.

The cave is also known as Ferrera. Visitors can see inside the traces of the past activities of extraction of iron hydroxides.
The cave, formed to karst phenomena, opens into the Esino limestone and is crossed by a stream that disperses underground. The void in the current entrance has opened in very recent times. It is possible that in the past it was made up of a set of galleries. 

The presence of water courses in the side tunnels and of some large springs under the cave means an underground circulation of water. This is currently unexplored.
The cave is accessible by climbing from Rongio, in 30 minutes along the signpost 14 or 18.


The Last King

The Last King () is a 2016 Norwegian drama movie directed by Nils Gaup and starring Jakob Oftebro, Kristofer Hivju, Pål Sverre Valheim Hagen, Thorbjørn Harr, Benjamin Helstad, Stig Henrik Hoff, Nikolaj Lie Kaas.


Shipwrecked (1990 movie)

Shipwrecked () is a 1990 Norwegian Fijian family adventure movie directed by Nils Gaup and was based on the novel by Oluf Falck-Ytter. It stars Gabriel Byrne, Stian Smestad, Trond Peter Stamsø Munch, Knut Walle and was distributed Buena Vista Pictures.

Ephemera

Ephemera are temporary written or printed matters. It covers a lot of things: trade cards, bookmarks, postcards, posters, many variants of the advertising etc.

This term is originally used to mayfly or something transitory or short-lived.

Ray of Light

Ray of Light is the seventh studio album by American singer Madonna. It was released on February 22, 1998 in Japan and 3 March 1998 was the worldwide premiere. This album is one of the most significant in the music world. In this album, Madonna used a new sound. 

"Ray of Light" won four Grammy Awards from a total of six nominations. The album debuted at number two on the US "Billboard" 200. 

"Ray of Light" is mostly an electronica and techno-pop album with many of genres, including ambient, trip hop, psychedelic music and Middle Eastern music. Mystical themes in the music and lyrics were inspired by Kabbalah, Hinduism and Buddhism, and Ashtanga yoga. 


Eddie Deezen

Edward Harry Deezen (born March 6, 1957 in Cumberland, Maryland) is an American actor and comedian. He played bit parts as nerd characters in 1970s and 1980s movies such as "Grease", "Grease 2", "Midnight Madness", "I Wanna Hold Your Hand", "1941" and "WarGames". He starred in "", "Mob Boss", "Beverly Hills Vamp" and "Teenage Exorcist". In animation, he is recognized for his distinctively high-pitched and nasal voice, which has been used for Mandark in the Cartoon Network series "Dexter's Laboratory", Snipes the Magpie in "Rock-a-Doodle", Ned in "Kim Possible" and the Know-It-All Kid in "The Polar Express".

Black Girl (1966 movie)

Black Girl (original French title: La noire de...) is a 1966 French Senegalese drama movie directed by Ousmane Sembène and starring Mbissine Thérèse Diop, Anne-Marie Jelinek, Robert Fontaine, Momar Nar Sene.

Moolaadé

Moolaadé ("magical protection") is a 2004 Senegalese Burkinabé Moroccan Tunisian Cameroonian French drama movie directed by Ousmane Sembène and starring Fatoumata Coulibaly, Maïmouna Hélène Diarra, Salimata Traore, Dominique T. Zeida, Mah Compaoré, Aminata Dao, Rasmané Ouedraogo, Ousmane Konaté, Bakaramoto Sanogo, Modibo Sangaré.


Talmas

Talmas is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Pierre Part, Louisiana

Pierre Part is a census-designated place (CDP) in Assumption Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Supreme, Louisiana

Supreme is a census-designated place (CDP) in Assumption Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Bordelonville, Louisiana

Bordelonville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Center Point, Louisiana

Center Point is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Fifth Ward, Louisiana

Fifth Ward is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lakeview, Louisiana

Lakeview is a census-designated place (CDP) in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Singer, Louisiana

Singer is a census-designated place (CDP) in Beauregard Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Sugartown, Louisiana

Sugartown is a census-designated place (CDP) in Beauregard Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Eden Isle, Louisiana

Eden Isle is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lacombe, Louisiana

Lacombe is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Hester, Louisiana

Hester is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Moonshine, Louisiana

Moonshine is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

North Vacherie, Louisiana

North Vacherie is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Avondale, Louisiana

Avondale is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Jefferson, Louisiana

Jefferson is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Carlyss, Louisiana

Carlyss is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Paulina, Louisiana

Paulina is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Romeville, Louisiana

Romeville is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

St. James, Louisiana

St. James is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States. 592 people lived here at the 2020 census.

South Vacherie, Louisiana

South Vacherie is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Welcome, Louisiana

Welcome is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. James Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Repsol

Repsol is the largest oil and gas company in Spain and one of the largest in Latin America. In 2020, Forbes ranked Repsol as the 645th largest companies in the world.

Until the 1920s, Spain did not have its own oil industry; all oil products were supplied to the country by large multinational companies such as Royal Dutch Shell. In 1927, the Compañia Arrendataria del Monopolio de Pétroleos Sociedad Anónima (CAMPSA, literally "Oil Monopoly Company") was created by the Primo de Rivera directory, which received the exclusive right to buy and distribute petroleum products at prices set by the state. In 1941, the first attempt was made to start oil production in Spain, but it was unsuccessful; by this time, three oil refineries were already working in the country.

In 1957, natural gas was also included in the scope of CAMPSA. In 1964, attempts to find oil in Spain were finally crowned with success, although the oil was scarce and of poor quality. The next year, offshore exploration began, and ten years later significant oil reserves were discovered off the Mediterranean coast. In 1965, the state-owned company Hispanica de Petróleos (Hispanoil) was founded to search for oil in Spain and other countries. In 1974, the three refineries were united into Empresa Nacional del Petróleo (ENPETROL), in which the state owned 72% of the shares. On December 18, 1981, most of the participants in the energy market were united into the National Institute of Hydrocarbons (Spanish Instituto Nacional de Hidrocarburos; INH).

In 1987, on the basis of INH, the Repsol company was formed, in which the state owned 100% of the shares. In 1989, an initial public offering (26%) was carried out, that is, the privatization process began, which was completed in 1997 with the sale of the last 10% owned by the Spanish government.

In December 2014 Repsol announced that it would buy Canadian oil company Talisman Energy for about $15.1 billion Cdn ($13 billion US).

The Repsol company makes all types of activities related to oil and gas. It produces oil and gas in 30 countries; it owns 6 refineries (including 5 in Spain).

Amok (1983 movie)

Amok is a 1983 Moroccan Guinean Senegalese drama movie directed by Souheil Ben-Barka and starring Robert Liensol, Miriam Makeba, Douta Seck, Richard Harrison, Gianni Garko, George Ardisson.

Indra Sistemas

Indra Sistemas is a Spanish group of companies working in the development of information technology, automated test equipment and weapons. The company is listed on the Madrid Stock Exchange and is a key part of the IBEX 35 index. In the 2020 financial year, it had revenues of 3,043 million euros and had more than 48,000 employees, a local presence in 46 countries and commercial operations in more than 140 countries.

The company is named after the ancient Indian god Indra.

About a third of the Indra's revenue comes from international markets.


Okja

Okja (; ) is a 2017 South Korean American action adventure movie directed by Bong Joon-ho and starring Tilda Swinton, Choi Woo-shik, Ahn Seo-hyun, Paul Dano, Jake Gyllenhaal, Shirley Henderson, Giancarlo Esposito, Lily Collins, Daniel Henshall, Devon Bostick.

Adore (album)

Adore is the fourth album by the American alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins. It was released on June 2, 1998 by Virgin Records.

As part of Virgin/Universal Music's reissue campaign, a special edition of the album was released on September 23, 2014. The release consists of the original album remastered and 91 bonus tracks of previously unreleased material, demos and alternate versions of "Adore"-era songs, and was released in five formats; the physical box set containing all 107 tracks, the digital deluxe edition containing 74 of the bonus tracks, as well as single disc CD and double-LP versions containing only the stereo remaster of the album. The digital version of the reissue was released on October 3, 2014.

The actual "Adore" album was remastered by Bob Ludwig. The entire set includes session outtakes and a mono version of the album, with Corgan saying the new mixes contain "elements from the original sessions that were stored digitally, but never used; such as some of the work done by Bon Harris".

The package also includes a DVD consisting of footage of the band's show from August 4, 1998, at the Fox Theater in Atlanta, Georgia.

William Carvalho

William Silva de Carvalho (born 7 April 1992) is a Portuguese football player. He plays as a defensive midfielder for Real Betis and the Portugal national team.

Sporting CP

Betis

Portugal U21

Portugal

Individual

Orders

Mercedes Bentso

Mercedes Bentso, full name Linda-Maria Roine, is a Finnish rapper. She has been active as a rapper since 2012, and her genre is Gangsta rap. Her songs tell about drug use in her past, and about her being a victim of violence.

The documentary film "Never Again" (from 2018), about Roine, has Aino Sun as film director.

Roine was born in 1993. 




Pau Torres (footballer, born 1997)

Pau Francisco Torres (born 16 January 1997) is a Spanish football player. He plays as a centre-back for Villarreal and the Spain national team.

Femme Fatale (movie)

Femme Fatale is a 2002 French German Swiss Liechtenstein American erotic thriller movie directed by Brian De Palma and starring Antonio Banderas, Rebecca Romijn, Peter Coyote, Eriq Ebouaney, Gregg Henry. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Count Dracula (movie)

Count Dracula () is a 1970 Spanish West German Italian Liechtenstein British horror movie directed by Jesús Franco and is based on the 1897 novel "Dracula" by Bram Stoker. It stars Christopher Lee, Herbert Lom, Klaus Kinski, Fred Williams, Maria Rohm, Soledad Miranda and was distributed by Gloria Film.


The Ghost of War

The Ghost of War () is a 1988 Nicaraguan drama movie directed by Ramiro Lacayo-Deshon and starring Elmer Macfield, Alenka Díaz, Manuel Poveda, Pilar Aguirre, Carlos Aleman Ocampo.

Templeux-la-Fosse

Templeux-la-Fosse is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Templeux-le-Guérard

Templeux-le-Guérard is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Conover, North Carolina

Conover is a city in Catawba County, North Carolina, United States. At the 2020 census, 8,421 people lived here.

Balkrishna Gogte

Balkrishna "Raosaheb" Gogte (16 September 1916 - 26 February 2000) was an Indian industrialist, philanthropist and educationist. He founded the Gogte Minerals company. He was the founding donor of Gogte Institute of Technology and Gogte College of Commerce in Belgaum. 


Boris Badenov

Boris Badenov is an antagonist of the 1959-1964 American animated television series "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show". He was voiced by Paul Frees in that series. Badenov's name is based on that of 16th century tsar Boris Godunov. His accent and explosive temper are a homage to American actor Akim Tamiroff, especially to Tamiroff's role in "The Great McGinty" a 1940 movie directed by Preston Sturges. Badenov was created by Bill Scott, who based the character's appearance on that of Gomez Addams.

Rocky the Flying Squirrel

Rocket "Rocky" J. Squirrel, also known as Rocky the Flying Squirrel is a plucky flying squirrel and one of the two main protagonists of the 1959-1964 animated television series The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show, produced by Jay Ward. Rocky is the best friend and ally of the western moose Bullwinkle. Both Rocky and Bullwinkle were given the middle initial "J" as a reference to Ward.

Voice actor June Foray was Rocky's voice.

Caprimulgiformes

The Caprimulgiformes is an order of birds. They are generally insectivorous and nocturnal. If they are joined as a clade with the Apodiformes, the group is then known as the Strisores.

Coming Home (New Found Glory album)

Coming Home is the fifth studio album by American rock band New Found Glory. It was released on September 19, 2006.

Dudley Do-Right

Dudley Do-Right is a fictional character. Alex Anderson with Chris Hayward and Allan Burns made Dudley Do-Right. He is the main character of the "Dudley Do-Right of the Mounties" segments on "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show". These segments make jokes about early 20th century melodrama and silent film. For example, the only sound in theses segments is a piano, like in silent films.

Strisores

Strisores is a clade of birds. It includes the Caprimulgiformes and some of the Apodiformes. The relationships of these groups is not yet settled.

Montholon

Montholon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Yonne department in central France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Aillant-sur-Tholon (the seat), Champvallon, Villiers-sur-Tholon and Volgré.


List of Azerbaijani-language television channels

This is a list of Azerbaijani language television channels.





Boana joaquini

Boana joaquini is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives high in the hills where "Araucaria" trees grow.

Tertry

Tertry is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Tertry was the site of the Battle of Tertry in 687, where Pepin of Herstal defeated Berchar, mayor of the palace of Neustria.

Thennes

Thennes is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Barataria, Louisiana

Barataria is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ampfing

Ampfing is a municipality in Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Ampfing is in the region Southeast-Upper-Bavaria (Südostoberbayern) in the valley of river Isen.

Keshav Dutt

Keshav Chandra Dutt also spelt as Keshav Datt (29 December 1925 – 7 July 2021) was an Indian field hockey player and played as a halfback. He was a part of the team that won gold medals at the 1948 and 1952 Olympics. He made 22 international appearances for India and scored two goals in his career.

Dutt died on 7 July 2021 at the age of 95 in Kolkata.

Adrian Metcalfe

Adrian Peter Metcalfe (2 March 1942 – 8 July 2021) was a British athlete. He mainly competed in the 400 metres. He won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics. Metcalfe was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire.

Metcalfe died on 8 July 2021, aged 79.

First Lady of Egypt

First Lady of Egypt () is the unofficial title of the wife of the president of Egypt.

Naglaa Mahmoud, wife of former president Mohamed Morsi (2012-2013), did not want to have the title of First Lady. She wanted to be called the "First Servant," the "president's wife," or "Um Ahmed,".

Entissar Amer

Entissar Amer (; born 3 December 1956) is an Egyptian socialite. She is the current First Lady of Egypt, since her husband Abdel Fattah el-Sisi became the Sixth President of Egypt in 2014.

Suzanne Mubarak

Suzanne Mubarak ( , née Thabet; born 28 February 1941) is an Egyptian philanthropist and socialite. She is the widow of Egyptian former president Hosni Mubarak. Mubarak was the First Lady of Egypt during her husband's presidency from 1981 to 2011. 

She was Goodwill Ambassador of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization. Mubarak founded the Cairo Child Museum.

Naglaa Mahmoud

Naglaa Ali Mahmoud (, born 4 July 1962) wife fifth President of Egypt, Mohamed Morsi. She was the First Lady of Egypt from 2012 to 2013. 

Naglaa rejected the title of First Lady. She wanted to be called the "First Servant".

Isidore Mankofsky

Isidore Mankofsky (September 22, 1931 – March 11, 2021) was an American cinematographer. He was best known for his work "The Muppet Movie" (1979) and "The Jazz Singer" (1980).

He died at his home in Los Angeles, California in March 2021 at the age of 89.

Larry McMurtry

Larry Jeff McMurtry (June 3, 1936March 25, 2021) was an American novelist, essayist, bookseller, and screenwriter. His novels included "Horseman, Pass By" (1962), "The Last Picture Show" (1966), and "Terms of Endearment" (1975). Movies inspired by McMurtry's works earned 34 Oscar nominations (13 wins).

His 1985 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, "Lonesome Dove," was made into a television miniseries that earned 18 Emmy Award nominations (seven wins).

McMurtry died on March 25, 2021, at his home in Archer City, Texas from congestive heart failure, aged 84.

Ivo Trumbić

Ivo Trumbić (2 April 1935 – 12 March 2021) was a Croatian water polo player. 

Trumbić coached the Netherlands to a bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was one of the few sportspeople who won Olympic medals in water polo as a player and head coach.

Goodwill Zwelithini

King Goodwill Zwelithini kaBhekuzulu (27 July 1948 – 12 March 2021) was the reigning King of the Zulu nation from 1968 to his death. 

Zwelithini died of COVID-19 in Durban on 12 March 2021, aged 72.

Bathhouse

A bathhouse is a building where people can bathe. In some bathhouses, people put their whole bodies in the water. In others, people clean themselves using steam or even sweat. Bathhouses are usually communal, which means people take baths together and not alone. Some bathhouses are only about getting clean and other bathhouses are also a place for people to talk to each other.

In the early 1900s, archaeologists found ruins of a bathhouse in Mohenjo-daro. This is in Pakistan today. The bathhouse was built around 2500 b.c.e. It was made out of bricks and it might have been part of a temple. Archaeologists found a Jewish mikveh from the 500s c.e. in ruins underneath Syracuse.

By 300 BC, bathhouses called "thermae" were common in Ancient Roman towns. The Roman writer Tiberius Claudius Secundus wrote, "Baths, drink and sex corrupt our bodies, but baths, drink and sex make life worth living."

People in Japan and Korea have been using hot springs for bathing for thousands of years. People started bathing at the Dogo Onsen on Shikoku 3000 years ago.

The Roman Empire and Byzantine Empire affected bathing in the Middle East. The Middle Eastern hammam bath is like a Roman bath: A place to get clean and to talk to other people. In the 600s and 700s c.e., the Umayyad caliphs built baths with mosaic decorations on the floors.
In the Medieval period, there were many baths, called hammam in the Middle East. Baghdad may have had 60,000 bathhouses. Unlike in Roman baths, men and women did not bathe together. There were different places for men and women.
In Medieval Europe most people who lived in towns went to bathhouses to bathe. The medical book "Secreta Secretorum" has a chapter on bathing. It said winter and spring were good times to bathe but that people should not bathe in summer. By 1200 AD, there were 32 bathhouses in Paris. Bathhouses were often right next to the town bakery so the heat from the ovens could make the water hot. In Germany in the 1400s, some people ate meals in baths. Sometimes bathhouses were brothels in disguise. When the disease syphilis reached Europe, bathhouses became less popular there.

In the Victorian period a diplomat called David Urquhart went to the Ottoman Empire, where he saw Ottoman baths. He came back to England and built bathhouses there. A person called Sinan built many baths. Some were for rich people and some were to clean the poor. This happened before indoor plumbing, which let almost every house have its own bathtub.

People in other countries built bathhouses near hot springs too. The most famous bathhouses in the United States may be Bathhouse Row in Hot Springs National Park Arkansas, eight buildings made between 1892 and 1923.

In the United States, people built bathhouses, especially during the Progressive Era, when people thought the government should help people live better lives. Indoor plumbing and pipes had made it much easier to be clean. People in the United States thought of being clean as part of being a good person, so rich and middle-class Americans built bathhouses for poorer people. New York City opened the People's Baths in 1891. It was popular, so many other public bathhouses were built. However, these bathhouses were about getting clean, not relaxing. Bathers were not allowed to stay long, and there was no place in the bathhouse to relax or talk with other people.

According to writer Mikkel Aaland, people in Africa south of the Sahara Desert built sweat lodges to make sick people well.

Bathhouses became an important part of gay culture in the United States. The government ordered most of them closed after people in the United States caught AIDS in the 1970s and 1980s.

Some bathhouses are cellular baths, meaning they have many smaller tubs. Other bathhouses are steam baths, with all the bathers sitting around something hot, like hot rocks or fire.

In many cultures, people said the bathhouse was good for the health. They especially said this about hot bathhouses, such as saunas and onsen. In Mesoamerica, people said the hot temazcal bath would heal the sick by making evil spirits leave.

Scientists have done experiments to see if baths really do help human health. In addition to keeping the body clean, some types of steam baths or other hot baths can improve circulation, blood pressure and diseases of the nose and breathing.


Kiyoko Ono

On 13 March 2021 Ono died from COVID-19 at the age of 85.

Henry Darrow

Henry Darrow (born Enrique Tomás Delgado Jiménez; September 15, 1933 – March 14, 2021) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Manolito "Mano" Montoya on the 1960s television series "The High Chaparral". Darrow replaced Efrem Zimbalist Jr. as Zorro's father Don Alejandro de la Vega in the 1990s television series "Zorro".

Darrow died of natural causes on March 14, 2021 in Wilmington, North Carolina, at the age of 87.

Sabine Schmitz

Sabine Schmitz (; 14 May 1969 – 16 March 2021) was a German professional motor racing driver and television personality. She was known for racing BMW and Porsche.

She also appeared on BBC's Top Gear, making many appearances alongside several of the programme's presenters. 

In 2017, Schmitz was diagnosed with cancer. She died from the disease on 16 March 2021 at a hospital in Trier, Germany at the age of 51.

Fiumelatte Cave

The Fiumelatte Cave is a cave in the municipality of Fiumlatte near Lierna Lake Como in the Center Lake area, for a long time by Leonardo da Vinci, while staying in Lierna, and mentioned in his Code Atlantic. In the 1600s the sons of the high nobility had to visit it as part of the Grand Tour to form their culture.
The cave was sacred in Celtic antiquity. Many popular legends are told about it. Its access is very easy, and has been the subject of several artistic representations. Near the cave at the foot of the mountain, it is possible to reach a further unique cave to preserve the millenary perennial ice called the Ghiacciaia del Moncodeno.

Fiumelatte water river begins to appear around March 25 of each year to disappear on October 7. Among his first to deal with the mystery we find even Leonardo da Vinci, in his Codex Atlanticus. The characteristics of Fiumelatte have given birth to several legends. The most famous tells us of a splendid girl with blue eyes and blond hair, courted by many suitors who promised her heart to anyone who would reveal the origin of Fiumelatte. The young suitors entered the cave and then came out after a long time prematurely aged and mute, paralyzed by who knows what encounters and visions.

There is a relation between the cave and the karst system shown in the mountain's summit that gives rise to the perennial ice. In 1989 there was a scientific proof. This confirmed the ancient studies by Leonardo da Vinci. His study described the flow of the particular beneficial waters under these mountain as "the veins of the human body". The study of water has always been one of the most cherished times by Leonardo da Vinci who traveled long time to the paths of these mountains.

The cave was studied for a long time by Leonardo da Vinci who describes it in Codex Atlanticus with the term "fiumleaccio".

Leonardo da Vinci was very attached to Lake Como. The Mona Lisa, whose outlines follow the promontory of Bellagio on Lake Como seen from above, gives a glimpse in the background of the bridge of Azzone Visconti in 1300, with its arches, and the mountains of Lecco on Lake Como such as Monte Barro and the course of the Adda which becomes the lake of Garlate, while on the left is the San Martino. The Mona Lisa's hairstyle is a "sperada", the typical sunburst linked to the iconography of Lucia Mondella. Pascal Cotte, the scholar who was granted the honor of analyzing Leonardo's painting with a particular photographic camera, has highlighted around the head of the Mona Lisa twelve pins typical of the women of Lierna on Lake Como, where Leonardo da Vinci stayed to study its mountains and the Fiumelatte present in its Codex Atlanticus, and the tradition of the surrounding territories.

Even the painting by Leonardo da Vinci, "The Virgin of the Rocks", kept in the Louvre, is located in the cave of Lecco in Laorca. In the painting you can see the spikes of the Val Calolden, the Sasso Cavallo and the Sasso Carbonari. It is not a question of random elements, but of sought-after references, to trace a historical map of the Sforza of Milan. Leonardo also made the map of Lecco, A plan of the city before the construction of the sixteenth-century walls designed by Leonardo da Vinci, in which you can clearly see the fourteenth-century fortifications, the arc of the lakefront, the course of one of the streams that crosses the city with four mills and a tower, now incorporated in the walls. In the Windsor codes, we can trace drawings of snowy crests that belong to the Lecco landscape. We list, among all, the central massif of the Grigne, seen from the Brianza mountains that he traveled. The jagged profile of Due Mani and Resegone portrayed from Lake Oggiono and from Garlate. The hurricane in a valley between the mountains that among the low clouds, gathered between Moregallo and S. Martino, shakes the Lecco basin with winds.

The mountain trails of Lierna and the Fiumelatte cave were one of the most interesting attractions of the Grand Tour, a long journey in Continental Europe undertaken by the rich of the aristocracy European since 17th century and destined to perfect their knowledge. For this reason there are many high quality prints depicting this river, at the time called "the shortest river in the world".

Others who described its peculiarities were Pliny the Elder and Spallanzani.

The cave has galleries placed at various levels and characterized by the presence of a main fault, over 60 meters are under water.

At the top of the caves, you’ll find the Ninfeo di Fiumelatte. A nymphaeum built by the ancient Romans as a stone monument decorated with plants and flowers to serve as a sanctuary and assembly chamber consecrated to the Nymphs. Nymphs are mythological creatures, small and beautiful female nature deities, similar to mermaids. They were known as the water gods and a large reason for the Fiumelatte creek’s fresh water supply.



Antón García Abril

Antón García Abril (19 May 1933 – 17 March 2021) was a Spanish composer and musician. He composed the music for Amando de Ossorio's "Blind Dead" movie series, being "Tombs of the Blind Dead" (1972), "Return of the Blind Dead" (1973), "The Ghost Galleon" (1974) and "Night of the Seagulls" (1975).

Team Hoyt

Team Hoyt refers to father Dick Hoyt (June 1, 1940 – March 17, 2021) and his son Rick Hoyt (born January 10, 1962) were American triathlon runners and athletes from Holland, Massachusetts. They competed in marathons and Ironman Triathlons. 

Rick has cerebral palsy. During competition, Dick pulled Rick in a special boat as they would swim, carried him in a special seat in the front of a bicycle, and pushed him in a special wheelchair as they ran. 

Dick Hoyt died at his home and in his sleep in Holland, Massachusetts, on March 17, 2021. He was 80 years old.

Holland, Massachusetts

Holland is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 2,603 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Yevgeny Nesterenko

Yevgeny Yevgenievich Nesterenko (; 8 January 1938 – 20 March 2021) was a Soviet and Russian operatic bass. He was known for his appearances with Bolshoi Theatre. He was known for the title role of Mussorgsky's "Boris Godunov". He wrote music for him such as "Suite on Verses of Michelangelo" by Dmitri Shostakovich. 

He was a teacher at Moscow Conservatory and the Music and Arts University of the City of Vienna.

Nesternko died on 20 March 2021 in Vienna from COVID-19, aged 83.

Ezra T. Newman

Ezra Theodore (Ted) Newman (October 17, 1929 – March 24, 2021) was an American physicist. He was known for his many works to general relativity theory. He was Professor Emeritus at the University of Pittsburgh. Newman was awarded the 2011 Einstein Prize from the American Physical Society.

Toshihiko Koga

Koga died of cancer on March 24, 2021 at the age of 53.

Adam Zagajewski

Adam Zagajewski (21 June 1945 – 21 March 2021) was a Polish poet, novelist, translator, and essayist. He was awarded the 2004 Neustadt International Prize for Literature. He was thought to be a leading poet of the Generation of '68, or Polish New Wave (Polish: "Nowa fala"), and one of Poland's most well known contemporary poets.

Zagajewski died on 21 March 2021 at the age of 75 in Krakow.

Hana Hegerová

Hana Hegerová (20 October 1931 – 23 March 2021) was a Slovak singer and actress. She retired in 2011 because of health problems.

In December 2014, she was hospitalized with serious heart problems in Prague.

Hegerová died on 23 March 2021 in Prague from heart failure, aged 89.


John Crichton-Stuart, 7th Marquess of Bute

John Colum Crichton-Stuart, 7th Marquess of Bute (26 April 1958 – 22 March 2021), styled Earl of Dumfries before 1993, was a Scottish peer and a racing driver. He won the 1988 24 Hours of Le Mans. He did not use his title and wanted to be known as John Bute. 

He died of cancer on 22 March 2021, aged 62.

Fergal Reilly

Fergal Reilly is an Irish-American film director, storyboard artist, voice actor and animator best known for directing the 2016 animated film The Angry Birds Movie.

William Smith (actor)

William Smith (March 24, 1933 – July 5, 2021) was an American actor. He was known for his role as Anthony Falconetti in the 1970s television mini-series "Rich Man, Poor Man". Smith is also known for his roles in "Any Which Way You Can" (1980), "Conan The Barbarian" (1982), "Rumble Fish" (1983), and "Red Dawn" (1984).

Smith died at a retirement home in Los Angeles, California on July 5, 2021 at the age of 88.

Geoff Makhubo

Moloantoa Geoffrey Makhubo (8 February 1968 – 9 July 2021) was a South African politician. He was the Mayor of Johannesburg from December 2019 until his death from COVID-19 in July 2021. He was a member of the African National Congress.

Makhubo died of COVID-19 on 9 July 2021 in Johannesburg, aged 53.

Villa Lario Resort

The Villa Lario is a Renaissance villa in the commune of Mandello del Lario on the shores of Lake Como in northern Italy. Since 2015 the villa has been designated as a 5-star luxury hotel and is part of a resort complex. 

The Lario resort has a heliport, and docking for boats and seaplanes.

In the hotel there is the Italian Chef Enrico Derflingher (2 Michelin stars), former Chef at the White House for George Bush Senior and at Buckingham palace for the Queen Elizabeth of England and Prince Charles of Wales.

Villa Lario out of the old center of Mandello and near Lierna in part of the Lake Centre ), which includes the most important and luxurious area of Lake Como, known for its peculiar position at the intersection of the three branches of the water basin, "Y-shaped" with Bellagio in the centre embracing the "Borgo" ancient villages ranging from Льерна to Sala Comacina in the south to Menaggio and Varenna in the north. Prominent towns in this area include Bellagio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, Varenna, Menaggio, Olcio, Limonta, Vergonese, San Giovanni (Bellagio), Cadenabbia, Perledo, Sala Comacina, Lenno, Azzano, Griante, Perledo, Visgnola, Ossuccio, San Giovanni (Bellagio), Tremezzina, Tremezzo.

Hadaka no tsukiai

Hadaka no tsukai is an idea in Japanese culture. It is the idea of spending time together naked. Hadaka no tsukai friendships are not sexual. They are platonic.

A family, a group of housewives from the same neighborhood, a group of businessmen, or a group of classmates might spend time together naked at a sentō bathhouse, at an onsen hot spring, or at a health club. This makes them feel like a group.

April Stewart

April Stewart (born April 1, 1969) is an American voice actress, best known for voicing many adult and child female characters on the Comedy Central American adult animated series South Park created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone.

Surrender (1987 movie)

Surrender is a 1987 American comedy movie directed by Jerry Belson and starring Sally Field, Michael Caine, Peter Boyle, Jackie Cooper, Steve Guttenberg, Julie Kavner, Louise Lasser. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Banya

A banya is a Russian wooden house with a steam room. It is also refers to bathhouse. The banya has also a wood stove to make heat. The main idea of banya is to cause sweat in the bathers.

Usually, the banya (wooden house) is near a river. The bathers jump into the river to cool down after being in the banya.

In 440 b.c.e., the Ancient Greek history writer Herodotus wrote about people who live in what is Russia today.

One early mention of the banya is in the "Königsberg Letopis." The first full description of a banya is in the East Slavic "Primary Chronicles" of 1113.

At some times in history, women would go to the banya to give birth to babies. After a funeral, the friends and family of a dead person sometimes go to a banya together.

Throughout Russian history, the banya has been used by people in all classes. Poor workers would get clean in a banya after work. Rich Russians sometimes had private banya. Sometimes, the bather will jump into a river or a pile of snow instead.

Today, banya have separate places for men and women. Bathers do not have to be naked.

Banya have three rooms: a changing room or "predbannik" where people change clothes, a washing room, and steam room or "parilka". 

If the banya is for men and women, bathers should wear bathing suits. If the banya has separate places for men and women, bathers are usually naked.

Banya are often hotter than 93°C.

Bathers sit on a small mat to protect their skin from the hot wood. Bathers usually wear felt hats while they sit in the banya. During the banya bath, bathers use a broom or besom. Bathers hit each other with the branches like a massage. Sometimes friends hit each other with branches. Sometimes a professional masseuse does. The last part of the banya is when someone throws a bucket of cool or cold water on the bather. 

The biggest difference between a banya and sauna are that the banya has steam and most saunas use dry air.

Starting in the 1800s, doctors and scientists decided to study the banya. They already had an idea that it was good for health. Most of their studies were not good by today's scientific rules, but they told many people to go to the banya for their health.

In Slavic mythology there is a spirit called a bannik that lives in the banya under the bench. The bannik throws hot water or hot rocks at rude bathers.


Shinobi (2002 video game)

Shinobi is a 3D action-adventure video game, developed by Overworks (AM7) and published by Sega as a part of "Shinobi" series. It was released for PlayStation 2 console on November 10, 2002 in North America, December 5, 2002 in Japan, and May 15, 2003 in Europe and Australia. The game starts with a young ninja Hotsuma, a leader of Obara clan, who wields Akuji, a sword that feeds on souls. He can perform ninja magic, shurikens, spells, and special ability. Upon finding a golden castle after an earthquake, Hotsuma make it his goals to defeat the powerful Hiruko, who had summoned hellspawn creatures in feudal Japan to destroy in Tokyo. Hotsuma's missions is to stop Hiruko destroying the world and avenge the death of his clan.

"Shinobi" was originally planned for the Dreamcast, but due to the discontinuance of the console, the game has been moved into PS2. The game was also available to the PlayStation Network in 2012, and sequel entitled "Nightshade" was also released in 2004.


Arc the Lad Collection

Arc the Lad Collection is a compilation of the "Arc the Lad" RPG's for the PlayStation. The games were localized by Working Designs. Plans to localize to the game that changes by ARC Entertainment in 2002.

The games are form into a trilogy, with a continuous story throughot each. Athough Arc is the primary portagonist, each game features a new lead character. "Arc the Lad" sets the stages for the next two games, and follows Arc and Kukuru as they discover a plot to restore the Dark One. "Arc the Lad II" introduces Elc, a young Hunter that becomes tangled in the plot and eventually joins the battleagaints the Dark One. And "Arc the Lad III" features Alec, a young Hunter with a mysterious past.

Every game expands on the previous one, "Arc the Lad II" features a much larger and less linearworld than its predecessor, and it brings back of the first game, in addition to featuring a new group of characters. "Arc the Lad III" features an upgraded graphic system, replacing the sprite backdrops of the irst two games, with three-dimensional backgrounds.

Arc the Lad: Twilight of the Spirits

The game has followed by sequel, called "" (final series of the console). Released in 2005, at the same console.

Vyjayanthimala

Vyjayanthimala Raman (born 13 August 1936) is an Indian actress and politician. She was born in present-day Chennai. Her career lasted from 1949 until 1970. She was a member of the Lok Sabha from 1984 until 1991 and of the Rajya Sabha from 1993 until 1999. 

Vyjayanthimala is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party, though she was elected to the parliament as a member of the Indian National Congress.

An actress, she is known for her role as Chandramukhi in "Devdas" (1955). She also starred in "New Delhi" (1956), "Naya Daur" (1957), "Aasha" (1957). She appeared in many movies with Dilip Kumar.

Madhubala

Madhubala (born Mumtaz Jehan Begum Dehlavi; 14 February 1933 – 23 February 1969) was an Indian actress, producer and singer. She was known as "The Venus of Indian cinema". She is thought to be one of the most beautiful and greatest entertainers in the history of Indian cinema.

Ventricle (heart)

A ventricle is one of two large chambers toward the bottom of the heart that collect and pushes blood received from an atrium towards the body and lungs.

Atrium (heart)

The atrium () or auricle is the upper part through which blood enters the ventricles of the heart. 

There are two atria in the human heart. The left atrium receives blood from the pulmonary (lung) circulation. The right atrium receives blood from the venae cavae (venous circulation).

John G. Hutchinson

John Guiher Hutchinson (born February 4, 1935) is an American politician. He was born in Charleston, West Virginia. He was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Hutchinson was a member of the United States House of Representatives from West Virginia's 3rd congressional district from 1980 until 1981. He was also Mayor of Charleston from 1971 until 1980.

Henry J. Nowak

Henry James Nowak (born February 21, 1935) is an American politician and lawyer. Nowak was born in Buffalo, New York. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Nowak was a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York between 1975 until 1993.

Cleve Benedict

Cleveland Keith Benedict (born March 21, 1935) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for West Virginia's 2nd congressional district from 1981 to 1983.

Benedict was also the West Virginia Commissioner of Agriculture from 1989 until 1993. He was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

Abdul Ghaffar Khan

Abdul Ghaffār Khān (; 6 February 1890 – 20 January 1988), also known as Bādshāh Khān (), Frontier/Simant Gandhi or Bāchā Khān () and honourably addressed as Fakhr-e-Afghan (), was a Pashtun independence activist. He pushed against British colonial rule in India. He was a political and spiritual leader. Khan was known for his nonviolent works and pacifism.

Khan died on 20 January 1988 under house arrest in Peshawar, Pakistan from problems caused by a stroke, aged 97.

Young Man with Ideas

Young Man with Ideas is a 1952 American romantic comedy movie directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Ruth Roman, Glenn Ford, Nina Foch, Denise Darcel, Roy Collins, Sheldon Leonard. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Carl Schmitt

Carl Schmitt (11 July 1888 - 7 April 1985) was a German political theorist, theologist and member of the German Nazi Party.

Omomyidae

The Omomyidae are early primates that radiated during the Eocene epoch between about 55 to 34 million years ago (mya). 

Fossil omomyids are found in North America, Europe & Asia. It is one of two groups of holarctic Eocene primates with a wide distribution. The other group is the adapids (family Adapidae). Early representatives of the Omomyidae and Adapidae appear suddenly at the beginning of the Eocene (59 mya) in North America, Europe, and Asia. They are the earliest known crown primates, although obviously their origin was earlier, possibly much earlier.

Adapidae

The Adapidae is a family of extinct primates that radiated in the Eocene epoch between about 55 and 34 million years ago. 

Their skeleton looks like they were strepsirrhines (members of the group including the living lemurs, lorises, and bushbabies).
However, though there are similarities, there are some key elements missing compared to modern strepsirrhines.

Maddie Taylor

Maddie Taylor (born December 31, 1966), formerly known as Matthew William Taylor, is an American voice actress, storyboard artist and comedian, known for voicing Verminious Snaptrap in T.U.F.F. Puppy and Sparky in The Fairly OddParents.

Mister Peabody

Hector J. Peabody, or Mr. Peabody, is an cartoon dog. Peabody appeared in the late 1950s and early 1960s television animated series "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show", produced by Jay Ward. Peabody appeared in the "Peabody's Improbable History" parts created by Ted Key. Bill Scott did the voice for Mr. Peabody. In 2014, Mr. Peabody was in a computer-animated film, "Mr. Peabody & Sherman". From 2015 to 2017, he was in a television series based on the film. Mr. Peabody's first name is never said in the cartoons, but it an animated promotion for the Rocky & Bullwinkle Saving Stamps Club he tells Sherman that it is "Hector."

Snidely Whiplash

Snidely Whiplash is a fictional character who originally appeared in the Dudley Do-Right of the Mounties segments of the animated television series "The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show". He is the archenemy of Dudley Do-Right. The character was voiced by Hans Conried in the original cartoon series. Alfred Molina played Whiplash in the 1999 live-action film version Dudley Do-Right.

Antonio Rüdiger

Antonio Rüdiger (born 3 March 1993) is a German football player. He plays as a centre-back for La Liga club Real Madrid and the Germany national team.

Another 48 Hrs.

Another 48 Hrs. is a 1990 American action comedy movie directed by Walter Hill and is the sequel to the 1982 movie "48 Hrs.". It stars Eddie Murphy, Nick Nolte, Brion James, Kevin Tighe, Ed O'Ross and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Banks Springs, Louisiana

Banks Springs is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Caldwell Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Hayes, Louisiana

Hayes is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Gillis, Louisiana

Gillis is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Prien, Louisiana

Prien is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Starks, Louisiana

Starks is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ama, Louisiana

Ama is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Boutte, Louisiana

Boutte is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Des Allemands, Louisiana

Des Allemands is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lafourche and St. Charles parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Rosenberg's tree frog

Rosenberg's tree frog, Rosenberg's gladiator tree frog, or Rosenberg's frog ("Boana rosenbergi") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica, Colombia, and Ecuador. Scientists have seen it as high as 966 meters above sea level.

This frog builds nests. The male frogs sometimes guard the eggs after the female frog lays them. Sometimes male frogs fight each other until one of them dies.

The adult male frog is 55.7 to 76 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 57.4 to 75.5 mm long. However, most adult females are bigger than most adult males.

Central Coast (New South Wales)

The Central Coast is a city and region in New South Wales, located just north of Sydney and just south of Newcastle. The main suburb is Gosford. Other major suburbs include Wyong, Terrigal, Woy Woy and The Entrance.

Baybayin

Baybayin is a script which was used in the Middle Ages on the island of Luzon (today part of the Philippines). It is a syllabic script. Baybayin was used for Tagalog, Ilocano, and Pangasinan. It had already been in use in the 12th century, and was widely used before the Spanish colonial era (which started in the late 16th century). Baybayin is an abugida - every letter is a consonant. Spanish misssionaries used Baybayin to spread the Christian faith. The book "Doctrina Christiana, en lengua española y tagala" was one of the first Christian books printed, in 1592. The book is written in Tagalog, using Baybayin, and Spanish, using the Latin alphabet.

Each Baybayin letter is a consonant, forming a syllable ending in 'a', by default. To make syllables ending differently, a small symbol is added above the letter (to make it end in 'e' or 'i'), or below the letter, to make the syllable end in 'o' or 'u'. See how the symbol is used below:

This symbol is called "kudlit," and is not used for vowels at the beginning of a word, which have their own letters. 

The Hanunuo, Buhid, and Tagbanwa scripts resemble Baybayin, and are still in use today. 

Today, there's an Unicode block for the Baybayin letters (called Tagalog).

Baybayin started to disappear in the 17th century. There was still poetry written in Baybayin until the 18th century. Today, most Philippine languages use the Latin script. 

Trigender

Trigender or triple gender is a polygender identity in which a person shifts between three genders. This experience may be simultaneous or fluid. The individual shifts between man/boy, woman/girl and a non-binary gender.

7 July 2005 London bombings memorials and services

After the 7 July 2005 London bombings, the United Kingdom and other countries have made memorials to remember people who died in the bombings. Some foreign leaders also ordered flags to be put at half-staff in memory of those dead, signed books at embassies to show that they also were sad that the attacks happened and made statements supporting British people.





Nicole Oliver

Nicole Oliver (born February 22, 1970) is a Canadian voice actress. She best known for her role as Zoe Trent in Littlest Pet Shop.
Oliver was born in Ottawa, Ontario. She studied Bachelor of Fine Arts from York University, and gained a Master's degree in Communication from Royal Roads University.

Oliver is a prominent member of the Union of BC Performers, She served on its executive board from 2002–2005, chaired several committees, and continues to be part of the negotiation team during collective bargaining. In which in 2017, Oliver was nominated for the Best Voice Award by UBCP ACTRA.

Oliver got married to film composer Chris Ainscough. They live in Vancouver with their two sons. She has stated on her Twitter account that she has battled depression.

AMGTV

AMGTV is an American family-oriented television network featuring television programming consisting of drama, sports, movies, entertainment, how-to, hunting and fishing, children's shows, and other features, much of it repackaged from off-network and first-run syndication. The network is owned by the American company Access Media Group.
On October 10, 2010 the American Indoor Football Association (AIFA) announced that AMGTV has agreed to air games from the upcoming 2011 AIFA West season. They had previously carried the 2010 season, prior to when the league split. The AIFA West ceased operations January 2011; neither the league nor the network have indicated whether the deal is valid for the 2012 revival of the league. AIFA's successor, American Indoor Football, folded in 2017.

YTA TV

YTA TV (an initialism for its former full name, Youtoo America; commonly referred to as just YTA) is an American television network which originally launched in February 1985 as a cable channel. Unusual for a network of its type, it has had multiple identities, programming directions, and brandings, along with owners, and after merging with the minor broadcast network America One in 2014, also began to air on free over-the-air television. It is owned by Center Post Media, which also owns Biz Television. It is also on the streaming app Roku.
The network is available on Time Warner Cable and Comcast, among other providers. Charter Communications previously carried the channel until November 15, 2011, when the channel was dropped from Charter's lineups; this decision was made before the re-brand of ALN, as the channel received carriage under that provider's "faith and values"/religious tier of networks and no longer carried religious or family-appropriate programming for a majority of the broadcast day. As per an email sent to its subscribers, Verizon FiOS dropped the channel on December 31, 2012 along with MAVTV, and Blue Highways TV.

Not My Ex (songs)

"Not My Ex" is a song by songwriter Jessie J. It was released on October 13, 2017 on UCA Records. "Not My Ex" is from the album "Think About That". 

In September 15, 2017, after releasing the album "Think About That". Songwriter Pardon Chuck wrote the new song "Not My Ex" from the album, "Think About That", which was released on September 14, 2017. 

The music video of "Not My Ex" was directed by Pardon Chuck. It was filmed at Nokia Theater in Los Angeles, California.

"Not My Ex" is a song by songwriter Snoop Dogg. It was released on June 11, 2018 from the album, "Burning Up", which was release on February 13, 2018.

"Not My Ex" was directed by Chamalate Sunchon. It was filmed on April 15-16, 2018 at the beach in Santa Monica, California. 

Snartemo Sword

The Snartemo Sword is a sword that was found in a Norwegian grave, dated to the early 6th century. It was found in the autumn of 1933.



Murtaza Jafri

Murtaza Jafri (born 7 March 1958) is a Pakistani painter, draftsman, sculptor and art-educator. He is also principal/Vice Chancellor of National College of Arts, Lahore, a post he has been holding since August 2013. Jafri has been teaching art since 1987 and has taught at National College of Arts, he has also supervised PhD candidates in leading universities of Pakistan and abroad. Jafri has also served as director at Pakistan National Council of the Arts, Islamabad from 1989 to 1990. Jafri also has studied in various universities, including National College of Arts (Pakistan), Chelsea College of Arts (England), University of Brighton (England) Concordia University (Canada), Université de Montréal (Canada) and Algonquin College (Canada). Jafri has a PhD in Fine Art, Bachelor of Fine Arts and a Master of Arts degree. 

 

List of civil parishes in Rutland

This is a list of civil parishes in the ceremonial county of Rutland, England.

As of 2019 there are 57 parishes in the county.

The whole of the county is parished.




2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup

The 2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup is the 16th event of the CONCACAF Gold Cup. It is an international men's football championship organized by North America, Central American, and the Caribbean's football ruling body CONCACAF.

The tournament was originally set to be held from 2 through 25 July 2021, but was later rescheduled for 10 July through 1 August because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Mexico are the defending champions. 

For the first time, the video assistant referee (VAR) system is used at the tournament.

César Azpilicueta

César Azpilicueta Tanco (born 28 August 1989) is a Spanish football player. He plays as a defender for La Liga club Atlético Madrid and the Spain national team.

Marseille

Chelsea

Spain U19

Spain U21

Spain

Individual

Andreas Christensen

Andreas Bødtker Christensen (born 10 April 1996) is a Danish football player. He plays as a centre-back for Barcelona and the Denmark national team.

Chelsea Youth

Chelsea

Barcelona

Individual


Thézy-Glimont

Thézy-Glimont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Thiepval

Thiepval is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Thieulloy-l'Abbaye

Thieulloy-l'Abbaye is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Thieulloy-la-Ville

Thieulloy-la-Ville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Thièvres, Somme

Thièvres is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Killona, Louisiana

Killona is a census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Donald Etiebet

Donald Dick Etiebet (1934 - 21 July 2015) was a Nigerian politician, senator during the Nigerian Second Republic (1979 - 1983) and governor of Cross River State.

Android Cupcake

Android Cupcake is the third Android operating system. It was released in 2009.

Android 11

Android 11 is the eleventh major release of Android. It was developed by the Open Handset Alliance led by Google. It was released on September 8, 2020.

Android 12

Android 12 is the twelfth major release of Android. The mobile operating system was developed by the Open Handset Alliance led by Google. The first beta was released on May 18, 2021, and the update was officially released on October 4, 2021.

Android Pie

Android Pie is the ninth major release of Android. It was first released as a developer preview on March 7, 2018, and was released publicly on August 6, 2018.

Thoix

Thoix is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Thory, Somme

Thory is a commune. It is in the Hauts-de-France region in the Somme department in northern France.

Dayot Upamecano

Dayotchanculle Oswald Upamecano (born 27 October 1998) is a French football player. He plays as a centre-back for Bayern Munich and the France national team.

Jordi Alba

Jordi Alba Ramos (born 21 March 1989) is a Spanish football player. He plays as a left back for Barcelona and the Spain national team.

Barcelona

Inter Miami

Spain U20

Spain

Individual

Benešov

Benešov () is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Benešov District.

It is about southeast of Prague and has about 17,000 inhabitants. The town is known for the Konopiště Castle.


Tilloloy

Tilloloy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Tilloy-Floriville

Tilloy-Floriville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Nico Elvedi

Nico Elvedi (born 30 September 1996) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a centre back for Borussia Mönchengladbach and the Switzerland national team.

Android Oreo

Android Oreo is the eighth major release of Android. It was first released as an alpha quality developer preview in March 2017 and was released to the public on August 21, 2017.

Android Nougat

Android Nougat is the seventh major release of Android. It was first released as an alpha test version on March 9, 2016 and was officially released on August 22, 2016. The LG V20 was the first smartphone released with Nougat.

Android Marshmallow

Android Marshmallow is the sixth major release of Android. It was first released as a beta build on May 28, 2015 and was officially released on October 5, 2015.

Manuel Akanji

Manuel Obafemi Akanji (born 19 July 1995) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a defender for Manchester City and the Switzerland national team.

FC Basel

Borussia Dortmund

Manchester City

Individual

Italian dressing

Italian dressing is a type of vinaigrette salad dressing in American cuisine that is made up of water, vinegar or lemon juice, vegetable oil, chopped bell peppers, sugar or corn syrup, herbs and spices (including oregano, fennel, dill and salt) and sometimes onion and garlic.

Me Too! (British TV series)

Me Too! is a British live-action educational television series for preschool children that was shown on BBC Two and CBeebies from September 2006 to March 2007. It happens in a fake city in Scotland called Riverseafingal, which was filmed in North Berwick, Glasgow, Edinburgh, London, Newcastle upon Tyne and Manchester. The school is in a round shape, and is Gourock Primary School, which is real and in Gourock.

"Me Too!" was made by a production company in Glasgow named Tattiemoon. One of the series' directors was Andrew Agnew, who played PC Plum from "Balamory", which used similar ideas.

There are six adults. All of them have children except Juno, who owns a dog. One of the adults takes them to Granny Murray's house. Granny Murray cares for them when the adult is gone to do their job. Sometimes, the parent thinks of them and a 'think puff' travels to Granny Murray's house and the scene changes to where they are, and the same happens with them to their parent. One thing the series was made to do was to show children who have childminders and working parents the parents are always thinking of them. Children also see a simpler version of an adult's day at work.

Each episode is about a problem that happens at work and the main character's "race against time" to sort it out. Granny Murray gives the parent a piece of wisdom before they go, which helps to solve the problem. The series uses clocks and time a lot to help teach young children to tell the time.

A&E means Accident & Emergency.

Claude is not a real human. He is a dummy.

There are many locations in Riverseafingal:


Hardlock Industry

Hardlock Industry Co., Ltd. () is a Japanese manufacturer of industrial nuts. Its headquarter is in Higashiōsaka, Osaka Prefecture. It was founded in 1974.

Hardlock Industry was founded in 1974. It developed the "Hardlock Nut", which is a type of self-locking nut. Since the Hardlock Nut was adopted for fixing rails of Hanshin Electric Railway, it has been adopted by many companies and has increased its market share around the world.

Its products were used in the bobsleigh sled by the Japan national team in the 2010 Vancouver Olympics, and also in the Tokyo Sky Tree.


Boana nympha

Boana nympha is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Colombia, and Peru. Scientists think it might also live in Brazil. Scientists have seen it as high as 600 meters above sea level.

This frog can be bright yellow or bronze in color. The adult male frog is 24.4 to 31.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 26.0 to 36.0 mm long.

These frogs are named after the nymphs from Ancient Greek mythology, immortal women who lived in forests.

Charvaka

Charvaka (Sanskrit: चार्वाक; IAST: Cārvāka), also known as Lokāyata, was an ancient school of Indian materialism. It rejects religious authorities like the Vedas and opposes Hinduism. It was a materialistic and atheistic school of philosophy. Along with Buddhism and Jainism, it was one of the three major nastika schools of Indian philosophy.

The school holds direct perception, empiricism, and conditional inference as proper sources of knowledge, embraces philosophical skepticism, and rejects ritualism and supernaturalism. It also rejects supernatural concepts like God, the soul, and metaphysical concepts like the Afterlife (reincarnation) and samsara. It used to be a popular belief system in ancient India, although Charvaka doctrine disappeared by the end of the medieval period. Its onetime importance is confirmed by the lengthy attempts to disprove it found in both Buddhist and Hindu philosophical texts, which also constitute the main sources for knowledge of the doctrine. Charvaka also rejects the caste system.

Much of the primary literature of Charvaka, and the Barhaspatya sutras, were lost either due to waning popularity or other unknown reasons. However, there is text that may belong to the Charvaka tradition, written by the skeptic philosopher Jayarāśi Bhaṭṭa, known as the Tattvôpaplava-siṁha, that provides information about this school, albeit unorthodox. Charvaka rejects caste system.

During the Sramana movement in the first millennium BCE, when Buddhism was established by Gautama Buddha and Jainism was re-organized by Parshvanatha, the Charvaka philosophy was well documented and opposed by Hinduism and the other two "nastika" schools.

Unlike other major Nastika religions or philosophies like Jainism and Buddhism, which are dharmic philosophies, Charvaka is not a dharmic philosophy because it rejects basic concepts of dharma like karma and moksha. Charvaka is an Adharmic philosophy, so other religions viewed the Charvachic teachings negatively. Hinduism opposed the teachings of Charvaka because Charvaka rejects the authority of the Vedic texts or any sacred scriptures and opposed brahmanism.

Sometimes it is considered as a part of Hinduism (Hindu philosophy) as the word Hindu is an exonym and was a geographical identity in ancient times but most scholars reject it as a part of Hinduism since it's also called "sanatana dharma" and Charvaka rejects basic concepts of "sanatana dharma" like rta, the authority of sacred text like the Vedas (which is considered as an authority in Hindu philosophies). It also rejects the existence of an Atman or a Brahman (om).

Arberg

Arberg is a municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.


Aurach, Germany

Aurach is a municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.

Bechhofen

Bechhofen (; East Franconian: "Béchof") is a market town and municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.

Bruckberg, Middle Franconia

Bruckberg is a municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.

Equations for a falling body

A set of equations describe the paths in which objects move because of the gravitational force under Earth. Newton's law of universal gravitation simplifies to "F" = "mg", where "m" is the mass of the body. This is reasonable for objects falling to earth over the short vertical distances of our everyday experience, but is untrue over larger distances, such as spacecraft orbits. Earth gravitational acceleration is 9.8 m/s2

Buch am Wald

Buch am Wald (also "Buch a.Wald") is a municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.

COVID-19 party

COVID-19 parties (better known as coronavirus party or lockdown party) are gatherings with an intention of catching and spreading COVID-19 onto others. The existence of such parties is under controversy.

Andy Beshear, governor of Kentucky, reported that young people were taking part under parties and testing positive for COVID-19. "The partygoers intentionally got together 'thinking they were invincible' and purposely defying state guidance to practice social distancing," he said. A CNN headline on 25 March 2020 stated: "A group of young adults held a coronavirus party in Kentucky to defy orders to socially distance. Now one of them has coronavirus. On the exact same day, National Public Radio published the headline "Kentucky has 39 new cases, 1 person attended the coronavirus party." Both headlines, however, misrepresented the contents from the article and the quotes by Beshear. The Kentucky governor didn't say anything on intentional parties. He did say, though, that young people were attending parties and becoming sick under COVID-19.

Some news groups called COVID-19 parties a myth. The "Rolling Stone" called "shaming people on the internet for not properly socially distancing" the new favorite American pastime. They said the reality was young people simply attended parties at which they caught COVID-19. They didn't deliberately attend them to catch COVID-19.

Esther Béjarano

Esther Béjarano ( Löwy; 15 December 1924 – 10 July 2021) was a German singer. She was one of the last survivors of the Auschwitz concentration camp. With Anita Lasker-Wallfisch, she played in the Women's Orchestra of Auschwitz. Béjarano was born in Saarlouis, Germany.

She was a co-founder and chairman of the International Auschwitz Committee and honorary chairperson of the Union of Persecutees of the Nazi Regime.

Béjarano died on 10 July 2021 in Hamburg, aged 96.

Carmel Budiardjo

Carmel Budiardjo (née Brickman; 18 June 1925 – 10 July 2021) was a British-Indonesian human rights activist. She was the founder of the organisation Tapol. She also won the Right Livelihood Award in 1995. Budiardjo was born in London. She was known for raising awareness and her campaigns against human rights violations in Indonesia and East Timor.

Budiardjo died in London on 10 July 2021, aged 96.

Charlie Gallagher (footballer, born 1940)

Charles Gallagher (3 November 1940 – 11 July 2021) was a Scottish-Irish footballer. He played as an inside forward. He played mainly for Celtic and Dumbarton. He played for the Republic of Ireland, making two appearances for the team in 1967.

Gallagher died on 11 July 2021, aged 80.

Laurent Monsengwo Pasinya

Laurent Monsengwo Pasinya (7 October 1939 – 11 July 2021) was a Congolese prelate of the Catholic Church. He was the Archbishop of Kinshasa from 2007 to 2018. He became a cardinal in 2010. 

Pasinya died on 11 July 2021 under hospice care in Versailles, France at the age of 81.

Suzzanne Douglas

Suzzanne Douglas (April 12, 1957 – July 6, 2021) was an American actress. She was best known for her role as Geraldine "Jerri" Peterson on The WB sitcom "The Parent 'Hood". She also played Cissy Houston in the Lifetime TV movie "Whitney" (2015).

Douglas died on July 6, 2021, at age 64, at her home in Martha's Vineyard from pancreatic cancer.


Christiane Amanpour

Christiane Maria Heideh Amanpour (; ; born 12 January 1958) is a British-Iranian journalist and television host. Amanpour is the Chief International Anchor for CNN. She is the host of CNN International's interview show "Amanpour". She is also the host of "Amanpour & Company" on PBS. 

Amanpour was born in Ealing, Middlesex. She studied at the University of Rhode Island. From 1998 until 2018, she was married to James Rubin. They have one son, Darius.

In June 2021, Amanpour announced that she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer.

Anita Lasker-Wallfisch

Anita Lasker-Wallfisch (born 17 July 1925) is a German cellist. She is a surviving member of the Women's Orchestra of Auschwitz.

In December 2020, Lasker was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.

Aureliu Ciocoi

Aureliu Ciocoi (born 5 June 1968) is a Moldovan politician. He was Acting Prime Minister of Moldova from 31 December 2020 until 6 August 2021. He also was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 9 November 2020 until 6 August 2021. He also was foreign minister in 2019. He was the ambassador to Germany, Denmark, China, and the United States.

Android Lollipop

Android Lollipop is the fifth major release of Android developed by Google. It became available through official over-the-air (OTA) updates on November 12, 2014.

Travis Fulton

Travis Jon Fulton (May 29, 1977 – July 10, 2021) was an American mixed martial artist and a professional boxer. He was best known for competing in smaller US-based promotions. He was born in Waterloo, Iowa.

He also competed in the UFC, the WEC, Pancrase, the Chicago Red Bears of the IFL, King of the Cage, RINGS, and Oktagon MMA. 

On February 17, 2021, Fulton was charged with possession of child pornography, as well as the sexual exploitation of a child.

While in custody for the child pornography charges, Fulton was found hanging at the Linn County Jail in Cedar Rapids, Iowa on July 10, 2021. He was 44 years old.

Android KitKat

"Android KitKat" is the fourth major release of Android. KitKat focused primarily on optimizing the operating system for improved performance on entry-level devices.

Borjomi-Kharagauli National Park

The Borjomi-Kharagauli National Park is a protected area in Central Georgia. It is southwest of Georgia's capital, Tblisi.

It is one of the largest national parks in Georgia. It includes 6 municipalities - Borjomi, Kharagauli, Akhaltsikhe, Adigeni, Khashuri and Baghdati.

The Vengeance of Fu Manchu

The Vengeance of Fu Manchu is 1967 British crime thriller movie directed by Jeremy Summers and starring Christopher Lee, Tony Ferrer, Douglas Wilmer, Howard Marion-Crawford, Tsai Chin, Wolfgang Kieling, Suzanne Roquette.


About Elly

About Elly (, translit. "Dar bāre-ye Elly") is a 2009 Iranian French drama movie directed by Asghar Farhadi and starring Golshifteh Farahani, Shahab Hosseini, Taraneh Alidoosti, Peyman Moaadi, Mani Haghighi, Merila Zarei, Saber Abar, Kourosh Torbat Zadeh

The Salesman (2016 movie)

The Salesman (, released in France as "Le Client") is a 2016 Iranian French drama movie directed by Asghar Farhadi and starring Shahab Hosseini, Taraneh Alidoosti, Babak Karimi, Mina Sadati. It won an Academy Award in 2017.

Foreign Land (movie)

Foreign Land () is a 1995 Brazilian action movie directed by Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas. It stars Alberto Alexandre, Fernando Alves Pinto, Alexandre Borges, Laura Cardoso, Miguel Guilherme, Zeka Laplaine, Fernanda Torres.

When Father Was Away on Business

When Father Was Away on Business (, Отац на службеном путу) is a 1985 Bosnian comedy-drama movie directed by Emir Kusturica and starring Moreno de Bartoli, Miki Manojlović, Mirjana Karanović, Mira Furlan, Mustafa Nadarević, Predrag Laković, Pavle Vujisić, Slobodan Aligrudić. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1986.


2021 Cuban protests

The 2021 Cuban protests are a series of ongoing protests against the government of Cuba. It began on July 11, 2021 and were caused by the government’s violation of its citizens’ human rights (in particular the right of expression), shortages of food and medicine as well as the government's response to the COVID-19 pandemic in Cuba. 

Cuban president and Communist Party first secretary Miguel Díaz-Canel blamed the United States and the United States embargo against Cuba and economic sanctions for the situation leading to the unrest.

The Harder They Come

The Harder They Come is a 1972 Jamaican crime drama movie directed by Perry Henzell and starring Jimmy Cliff, Carl Bradshaw, Prince Buster, Ras Daniel Heartman, Leslie Kong, Winston Stona.


Virgin Galactic Unity 22

Virgin Galactic Unity 22 was a sub-orbital spaceflight of the SpaceShipTwo-class VSS "Unity" which launched on 11 July 2021. (See Virgin Galactic.) 

The crew were pilots David Mackay and Michael Masucci as well as passengers Sirisha Bandla, Colin Bennett, Beth Moses, and Richard Branson.

On 7 June 2021, Jeff Bezos announced that he is planning to be on the first crewed flight of his company Blue Origin. In the following days, rumors began to spread that Richard Branson was filing paperwork to make a similar flight, beating Bezos. The fight between Branson and Bezos led the media to call it a "billionaire space race". However, shortly before the flight, Bezos offered well wishes to Branson. SpaceX founder and chief executive officer Elon Musk personally met with Branson shortly before the flight.

The rocket plane "Unity" flew outside restricted airspace; That happened for 1 minute and 41 seconds. The Federal Aviation Administration investigated in September 2021; the plane was not allowed to fly until the investigation finished. The SpaceShipTwo spaceplanes were allowed to fly again on September 29, after the FAA decided to expand (or make larger) the restricted aerospace around the vehicle's flight range.

Dennis Tito

Dennis Anthony Tito (born August 8, 1940) is an American engineer and businessman. He is known as the first space tourist to fund his own trip into space. In mid-2001, he spent nearly eight days in orbit as a crew member of ISS EP-1, a visiting mission to the International Space Station.

Tito was born in New York City. He studied at New York University and at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.

Mykelti Williamson

Michael T. "Mykelti" Williamson (born March 4, 1957) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles in the movies "Forrest Gump", "Con Air" and "Ali". He also starred on the television shows "Boomtown", "24", and "Justified".


American Bully

American Bully is a breed of dog which is a cross between a Staffordshire Bull Terrier, American Bulldog, French Bulldog and a Red-Nose Pitbull. These dogs were initially made for protection but some people now use them as house pets. Some American bullies are either small, standard, large or extra large. The breed was recognised in 2013 in the UK if a person wants one they need to have ABKS paper or this would be against the law because these dogs are EBKC (European Bully Kennel Club) which means it comes from Europe.

The American Bully breed was established in the mid-1990s with the purpose of creating the ultimate family companion. The American Bully was created through years of selective breeding by combining the desired traits of the UKC American Pit Bull Terrier and the AKC American Staffordshire Terrier. Some lines have added other bully breeds into the mix and sometimes non bully breeds. The American Bully's origins can be seen both on the East and West Coast of the United States, primarily in Virginia and Los Angeles, California and is spreading to all parts of the U.S. Today the American Bully can also be seen in Europe and Asia. The American Bully, also called the Bully Pit, Bullypit and the Bully Pitbull, is often confused with the American Pitbull Terrier but is clearly a different breed.

The American Bulldog has a life expectancy of 10 to 16 years. Some have medical conditions such as cataracts, or hypothyroidism. If they suffer from obesity early in life, they may develop hip or elbow problems.

Merle Bullies can produce any colour and have a complicated gene. Two American Bullies should never be bred together because the puppies may be born disabled or with disabilities because of the colour and the genes. Merle bullies don't need ebkc registered papers because they are from every country and also could be found in American or the whole off USA.

Jacqueline Wilson

Dame Jacqueline Wilson (née Aitken; born 17 December 1945) is an English novelist known for writing children's books.

Jacqueline Aitken was born in Bath, Somerset. All of Jacqueline's books were illustrated by Nick Sharrot. Jacqueline Wilson's books are now all over the world. She is most famous for these books: Double act, Lottie project, Secrets, Hetty Feather, the story of Tracy Beaker, Best friends, My sister Jodie, Bad girls and cookie.

Jacqueline  was born in Bath and was brought up in Kingston-on-Thames. At the age 16, she started to keep a diary. Her mother was a  house wife and her father was a civil servant.

Jacqueline Wilson has a cat called Jacob and a dog called Jackson. She now lives in a cottage in the woods in Kingston upon Thames to move back  to her child hood memories. Jacqueline married in 1965 to William Millar Wilson and he died in 2004. Jacqueline had only one child called Emma Wilson. When Emma was young her mother told her many stories. She has been awarded with a national book awards children's book of the year, for 3 years.

Emerson Valley

Emerson Valley is an estate in the South-West Milton Keynes Buckinghamshire in the South East of the United Kingdom. 
Emerson Valley was built in the 1980s and consists mainly of detached and semi-detached houses. With a population of 800, it is home to Emerson Valley Sports Pavilion, which is home to Milton Keynes Rugby club, and there are approximately 241 houses.

Gauting

Gauting is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Würm and is southwest of Munich.

Gauting has 11 districts:



Jollof rice

Jollof rice is an African rice that has a lot of spices. 
If you were at a party in Ghana or Nigeria it won’t be long before you find it. You can serve Jollof rice with chicken stew, beef stew, tomato and carrot salad, fried plantains and spicy roasted goat.

Jalof rice was made in west Africa and now can be eaten everywhere around the country not just west Africa. Joloff rice derives its name from the Wolof people from Senegal.

Google Drawings

Google drawings is a website with a lot of web pages. It is usually used for mind maps and drawings. Google drawings has a  function that lets you make lots of shapes however big or small you want them to be. It was made on April 12th 2010. Google drawings is a free website. You start with a blank page and then start drawing. It is available as a web application and as a desktop application on Google's Chrome OS.



Google drawings was first released on 12th April 2010. On January 7th 2019, Google Drawings was added to Google Docs.

Gilching

Gilching is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany.

Gilching is twinned with:


Herrsching am Ammersee

Herrsching am Ammersee (officially: "Herrsching a.Ammersee") is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Hala Ayala

Hala S. Ayala (born 1973) is an American cybersecurity specialist and politician. She represents the 51st district in the Virginia House of Delegates since 2018. She was the unsuccessful Democratic nominee for Lieutenant Governor of Virginia in the 2021 election, losing to Republican Winsome Sears.

Gianluigi Donnarumma

Gianluigi Donnarumma (born 25 February 1999 in Naples) is a professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Paris Saint-Germain and the Italy national team. He also played for AC Milan from 2015 until 2020.

On 1 September 2016, he became the youngest goalkeeper to ever play for the senior Italy national team. He played in the UEFA Euro 2020 Final, and helped Italy win the tournament after a penalty shootout. He was named the "player of the tournament" by UEFA.


Inning am Ammersee

Inning am Ammersee (officially: "Inning a.Ammersee") is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


United States embargo against Cuba

The United States embargo against Cuba is a trade embargo.
The embargo applies to American businesses, and also it applies to businesses owed by other countries who have business in the USA. The effect is that the embargo stops trading with Cuban interests. 
It is the longest enduring trade embargo in modern history. The United States first imposed an embargo on the sale of arms to Cuba on March 14, 1958, during the Fulgencio Batista regime. Again on October 19, 1960 (almost two years after the Cuban Revolution had led to the deposition of the Batista regime) the U.S. placed an embargo on exports to Cuba except for food and medicine. This was because Cuba nationalized American-owned Cuban oil refineries without compensation. On February 7, 1962 the embargo was extended to include almost all exports. Since the year 2000, the embargo no longer prohibits the trade of food and humanitarian supplies.
The stated purpose of the Cuban Democracy Act of 1992 is to keep sanctions on Cuba as long as the Cuban government refuses to move toward "democratization and greater respect for human rights".

Krailling

Krailling is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Seefeld, Bavaria

Seefeld is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Hammam

Hammam is a Turkish steam bath and also a public bath. This is common in the Middle East. Hammam is not used just to be clean. Hammam is also about spiritual purity or ablution. 

Bathhouses were found throughout the Mediterranean world. They were used to the mid-6th century in the early Byzantine Empire. 

In Europe hammam was also popular, especially in Victorian era. 

Starnberg

Starnberg is a town in Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is the capital of the district of Starnberg.

It is about southwest of Munich and is at the northern end of Lake Starnberg.

Starnberg is twinned with:



Weßling

Weßling is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Wörthsee (municipality)

Wörthsee is a municipality in the district of Starnberg in Upper Bavaria in Germany.


Tincourt-Boucly

Tincourt-Boucly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Hina Altaf

Hina Altaf Khan (Urdu: حنا الطاف خان‎; born 02 January 1992), also known by her married name Hina Aagha, is a Pakistani television actress, presenter and former video jockey. Altaf briefly hosted MTV's teen show Girl's Republic. She is best known for her role as Zebo in Udaari, Eshal in Dil-e-Jaanam, Asma in Aatish, Zara in Dil-e-Gumshuda and Zoya in Rabba Mainu Maaf Kareen. Currently, she is portraying a role of Roshni in Geo TV's Bandhay Aik Dor Se opposite Ahsan Khan and Ushna Shah. Upcoming drama named as Dour in 2021.

Hina Altaf was born on the 2nd Of January 1992 in the metropolitan city of Karachi.

On 22 May, 2020, Altaf married to her Friend, Co-actor Agha Ali with whom she has worked in Dil-e-Gumshuda (2019). 


Demographics of Hungary

The Demographics of Hungary is the study of the population and people in Hungary.

The most recent census looking at ethnic groups was in 2016.


The 2011 and 2016 censuses found that the Romani people made up 3.2% of the population. Some estimates say that 7% of the population is Romani. Regardless, they are the largest minority in Hungary.

The Romani people originally came from Northern India around the area of Rajasthan and Punjab. 

The county in Hungary with the largest percentage of Romani people is Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County. This county is in the north of Hungary and is next to Slovakia. 

Danube Swabians "Donau Shwoveh" are a German speaking Minority, the third largest ethnic group in Hungary. The county with the largest percentage of Germans is Baranya, with the Subgroup "Stifolder" who's Ancestors once came from Fulda (district) arround 1720, with 6.1% according to the 2011 census.

According to the 1920 census 10.4% of the population spoke one of the minority languages as mother language:



Supersonic Man (movie)

Supersonic Man is a 1979 Italian-Spanish-American action-comedy adventure fantasy superhero movie directed by Juan Piquer Simone. produced by Almena Films and Filmayer and distributed by Topar Films in United States in January 25, 1980. it features Cameron Mitchell.

a inside of alien spaceship where Kronos to turn him into Supersonic Man flies out, in the satellite room surrounded by a Dr. Gulik's men kidnapped Professor Morgan, also an destructive robot to destroy the world.

Gregory Benford

Gregory Benford (born January 30, 1941) is an American science fiction author and astrophysicist. He is Professor Emeritus at the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of California, Irvine. He is an editor of "Reason" magazine. He was born in Mobile, Alabama.

Benford wrote the Galactic Center Saga science fiction novels. The first was "In the Ocean of Night" (1977).

Ed Clark

Edward E. Clark (born May 4, 1930) is an American lawyer and politician. He ran for Governor of California in 1978. He also ran for President of the United States as the nominee of the Libertarian Party in the 1980 presidential election. He was born in Middleborough, Massachusetts.

Middleborough, Massachusetts

Middleborough (frequently written as Middleboro) is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 24,245 at the 2020 census.

Lakeville, Massachusetts

Lakeville is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 11,523 at the 2020 census.

Sandusky, Michigan

Sandusky is a city in Michigan. The population was 2,709 at the 2020 United States Census. It is the county seat of Sanilac County.

Jan Narveson

Jan Narveson (; born 1936) is an American-Canadian political philosopher. He is the professor of philosophy emeritus at the University of Waterloo. He is an anarcho-capitalist and contractarian.



Erskine, Minnesota

Erskine is a city in Polk County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 403 at the 2020 census.

Imbabura tree frog

The Imbabura tree frog ("Boana picturata") is a frog that lives in Colombia and Ecuador, on the west side of these countries. Scientists have seen them between 50 and 500 meters above sea level.

One adult female frog was 59 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog is very colorful. It has a round tongue that does not stick out much. It has eardrums that are easy to see.

There are many of these frogs alive now, but they are becoming fewer and fewer. Scientists think this is because human beings are changing the forests where the frogs live into farms, cities, and places to graze animals. They also think the frogs are dying because of chemicals farmers use to kill insects.

Viviana Sofronitsky

Viviana Sofronitsky is a Russian and Canadian classical pianist. She was born in Russia. Her father was Russian-Soviet pianist Vladimir Sofronitsky.
Sofronitsky studied at the Central Music School in Moscow and obtained her doctor degree at the Moscow Conservatory.
Before moving to the United States in 1989, she was touring as a solo artist in the USSR. In 1990, after gaining experience by working at Oberlin College, she moved to Canada. In Toronto Sofronitsky had an active career, partnered with various members of the Tafelmusik Baroque Orchestra and founded the Academy Concert Series.

Being more drawn to historical performance, Sofronitsky decided to get a degree in harpsichord, fortepiano and early music teaching at the Royal Conservatory in the Hague. In 2001 she moved to the Czech Republic, where she married a fortepiano builder Paul McNulty. In 2010 Viviana Sofronitsky recorded all Mozart works for keyboard instrument with orchestra on original historical instruments.


Tœufles

Tœufles is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Al-Aman Bahela Khatun Mosque

Al-Aman Bahela Khatun Mosque (Bengali: আল-আমান বাহেলা খাতুন জামে মসজিদ) is a mosque located at Belkuchi, southeast of Sirajganj in Bangladesh.

In September 2016, Mohammad Ali Sarkar, of Mukundagati village, laid the foundation stone of Al-Aman Bahela Khatun Jame Mosque Complex in the name of his son Al-Aman and mother Bahela Khatun on 2.5 bighas of land south of Belkuchi Municipality. He built the mosque at his own expense at a cost of over Tk 30 crore. It took four years to build. From the beginning, an average of 45 workers have worked every day.

The mosque has a large gray dome. In addition, the floor is covered with white tiles and pillars are covered with marble. On the third floor of the mosque there are domes and in other places there are several lighted chandeliers. There are two minarets high on either side. The mosque is surrounded by white pillars, high windows, white tiles and green grass in the courtyard.
Al-Aman Bahela Khatun Mosque located at Belkuchi, southeast of Sirajganj in Bangladesh.

Tours-en-Vimeu

Tours-en-Vimeu is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Cary Stith Cox

Cary Stith Cox (September 27, 1857January 22, Jan 1934) was an American mechanic and inventor best known for creating a new type of raisin seeder, a cotton gin, and a pressure fruit grinder.

Cox was born in Marietta, Georgia, on September 27, 1857, the youngest child of Dr. Carey Cox Sr., a doctor, who promoted a "water cure", which developed into a spa that attracted patients to the area, and his wife Frances Stith Haynes, also of Georgia. Cox started out as a farmer in Selma, Alabama. Cox married Jessie Maria Helm on October 5, 1887 in Fresno, California. Jessie was the daughter of William Helm, a notable sheep farmer. They had three children.

Cox is known for three patents, which were used in Fresno, California, in the United States in the mid-20th century: a patent for a raisin seeder (1898), a patent for a cotton gin (1927), and a pressure fruit grinder (1928). For example, the raisin seeder application was filed on October 2, 1897. The Patent No. US608108A application was granted on July 7, 1898.

Cox died on January 22, 1934, in Fresno, California. He is buried at the Belmont Memorial Park, Fresno, California.

Manuel Locatelli

Manuel Locatelli (born 8 January 1998) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Juventus F.C. and the Italy national team.

List of Danish writers

This is a list of noted or famous Danish writers. (The list is sorted by when they died; those who are alive, are farther down the list.)



Pontey

Pontey is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Pré-Saint-Didier

Pré-Saint-Didier is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Bjarne Reuter

Bjarne Reuter (born 29 April 1950) is a Danish writer and screenwriter best known for children's and young-adult fiction.

In 1977 he got the Danish Ministry of Culture's children book prize.




Epsom salt

Bath salts or Epsom salt are things that people add to the water when they take a bath. Some bath salts have things to make the water smell good. Some bath salts have medicines in them. Epsom salt, or magnesium sulfate, is made of magnesium, oxygen and sulfur. It is named after the town in England where people first learned to use it. Sometimes people call things that are not Epsom salt "bath salts" too, if they are meant to be thrown into a bath to make the water feel or smell good.

People have put herbs and perfumes in their bathwater for a very long time. Epsom salts were discovered in Epsom in England, a spa town, in the 1600s. Doctor and botanist Nehemiah Grew studied the salts in the water and tried to patent the salt. He got into a fight with apothecaries about it.

There is anecdotal evidence that bath salts improve human health. This means that many people take salt baths and then say they feel better, but not in a scientific way.

When bath salts mix with the water, they dissolve in the water. Then they give off ions of magnesium and sulfur. The idea is that the person will absorb magnesium through his or her skin. Having enough magnesium in the body can help with sleep problems, digestion problems, and other problems. Some people say it can help with sore muscles after exercise and other types of pain.

Scientists have not found proof that human bodies can really take in magnesium through the skin. When doctors treat people with low magnesium, they give them magnesium to eat or drink through their mouths.

Influenza vaccine

An influenza vaccinesis a vaccine that protects against infection by influenza viruses.

New versions of the vaccines are developed twice a year, as the influenza virus rapidly changes. While their effectiveness varies from year to year, most provide modest to high protection against influenza.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimates that vaccination against influenza reduces sickness, medical visits, hospitalizations, and deaths. Immunized workers who do catch the flu return to work half a day sooner on average. Vaccine effectiveness in those over 65 years old remains uncertain due to a lack of high-quality research. Vaccinating children may protect those around them.
Vaccination against influenza began in the 1930s. It started with large-scale availability in the United States since 1945. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
The vaccines are generally safe; fever occurs in five to ten percent of children vaccinated. Temporary muscle pains or feelings of tiredness may occur. In certain years, the vaccine was linked to an increase in Guillain–Barré syndrome among older people at a rate of about one case per million doses. Although most influenza vaccines are produced using egg proteins, they are still recommended as safe for people who have severe egg allergies, as no increased risk of allergic reaction to the egg-based vaccines has been shown for people with egg allergies. Vaccines produced using other technologies, notably recombinant vaccines and those based on cell culture rather than egg protein, started to become available from 2012 in the US, and later in Europe and Australia. Influenza vaccines are not recommended in those who have had a severe allergy to previous versions of the vaccine itself. The vaccine comes in "inactive" and "weakened" viral forms. The live, weakened vaccine is generally not recommended in pregnant women, children less than two years old, adults older than 50, or people with a weakened immune system. Depending on the type they can be injected into a muscle, sprayed into the nose, or injected into the middle layer of the skin (intradermal). The intradermal vaccine was not available during the 2018–2019 and 2019–2020 influenza seasons.

Città Sant'Angelo

Città Sant'Angelo is an Italian city in Abruzzo. It has 15,007 people.

List of Danish painters

This is a list of noted or famous Danish painters. (The list is sorted by when they died; those who are alive, are farther down the list.)



Bemidji State University

Bemidji State University (BSU) is a public university in Bemidji, Minnesota. It was founded in 1919.

Rosciano

Rosciano is a "comune" in the Province of Pescara in the Italian region of Abruzzo.

Jens Adolf Jerichau

Jens Adolf Jerichau (12 December 1890 - 16 August 1916) was a Danish painter. 

He inspired paintings by Asger Jorn and Per Kirkeby.

From October 2021, the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art (in Denmark), will show an exhibition of paintings by him.


Toutencourt

Toutencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Treux

Treux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Tully, Somme

Tully is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ugny-l'Équipée

Ugny-l'Équipée is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

William Helm

William Helm (March 9, 1837 – April 10, 1919) was the largest individual sheep farmer in Fresno County. He was instrumental in the growth and prosperity of the San Joaquin Valley. Helm was vice-president of the Fresno Bank of Central California and the president of the Fresno Canal and Irrigation Company.

Helm was born in the province of Ontario, Canada on March 9, 1837, about forty miles above Montreal, on the St. Lawrence River. He is the son of George Helm and Mary Oliver. In 1865 he married Francis Sawyer Newman and they had seven children together.

Helm died on April 10, 1919, at the age of 82, following a lingering illness. He died at the home of his daughter, Jessie Marie Helm.

Ghosts (2021 TV series)

Ghosts is an upcoming American television sitcom adapted from the 2019 BBC One series of the same name, created by Mathew Baynton, Simon Farnaby, Martha Howe-Douglas, Jim Howick, Laurence Rickard, and Ben Willbond for CBS. 

The series debuted on October 7, 2021. The third season is currently airing.

Samantha (Rose McIver) and Jay (Utkarsh Ambudkar) believe that their dreams have come true in receiving a beautiful country house, only to find that it is falling apart and inhabited by a number of deceased previous residents from different periods and eras.


7 July Memorial

The 7 July Memorial is a permanent memorial to the 52 victims of the 7 July 2005 London bombings. It is on the east side of Hyde Park, by Lover's Walk and Park Lane, close to Curzon Gate and about north of the well-known statue of Achilles.

The memorial had graffiti put on two weeks after its creation ceremony in 2009, with words written on the memorial with a black marker pen. It was graffitied on for a second time in 2014, being found on the morning of the ninth anniversary of the attacks. In the 2014 incident slogans such as "4Innocent Muslims", "Blair Lied Thousands Died" and "J7 Truth" were written in red and black marker on the memorial, and were removed shortly after being discovered by the park's manager.

Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on children

A systematic review indicates that children having COVID-19 have milder effects and better outcomes than many adults. Children, however, are more likely to have multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children, a rare though life-threatening illness. This condition involves persistent fevers and extreme inflammation after being exposed to SARS-CoV-2, a virus that causes COVID-19.

Children and adolescents may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic in several other areas. Those are education, socioeconomic status and mental health.

When children and adolescents are infected with COVID-19, they are more likely to not show symptoms or usually have mild to moderate severity. Children and adolescents are not as likely to go to a hospital as adults. Some children, however, develop severe illness. In these cases respiratory support, like a ventilator, may be needed.

Children and adolescents are far less likely to die than people under other age groups.

The safety for children and adolescents is under risk while the COVID-19 pandemic is happening. Children and teenagers living in substandard or crowded conditions are particularly under risk. Youth – in particular young women, people under certain racial backgrounds and migrants – face higher than normal socioeconomic and health impacts. They are also under increased risks of gender-based violence due to social isolation, discrimination and major financial stress.

Cristina Vee

Cristina Vee is an American voice actress. She is known for voicing Sailor Mars in "Sailor Moon Crystal", Butterfly in "SparkleGlobe Witches", Marinette Dupen Chang in "" and Lily in "Neon Paradise".

Islam in England

Islam is the second largest religion in England, after Christianity. Most Muslims are immigrants of South Asian descent (from countries such as Pakistan, India, Bangladesh), or descendants of the early immigrants from those places. Other large number of Muslims do come from Muslim-dominated regions such as Afghanistan, the Middle East, Malaysia, Nigeria, Somalia, and some places in Africa. White European Muslims in the UK are mostly of Slavic and Balkan descent (from countries such as Albania, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Macedonia, Montenegro, Russia, etc).

Gendered impact of the COVID-19 pandemic

The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19 for short) affects females and males much differently both in terms of the infection outcome and the actual effect of the disease in society. Females do sometimes die from COVID-19. Males, though, have higher chances of dying from the condition. That is because men and boys are more likely to have severe cases of COVID-19 when infected. Slightly more males than females end up getting COVID-19.

The highest risk of COVID-19 for males is during their 50s though the condition can affect anybody at any age. The gap between males and females closes near age 90. The death rate for China was about 2.8% for males and 1.7% for females. However, for several countries including Slovenia, Vietnam, Nepal and India, females are more likely to die than males.

The reasons for this difference are not known. However, genetic, social and behavioral factors may play a part. The fact that women are smoking far less often than men and males often developing multiple health conditions at one time, like hypertension and diabetes at younger ages than females, may have contributed to the higher death rates for males. Since both professional and home care related affairs are more common for women, however, the may have a greater infection rate than men in some places. In Spain, for example, healthcare workers were affected more with COVID-19 than almost anybody else. The fact that females are more likely to live longer than males indicates a larger group of women and girls are under risk for getting the condition. Females from certain racial groups, who are older or have obesity to a certain level are more likely to have severe illness when the condition infects them.

Across the world, females make up just over 70% of the workers in the health or social sector. Almost 90% of the healthcare workers in and around the Hubei province of China (from which the disease first got started) were female. In the United States, about 78% of the healthcare workers were female. Women play strong roles for responding to the disease. This includes women who are front line healthcare workers, caregivers at home, community leaders and mobilizers. Making matters worse, females are always paid much less than the males in almost all countries. Females also hold fewer leadership positions in health sectors. Masks and other protective equipment designed for males leave females under greater risk for exposure to COVID-19.

Women and girls, having already faced health and safety problems in managing their sexual and reproductive health and their menstrual hygiene without access to proper and clean water or private toilets before the crisis started are especially in danger. When the medical and healthcare systems are given more work than they can handle and the resources are redistributed to respond to the pandemic, this interferes with health services that are important to the well-being for women and girls. This includes the pre-natal/post-natal healthcare, access to quality sexual and reproductive health services, life-saving care and support for those who survived gender-based violence. Women are also not visiting hospitals or healthcare facilities for fears of being exposed to COVID-19 and for movement restrictions.

Due to increased tension in households during a pandemic, women and girls are under higher risk for being the victims of intimate partner and domestic violence. During periods of lockdown, women who experience domestic violence have very limited access to protective services.

The Wind that Shakes the Barley

The Wind that Shakes the Barley is a 2006 Irish British war drama movie. Ken Loach directed the movie. Cillian Murphy, Liam Cunningham, Roger Allam, Orla Fitzgerald, Pádraic Delaney, Seán McGinley, William Ruane starred in it..


I, Daniel Blake

I, Daniel Blake is a 2016 British French Belgian drama movie directed by Ken Loach and starring Dave Johns, Hayley Squires, Kate Rutter, Sharon Percy, Gavin Webster, Kema Sikazwe and won Palme d'Or of Cannes Film Festival in 2016.

Sher Bahadur Deuba

Sher Bahadur Deuba (; born 13 June 1946) is a Nepalese politician. He became the 32nd Prime Minister of Nepal in 2021. He first became a Member of Parliament in 1991. In 2006, he became the president of the Nepali Congress.

Lytton, British Columbia

Lytton is a village in British Columbia. It lies in the southern part of the Canadian province. In the 2016 census, almost 250 people lived in the village.

From 27 to 29 June 2021, Lytton broke several high temperature records in Canada, that were surpassed each day. The hottest temperature in Canadian history was recorded on 29 June in Lytton; that Monday, the temperature hit 49.6°C. The records were set during the 2021 Western North America heat wave.

On 30 June 2021, the day after the temperature records, a wildfire swept through the village, destroying most buildings. Following the fire, 90% of the village had burned down.

Almost the entire population was evacuated just before the fire reached and burned down the village. Two local people were burned to death when they could not escape the fire that engulfed their house.

Lokendra Bahadur Chand

Lokendra Bahadur Chand (; born 15 February 1940) is a Nepali politician. He was the 27th Prime Minister of Nepal four times: from 1983 to 1986, briefly during April 1990, briefly during 1997, and from October 2002 until June 2003.

Igor Grosu

Igor Grosu (born 30 November 1972) is a Moldovan politician. He has been a member of the Parliament of the Republic of Moldova since March 2019. Grosu is the acting leader of the Party of Action and Solidarity (PAS) since 9 December 2020. He was born in Cahul, Moldovan SSR.

Paul Orndorff

Paul Parlette Orndorff Jr. (October 29, 1949 – July 12, 2021) was an American professional wrestler. He was best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and World Championship Wrestling (WCW). Orndorff was nicknamed Mr. Wonderful. He was born in Winchester, Virginia.

Orndorff was honored into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2009.

In January 2011, Orndorff was diagnosed with cancer. Seven months later in August, he announced it was gone.

In May 2021, Orndorff was moved to a medical care center for dementia caused by chronic traumatic encephalopathy in Fayetteville, Georgia. He died two months later on July 12, 2021 at the age of 71.

Schongau, Bavaria

Schongau is a town in Bavaria, near the Alps. It is along the Lech, between Landsberg am Lech and Füssen.


Charlie Robinson (actor)

Charlie Robinson (November 9, 1945 – July 11, 2021) was an American actor and director. He was best known for his role on the NBC sitcom "Night Court" as Macintosh "Mac" Robinson. He also starred in 1974's "Sugar Hill" and 1975's "The Black Gestapo".

Robinson died on July 11, 2021 at a hospital in Los Angeles at the age of 75. The cause of death was cardiac arrest and multiple organ failure caused by salivary gland cancer. He was 75.

Gogolin

Gogolin is a town in Opole Voivodeship in Poland. In 
2019, 6,682 people lived there.

Adenocarcinoma

Adenocarcinoma (; plural adenocarcinomas or adenocarcinomata ) (AC) is a type of cancerous tumor that can happen in several parts of the body. It mainly happens in the glandular area.

Altenstadt, Upper Bavaria

Altenstadt is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Yashpal Sharma (cricketer)

Yashpal Sharma (; 11 August 1954 – 13 July 2021) was an Indian international cricketer. He played during the 1970s and 80s. He was a member of the India team that won the 1983 Cricket World Cup. He represented India in 37 tests. He was born in Ludhiana, India.

Sharma died of cardiac arrest on 13 July 2021 in New Delhi at the age of 66.

Penzberg

Penzberg () is a city (although some people see it as a town) in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. It is about 50 km south of Münich.

Tony Barber

Anthony Ferraro Louis Barber (born 28 March 1940) is an English-Australian television game show host, radio announcer and singer. He was born in Oldham, Lancashire. His career began in 1961. In 1973, he won a Logie Award. He is known for hosting "Sale of the Century".

Going in Style (2017 movie)

Going in Style is a 2017 American heist comedy movie directed by Zach Braff and written by Theodore Melfi. It is a remake of the 1979 movie "Going in Style". It stars Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine, Alan Arkin, Joey King, Matt Dillon, Christopher Lloyd, Ann-Margret, John Ortiz and Siobhan Fallon Hogan. It is about three elderly men who plan to rob a bank after their pensions are canceled.

It was released in the United States on April 7, 2017. It received mixed reviews from critics.

Siobhan Fallon Hogan

Siobhan Fallon Hogan (pronounced , born May 13, 1961) is an American actress and comedian. She is known for her roles in "Men in Black", "Forrest Gump", "The Negotiator", "Holes", "Daddy Day Care", "Going in Style", and "The House That Jack Built".

Ray Park

Raymond Park (born 23 August 1974) is a Scottish actor, author and martial artist. He is best known for playing Darth Maul in "" and "". He also played Toad in "X-Men" and Snake-Eyes in "" and "".

Pirates of the Caribbean

Pirates of the Caribbean is a Disney franchise made of theme park rides, a movie series, and spin-off novels. Some video games have also been made. 

The franchise started with the theme park ride of the same name, which opened at Disneyland in 1967.

"Pirates of the Caribbean" became a media franchise in the 2000s with the release of "" in 2003. The rides can be found at five Disney theme park resorts. The movies created by Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio have made over worldwide by 2019.

Pirates of the Caribbean (movie series)

Pirates of the Caribbean is a series of fantasy pirate movies produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and based on Walt Disney's theme park attraction of the same name. 

Directors of the series include Gore Verbinski (movies 1–3), Rob Marshall (4), Joachim Rønning (5–6), and Espen Sandberg (5). They are mainly written and created by Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio.

Johnny Depp stars as Jack Sparrow, the main character and hero of the franchise. Geoffrey Rush plays Hector Barbossa who is the anti-hero of the franchise. Kevin McNally plays Joshamee Gibbs, the friend and sidekick of Sparrow. These characters appeared in all five movies of the franchise.


The movie series started in 2003 with "", which was met with a positive reception from both audience and film critics and made US$654 million worldwide. The franchise's second movie, titled "", was released three years later in 2006l earning almost $1.1 billion at the worldwide box office. The third movie in the series, titled "", followed in 2007 earning $960 million. A fourth film, titled "", in 2011 made more than $1 billion.

Mount Rodney

Mount Rodney is a place in the western area of Grenada just above the coasts.

1920 Haiyuan earthquake

The 1920 Haiyuan earthquake () is a major earthquake that occurred in China on December 16, 1920.

Phyllis Logan

Phyllis Logan (born 11 January 1956) is a Scottish actress. She is known for playing Lady Jane Felsham in "Lovejoy" (1986–1993) and Mrs. Hughes (later Carson) in "Downton Abbey" (2010–2015).

Peißenberg

Peißenberg is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. It is 7 km southwest of Weilheim in Oberbayern.

Davy Jones (character)

Davy Jones is a fictional character and the main villain of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie series. He is played by Bill Nighy.

He was first mentioned in the first movie "", appears in the second movie "" and in the third movie "" as the main villain. He also had a cameo at the end of "". 

He is the captain of the "Flying Dutchman" (based on the ghost ship of the same name). He is also the dark lord of the Seven Seas and the archenemy of Captain Jack Sparrow and Will Turner.

For the role, CGI was used on Nighy to complete Jones was named by "Entertainment Weekly" as the tenth favorite computer generated movie character in movie history. 

John Ortiz

John Ortiz (born May 23, 1968) is an American actor. He is the co-founder of the LAByrinth Theater Company. He is known for his villain role as Arturo Braga in "Fast & Furious" (2009) and "Fast & Furious 6" (2013).


COVID-19 pandemic in Missouri

The COVID-19 pandemic first reached the U.S. state of Missouri during early March 2020. The first case of COVID-19 to affect Missouri was a woman from St. Louis County. She was a student from Indiana University. She was studying abroad in Milan, Italy. She flew into the O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, Illinois. The following day, the college student traveled to St. Louis with Amtrak.

The Missouri Governor Mike Parson made an announcement on March 18 that a Boone County male in his 60s was the first COVID-19 death for the state.

Governor Parson declared a state of emergency on March 13. The National Park Service closed the Gateway Arch and its related museum starting from March 18 until further notice.

St. Louis the city and St. Louis County issued stay-at-home orders that went into effect on March 23.

At the very end of March 2020, Governor Parson did not announce any plans for issuing stay-at-home orders. However, on April 3, Missouri's chief executive declared an official stay-at-home order that would be in effect for the state beginning April 6 and ending April 24, 2020. On April 16, Governor Parson extended the stay-at-home order to May 3.

In September 2020, National Public Radio made a report saying that African Americans, Hispanics and Latin Americans were dying at almost three times the rate of White Americans in Kansas City.

On Tuesday, September 23, 2020, Governor Parson announced he and his wife Teresa had tested positive for COVID-19.

On Monday, November 2, an eighth grade male died from the COVID-19. The 13-year-old last attended in-person classes on October 22. He was the youngest person to die from the COVID-19 virus in Missouri at the time.

As of July 9, 2021, almost 9,400 people in the state had died from the COVID-19 virus.

COVID-19 pandemic in Illinois

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic began in the U.S. state of Illinois on January 24, 2020, when a woman in Chicago, who had just returned from the pandemic's place of origin in Wuhan, Hubei, China. This was the second case of COVID-19 in the United States during the pandemic. The woman's husband was diagnosed with the disease a few days later, the first known case of human-to-human transmission in the United States.

In mid-March, as the number of known cases rose into the double digits, Governor J. B. Pritzker issued a state of emergency. The state closed all schools and colleges, ordering a stop to eviction enforcements, ordering all bars and restaurants closed to sit-in diners, and otherwise restricting large gatherings of people. At first declared between the dates of March 21 and April 7, the order was later extended until April 30, then May 29.

During December 2020, Illinois experienced the second highest number of deaths per week. As of January 2021, Illinois has the fifth highest number of confirmed cases in the United States.

John Breaux

John Berlinger Breaux (; born March 1, 1944) is an American attorney and retired politician. He was a United States Senator from Louisiana from 1987 until 2005. He was also a member of the US House of Representatives from 1972 to 1987. He was a conservative Democrat.

Abbiategrasso

Abbiategrasso is a city and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Marie-Louise Meilleur

Marie-Louise Meilleur (August 29, 1880 – April 16, 1998) was a Canadian supercentenarian who is the oldest person ever from Canada.

A vegetarian who never drank alcohol, she was also an avid cigarette smoker until well into her 90s. Meilleur was always quick to tell everyone that her grandfather once sat on Napoleon Bonaparte's knee.

On March 20, 1993, Lillian Ross died, Meilleur became the oldest living person in Canada.

On August 4, 1997, Jeanne Calment died, and Meilleur, 116 years, 340 days, became the oldest living person in the world.

On August 29, 1997, Meilleur became the 3rd verified person in human history to reach age 117 after Jeanne Calment and Delphia Welford.

On November 4, 1997, with the age of 117 years and 67 days, surpassed the lifespan of Delphia Welford to become the 2nd-oldest person ever, although Shigechiyo Izumi was still believed to be older at the time of his death. Izumi's record was withdrawn by Guinness World Records in 2010.

On April 16, 1998, Meilleur died, 117 years 230 days, and Sarah Knauss became the oldest living person. She died of blood clot. At the time of her death, she had 85 grandchildren, 80 great-grandchildren, 57 great-great-grandchildren, and 4 great-great-great-grandchildren.

Luna Papa

Luna Papa (Russian: Лунный папа) is a 1999 Tajik Russian comedy movie. Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov directed the movie. Chulpan Khamatova, Mortiz Bleibtreu, Merab Ninidze, Nikolay Fomenko, Dinmukhamet Akhimov, and Sherali Abdulkajsov starred in it.

Mongol (movie)

Mongol (), also known as Mongol: The Rise of Genghis Khan in the United States and Mongol: The Rise to Power of Genghis Khan in the United Kingdom, is a 2007 Kazakhstani Russian German Chinese Mongolian adventure movie directed by Sergei Bodrov and starring Tadanobu Asano, Sun Honglei, Chuluuny Khulan, Ba Sen, Amadu Mamadakov. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2008.

COVID-19 pandemic in Wisconsin

The COVID-19 pandemic first entered the U.S. state of Wisconsin in early February 2020. The COVID-19 was one of the leading causes of death for Wisconsin in 2020. As of July 9, 2021, almost 7,400 people in the state had died from the COVID-19 virus. 

A steady upward trend for new COVID-19 cases in late June/early July 2020 began accelerating in mid July that same year. In response to July's rising cases and death tolls, the Governor Tony Evers declared a face mask mandate for all people age five and older in any building that isn't a private home.

As of July 12, 2021, over six million doses of vaccines have been given to people. Close to 48% of people in Wisconsin have completed the entire vaccines series.

On Friday, March 12, 2020, the Governor Tony Evers declared a state of emergency in Wisconsin. The following day, he ordered that all public and private K-12 schools across Wisconsin be closed until at least April 5.

Most university schools under the University of Wisconsin System, including Madison and Stout, canceled all in-person classes through early April 2020.

On March 16, the Governor of Wisconsin ordered a ban on gatherings of higher than ten staff members or exceeding fifty children at exactly the same time in childcare facilities.

ProPublica did an analysis of COVID-19 cases involving certain racial backgrounds in Milwaukee County dating until the morning until Friday, April 3, 2020. They noted that Blacks and African Americans were almost half the county's cases and twenty-two of that county's twenty-seven deaths. Both the county and the city of Milwaukee passed resolutions almost one year before. They also classified racial inequality as a major public health crisis even though Asian Americans and Mexican Americans live much longer than White people.

The 2020 Democratic National Convention was scheduled for July 13–16 in Milwaukee. It was later postponed and rescheduled for August 17–20 on April 2, 2020.

Christmas &amp; Chill

Christmas & Chill is the second Christmas and extended play (EP) by American singer Ariana Grande. It was released on December 18, 2015 by Republic Records as a follow-up to her 2013 Christmas EP "Christmas Kisses".


Sex &amp; Philosophy

Sex & Philosophy (Original title: Sex O Phalsapheh, ) is a 2005 French Iranian Tajik romantic drama movie directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf and starring Daler Nazarov, Mariam Gaibova, Farzona Beknazarova, Tahmineh Ebrahimova, Malohat Abdulloeva.


Cawdor

Cawdor is a town in Highlands, Scotland.
<mapframe latitude="57.526032" longitude="-3.930016" zoom="15" width="331" height="250" align="right" />

Calcinate

Calcinate is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Albawings

Albawings is an Albanian airline founded in February 2015 by Gentian Kole and Dhimitër Tola. Albawings currently has three aircrafts. The company is based in Mother Teresa Airport. On June 24, 2016, the Albanian Civil Aviation Authority gave the Operating License for the operator "Albawings" to license the performance of air services, passenger transport, mail or cargo for profit. 

The airline currently operates one Boeing 737-500 (ZA-AWA), and two Boeing 737-400 (ZA-AWB) (ZA-ALB) suitable for short-haul flights to Europe, mainly Italy, as the main destination.

Compo LLC

Compo LLC is a company which makes equipment for the meat processing and dairy industries. The head office is located in Brest, Belarus. The name Compo comes from 2 words "composite materials", as the company began with production of plastic parts for the carpet and weaving industry. It made plastic and metal windows, and sandwich panels. Currently, the focus is on the production of equipment for the meat and dairy industries under the Kaizen system.

The COMPO enterprise was founded in 1991 by Mikhail Bilousov. Over the years, the company's production has expanded:

1993, production of solenoid valves to cut off the supply of liquid fuel to the burners of ship boilers;

2003-2007, development of new technologies of equipment for the production of sausage products, work with minced meat, bakery products, as well as devices for marking, washing containers, etc.

Over the years, COMPO has participated in international exhibitions of equipment for the food industry in Kiev (Ukraine), Moscow (Russia), Frankfurt (Germany).

In 2010 Bilousov was awarded the diploma "Man of the Year of Brest" in the field of environmental protection, and in 2018 - "Man of the Year of Brest" in industry.

In 2020 Ella Mikhailovna Dzhangozova, the daughter of the founder, took over the position of director.

The company is a supplier of equipment to Russia, Belarus, most of post Soviet countries, as well as Canada, Poland, Turkey, Australia, Bulgaria, Serbia, Algeria, Slovakia, Mexico, Ecuador, Dominican Republic.

Compo is engaged in the development of the educational and entertainment center "Polyanka", as well as helps the boarding school in Zhabinka and the lyceum in Brest.

The company was awarded the Prize of the Government of the Republic of Belarus and the Prize of the Brest Regional Executive Committee for achievements in the field of quality, introduction of highly effective methods of quality management and ensuring on this basis the production of competitive products.

Compo has a diploma of a finalist of the 2nd International Quality Tournament of Central and Eastern Europe according to the EFQM model (European Foundation for Quality Management) and a Certificate of Excellence for 4 stars according to the EFQM model.

By the Decree of the President of the Republic of Belarus No.279 dated April 28, 2006, the enterprise was entered on the Republican Board of Honor of the winners of the 2005 competition.


N (Poland)

N was an Polish independent television-radio digital platform launched on October 12, 2006 and closed on March 21, 2013, owned by ITI Neovision, the member of TVN Group.

As at December 31, 2011, the company's services were used by 929,000 subscribers. On March 21, 2013, the company was merged with Cyfra+ to form nc+.


COVID-19 pandemic in Nebraska

The COVID-19 pandemic first entered the U.S. state of Nebraska in early March 2020. As of July 12, 2021, over 225,000 people in the state had been infected by COVID-19. Just over 2,260 people in the state were killed by the virus.

As of May 28, 2021, Nebraska had given almost 1.7 million doses in COVID-19 vaccines. The state had fully vaccinated well over 867,000 people, about 45% of the Nebraska population.

The first case of COVID-19 in the state happened Friday, March 6. That case was a thirty-six-year-old woman that had just returned to the United States after having traveled to England. The first two COVID-19 deaths were reported within three weeks of the first COVID-19 case in Nebraska. The first was a man in his fifties from Douglas County. The man had begun quarantining at his residence the day before. Just before 6pm that same Friday, a female in her sixties was the second death from the COVID-19 virus in the state. The woman was from Hall County. Just under three weeks following the first reported COVID case in Nebraska, the state had almost seven dozen cases by Friday, March 27.

By Friday, April 17, the number of Nebraska COVID-19 cases had gone past 1,000. In mid-April 2020, a strong explosion in cases associated with meat packing plants started emerging. By April 21, 237 coronavirus cases were linked with a JBS plant in Grand Island alone. By April 28, coronavirus cases in Nebraska had more than tripled in only eleven days to reach 3,374.

COVID-19 pandemic in San Marino

The COVID-19 pandemic in San Marino is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in San Marino was confirmed on 27 February 2020.

Upper Orinoco tree frog

The upper Orinoco tree frog ("Boana wavrini") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia , and Venezuela. Scientists have seen it as high as 400 meters above sea level.

FAS Sanos

Sanos (Macedonian: Санос) is a company from Skopje, North Macedonia. It produces buses and special transport cars.
The factory was established in 1946 under the name FAS "11 October" AD Skopje, although the roots of the factory date back since 1930 when the factory was a workshop for reparation and production with more than 30 workers. Under the protected brand, Sanos, the factory were produced by all types of buses, medium buses, vehicles, special airport vehicles and trolleybuses with subcontractors, which successfully lasted until 2001 when production was temporarily stopped.

In April 2004, UNITIRES purchased the factory. The factory was quickly restarted under the new name factory for buses and vehicles "Sanos" (FAV "Sanos") and production has been updated and modernized scoring Quality that falls within the latest world standards in the production of buses and vehicles. The factory was quickly restarted under the new name factory for buses and vehicles "Sanos" (FAV "Sanos") and production has been updated and modernized.

Vadencourt, Somme

Vadencourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vadencourt

Vadencourt is the name of two communes in France:

Louhans

Louhans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France.

Vaire-sous-Corbie

Vaire-sous-Corbie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Aix-en-Diois

Aix-en-Diois is a former commune in the Drôme department. It is in southeastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Solaure-en-Diois.

Aix-la-Fayette

Aix-la-Fayette is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Puy-de-Dôme department in central France.

Valines

Valines is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Varennes, Somme

Varennes is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vauchelles-lès-Authie

Vauchelles-lès-Authie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vauchelles-lès-Domart

Vauchelles-lès-Domart is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Robo Vampire

Robo Vampire fully titled as Robo Vampire 1: The Return is a 1988 Hong Kong sci-fi action movie directed by Godfrey Ho. This film is both the prequel to "Devil's Dynamite" and the second installment of the Robovamp trilogy.

Footage lift from "Against the World" an 1984 Thai action movie. Featuring the characters Tom Wilde/Robo Warrior played by Harry Miles.

Narcotics agent Tom Wilde is given a second chance at life after being shot and killed. In a futuristic experiment, agent Wilde is returned to life as an Android Robot. He is sent on a very dangerous mission into the depths of the golden Triangle to rescue Sophie, a beautiful undercover agent who has been captured by the evil drug warlord Mr. Young and his inhuman creation the Vampire Beast.

Devil's Dynamite is the 1987 loose sequel that is sometimes billed as Robo Vampire 2: Devil's Dynamite or Robo Ninja VS Vampires. 

Steve (Tsung Hua) is a gambler getting out of prison and looking to get revenge on Mary (Angela Mao), the crime boss who sent him to the clink. Also on Mary's trail is Alex (Ling Yun), a police officer who has the ability to turn into the silver lame-swaddled hero Shadow Warrior. So, as any sane person would do, Mary hires an evil Taoist priest to create a group of vampire assassins to protect her - An extremely strange film that mashes up vampires, ninjas and superheroes.

The Vampire Is Still Alive the 1989 loose threequel that is sometimes billed as Robo Vampire 3: Counter Destroy. The film's plot elements were taken from Wes Craven's "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (1984).

The plot centers on a scriptwriter called Joyce who goes to an isolated rented villa to write her magnum opus about the last Emperor of China, but other film companies want to prevent this biopic from being made and will resort to murder to get their way. To make matters more bizarre, the plot also involves hopping vampires, a crosseyed Taoist priest, a possessed phone, ninjas with automatic weaponry, poisoned lipstick, a Freddy Krueger-like antagonist, a fortune-telling sacred bird, a muscular zombie-vampire that leaves sparkling footprints, an explosive bouquet of flowers, the ghost of a Ching Dynasty eunuch, and the titular silvery cyborg hero: "Robo Vampire".

VVVVVV

VVVVVV is a video game created by Terry Cavanagh. It is a puzzle platformer video game.

In "VVVVVV", the player controls Captain Viridian, the main character. Viridian can not jump, but he can change gravity if he is standing on a floor. This lets Viridian fall up instead of down. The player can use this to move around dangerous things, such as spikes.

I Made a Game with Zombies in It!

I Made a Game with Zombies in It! (officially stylized as I MAED A GAM3 W1TH Z0MB1ES 1N IT!!!1) is a videogame released in 2009 for Xbox Live Indie. As of September 2010, it sold over 319,800 copies.

Bottled water

Bottled water is drinking water packaged in plastic or glass water bottles. Various types of water are used such as well water, distilled water, mineral water or spring water. Some bottled water is carbonated. Sizes can range from small single serving bottles, to large containers used for water coolers.

High Ridge, Missouri

High Ridge is a census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States. 4,242 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Fearless Leader

Fearless Leader is the main antagonist in the 1959-1964 The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show. In the show, he employs fellow main villains Boris Badenov and Natasha Fatale. He was originally voiced by Bill Scott and currently by Piotr Michael.

Teff

Teff (Eragrostis tef) is a type of lovegrass. It is native to Ethiopia and other parts of the Horn of Africa. The species is known for its seeds. They can be ground into a gluten free flour and then made into some dishes like injera.

Whole wheat flour

Whole-wheat flour (in the US) or wholemeal flour (in the UK) is a type of wheat flour. It is made by grinding or mashing whole grain wheat kernels, also known as wheatberry. Whole-wheat flour is used for baking breads and other baked goods, sometimes mixed with regular wheat flour.

In the United States, white whole-wheat flour is milled from hard white spring wheat and has the bran and germ. In the United Kingdom and India whole-wheat flour is more commonly made from white wheat instead of hard winter red wheat, unlike the United States



Sprouted bread

Sprouted bread is a type of whole grain bread. It is made by flour in which the grain kernels were allowed to sprout before being ground into flour. The nutritional value is similar to regular whole grain bread. It can also have other grains, seeds, legumes, etc.

Mike Lookinland

Michael Paul Lookinland (born December 19, 1960) is an American former actor. He is best known for his role as the youngest brother Bobby Brady, on the ABC sitcom "The Brady Bunch" from 1969 to 1974, and its many sequels and spin-offs. Lookinland was born in Mount Pleasant, Utah, to parents Paul and Karen Lookinland. He has two siblings: sister Theresa and brother Todd, who starred in "The Blue Bird" with Elizabeth Taylor.

List of Italian painters

This is a list of famous Italian painters.










Barry Williams (actor)

Barry William Blenkhorn (born September 30, 1954 in Santa Monica, California), known professionally as Barry Williams, is an American actor and singer. He is best known for his role as the eldest of the Brady sons, Greg Brady, on the ABC television series "The Brady Bunch". Williams, the youngest of three boys, was born in 1954 in Santa Monica, California, to Doris May Moore and Canadian-born Frank Miller Blenkhorn of English, Scottish and German ancestry.

Sammy Strain

Samuel Strain, Jr. (born December 9, 1939) is an American R&B vocalist, known for his time as a member of Little Anthony and the Imperials (1958–1972; 1992–2005) and The O'Jays (1975–1992).


Christopher Knight (actor)

Christopher Anton Knight (born November 7, 1957) is an American actor and businessman. He is best known for playing Peter Brady in the late 1960s and mid-1970s sitcom "The Brady Bunch". He has since gone on to become a successful businessman and enjoyed a semi-resurgence in the public eye with television appearances in the 2000s. Knight was born in New York City, New York, the son of Wilma and Edward Knight, an actor.

National Center for Missing &amp; Exploited Children

National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (NCMEC) is a private and nonprofit organization. United States Congress established the organization in mid-June 1984. The chairperson of this organization is the child safety advocate Patty Wetterling, the mother of Jacob Wetterling, an eleven-year-old-boy who was murdered in Minnesota in October 1989. The NCMEC handle cases of missing or exploited children between when they're babies and young adulthood through age 20.

The Center not only advocates for finding missing children, teenagers or young adults, it helps identify the dead.

The NCMEC operates the CyberTipline. The CyberTipline was established by the United States Congress for processing reports of child exploitation (this includes online enticement, child pornography and inappropriate contact with children). The NCMEC reviews the reports and shares them with appropriate law enforcement agencies or Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) task forces. Along with the information from the reporting party, NCMEC also adds geolocation information (when appropriate) and cross-references identifying information, like email addresses, usernames and IP addresses with the existing CyberTipline reports.


John Walker Lindh

John Walker Lindh (born February 9, 1981, Washington, D.C.) is an American man. He was captured during the United States' invasion of Afghanistan in 2001. Lindh denied being involved in a violent rebellion of Taliban prisoners, during which most of the 300 to 500 prisoners died. Lindh was brought to trial in the federal court of the United States in February 2002. He was given a plea bargain. He pleaded guilty. Lindh was sentenced to twenty years in prison. Lindh was released in May 2019 after being in prison for just over seventeen years. After prison, he was given three years' supervised release.

Lindh and his family moved to San Anselmo, California while he was ten years old. Before being moved to California, he was raised in Silver Spring, Maryland. Lindh was named "John" after the singer John Lennon, the singer who was murdered just over two months before Lindh was born.

At age 20, Lindh decided to travel to Afghanistan to fight for the Afghan Taliban government forces against the Northern Alliance fighters. His parents said he was moved by the stories of atrocities, which were said as being perpetrated by the Northern Alliance army against civilians. He went to Afghanistan in May 2001.

On Thursday, May 23, 2019, Lindh was released from Terre Haute, Indiana federal prison three years early for good behavior. But he was put on some probation requirements for his still supporting the Islamist ideology. Lindh couldn't use Internet or contact any fellow extremists. The probation continues for the last three years of his sentence.

Chimichurri

Chimichurri is a type of sauce commonly eaten in Argentina and Uruguay. It is commonly used as a condiment for steak. The sauce can be either green or red. It is made of parsley, oregano, garlic, red wine vinegar and olive oil.

Murder of Jacob Wetterling

Jacob Erwin Wetterling (February 17, 1978 – October 22, 1989) was an American boy from St. Joseph, Minnesota. At age eleven, Wetterling was kidnapped from his hometown and murdered. His kidnapping was a mystery for almost twenty-seven years.

On Thursday, September 1, 2016, the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension (BCA) discovered human bones from a pasture near Paynesville, almost 30 miles from the site of the kidnapping. On September 3, the Wetterling family made an announcement saying that the bones were those of Jacob. Local law enforcement officials stated that the identity of the bones was confirmed by dental records. The location was given out by Danny Heinrich, a long-time person of interest for the kidnapping of another boy, twelve-year-old Jared Scheierl, in the town of Cold Spring which was near the area. Three days later on September 6, Heinrich admitted to kidnapping and murdering Jacob Wetterling and to kidnapping and sexually assaulting Scheierl.

On the evening of Sunday, October 22, 1989, not long after 9pm CDT, Jacob Wetterling (11), his brother Trevor (10) and a friend, Aaron Larson (11) were biking home from what was then a Tom Thumb convenience store in St. Joseph. The boys had gone to the store for renting a video. But then, Danny Heinrich came from a driveway. He was wearing a stocking cap mask and had an unloaded revolver. Heinrich ordered the three boys to throw the bikes into a nearby ditch and lie face down. He then started asking each boy his age. Jacob's brother Trevor was told to run to a nearby wooded area and not look back or else he would be shot. Heinrich then asked to see the faces of the two remaining boys. He picked Jacob and told Aaron to run away. He (Heinrich) threatened Aaron in a similar way to how he threatened Trevor. That was the last time Jacob was seen alive.

On Friday, January 13, 1989, just over nine months before Wetterling was kidnapped, twelve-year-old Jared Scheierl was kidnapped, sexually assaulted and then physically threatened by an unknown adult man. The boy's statement given that night showed the habits of the adult man were similar to that of when Wetterling was kidnapped. The adult man, who was later identified as Danny Heinrich, had threatened the boy with a gun. The man then released the boy and warned him to not look back or he (Jared) would be shot. That kidnapping took place almost ten miles from where he (Heinrich) would later stop the Wetterling brothers and their friend.

In May 2014, investigators began taking more looks at a series of tried or actual child molestations that had taken place in the Paynesville area within several years before Jacob Wetterling was kidnapped and murdered. Between summer 1986 and spring 1987, five teenage boys were attacked. Nobody was arrested for the attacks, though. Authorities talked with some of the victims again. They also worked with an Internet blogger who brought the information to light. After several months of research and talking to some of the victims, the investigators realized the attacks were not random. They also realized the culprit might be linked to the kidnapping of Wetterling, almost 40 minutes from the other crime scenes.

In late October 2015, Danny James Heinrich was publicly named a person of interest in the disappearance of Jacob Wetterling. The Federal Bureau of Investigation had questioned him on December 16, 1989. A DNA sample was taken. Heinrich, though, was not charged with any crime. On July 28, 2015, however, Heinrich's DNA was matched to the DNA sample in the case of Jared Scheierl when he was kidnapped in Cold Spring in January 1989. When local officials performed a search warrant on the home in which Heinrich lived, they found several hundred images that depicted child pornography on the hard drive of his computer and with three-ring binders. Almost three months following that search, Heinrich was arrested on charges involving child pornography.

Heinrich decided to cooperate with the authorities as part of a plea bargain. On September 1, 2016, almost eleven months after his arrest, Heinrich led the investigators to the burial site. Jacob's clothing and human remains had been unearthed from a pasture near Paynesville, almost 30 miles away from Wetterling's home and kidnapping site.

In the plea agreement, Heinrich pleaded guilty to one count of the 25 federal child pornography charges against him. 

In exchange with the Heinrich plea, prosecutors agreed to not charge him with Wetterling's murder. With the plea agreement, Heinrich was given the maximum prison term of twenty years under the child pornography charge. The plea deal will also permit the state authorities to seek his civil commitment as a violent sexual predator after his federal prison term ends. That could prevent Heinrich from ever being released.

In 2017, Heinrich was transferred to the Federal Medical Center, Devens. It's a Massachusetts federal prison. He is serving his 20-year sentence there.

Seasteading

Seasteading is the concept of living at sea. The dwellings called seasteads include cruise ships, floating islands etc. No government claims this territory of living. Proposed seasteads could set up libertarian micronations. 

Patri Friedman and Wayne Gramlich are founder members of Seasteading Institute.


Leslie Rutledge

Leslie Carol Rutledge (born June 9, 1976) is an American politician and lawyer. Since 2023, she has been the 21st lieutenant governor of Arkansas under Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders. She is a member of the Republican Party.

Rutledge was also the 56th attorney general of Arkansas from 2015 to 2023. She was the first woman and first to be elected to the position of attorney general in the state's history. 

Rutledge was born in Batesville, Arkansas. She studied at the University of Arkansas and at University of Arkansas at Little Rock. In 2015, she married Boyce Johnson. They have one daughter.

Rutledge ran for the re-election to office of Attorney General against the Democratic nominee Mike Lee in 2018. She led with almost 62% of the vote and was re-elected.

During February 2021, Rutledge proposed a bill called the Gender Integrity Reinforcement Legislation for Sports Act which would ban transgender athletes from playing with the girls' sports teams in K–12 schools.

Rutledge described herself as a defender of the Second Amendment and of freedom of religion. She is also pro-life. Rutledge also opposes rights for lesbians, gays, bisexual and transgender people. As the Arkansas Attorney General, Rutledge and her office filed notice was appealing the decision from a Washington County judge to deny the state's request for a preliminary injunction against Fayetteville's anti-discrimination ordinance.

Rutledge and Sarah Huckabee Sanders started their campaigns to become the first female Governor of Arkansas in late 2020. Both Rutledge and Huckabee planned their runs in the 2022 election, scheduled to happen on November 8, 2022. However, Rutledge dropped out of the governor's race in November 2021 to run for lieutenant governor. Rutledge won the Republican nomination for lieutenant governor in May 2022.

Chamorro people

The Chamorro or CHamoru people are the indigenous people of the Mariana Islands. They are divided between the U.S. territories of Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands. The Chamorros also have large populations in several U.S. states, specifically those on the West Coast. The Chamorro are a mainly Austronesian people, but some may also have other ancestries such as Spanish or Japanese.

The Chamorro language is the native language of the Chamorro people. It contains many loanwords from Spanish because of the Spaniards' colonial history on Guam and the Mariana Islands.



Zeek Afridi

Zeek Afridi (Pashto: زيک آفريدى‎; born Zahid Noor Afridi on 1 April 1979 in Peshawar) sang Bibi Shirini and became succsesstul. 
Afridi belongs to the Afridi tribe of Tirah. He was raised and educated in Peshawar. He attended F.G. Boys Public School and Government College Peshawar. After graduating, he obtained a Master's degree from University of Peshawar. He starts singing from his college life, he often won first prize in singing competitions. After completion of his Master's degree in 2001, he released his first album "Bibisherinay" – it was a selection of folk songs in Pashto and later he released Urdu versions of the album. He has also sung an official anthem for the Peshawar Zalmi named "Zalmi Tarana" or "O Da Pekhawar Zalmi. 

2017 – Pride of Peshawar – Won 

 

Phoner

Phoner and PhonerLite was an telephone pubilc software has founded in late 1998, after Phoner software has running in Windows 98 Second Edition. It was running platform such like Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 10 running PhonerLite.

In old version of Phoner was discontinued in April 10, 2013, in July 29, 2015. After release Windows 10, Phoner has renamed is PhonerLite.

Development of Phoner software has pubilc running in 1995 is <nowiki>"Phoner Beta"</nowiki> has running for Windows 95 OSR 2, in 1996. Phoner has released new version is 2.55, it was discontinuation on January 20, 1997. In early 1998, Phoner has running in Windows 98 First Edition and Second Edition in 1999. After the old version running Windows 95 has discontinued, replacing the Phoner.

In late 2006, PhonerLite Beta has released for Windows Vista build 5300, later has running Windows 10 in 2015. In 2007, Windows Vista RTM has running PhonerLite and Phoner software. In April 10, 2013, the security software issue for Phoner has discontinued.

In July 29, 2015. Windows 10 pubilc has released PhonerLite, after replacing names PhonerLite Beta was discontinued on July 19, 2015.


2021 South African unrest

The 2021 South African unrest is a series of ongoing riots and protests in the South African provinces of KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng. It began on 9 July and then spread to Gauteng on the evening of 11 July. 

The riots began as a protest following the arrest and detainment of former President Jacob Zuma. As of 16 July, 117 people have died due to the unrest, and 2,200 have been arrested. As of 17 July, 212 people have died due to the unrest, and 2,300 have been arrested. As of 22 July, 337 people have died due to the unrest, and 2,300 have been arrested.

Rossy de Palma

Rosa Elena García Echave (born 16 September 1964), better known as Rossy de Palma, is a Spanish actress and model. She is well known for her roles in movies directed by Pedro Almodóvar. She appeared in "Law of Desire", "Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown", "Kika", "The Flower of My Secret", and "Julieta".

Bogeyman

The Bogeyman is a mythical devil that punishes children for misbehavior.

This creature exists in the cultures of most European countries. Its undefined appearance make him more terrifying. 

In Germany he is known as Schwarze Mann (Black Man). He lives under the children bed, in the night forest and in the wardrobe. In Germany the tag game Black Man is very popular. A similar game is British Bulldog. 

Uday Chopra

Uday Chopra (born 5 January 1973) is a Bollywood actor, producer, screenwriter and assistant director. He is the son of the late Yash Chopra and brother of Aditya Chopra. His sister-in-law is the actress Rani Mukerji and his cousins are film director Karan Johar and film producer Vidhu Vinod Chopra. Chopra worked as an assistant director on a number of his father's and brother's films under the Yash Raj Films banner. Chopra is the owner-manager (CEO) of YRF Entertainment and manager of Yash Raj Films along with his mother Pamela Chopra and his brother Aditya Chopra, who owns the company. 

Chopra made his acting debut in the notable 2000 musical romantic drama "Mohabbatein" and featured in several other notable films including "Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai" (2002), "Dhoom" (2004), "Dhoom 2" (2006) and "Dhoom 3" (2013). In July 2012, Chopra founded his own company, Yomics, which creates comics about famous Yash Raj Films including Hum Tum, Dhoom and Ek Tha Tiger.

In 1994 Chopra produced Yeh Dillagi starring Akshay Kumar, Kajol and Saif Ali Khan. He made his acting debut in the movie "Mohabbatein". Chopra has mostly done films under his father's production house.

He starred in 2004 in the action thriller "Dhoom" and in its sequels "Dhoom 2" and "Dhoom 3", released in 2006 and 2013 respectively. Although praised for his performance as Ali in the first instalment, a role he reprised in both the sequels, the sequels were met with mixed reviews. 

 
 

Eve Plumb

Eve Aline Plumb (born April 29, 1958) is an American actress. She portrayed the middle daughter Jan Brady on the 1969-1974 television series sitcom "The Brady Bunch".

Fryderyk Buchholtz

Fryderyk Buchholtz (16 May 1792 Olsztynek (Hohenstein, Prussia) – 15 May 1837 Warsaw) was a Polish piano and organ maker. 

After he finished studying piano making in Vienna in 1815, Buchholtz came back to Warsaw and founded a piano factory at 1352 Mazowiecka street. One of his pianos was owned by Chopin's family. The composer was also a frequent guest of Bucholtz's home art salon and a factory store. Buchholtz died in 1837, but his wife and later their son Julian continued with the business. Only a small number of pianos made by Buchholtz factory survived until XXI century. In 2017 there was made a replica of a Buchholtz piano, which was later used in the first International Chopin Competition on Period Instruments in 2018. 


Susan Olsen

Susan Marie Olsen (born August 14, 1961) is an American actress, singer, voice actress, animal welfare advocate, artist and former radio host. known for portraying the youngest daughter Cindy Brady on the ABC 1969-1974 television series sitcom "The Brady Bunch".

Johann Fritz

Johann Peter Fritz was a Viennese piano maker of the XIX century. He was building instruments for famous composers along with Conrad Graf, Anton Walter and Johann Baptist Streicher.

Fritz started producing pianos in Vienna, but moved his workshop to Graz after 1837. He died in 1834 and was buried in Vienna.(5) After Fritz's death, his son Joseph continued the family business. (5) Fritz's pianos were good quality instruments and they were valued for melodiousness. Italian composer Giuseppe Verdi had one of the Fritz's pianos and used it (Viennese 6 pedal piano) from 1851 to 1871. This piano is displayed in Villa Verdi in the Province of Piacenza in Italy.(3) Some of other Fritz's instruments are presented in The Museum of Musical Instruments in Milan, the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston and The Finchcocks Charity for Musical Education in Tunbridge Wells, Kent.


Johann Baptist Streicher

Johann Baptist Streicher (3 January 1796 in Vienna – 28 March 1871 in Vienna) was an Austrian piano builder.

Streicher learned the piano making craft from his parents, Nannette Streicher and Johann Andreas Streicher who were well-known German-Austrian piano makers. He became a partner in the family business in 1823. Composer Johannes Brahms owned one of the Streicher's pianos and was very fond of it. He expressed his admiration in a letter to a German pianist Clara Schumann: ""There [on my Streicher] I always know exactly what I write and why I write one way or another”." In 1896 Streicher's son, Emil, sold the family business to the brothers Stingl. Since the end of the XX century the interest in period instruments have been growing, and contemporary piano makers started creating replicas of Streicher's pianos.


Robbie Rist

Robert Anthony Rist (born April 4, 1964) is an American movie, television and voice actor. He is known for playing Cousin Oliver in The Brady Bunch and Martin in Grady. Rist is also a prolific voice actor, who most famous voice roles are: Stuffy in Doc McStuffins, Whiz in Kidd Video, Star in Balto, Maroda in Final Fantasy X, Choji Akimichi in Naruto and Michelangelo in the 1990 movie Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

Canelos tree frog

The Canelos tree frog ("Boana appendiculata") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Ecuador, and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 14 and 1050 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 38.5 to 51.9 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 53.5 to 72.6 mm long. It has skin the color of coffee on its back. It has a yellow or orange belly.

This frog lives in forests with different kinds of plants growing in it and streams with fast-moving water. Because people have seen it in secondary forest and places where humans have cut down trees, scientists think this frog may be able to live even if humans bother it a litte.

OnePath Network

OnePath Network is a non-profit Australian Islamic Dawah-video production studio and media outlet in Sydney, Australia. It was launched in 2014. It publishes videos, articles, news, and interviews. It produced the short movie "Last Chance".

Noren

Noren is a traditional Japanese curtain. Noren is hung in doorways or in windows and on walls. Noren is made of many different materials. 

Noren are used by service locations as protection from sun, wind and dust. 

Jamia Millia Islamia

Jamia Millia Islamia is a central university located in New Delhi, India. It established at Aligarh, United Provinces (present day Uttar Pradesh, India) during the British Raj in 1920, it moved to its current location in Okhla in 1935. It was given the deemed status by University Grants Commission in 1962. On 26 December 1988, it a central university.

Najma Heptulla served as the 11th Chancellor of Jamia Millia Islamia on 26 May 2017 and Najma Akhtar served as the 15th Vice Chancellor of Jamia Millia Islamia in April 2019.

In 2020, Jamia Millia Islamia was ranked first among all central universities in the country in rankings released by Ministry of Education of India.

Alienware M11x

Alienware M11x is a laptop made by Alienware. It has a screen, up to Intel Core i5 or i7 and 8 or 16 gigabytes of RAM.

Shiney Ahuja

Shiney Ahuja (born 15 May 1975) is an Indian film actor, who won the Filmfare Best Male Debut Award for Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi in 2005 and then followed with several hit films like Gangster, Woh Lamhe, Life in a Metro, Bhool Bhulaiyaa, and Welcome Back. 

Shiney Ahuja was born 15 May 1975 in New Delhi India.

Ahuja studied at St. Xavier's School, Ranchi.

Ahuja attended Hansraj College, Delhi University. Later, he joined the theatre group 'Tag' where he met Barry John. Shortly thereafter, he joined Barry John’s Acting School in Delhi. 

Thereafter, he played the lead role in Mahesh Bhatt's Gangster, a popular commercial movie genre and Woh Lamhe opposite Kangana Ranaut. Other films followed including Life in a Metro, Bhool Bhulaiyaa. Two of his films, Ek Accident with co-star Soha Ali Khan and Har Pal with Preity Zinta are yet to be released.

He was seen in the horror film Ghost (2012), which was a flop at the box office. After three years he came in a cameo appearance in Welcome Back (2015)

In 2015, Shiney was cast in Anees Bazmee's Welcome Back co-starring John Abraham, Shruti Hassan, Anil Kapoor, Nana Patekar, Naseeruddin Shah, Dimple Kapadia and Paresh Rawal. 


 

St Mark's Basilica

The St Mark's Basilica (fully "Patriarchal Cathedral Basilica of Saint Mark") is one of the most important cathedral of Venice, Italy. It overlooks St. Mark's Square.

This cathedral is a rare example of Byzantine architecture in Western Europe. 

Originally this cathedral was to be an extension of the Doge's Palace. It was begun in 829 and ended in 832 as building for the remains of St. Mark that had been brought from Alexandria.

Mount Sinai Hospital, New York

Mount Sinai Hospital is one of the oldest, and biggest hospitals in the United States. It was founded in 1852. It is in Manhattan, next to Central Park. The hospital also operates other sites in the State of New York. It has about 7,500 physicians, and about 3,800 beds. Over 16,000 babies are born at the hospital, each year. In 2020, it had the 14th place among the over 5,000 hospitals in the United States. It is a teaching hospital, which offers courses to the future doctors. When it was founded, it was called "The Jewish Hospital".

University of Leipzig Medical Center

The University of Leipzig Medical Center is one of the oldest s in Germany. With 1,450 beds and over 6,000 workers (including the medical faculty) in 29 clinics and polyclinics, eight institutes and seven departments, it is the largest hospital in Leipzig, Saxony.

Most of the facilities at the University Hospital are located on their own premises southeast of the city center in the "Zentrum-Südost" district - the Medical Quarter or Clinic Quarter on Liebigstrasse. The boundaries are Johannisallee, Sternwartenstrasse, Nürnberger Strasse and Philipp-Rosenthal-Strasse. The clinics can be reached by local public transport operated by LVB and by S-Bahn from the "Bayerischer Bahnhof", "Ostplatz" and "Johannisallee" stops. Other locations include Semmelweisstrasse and Härtelstrasse.

The medical faculty of the Leipzig University was founded in 1415, a few years after the university itself was founded in 1409. As at all European universities, medical knowledge was initially disseminated in a purely theoretical manner. The first step towards modern, scientifically based medicine was taken in 1704 with the establishment of the first anatomical theater by Johann Christian Schamberg. In 1799 the "Institute for Clinical Education" was founded in the Jakobshospital, where patient examinations, surgical demonstrations and dissection exercises took place for the first time. Johann Christian August Heinroth was appointed to the world's first chair for "psychological therapy" (psychiatry) in 1811. The current main location of the medical faculty in Liebigstrasse was founded in 1871 by Carl Reinhold August Wunderlich and Carl Thiersch as the “St. Jakob Municipal Hospital”. In 1889 the landmark of the medical district was opened with the “Red House”. In the period from about 1880 to the Second World War, medicine experienced its greatest heyday at the University of Leipzig. With researchers like Paul Flechsig, Carl Ludwig and Wilhelm His, Leipzig was one of the world's leading centres of scientific teaching and research. In 1891 Otto Heubner founded the University Children's Clinic. Large parts of the medical district were destroyed during World War II. The first post-war building was opened in 1956 with the Institute for Anatomy; all other institutes were gradually rebuilt. In 1953 the St. Jakob Hospital was transferred to the university. The department for inpatient psychotherapy and psychosomatic medicine, founded in 1953, was one of the first in Germany. Almost all clinics and institutes have been built or completely renovated since 1990. The hospital, which founded the first clinic for cardiovascular surgery in Europe in 1961, no longer has its own cardiac surgery department, as the private heart center in Leipzig in the Probstheida district has been a university clinic since 1994, according to a contract between the State of Saxony and Rhön-Klinikum AG. Up to the opening of the "Center for Conservative Medicine" in November 2008, around 350 million euros had been invested in the Liebigstrasse location. By around mid-2009, all departments moved from the old ward block to the new clinic buildings.

The hospital building built in 1983 was demolished in 2013, and new buildings will later be built on the area.

It is a maximum care hospital. It has 1,350 fully inpatient and 101 part inpatient beds. In 2018, 374,020 outpatients and 56,591 inpatients were treated. The turnover in 2018 was 457 million euros. The hospital has several certified treatment units: the largest stroke unit in Saxony (12 beds), a colon cancer center and one of the first skin cancer centers in Germany. The José Carreras Transplant Unit at the Department of Hematology and Internal Oncology is one of the best-known funding beneficiaries of the German José Carreras Leukemia Foundation.

The main research areas of the University Hospital are neurosciences, endocrinology, immunology, molecular oncology and psychosocial medicine. There are collaborations with a number of local research institutes such as the Max Planck Institute for Cognitive and Neurosciences, the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, the Fraunhofer Institute for Cell Therapy and Immunology, the Helmholtz Center for Environmental Research - UFZ and Bio City Leipzig.

In 1962 the district institute for blood donation and transfusion was founded, which in 1991 merged with the university blood donation service to form today's institute for transfusion medicine. The blood bank brand was introduced in 2002 to differentiate the institute from other blood donation services. With 92 employees, it has two branches in Grünau and Paunsdorf in addition to the institute's location in the clinic district and an acceptance point in the north (Gohlis Park). There are also around 160 external appointments in the region every year. As the largest university facility for transfusion medicine in Germany, the blood bank collects 55,000 whole blood donations, 12,000 plasma donations and 5,400 platelet donations every year. 

At the beginning of January 2013 it became known that there had been irregularities in the allocation of donor organs in 2010 and 2011 at the hospital. The investigative commission of the German Medical Association and the internal auditing department of the hospital found that the health status of at least 37 of 54 patients had been deliberately shown worse in the context of liver transplants, so that they could be assigned a replacement organ more quickly. In the course of the investigation, the chief physician of transplant surgery and two senior physicians were given leave of absence. In July 2015, after the investigation was completed, the Leipzig public prosecutor brought charges against the two senior physicians, as they allegedly manipulated patient files in 2010 and 2011. The preliminary investigation against the clinic's chief physician was discontinued without any conditions; no involvement was proven. 


Gadsden Purchase

The Gadsden Purchase was a area of land sold by Mexico to the United States in 1854. It is now part of Arizona and New Mexico, south of the Gila River and west of the Rio Grande. Its size was . The United States paid Mexico 10,000,000 dollars, which is worth 230,000,000 dollars in 2019 money. This trade was officially called the Treaty of Mesilla.
The Mexican-American War had ended in 1848. The United States won the war. Both countries agreed to the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which gave the United States a very big part of Mexico: the Mexican Cession, an area of more than . In return, the United States paid Mexico 15,000,000 dollars.

After 1848, Mexico and the United States did not agree where the border was. Both countries claimed the Mesilla Valley as part of their own country. Businessmen from the southern states wanted to build a new transcontinental railroad that would cross the southern part of the country. They wanted the railroad to go through the Mesilla Valley. Jefferson Davis, who at that time was the US Secretary of War, supported that idea. James Gadsden was sent to buy the land from Mexico. He wanted to buy much more land, including Tamaulipas, Coahuila, Nuevo Leon, and parts of Chihuahua and Sonora, but the Mexican president, Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, did not want to sell it to him.
A treaty was signed on December 30, 1853. This treaty would have given to the United States and 15,000,000 dollars to Mexico. Many US Senators did not agree with this: they wanted to buy less land. On April 25, 1854, the US Senate accepted the new, smaller purchase. President Franklin Pierce signed the treaty, and then sent it to President Santa Anna, who signed it on June 8, 1854. Many Mexicans were angry with Santa Anna after he signed the treaty.

Autoscopy

Autoscopy is a term used for a sensation where a person perceives the environment from a different perspective, from a position "outside" of their own body. The term is derived from Ancient Greek: (, "self") and (, "watcher").

Autoscopy has interested people for almost as long as there are records: There are many stories in folklore and which involve autoscopy. This applies both to ancient and modern societies. Psychiatrists commonly come in contact with cases of autoscopy. According to neurological research, autoscopic experiences .

Usually, the following is true:


Theis made of the Greek words ("self") and ("looking at"). The autoscopic phenomenon is classified in the following six typologies: autoscopic hallucination, he-autoscopy or heautoscopic proper, feeling of a presence, out of body experience, negative and inner forms of autoscopy.

The Laboratory of Cognitive Neuroscience, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Lausanne, and the Department of Neurology, University Hospital, Geneva, Switzerland, have reviewed some of the classical factors of autoscopy. These are sleep, drug abuse, and general anesthesia as well as neurobiology. They have compared them with recent findings on neurological and neurocognitive mechanisms of autoscopy; the reviewed data suggest that autoscopic experiences are due problems with processing information at the temporoparietal junction.

Heautoscopy is a term used in psychiatry and neurology for the hallucination of "seeing one's own body at a distance". It can occur as a symptom in schizophrenia and epilepsy. Heautoscopy is considered a possible explanation for doppelgänger phenomena.

The term polyopic heautoscopy refers to cases where more than one double is perceived. In 2006, Peter Brugger and his colleagues described the case of a man who experienced five doubles resulting from a tumor in his left temporal lobe.

Another related autoscopy disorder is known as negative autoscopy (or negative heautoscopy). This is a psychological phenomenonwere the sufferer does not see their reflection when looking in a mirror. Although the sufferer's image may be seen by others, they claim not to see it.



Silvan Shalom

Zion Silvan Shalom (, born 4 August 1958) is an Israeli politician who was a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1992 and 2015. He held a few big Minister positions, such as the Vice Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior. He resigned on 24 December 2015 following allegations of sexual harassment. Later on, the Attorney-General said these claims were false.

Markook (bread)

Markook bread (), also known as khubz ruqaq (), shrak (), khubz rqeeq (), mashrooh (), and saj bread (), is a Middle Eastern type of unleavened flatbread. It is commonly eaten in the Levant and the Arabian peninsula. It is baked on a convex metal griddle (a saj) or in a "tannour".

"Markook shrek" is a type of thin bread. The dough is unleavened and usually made with only flour, water, and salt. After it is rested, it is divided into round portions, flattened and spread across a round cushion until it is thin then flipped onto the saj. It is often folded in bags before it is sold.

It is commonly compared to another Middle Eastern bread known as pita, although it is much larger and thinner. In some Arab countries, such as Palestine, different names are given for the same flatbread, such as "khamir", "maluj" and "ṣaluf", depending on the regional dialects.

Markook مرقوق comes from the Arabic word raqiq رقيق meaning delicate, and raqiq رقيق also comes from the Verb Raq رق.


Dom DiMaggio

Dom DiMaggio was a Major League Baseball player. He was born on February 12, 1917 and died on May 8, 2009. He was a center fielder. He played his entire career with the Boston Red Sox. He had two brothers, Joe and Vince that also played baseball. He was in the Navy.

Tama, Tokyo

Tama (多摩市, Tama-shi) is a city in the western part of the Tokyo Metropolis, Japan. 

Bear, Arkansas

Bear is an unincorporated community in Garland County, Arkansas, United States.

Time of the Gypsies

Time of the Gypsies (, "Dom za vešanje", literally "Home for Hanging") is a 1988 Serbian fantasy crime drama movie directed by Emir Kusturica and starring Davor Dujmović, Bora Todorović, Ljubica Adžović.


Wonder Wheel (movie)

Wonder Wheel is a 2017 American period drama movie directed by Woody Allen and starring Kate Winslet, Juno Temple, Justin Timberlake, Jim Belushi, Tony Sirico, Debi Mazar, Thomas Guiry. It was distributed by Amazon Studios.


Rifkin's Festival

Rifkin's Festival is a 2020 American Spanish Italian comedy movie directed by Woody Allen and starring Wallace Shawn, Gina Gershon, Christoph Waltz, Elena Anaya, Louis Garrel, Sergi López, Douglas McGrath, Ken Appledorn, Steve Guttenberg.

Matilda effect

The Matilda effect is a type of bias. The Matilda effect is when a woman scientist does something but people think a man scientist did it. Sometimes people do this on purpose, for example when a professor steals a female student's research and puts his own name on the paper. Sometimes people do this without thinking about it.

Suffragist and abolitionist Matilda Joslyn Gage (1826–98) was the first person to write about this effect. She wrote an essay, "Woman as Inventor." It was first published as a tract in 1870 and in the "North American Review" in 1883. The term "Matilda effect" was started in 1993 by science historian Margaret W. Rossiter. Rossiter wrote about several times the Matilda effect had happened in real life. Trotula (Trota of Salerno), a 12th-century Italian woman physician, wrote books which, after her death, were rewritten with male authors' names on them. Nineteenth- and twentieth-century cases of the Matilda effect include those of Nettie Stevens, Lise Meitner, Marietta Blau, Rosalind Franklin, and Jocelyn Bell Burnell.
The Matilda effect was compared to the Matthew effect. The Matthew effect is when a famous scientist gets more credit than a less famous scientist even if they both did the same work.

In 2012, two woman researchers from Radboud University Nijmegen did a study. They looked at men and women who were being picked to be professors at universities. They found the people choosing who would become a professor were affected by whether the person they were looking at was a man or a woman. Another study in Italy Italian and another in Spain showed the same thing. Some other studies found no difference between the number of times men and woman researchers' papers had been named as sources in other papers.

Swiss researchers found that when people in mass media, for example newscasters, want to put a scientist on their show, they talk to male scientists more than to female scientists.

According to one U.S. study, "although overt gender discrimination generally continues to decline in American society," "women continue to be disadvantaged with respect to the receipt of scientific awards and prizes, particularly for research."

Examples of women to whom to the Matilda effect happened:

Times men scientists had Nobel Prizes when women scientists did not:

Ben Barres (1954–2017), a neurobiologist at Stanford University Medical School. Barres is a trans man, meaning Barres was raised with a female gender role. He began to live as a man when he was 42 years old. Barres said people thought his research was better when they thought he was a man than when they thought he was a woman. Someone even said "His work is much better that his sister's" because they thought "Barbara Barres" was his sister and not his own old name. This is one time when the Matilda effect worked on the same person at different times in that person's life.


Prisoner of the Mountains

Prisoner of the Mountains (, "Kavkazskiy plennik"), also known as Prisoner of the Caucasus, is a 1996 Russian Kazakhstani war drama movie directed by Sergei Bodrov and was based on the 1872 novella by Leo Tolstoy. It stars Oleg Menshikov, Sergei Bodrov Jr., Aleksei Zharkov, Aleksandr Bureev and was distributed by Orion Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1997.


Christian Boltanski

His 1989 portrait, "Monument to the Lycée Chases" hangs at the University of Michigan Museum of Art. He had solo exhibitions at the New Museum (1988), the Kunstmuseum Liechtenstein, the La Maison Rouge gallery, The Musée d'Art et d'Histoire du Judaïsme, and many others.

Boltanski died on 14 July 2021 at a Paris hospital from cancer, aged 76.

Galactic halo

A galactic halo is a roughly spherical part of a galaxy. It extends beyond the main, visible part. Several components make up the halo:

Cary Joji Fukunaga

Cary Joji Fukunaga (born July 10, 1977) is an American filmmaker and television director. He directed the 2011 movie version of "Jane Eyre". He also directed the first season of the HBO series "True Detective". He became the first director of Asian descent to win the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series. 

He also directed the 2015 war drama "Beasts of No Nation". 

Carolco Pictures

Carolco Pictures was an American independent film production, distribution and financing company, established in 1976 by Mario Kassar and Andrew Vajna. It produced the such hits as among others three first films of franchise "Rambo" ("Rambo: First Blood", "" and "Rambo III") and "". She suffered huge losses on such spectacular flaps as "Showgirls" and "Cutthroat Island", which led the company to bankruptcy.

The Seventh Continent (1989 movie)

The Seventh Continent () is a 1989 Austrian drama movie directed by Michael Haneke and starring Dieter Berner, Birgit Doll, Leni Tanzer.


Ariel Henry

Ariel Henry (born 6 November 1949) is a Haitian politician and neurosurgeon. He is the 23rd and current prime minister of Haiti of Haiti since 2021. Henry is also the acting president of Haiti. He was the minister of Interior and Territorial Communities from January to September 2015 and served again since November 2022.

On July 5, 2021, he was selected as the next Prime Minister by President Jovenel Moïse. Two days later, the president was assassinated. At the time, then-Prime Minister Claude Joseph took control of the government. On 19 July 2021, Joseph announced that he would resign as prime minister to support Henry. Henry was sworn-in as the prime minister on 20 July.

In September 2021, an investigation into Moïse's assassination named Henry as a suspect. He was banned from leaving the country while the investigation is going on. As a result, he fired investigators in the Moïse assassination inquiry. Some prosecutors are seeking murder charges on Henry.

Henry was forced to resign on 12 March 2024 following increasing violence and a breakdown in law and order in the country.

Joseph Lambert (Haitian politician)

Joseph Lambert (born 5 February 1961) is a Haitian politician. He is the disputed acting president of Haiti. He is disputed with Claude Joseph since 9 July 2021, and the incumbent leader of the remaining Haitian Senate.

His claim to the presidency after the assassination of President Jovenel Moïse is disputed because there is not much constitutional rules to make him president and the fact that only ten elected senators remain in the legislative body.

Industrial development in Pakistan

During the partition of India, Pakistan got those areas which were less industrially developed. Hindus were big industrialists and capitalists. Not many factories were in Muslim-majority areas. In those places raw materials were available. Yet these areas were kept away from industry. In East Bengal, the production of Puttsun was 50% of the total world production. However, not a single Puttsun factory was set up there. On the other hand, in West Bengal, more than a hundred Puttsun factories were operating on the Hugli River Cup. Cotton was grown in West Punjab. The textile mills were established in Mumbai and Ahmedabad. At the time of independence in Pakistan there were cotton, sugar and a total of seven cement, factories. Pakistan started its industrial development on a weak basis. The Pakistani government tried to establish a strong industrial system. An industrial policy was announced in 1948, which encouraged the private sector. In 1972, the government nationalized ten types of factories. This created uncertainty in the private sector. Capitalists were reluctant to invest in industry. The subsequent government made state-controlled factories private in the same way. In addition, the private sector paved the way for setting up new factories and investing in them. 

Industries in Pakistan are divided into the following categories

Small and cottage industries are very important because they provide employment at the local level. They cost less to set up and the administrative structure is small. When the focus is on small and cottage industries, human migration from the countryside to the city will be reduced. Small and cottage industries have a significant role to play in Pakistan. Thousands of people work in them which strengthens the country's economy.

(1) blanket making. 
(2) Cotton imprint:

(3) Leather making factory:
(4) Sports equipment:
(5) Cutlery or cutting tools:

(6) Sewing:
(1) The textile industry is the backbone of Pakistan's economy. These factories produce the best quality fabrics. Pakistan is self-sufficient in cotton cloth. Millions of rupees are earned every year by selling these clothes abroad. Special centers for the textile industry are Faisalabad, Lahore and Multan, Karachi and Hyderabad. It also occurs in Peshawar, Dera Ismail Khan, Nowshera, Bannu, Haripur, Swat, and Athal and Quetta. There are now more than 500 industrial factories in Pakistan. There were only 3 factories in 1947.

There are also woollen factories in Pakistan. But cotton is no match for textile mills. The main reason is that low quality in Pakistan is obtained from it. It is used to make more wool or blankets. Major woollen factories are located in Karachi (Sindh), Lawrencepur (Rawalpindi), Lahore, Quaidabad (Punjab), Harnai and Bannu. There are currently 70 woollen factories in Pakistan. Lawrencepur and Karachi factories produce high quality woollen cloth. 

There are also silk industries in Pakistan. There are two types of silk used in the manufacture of silk fabrics. Natural silk is obtained from silkworms. Hathrado silk is synthetic. Natural silk is very expensive. That's why people love artificial silk fabrics. A synthetic silk factory operates in Karib Kala Shah Kaku, Lahore. Synthetic silk is called Rayon. Silk thread and raw silk are imported from brown countries. Karachi is a major hub for the silk industry. Silk factories have been set up in Faisalabad, Lahore, Multan, Gujranwala, Peshawar, Swat, Sukkur, Hyderabad and Ghotki.

(2) The sugar industry is of great importance in Pakistan. In 1947, two sugar factories were set up, one at Karib Rahwali in Gujranwala and the other at Takht Bai. Sugarcane is produced on a large scale in Punjab, Sindh and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. There are 78 sugar factories in the country. (40 in Punjab, 32 in Sindh, 6 in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa). The production capacity of all these factories is 5 million tons. Pakistan is not only self-sufficient in sugar but also sells it to foreign countries. 

(3) Cement factory: Gypsum is used in the manufacture of cement. Pakistan has large deposits of Chen stone and gypsum. That is why so many cement factories have been set up. They are operating under the regulations of the Pakistan State Cement Corporation. 

Cement factories are operating in the lower areas of Pakistan:

Cement production in Pakistan is almost self-sufficient. In 1947, there was only one cement factory. There are currently 25 cement factories operating in the country. 21 factories are operating in the private sector and 4 factories are operating in the public sector. The capacity of these factories is 17.7 million tons.

(4) Chemical fertilizer factory: These factories produce different types of fertilizer. Chemical fertilizer is more than required in Pakistan. The remaining fertilizer is sent to foreign countries. Chemical fertilizer factories are in Sindh Dharki and Mirpur Mathelo, and Punjab in Sheikhupura, Sadiqabad, Rahim Yar Khan , Multan, Faisalabad, Gujranwala and Haripur. Their production capacity is 5.6 million tons.

The defence industries include iron and steel mills, heavy mechanical complexes and shipbuilding plants. 

(1) Iron and steel factory: Cast iron is obtained from Kala Bagh, Makarwal (Punjab), Langarial, Khuzdar, Ziarat, Chal Ghazi and Nok Kundi (Balochistan). The iron ore found there is less than the country's needs. Large iron and steel mills are located in Karachi and Taxila. 

(A) Pakistan Steel Mill Karachi:The mills have been set up near Bin Qasim Port, 40 km from Karachi. Work on the mill began in 1973 with the help of Russia. It produces pig iron, iron sheets, coal wire, and more. Thousands of people work in this mill. 

(B) Heavy Mechanical Complex, Taxila: This was established in 1968 in collaboration with China. Machinery, trucks, and spare parts for the railway engine, sugar, cement, textile and fertilizer factories are manufactured here. Imports of steel and machinery have fallen sharply since the Taxila complex began. 

(2) Karachi Shipyard and Engineering Works: This was established in 1956. In addition to shipbuilding, fish fishing fleets, shipwrecks, and ships from other countries are repaired. The shipbuilding industry in Pakistan has developed very well.

(3) Weapons and the military equipment industry: The weapons factory is located in Wah, near Islamabad. Air defence equipment is manufactured in Havelian, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, and Kamra, Punjab. Defense Machinery is made in a machine tool factory located in Landhi Karachi. Missiles are also manufactured in Pakistan. Pakistan is self-sufficient in making formal or modern weapons and ammunition.

Windows Photo Gallery

Windows Photo Gallery was an programmer photo has launch in Windows Live Essentials, it was developed of Windows Live and running platform supported of Windows Vista and Windows 7.

Windows Photo Gallery has such like Windows Live Photo Gallery, Windows Photo Gallery in Windows Vista launching for the pictures and Windows Live Photo Gallery sure launch in Windows 8 about Windows Live Essentials 2012, it was discontinued Windows Live Essentials in April 9, 2013. After the security issue for Windows 7 has ended service in Service Pack 1.


A Zed &amp; Two Noughts

A Zed & Two Noughts is a 1985 British Dutch comedy-drama movie directed by Peter Greenaway and starring Andrea Ferreol, Brian Deacon, Eric Deacon, Joss Ackland, Frances Barber, Jim Davidson, Gerard Thoolen, Geoffrey Palmer.


The President (2014 movie)

The President (Persian: پرزیدنت) is a 2014 Georgian drama movie directed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf and starring Misha Gomiashvili, Dachi Orvelashvili.


Holocaust trivialization

Holocaust trivialization is the use of the word holocaust in a way that decreases the perceived size or importance of the Holocaust: the genocide of six million European Jews during World War II.

Originally, the word used to mean a , but gained a new meaning something along the lines of "the large-scale destruction of a group of humans or animals" at some point during the late 19th century. For example, in 1915 the Armenian Genocide was described as a holocaust by many people of the time.

These usages are seen as offensive by many authors and scholars. Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel has said that the word has become too trivialized, using examples like news networks talking about the defeat of a sports team, or the murder of six people, and calling it a holocaust.

Colleretto Castelnuovo

Colleretto Castelnuovo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Condove

Condove is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Corio, Piedmont

Corio is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Cumiana

Cumiana is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Druento

Druento is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

The Music of Silence

The Music of Silence is a 2017 Italian biographical musical drama movie directed by Michael Radford and starring Toby Sebastian, Luisa Ranieri, Jordi Molla, Antonio Banderas, Ennio Fantastichini.


Cell (Dragon Ball character)

In his "Imperfect" form, Cell walks fully upright on two legs (unlike his "larval" form). His facial features have not yet fully complete and he still retains an orifice-like mouth rather than normal human-like features seen in later forms. The two sections of his head go off in a V-shape. Cell has orange color parts near his abdominal area, the back of his head, and even near the area where gentials would be found. He has two wings which are both green with black spots.He has three fingers in the manga, but five fingers and three toes (just as similar as Frieza and King Cold) in the anime. He has a tail like Frieza and King Cold, but also has a stinger on the end of it. He has black sections as well near his abdominal area, in the middle between the two sections on his head, and even the black part of the opposite side of his tail. He even has visible veins in both of his arms, legs, and even some in the joints in his upper body. His eyes are pink (blue in the manga colored pages) with thin reptilian slits.

In his "Semi-Perfect" form, Cell's wings disappear, and he becomes much more humanoid, he also becomes quite a bit more muscular. While the nose is not yet fully formed, he now has an actual mouth. The two sections of his head now go straight into the air. In this form, he is taller. His tail is longer and slightly thicker than before, and comes from his back, as well as becoming orange and black. His voice is deeper than his first form. The back of his head and the black section on his forehead are now formed together as a ball in between the two sections on his head. His lips are now the color pink, and the black sections above his lips look like a mustache (but it's part of his skin). He now has light blue eyes in this form (a result of absorbing Android 17). He even has boot-like feet in this form and metal-like plates all around both of his ankles. He has the same shape of ears as Frieza's, except that his have an orange line that goes down to the chin and to both sides of the ears. His wings retreat completely into his back. In his self-destruction form, Semi-Perfect Cell bloats himself, his belly greatly expanding in size. He also claimed that his bloated appearance was unstable, and that a single touch may set him off when dissuading Gohan from trying to stop him.

In his "Perfect" form, Cell becomes much more humanoid and more intelligent, complete with both a fully-formed nose and mouth. His tail is retracted and now used to create Cell Jr's. He is also smaller than in his previous form. His wings have grown back and now are shaded black. His body is colored light-green with black spots and has black plates located on his shoulders and chest, and the plates on his ankles as well as the previously orange section near his groin are now shaded black. His skin is now pale all in his face, neck and hands, he now has purple lines in both sides of his cheeks, similar to Frieza in his first three forms, and the orange line across his ears and chin is now changed into a yellow color. His eyes are now pink, and his blue veins are now purple. In this form,he is seen doing lots of special attacks done by most of the Z fighters.

In his "Super Cell " form,he is more powerful than ever. His body doesn't change only his power and speed,in this forn he kills Future Trunks but Super saiyan 2 Gohan, with the help from his father, kills him with a final Son and father Kamehameha.

Cell is an artificial life form (referred to as a "Bio-Android") created by Doctor Gero's supercomputer from the cell sample of the universe's strongest warriors, possessing the genetic information of Goku, Vegeta, Piccolo, Frieza, King Cold and Tien Shinhan in an underground complex beneath Gero's secret laboratory. Cell is designed to evolve into the "perfect" being by absorbing two Androids, #17 and #18. The Cell that appears as the primary antagonist of his titular arc is from the future, awakening after his development is complete to find that the Androids have been destroyed by Trunks. After he kills Trunks, Cell uses his time machine while regressing into an egg to travel back four years, to before the androids appeared, arriving in the present timeline. After hatching and metamorphosing from his larval, cicada-like form into his insect-like Imperfect form, Cell kills off thousands of people and absorbs them to increase his power in preparation to absorb the Androids. After he has managed to absorb the energy of entire cities of people, Cell finds Android #17 during his fight with Piccolo. Cell then breaks Piccolo's neck before Android #16 holds the mechanized villain off. However, he is able to find an opening to absorb #17 and evolves into Semi-Perfect Cell. Cell quickly dispatches #16, but he is unable to absorb #18 thanks to the intervention of Tenshinhan, who holds him back at the cost of his own life force before being rescued by Goku, along with a surviving Piccolo.

Cell tries to find Android #18, destroying islands to intimidate her into showing herself, but before he can destroy the island that #18 is hiding on, Vegeta appears and overwhelms him with newfound power. At the brink of defeat, Cell talks Vegeta into letting him absorb #18 so he can give him a better fight, and upon doing so, he assumes his final form, which is much more human like. In this form, Cell easily defeats Krillin, Vegeta, and Trunks, but spares all of them so that they can come to his own fighting tournament, the Cell Games (セルゲーム, Seru Gēmu) to find a worthy opponent to face him, intending to destroy Earth when he wins and wanting to enjoy the fear he causes in others.

A week later, in the first round of the Cell Games, he quickly defeats Mr. Satan before moving onto Goku, who quits upon realizing Cell is stronger than him.[14] Goku then nominates his son, Gohan, as Cell's next opponent, to everyone's surprise. Though Gohan puts up a good fight and proves himself his father's superior, Cell easily takes the upper hand due to his pacifistic nature. Wanting to avoid killing Cell if he can help it, Gohan warns Cell that if he is pushed too far, he will lose control of his anger and kill him, which only drives Cell to torment him further, excited to see this power. He spawns Cell Juniors (セルジュニア, Seru Junia), miniature versions of himself who begin to fight the heroes, causing Gohan's rage to slowly swell. It is only when Cell mercilessly kills #16 after he had encouraged Gohan to fight that Gohan snaps, transforming into a Super Saiyan 2. Gohan effortlessly, violently kills all the Cell Juniors, and then proceeds to effortlessly overpower Cell, aiming to prolong his suffering, dealing so much damage that Cell regurgitates Android #18 and reverts to his previous form. In desperation, Cell tries to self-destruct and destroy the Earth, but Goku sacrifices himself to ensure that Cell detonates elsewhere.

However, Cell is able to survive thanks to his unique physiology, which allows him to regenerate from a special nucleus in his head and grow more powerful whenever he has almost been killed, returning to his Perfect form even stronger than before. He easily kills Trunks, and when Vegeta attacks him in retaliation, he easily swats him aside. Before he can kill him, Gohan takes the blast in his place, which breaks his arm. With victory in his grasp, Cell decides to destroy the planet with one last Kamehameha, claiming he has the power to destroy the entire Solar System. Assisted by his father in spirit, Gohan retaliates with his own Kamehameha, ultimately overpowering Cell with Vegeta's help, destroying his cell nucleus and killing him once and for all. Mr. Satan, however, takes credit for the victory and becomes a hero.

Upon being resurrected by the Dragon Balls and returning to the future, Trunks destroys Androids #17 and #18, though realizes from his time travel that Cell is likely to emerge soon. Three years later, Trunks is confronted by the Cell of his timeline, who plans to kill Trunks and use his time machine in the same way his alternate self had. Future Cell realized Trunks traveled back already and learned of him in the past but thinks Trunks is no match for him. However, Trunks showcases his newfound power and easily kills him, finally bringing peace to the future.

In filler episodes of the anime, Cell makes numerous cameo appearances, usually as comic relief. Cell tries absorbing two siblings, but is prevented from doing so by Krillin, giving chase to the three and nearly killing Krillin before he notices Piccolo and Tien Shinhan on the way and escapes. In his posthumous appearances, he is shown causing trouble in Hell along with Frieza, King Cold, and the Ginyu Force. He is defeated by Goku and Pikkon and sent to prison, and is later seen watching Goku's battle with Majin Buu on a crystal ball, openly wondering why Goku quit against him and then went on to fight Buu, whom he acknowledges to be a stronger opponent than himself.

He possesses most of the Z fighter's abilities, including the Kamehameha and Final Flash technique.

Cell is among the most powerful antagonists of the original manga. Possessing the genetic material of the some of the world's strongest fighters, he is a master martial artist with superhuman strength, endurance, and speed. He can fly, create energy beams and forcefields using his ki, a form of energy derived from his own life force, and with his stinging tail, he can absorb others, either stabbing them with the tail to dissolve them[54] or engulfing them within it to consume them. It is by absorbing others that he increases his own power.
Mahajir (Pakistan)

Mahajirs/Mohajir/Muhajir () constitute about 8 percent of the population. They are Muslims who settled in Pakistan after the end of British India in 1947. Unlike other cultural ethnic groups of Pakistan, they do not have a tribe-based cultural identity. Urdu, the official language of Pakistan, is their native tongue, though many muhajirs speak other languages such as Gujarati, Memoni, Marwari etc as their mother tongue. Mohajirs were the vanguard of the Pakistan Movement, which advocated the partition of British India in order to create the independent nation of Pakistan for Indian Muslims. After the partition, a large number of Muslims migrated from various urban centers of India to live in the new nation of Pakistan. These migrants later identified themselves as mohajirs. 

A large number of Mohajirs settled in the cities of Sindh Province, particularly Karāchi and Hyderābād. Today they remain mostly urban.

Gulshan Grover

Gulshan Grover (born 21 September 1955) is an Indian film actor and producer. He has appeared in over 400 films. He is popularly known as the "Bad Man" of Bollywood because he has the ability to create an impact with his negative roles in films. 

Grover holds a post graduate degree from Delhi’s Sri Ram College of Commerce. 

He was associated with ‘Little Theatre Group’ for a long time before launching into the Hindi film industry.

 

COVID-19 pandemic in Seychelles

The COVID-19 pandemic in Seychelles is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ().

The first two cases of COVID-19 were reported in Seychelles on 14 March 2020. The two cases were people who were in contact with someone in Italy who tested positive.

On 15 March, a third case arriving from the Netherlands was confirmed.

On 16 March, there are four confirmed cases. The new case also arriving from the Netherlands.

Flero

Flero is a "comune" in the Province of Brescia in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Football player Andrea Pirlo was born here.

Besana in Brianza

Besana in Brianza is a "comune" in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Saint Pierre and Miquelon national football team

The Saint Pierre and Miquelon national football team is the national football team of Saint Pierre and Miquelon.

Azzio, Italy

Azzio is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Angel on the Right

Angel on the Right (, translit. Farishtai kitfi rost) is a 2002 Tajik Swiss French Italian comedy-drama movie directed by Jamshed Usmonov and starring Uktamoi Miyasarova, Maruf Pulodzoda, Kova Tilavpur, Mardonkul Kulbobo, Malohat Maqsumova.

Vauchelles-les-Quesnoy

Vauchelles-les-Quesnoy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Perianth

The perianth (perigonium, perigon or perigone in monocots) is the non-reproductive part of the flower. It forms an envelope surrounding the sexual organs. 

It includes the calyx (sepals) and the corolla (petals) when called a perigone. 

The term "perianth" is got from the Greek περί (, "around") and άνθος (, "flower"). "Perigonium" is got from περί () and γόνος (, "seed, sex organs").

In the mosses and liverworts (Marchantiophyta), the perianth is the sterile tubelike tissue that surrounds the female reproductive structure (or developing sporophyte).

Jack Collins (actor)

Jack Richard Collins (August 24, 1918 - January 31, 2005) was an American stage, movie and television actor. He played Mike Brady's boss, Mr. Phillips, in the television series "The Brady Bunch", and Peter Christopher's boss, baby-food manufacturer Max Brahms in the short-lived sitcom "Occasional Wife". Collins died on January 31, 2005 at the age of 86.

Palmar tree frog

The palmar tree frog or palm tree frog ("Boana pellucens") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Scientists have seen it between 20 and 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 35.6 to 52.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 45.0 to 60.3 mm long. This frog is green in color with blue, red or brown marks. This frog lives in open spaces or near bodies of water.

The male frogs form a chorus near the edge of the forest and sing for the females starting around 6:00 p.m.

The frog's Latin name "pellucens" is from a word that means see-through.

Sindhudesh

Sindu desh (or Sindhudesh) is the idea that the region of Sindh should have more autonomy from Pakistan. People who support the idea either want a state that is totally independent from Pakistan, or that is still part of Pakistan, but has more autonomy. 
The first who proposed this was Ghulam Murtaza Syed (1904-1995). At first, Syed liked the idea of Pakistan, a state for all Muslims. Later he joined the opposition; he thought that the Pakistani government betrayed the inhabitants of Sindh. In 1971, there was a war, that ended with East Pakistan becoming independent (and calling itself Bangladesh). After that war, Syed put forward his proposal of an independent Sindh, which he called Sindhudesh. Even though the movement exists, it wasn't able to gather a huge following. This is partly due to how the state of Pakistan is organised. 
There were protests however: These focused on the use of Urdu, instead of the Sindhi language. They also protested against the dominance of Bhan chod. These people were Indian Muslims, who emigrated to Pakistan. They mostly speak Urdu.

Bi-curious

Bi-curiosity is a term for people who are exploring their sexuality, primarily monosexual (typically heterosexual), while being open to engage or curious to experience relationships whose sex or gender differs from that of their usual partners. Sometimes it's associated with questioning.

Long COVID

Long COVID, also known as long-haul COVID or chronic COVID syndrome, refers to the long-term symptoms of coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Not everyone who has the disease will get long COVID.

About 6% of those who get COVID-19 end up with long Covid, defined by the World Health Organization as the continuation or development of symptoms three months after initial infection, with these symptoms lasting for at least two months. Many of these people were not very ill when first infected. The symptoms are similar to those of myalgic encephalomyelitis, another post-viral condition commonly known as chronic fatigue syndrome. They may never have managed to fully rid their bodies of the virus. Some researchers think this is an autoimmune disorder.

There are many symptoms that sometimes disappear and then reappear. Commonly reported symptoms of long COVID are fatigue, memory problems, shortness of breath, and sleep disorder. Several other symptoms, including headaches, mental health issues, loss of smell or taste, muscle weakness, fever, and cognitive dysfunction may also present. Symptoms often get worse after mental or physical effort, a process called post-exertional malaise. 

Symptoms reported by people with long COVID include:

Dracula: Prince of Darkness

Dracula: Prince of Darkness is a 1966 British Hammer horror movies directed by Terence Fisher and is the third movie in the "Hammer's Dracula series". It stars Christopher Lee, Andrew Keir, Francis Matthews, Philip Latham, Suzan Farmer, Barbara Shelley, Bud Tingwell, Thorley Walters and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Corio

Corio may refer to:

McLendon-Chisholm, Texas

McLendon-Chisholm is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Mobile City, Texas

Mobile City is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Royse City, Texas

Royse City is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Matthew effect

The Matthew effect is a social phenomenon which deals with recognition of scientific work. At some point in their career, scientists will get to a point where their current level of success is influenced more by things (and publications) they did in the past, and less by things and publications done at the moment. Robert K. Merton first used the term in 1968. It is named after the Parable of the talents or minas in the Gospel of Matthew:

List of Mexican painters

This is a list of famous Mexican painters.


The Column

The Column () is a 1968 Romanian German drama movie directed by Mircea Drăgan and starring Richard Johnson, Antonella Lualdi, Ilarion Ciobanu, Amedeo Nazzari, Ștefan Ciubotărașu, Florin Piersic, Amza Pellea, Emil Botta.

House of Bourbon–Anjou

The House of Bourbon-Anjou, or simply sometimes House of Bourbon (), is the currently in government royal house of the Kingdom of Spain. The current Spanish royal family has the current king, King Felipe VI, the wife of the King, Queen Letizia, their children Leonor, Princess of Asturias and Infanta Sofía of Spain, and the king's parents, King Juan Carlos I and Queen Sofía. The House of Bourbon-Anjou is a part of the House of Bourbon that comes from Philip, Duke of Anjou. The royal family usually lives at Zarzuela Palace in Madrid, but their official home is the Royal Palace of Madrid.

Rodolfo Aguirre Tinoco

Rodolfo Aguirre Tinoco (born 1927) is a Mexican artist; he is famous as a painter.

He has had exhibitions of his work at Palacio de Bellas Artes, the Museo Carrillo Gil, the Museo de Arte Moderno, the National Academy Galleries in New York and the Tokyo Metropolitan Teien Art Museum. His work can be found in the collections of the Mexican Engraving and Print Museum in Bulgaria, the Alfredo Guati Rojo National Watercolor Museum, the Museo de Arte Contemporáneo in Morelia and the Museo Amecatlel in Mexico City. He has also exhibited at the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana; he is a member of that art institution.


 

Neptune's Daughter (1949 movie)

Neptune's Daughter is a 1949 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by Edward Buzzell and starring Sue Casey, Esther Williams, Red Skelton, Mel Blanc, Betty Garrett, Keenan Wynn, Ricardo Montalbán. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and won an Academy Award in 1950.


Palaeoloxodon namadicus

Palaeoloxodon namadicus or the Asian straight-tusked elephant, was a species of prehistoric elephant. It ranged throughout Pleistocene Continental Southern Asia.

Ageusia

Ageusia is the loss of taste functions of the tongue, particularly the inability to detect sweetness, sourness, bitterness, saltiness, and umami (meaning "pleasant/savory taste"). It is sometimes confused with anosmia – a loss of the sense of smell. Because the tongue can only feel texture and differentiate between sweet, sour, bitter, salty, and umami, most of what we think of as the sense of taste actually comes from smell. Ageusia is a lot rarer than hypogeusia – a partial loss of taste – and dysgeusia – a distortion or change of taste.

The main causes of taste disorders are head trauma, infections of upper respiratory tract , exposure to toxic substances, causes relating to illness caused by medical examination or treatment, medicines, glossodynia ("burning mouth syndrome (BMS)") and COVID-19.

Aguesia is diagnosed by an otolaryngologist, who can look at a patient's loss of taste. To do this, a specialist will look into any other factors that could be causing the loss of taste, such as examining the head, nose, ears, and mouth. An otolaryngologist can also do of tests to assess the how bad the loss of taste is, which includes seeing specific tastes that a person can sense or recognize. 


Robert Abbot

Robert Abbott

(November 24, 1868 – February 29, 1940) was an American lawyer, newspaper editor, and publisher. He founded "The Chicago Defender", the most influential Black American newspaper at the time. It became the most widely circulated Black newspaper in the country.

Abbott was born on November 24, 1868, in Frederica, Saint Simons, Georgia (although some sources say he was born in Savannah, Georgia).

He studied printing at Hampton Institute (now Hampton University), a historically black college in Virginia. He graduated from Kent College of Law, a law school (now Chicago–Kent College of Law at the Illinois Institute of Technology) in Chicago, 1899.

In 1905 Abbott founded "The Chicago Defender", a newspaper which defended the rights of Black Americans, and became known as "America's Black Newspaper". It printed editorials that attacked white oppression and the lynching of Black Americans. The editorials were popular among Black Americans in the Southern United States.

The "Defender" positive reporting on opportunities for Black Americans in the Northern states played a part in making many Black Southerners move North during the Great Migration.

Abbott was editor of the "The Chicago Defender" until he died on February 29, 1940, in Chicago.


Geology of Pakistan

The geology of Pakistan encompasses the varied landscapes that make up the land constituting modern-day Pakistan, which are a blend of its geological history, and its climate over the past few million years.

Llanocetus denticrinatus

Llanocetus denticrinatus (“Llano's whale”) is a genus of extinct toothed Baleen whales from the Late Eocene of Antarctica and the Tethys Sea. 

Abdullah Abdurahman

Abdullah Abdurahman (12 December 1872 – 20 February 1940) was a South African politician and doctor. He was the first Coloured, or mixed-race, city councillor of Cape Town.

He was born on 12 December 1872, in Wellington, South Africa (now in the Western Cape). His parents were Muslim Cape Malays, and his grandparents were slaves in the Cape Colony, possibly from India, who had managed to buy their freedom. Cape Malays were considered "Coloured" under the apartheid system of racial segregation.

He went to school in Wellington before going to medical school at the University of Glasgow, Scotland, in 1888; in 1893, he graduated. After his studies, he returned to South Africa and became a doctor in Cape Town.

He was elected to the Cape Town City Council in 1904. He was the first non-white person in this position. As city councillor he worked to improve the conditions of the Cape Coloured community, especially within the field of education; he helped set up the first secondary schools for Coloured people in Cape Town.

Abdurahman joined African Political Organisation (APO) in 1903 and became its president in 1905. The party's goal was to fight increased racial oppression in the country, mainly on behalf of the Coloured people. He led the APO for 35 years.

In 1914 Abdurahman was elected to the Cape Provincial Council. He was the first Coloured person to serve on the council.

Abdullah Abdurahman died on 20 February 1940.


Potamophylax (insect)

Potamophylax is a genus of insects belonging to the family Limnephilidae.

List of species includes:

Rayssa Leal

Jhulia Rayssa Mendes Leal, also known as Rayssa Leal, (born 4 January 2008) is a goofy-footed Brazilian skateboarder from Imperatriz, Brazil.

Rayssa will represent Brazil at the Tokyo Olympic Games, scheduled to start on July 23, 2021, Rayssa Leal has medal chances seen in the last few championships and worlds. 

The youngest athlete in Brazil to participate in an Olympics, Rayssa Leal is one of the three athletes who will represent Brazil in the women's street, perhaps the competition among all the Olympic Games in Tokyo 2020 in which Brazil has the most chances for a medal. At the Japan Olympics, Fadinha, as she is known, will be accompanied by her friends Pâmela Rosa and Letícia Bufoni.


Brett Sutton

Brett Sutton (born 16 May 1959) is an Australian triathlon coach and a former professional boxer, boxing coach, greyhound trainer, racehorse trainer and swimming coach, who is the head coach of Trisutto.com. Before setting up Trisutto.com, he was head coach of the triathlon team teamTBB.

He has coached many World and Olympic champions, including Ironman world record holder Chrissie Wellington and Olympic champions Nicola Spirig and Emma Snowsill. He is known for his forthright views on training methods and strong criticism of the International Triathlon Union (ITU) and its officials.

In 1999, he pleaded guilty in an Australian court to five sexual offences committed in the late 1980s against a teenage girl swimmer whom he was coaching. After the trial, in which he was given a suspended sentence, he was banned for life from coaching in Australia, and Sutton's marriage ended in divorce. Sutton later remarried, and is now based in Leysin, Switzerland, where he lives with his Swiss wife Fiona and their two daughters.

He has been described as "the coach with the most formidable résumé in triathlon", "widely recognised as one of the best triathlon coaches", and "widely considered to be the best and most unorthodox coach in the sport".


Hot (Mel B album)

Hot is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Melanie Brown, released on 9 October 2000 by Virgin. "Hot" mainly received negative reviews after its release.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Hot".

Over the Moon (1939 movie)

Over the Moon is a 1939 British comedy movie directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Merle Oberon, Rex Harrison, Ursula Jeans, Robert Douglas, Louis Borel, Zena Dare. It was distributed by United Artists.


Vaudricourt, Somme

Vaudricourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vauvillers, Somme

Vauvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vaux-en-Amiénois

Vaux-en-Amiénois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vaux-Marquenneville

Vaux-Marquenneville is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vecquemont

Vecquemont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Aixe-sur-Vienne

Aixe-sur-Vienne is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Haute-Vienne department in west France.

Velennes, Somme

Velennes is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vercourt

Vercourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vermandovillers

Vermandovillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Deca-

Deca- is the prefix commonly used to denote sets of ten, derived for the Latin "Decem".

Verpillières

Verpillières is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vers-sur-Selle

Vers-sur-Selle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vignacourt

Vignacourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Westfield London

Westfield London is a big shopping centre in White City, west London, England, made by the Westfield Group at a cost of £1.6bn,
on a brownfield area previously the home of the 1908 Franco-British Exhibition. The area is near the West Cross Route (A3220), the Westway (A40) and Wood Lane (A219). It opened on 30 October 2008 during the financial crisis and soon became the largest shopping centre in London. Originally, it had a shopping floor area of . But with more money put into the shopping centre, it became the largest shopping centre in Europe by March 2018, having an area of .

Department stores John Lewis, Marks & Spencer, and House of Fraser are at the bottom of the shopping centres. Debenhams closed down in April 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Saint-Aubin-de-Nabirat

Saint-Aubin-de-Nabirat is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Dordogne department in southwest France.

Notre-Dame-de-Sanilhac

Notre-Dame-de-Sanilhac is a former commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Dordogne department in southwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Sanilhac.

Breuilh

Breuilh is a former commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Dordogne department in southwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Sanilhac.

Alen Margaryan

Alen Margaryan was an Armenian soldier who received the title of Hero of Artsakh at the age of 21.

He was born on 11 February 1999. In 2020 he took part in the Nagorno-Karabakh war between Artsakh, Armenia and Azerbaijan. He was killed by a drone strike on 30 September 2020.

Bauchi

Bauchi is a city in Nigeria. It is the capital of Bauchi State.

Curtain Call at Cactus Creek

Curtain Call at Cactus Creek is a 1950 American western comedy movie directed by Charles Lamont and starring Donald O'Connor, Gale Storm, Walter Brennan, Vincent Price, Eve Arden, Joe Sawyer, Chick Chandler, Rex Lease. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Trikini

A trikini is a swimsuit for women, which is similar to a bikini. A bikini consists of two pieces, a top and a bottom. A bikini is made of three pieces. The first trikinis appeared in the 1960s, they again became popular in the 2000s.

Cuban art

Cuban art has been known since the 16th century.

In the 16th century, painters and sculptors began arriving from Europe. They made decorations (including paintings and sculptures), in Cuban churches and public buildings. By the mid-1700s, native-born artists were painting in Cuba, in the European tradition of painting.

Many works of art were left behind by José Nicolás de la Escalera (d. 1804). For many of those works, there is proof that he was the one who painted those.

Vicente Escobar (d. 1834) was a "mestizo", and he did portraits; His paintings were popular with Cuba's elite (or people with wealth or political power). He opened [the first, or] one of the first painting workshop/studios in Cuba. He later graduated from the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando in Madrid.

Víctor Patricio de Landaluze (d. 1889) was a Spanish-born artist, and he was an early artist of the "costumbrismo" genre. He was opposed to Cuban independence, and that cost him some of his popularity with the public.

By the late 1920s [an Avant-garde movement,] the Vanguardia, had rejected convention [or some norms] of Cuba's national art academy. Most of the Vanguardia artists had been students at the national art academy. Many had lived in Paris (France), where they learned (more) about Surrealism, Cubism, and modernist Primitivism. Those genres (or styles) gave inspiration to the Vanguardia artists.

Pioneer s (or the first to be part) of the movement included Eduardo Abela, Antonio Gattorno, Victor Manuel, Fidelio Ponce de León, and Carlos Enríquez Gómez. Other famous artists of the original Vanguardia were Amelia Peláez, Jorge Arche, Marcelo Pogolotti, Aristides Fernandez, Rafael Blanco, Domingo Ravenet, Alberto Peña, and Lorenzo Romero Arciaga.

The painting ["the tropical gypsy",] "La Gitana Tropical" (1929), has been called one of the defining pieces (or paintings) of Cuban Avant-garde art. Victor Manuel painted it. During stays in Paris, he had been impressed by the works of Paul Cézanne and Paul Gauguin. (The painting is in a museum in Havana, Cuba.)

Between 1934 and 1940, Cuba was searching for its cultural identity in its European and African roots. The landscape, flora, fauna, and lore of the island, as well as its peasants - the often neglected, but important part of Cuba's soul and economy - was shown, more and more, in its art.

In 1938, the Second National Salon of Painting and Sculpture, showed art works. Some of the artists there, have been called part of a second generation of modern artists, including Cundo Bermudez, Mario Carreño, Rita Longa, Alfredo Lozano, Luis Martinez-Pedro, and René Portocarrero

The painting "The Jungle" (1943) has been called a masterpiece (or a painting by a master) of Cuban art. The artist, Wifredo Lam, is not thought of, as being a part of the Vanguardia movement. (The painting is in a museum in the United States. It was bought in 1945.)

In 1944 in New York City (USA), the art exhibition "Modern Cuban Painters" was held at MoMA. That year Mario Carreño had a solo exhibition (or his own exhibition) at San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.

In 1951 in Paris (France), an exhibition of modern Cuban art was shown at the Musée National d'Art Moderne.

After the Cuban Revolution of 1959, some artists made a decision to leave Cuba. Because the creation of art, was sponsored (or paid for) by the Cuban government, implied censorship occurred, since artists wouldn't want to make art that was against the government that was financing (or paying for) the art.

In the 1960s and 1970s conceptual art was introduced. Minimalism, Earth art, and Performance art was (sometimes) mixed with conceptual art

In 1984 the first Havana Biennial was held. (There have been biennials as late as 2015 and 2019, and the one in 2021 was boycotted by hundreds of artists [and many foreign spectators].
In 1997 in New York City (USA), the exhibition "Naïve Art in Cuba", was held at Metropolitan Arts Center. It showed the art of fourteen Cuban artists of Naïve art, and art from eight members of the "Grupo Bayate", an artists' collective (or group) from Mella, Santiago de Cuba. 

As of 2015, few artists of Naïve art have had works shown at art salons (or other exhibitions, such as) the biennial of Havana.


Françoise Dorléac

Françoise Paulette Louise Dorléac (21 March 194226 June 1967) was a French actress and model. She was the oldest sister of Catherine Deneuve. She was known for her roles in Philippe de Broca's movie "L'homme de Rio", François Truffaut's "La peau douce", Roman Polanski's "Cul-de-sac", and Val Guest's "Where the Spies Are".

Dorléac was killed in a car crash on 26 June 1967 in Nice, France at the age of 25.


Philippe de Broca

Philippe de Broca (; 15 March 1933 – 26 November 2004) was a French movie director. His best known movies were "That Man from Rio ("L'Homme de Rio")", "The Man from Acapulco (Le Magnifique)" and "On Guard (Le Bossu)".

Broce died of cancer at a Neuilly-sur-Seine hospital on 26 November 2004 at the age of 71.


David Bailey

David Royston Bailey (born 2 January 1938) is an English fashion and portrait photographer.



Pyotr Mamonov

Pyotr Nikolayevich Mamonov (, ; 14 April 1951 – 15 July 2021) was a Russian rock musician and songwriter. He was known for being the frontman of the Moscow band Zvuki Mu. Mamonov was born in Moscow.

Mamonov died on 15 July 2021 in Moscow from COVID-19, aged 70.

Sylvia Acevedo

Sylvia Acevedo is an American engineer and businesswoman. She was head of the Girl Scouts of the USA from 2016 to 2020.

She began her career as a systems engineer at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, where she was on the Voyager 2 team. She held leadership positions at a number of technology companies, such as Apple, Dell, IBM and Autodesk.

Acevedo was born in South Dakota but her family later moved to Las Cruces, New Mexico, where she grew up. She joined the Girl Scouts when she was 7 years old.

In 1979, she received a bachelor's degree in industrial engineering from New Mexico State University. In 1983, she was one of the first Hispanic students to earn a Master of Science graduate degree in systems engineering from Stanford University.

Acevedo worked as a rocket scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, where one of her jobs was to analyze data from Voyager 2. Acevedo then moved to IBM, where she worked as a systems engineer.

In 2011, American President Barack Obama appointed Acevedo to the Commission on Educational Excellence for Hispanics. She served in the position until January 2016.

Acevedo became a board member for the Girl Scouts in 2008. In 2016 she was elected interim (temporary) chief executive officer (CEO) of the group. The next year she was named permanent CEO.

Acevedo stepped down from her role in the Girl Scouts in 2020.

2018: Clarion Books", Path To the Stars, My Journey from Girl Scouts to Rocket Scientist", an aspirational middle school memoir 

2016: Harcourt Mifflin Houghton, "Critical Growth Needs for English Learner Preschoolers"

2016: UCLA White paper: "Realizing the Economic Advantages of a Multilingual Workforce", (alongside Dr. Patricia Gandara)

Hugo F. Sonnenschein

Hugo Freund Sonnenschein (November 14, 1940 – July 15, 2021) was a prominent American economist and educational administrator. He was the Adam Smith Distinguished Service Professor in Economics at the University of Chicago. He was known for focusing on the microeconomic theory such as general equilibrium theory. He was the 11th president of the University of Chicago from 1993 until 2000. 

Peter R. de Vries

Peter Rudolf de Vries (14 November 1956 – 15 July 2021) was a Dutch investigative journalist and crime reporter. He was known for hosting the television program "". In 2005, he founded his own political party.

On 6 July 2021, De Vriea was shot in the head after leaving the television studio of RTL Boulevard in Amsterdam. He was taken to a hospital in critical condition, where he died nine days later at the age of 64.

Killing of Peter R. de Vries

In the evening of 6 July 2021, Dutch investigative journalist and crime reporter Peter R. de Vries was shot in the head after leaving the television studio of RTL Boulevard in Amsterdam. Many shots were fired at him at the "Lange Leidsedwarsstraat" while he was on his way to his car. He was taken to the VU University Medical Center in critical condition. De Vries died as a result of the shooting on 15 July 2021.

Later in his career, de Vries became one of the most visible figures in the journalistic investigation of cold cases in the Netherlands, such as the death of Nicky Verstappen, in which he supported the victim's family in court. 

In 2021, De Vries supported the crown witness Nabil Bakkali in the Marengo process. Less than two years earlier, Bakkali's lawyer, Derk Wiersum, had been murdered outside his home in Amsterdam.

The Dutch police arrested three suspects the same day of the shooting. Two suspects were in a car that was stopped on the A4 motorway near Leidschendam. The third person was released the next day, and is no longer a suspect. A 35-year-old Polish man, Kamil E., is the suspected getaway car driver, while a 21-year-old Dutchman, Delano G., is the suspected shooter. Dutch media has reported that the suspected killer is the nephew or cousin of one of the henchmen of Ridouan Taghi, known as the Netherlands' most-wanted criminal. De Vries was involved in the prosecution of Taghi.

Surekha Sikri

Surekha Sikri Rege (19 April 1945 16 July 2021) was an Indian actress. Her career began in 1978 with the movie "Kissa Kursi Ka". She won awards for her roles in "Tamas" (1988), "Mammo" (1995) and "Badhaai Ho" (2018). Sikri was born in New Delhi.

Sikri died on 16 July 2021 in Mumbai from cardiac arrest caused by multiple strokes, aged 76.

2021 European floods

The 2021 European floods are a series of ongoing severe floods which began on 12 July 2021. They have affected several river basins. It started in the United Kingdom before spreading into Austria, Belgium, Croatia, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Romania and Switzerland. Germany was affected the hardest where at least 103 people died. 200,000 properties were left without power.

Calendar Man

Calendar Man (Julian Gregory Day) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is an enemy of the superhero Batman. Calendar Man is known for committing crimes that relate to holidays and important dates. He sometimes wears costumes to match with the date of the crime. 

The character will make his movie debut in "The Suicide Squad", played by Sean Gunn.

Ashoka Chakra

The Ashoka Chakra is a wheel represented with 24 spokes in Buddhism. It is in the centre of the Flag of India.

Sean Gunn

Sean Gunn (born May 22, 1974) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Kirk Gleason on The WB series "Gilmore Girls" (2000–2007) and Kraglin in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Guardians of the Galaxy" (2014), "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" (2017), "" (2019), "" (2022), "The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special" (2022), and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3". Sean Gunn also provides the motion-capture for Rocket Raccoon in the MCU. He is the younger brother of director James Gunn.

Polka-Dot Man

The Polka-Dot Man (Abner Krill) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a minor enemy of Batman. His powers include advanced technology in the form of the costume's polka dots, which were controlled through the costume's belt.

The Polka-Dot Man made his movie debut in James Gunn's DC Extended Universe movie "The Suicide Squad" in 2021, played by David Dastmalchian.

Ratcatcher (comics)

Ratcatcher is name of two fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books and other media published by DC Comics. He is an enemy of Batman. He is a rat-catcher in Gotham City and known as Otis Flannegan. He called himself the Ratcatcher because of his special powers to talk with and train rats.

Ratcatcher first appeared in "Detective Comics" #585 (April 1988) and was created by Alan Grant, John Wagner, and Norm Breyfogle.

A second and female version of the character, named Cleo Cazo / Ratcatcher 2 and shown as the daughter of the original Ratcatcher, will make her cinematic debut in the DC Extended Universe movie "The Suicide Squad" (2021), portrayed by Daniela Melchior.

2020–21 Frauen Bundesliga

The 2020–21 Frauen Bundesliga was the 31st season of the Frauen Bundesliga in Germany. It took place from 4 September 2020 to 6 June 2021. Bayern Munich won their third Bundesliga title.

Source: 

23 goals


17 goals


16 goals


13 goals


11 goals


10 goals


8 goals



Kite Man

Kite Man (Charles "Chuck" Brown) is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. He is seen as a villain of Batman who uses kite-based weapons to commit crimes. The character has been generally seen as a joke because of his lack of super-powers and dumb personality.

Kite Man first appeared in "Batman" #133 (August 1960), and was created by writer Bill Finger and artist Dick Sprang.

He appeared as a regular character in the adult animated series "Harley Quinn", where he is voiced by Matt Oberg.

Bloodsport (character)

Bloodsport is a name used by many fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. They are mainly a villian to Superman. He was created by writer and artist John Byrne. The original Bloodsport first appeared in "Superman" vol. 2, #4 (April 1987). The main person to use this name is Robert DuBois.

In the DC Extended Universe, Robert DuBois was played by Idris Elba in "The Suicide Squad" (2021).

Eintracht Frankfurt (women)

Eintracht Frankfurt is a German women's association football team that represents Frankfurt and plays in the Frauen Bundesliga. The team was called 1. FFC Frankfurt until 2020. The team is the most successful German team, both in the league and in Europe. Frankfurt has won 7 Bundesliga titles, 4 UEFA Women's Champions League titles and 9 DFB-Pokal titles. Some notable players include Birgit Prinz, Fatmire Alushi, Melanie Behringer, Célia Šašić and Simone Laudehr.


Rick Flag

Rick Flag is the name of three fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The name is used by a father, son, and grandson also known as Rick Flag.

The father, Richard Flag, was in the original Suicide Squad, a World War II unit. His son, Captain Rick Flag Jr., was a member of the Forgotten Heroes and led two different versions of the Suicide Squad.

Joel Kinnaman plays Flag in the live-action DC Extended Universe movies "Suicide Squad" and the sequel.

Vladimir Sofronitsky

Vladimir Vladimirovich Sofronitsky (or Sofronitzky; , "Vladimir Sofronitskij"; – August 29, 1961) was a Russian-Soviet pianist.

Vladimir Sofronitsky was born in St. Petersburg. He started piano lessons in Poland after his family moved to Warsaw in 1903. His teachers were Anna Lebedeva-Getcevich and later Aleksander Michałowski. After Poland he went to Petrograd to study in the Conservatory. His classmates were other talented musicians such as Dmitri Shostakovich, Maria Yudina, and Elena Scriabina. In 1920 he married Scriabina.

Sofronitsky gave his first solo concert in 1919, and went on his foreign tour in France in 1928. In 1945, he was sent by Joseph Stalin to play at the Potsdam Conference. That was his only time performing outside the Soviet Union. Sofronitsky was teaching at the Leningrad Conservatory from 1936 to 1942, and then at the Moscow Conservatory until his death in 1961.

In 1942 he was proclaimed an Honored Artist of the RSFSR and awarded a Stalin Prize of the first class in 1943.

Sofronitsky's performed works from Scriabin, Chopin, Schubert, Schumann, Liszt, Beethoven, Lyadov, Rachmaninoff, Medtner, Prokofiev, and others. His daughter is the Canadian pianist Viviana Sofronitsky. Sofronitsky recordings document one of the most intense and individual pianistic personalities of the 20th century.


Shadow Home Secretary

In British politics, the Shadow Home Secretary (officially known as the Shadow Secretary of State for the Home Department), is the person in the shadow cabinet who shadows the Home Secretary. This mostly means criticising government policy on home affairs including policing, national security, the criminal justice system, the prison service, and stuff to do with citizenship. If the opposition party is elected to government, the Shadow Home Secretary usually becomes the new Home Secretary, but this doesn't always happen and isn't required. The person who is currently Shadow Home Secretary is the Labour MP Yvette Cooper since 29 November 2021.

TSG 1899 Hoffenheim (women)

TSG 1899 Hoffenheim is a German women's association football team from Hoffenheim in northern Baden-Württemberg. The team plays in the Frauen Bundesliga. The team plays their games at the Dietmar-Hopp-Stadion, which was used by the men's team until 2009.

The club's first season in the Bundesliga was in 2013–14.


Bharatmata

Bhāratmātā (Hindi, Bengali, from Sanskrit Bhāratāmbā ; अम्बा "ambā" means 'mother', also known as Mother Carrier in English) is the National personification of the modern Republic of India "Bharat" as a Mother goddess. The motto "Bharat Mata ki Jai’" ("Victory for Mother India") is used by the Indian Army.

Johann Andreas Stein

Johann (Georg) Andreas Stein (16 May 1728 in Heidelsheim – 29 February 1792 in Augsburg), was a maker of keyboard instruments from Germany. He built organs, clavichords, harpsichords and pianos. 

In the beginning Stein learned the craft from his father in Heidelsheim. In 1748 to 1749 he was visiting two different workshops: one of Johann Andreas Silbermann in Strasbourg and the other of Frantz Jacob Spath in Regensburg. Later Stein played an important role in the history of piano and was responsible for the design of the Viennese hammer action. In 1777 Stein met Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart for the first time. The composer used Stein's pianos in his public performances in Augsburg later that year. He was fond of Stein's pianos and shared his admiration in a letter to his father. 

Only a few instrument by Stein survived until the XXI century. One clavichord that was bought by Leopold Mozart is now displayed in the Budapest National Museum. 


Selly Oak

Selly Oak is a mostly factory and home filled area in south-west Birmingham, England. Selly Oak ward, named after the area, has the neighbourhoods of: Bournbrook, Selly Park, and Ten Acres inside it. The nearby areas of Edgbaston and Harborne are to the north of the Bourn Brook, which was the former county borders, and to the south are Weoley, and Bournville. A local government is in-charge the four wards of Selly Oak, Billesley, Bournville and Brandwood. The same areas make the Birmingham Selly Oak political constituency, with their MP being Steve McCabe of the Labour Party. Selly Oak is connected to Birmingham by the Pershore Road (A441) and the Bristol Road (A38).

The 2001 Population Census found that there were 25,792 people who lived in Selly Oak, with a population density of 4,236 people per km which was sometimes compared with 3,649 people per km in Birmingham. 15.9% of the population were people from races that had smaller populations in the UK compared with 29.6% in Birmingham. As the University of Birmingham is nearby, there are many students who live in the area. This can damage the figures about population that use the election registered voter record because some students are not allowed to vote, and some who are allowed do not register to vote.

The Belko Experiment

The Belko Experiment is a 2016 American horror thriller movie directed by Greg McLean and starring John Gallagher Jr., Tony Goldwyn, Adria Arjona, John C. McGinley, Melonie Diaz, Owain Yeoman, Sean Gunn, Josh Brener, Michael Rooker. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Nannette Streicher

Nannette Streicher (née Anna-Maria Stein; 2 January 1769, Augsburg – 16 January 1833, Vienna) was a piano builder, composer and a writer from Germany. 

Nannette was a daughter of the organ and piano maker Johann Andreas Stein from Augsburg. Her father founded an important piano-making dynasty, and in 1790 Streicher took over father's business. In 1793 she married a musician Johann Andreas Streicher, and in 1794 they moved together to Vienna. In the beginning she had her brother Matthias Andreas Stein as a partner in the firm that was called "Geschwister Stein". In 1802 siblings decided to go separate ways, and Streicher started inscribing her pianos "Nannette Streicher née Stein in Wien". She was close to "Ludwig van Beethoven" and was helping him in household. The composer also had one of Streicher's pianos. After her death, their son Johann Baptist Streicher continued the firm. 

Anton Walter

Gabriel Anton Walter (5 February 1752 – 11 April 1826) was a Viennese piano builder. 

Born in Neuhausen auf den Fildern in Germany, Walter moved to Vienna in 1780. In 1790 he obtained the status of "Imperial Royal Chamber Organ Builder and Instrument Maker". His firm was employing about 20 craftsmen and was labeled ""Anton Walter und Sohn"" ("and son"). Walter improved the Viennese piano mechanic design that was created by Johann Andreas Stein in Augsburg. The most famous composers of those times had pianos from Walter, among them were Ludwig van Beethoven, Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Last bought Walter's piano in 1782 and was using it in an important phase of his career. Mozart's own piano that was built by Walter survived till the XXI century and now is kept in Salzburg. 


Robert Eggers

Robert Eggers (born July 7, 1983) is an American movie director and screenwriter. He created two horror movies called "The Witch" (2015) and "The Lighthouse" (2019). The Northman is an upcoming movie of Eggers.

Nicole Billa

Nicole Billa (born on 5 March 1996 in Kufstein, Austria) is an Austrian football player who currently plays for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim and the Austria women's national team.

In the 2020–21 Frauen Bundesliga, she was the top scorer with 23 goals.


Conrad Graf

Conrad Graf (17 November 1782 in Riedlingen, Further Austria – 18 March 1851 in Vienna) was an Austrian-German piano builder. 

Starting as a cabinet maker, Graf became a student to a piano maker Jakob Schelkle in 1800. After the death of his teacher, Graf married his widow and took over the workshop. In 1826 he converted a former dance hall in Vienna into a piano factory. Graf's factory produced more than 3000 pianos. Graf sold the firm to Carl Stein (a grandson of Johann Andreas Stein) in 1824.

In 1826 Graf gave an instrument to Ludwig van Beethoven. After the composer's death Graf took the piano back and sold it to the Weimer family in Vienna. Now this instrument is displayed in the Beethoven-Haus in Bonn. Another composer that was using Graf's pianos was Frédéric Chopin. He chose it for a concert in Vienna and continued to "cherish" Graf's instruments after that. Clara and Robert Schumann received a piano from Graf as a wedding gift. After Schumann's death in 1856, Clara gave the piano to Johannes Brahms, who used it until 1873. Felix Mendelssohn also admired Graf's instruments. He purchased one in 1832 and later ordered another one for using it in Dusseldorf. Franz Liszt, Camille Pleyel and Friedrich Kalkbrenner also used pianos from Conrad Graf. In September 2018 a replica of a Graf's instrument built by Paul McNulty was used in the first International Chopin Piano Competition (run by Fryderyk Chopin Institute).


Asuka Saitō

Asuka Saitō is a Japanese idol singer, actress and fashion model. She is a member of the Japanese girl group Nogizaka46.

Ignaz Pleyel

Ignace Joseph Pleyel (French: [plɛjɛl]; German: [ˈplaɪl̩]; 18 June 1757 – 14 November 1831) was an Austrian-French composer and piano builder. 

Pleyel was born in Ruppersthal in Austria in a family of a schoolmaster Martin Pleyl. In 1772 he became a student of Joseph Haydn. 

In 1783 Pleyel moved to Strasbourg to work with Franz Xaver Richter, the maître de chapelle at the Strasbourg Cathedral. In 1788 Pleyel married Françoise-Gabrielle Lefebvre and had four children with her. In 1797 he started a business as a music publisher ("Maison Pleyel") in Paris. The company published about 4,000 works during 39 years. 

Pleyel composed more than 40 symphonies, 70 string quartets, several operas, piano solo pieces and chamber music. He also was a founder of a piano firm Pleyel et Cie that was continued by Pleyel's son Camille. The firm provided pianos for Frédéric Chopin. The composer was very fond of Pleyel's instruments. In 2009 a replica of the 1830 model of Pleyel's piano was built. Now it is in the collection of Fryderyk Chopin Institute in Warsaw. It was also used in the 1st International Chopin Piano Competition on Period Instruments. 


Splatoon 2

Splatoon 2 is a 2017 shooter game developed and published by Nintendo on the Nintendo Switch. It is a sequel to "Splatoon." A DLC expansion for the game, Splatoon 2: Octo Expansion, was released on the Nintendo eShop in 2018.

"Splatoon 2" features similar gameplay to the previous entry, with players being able to shoot, jump and hide in ink. Some new weapons were added in as updates.

The Octarians, an evil race of octopi-like creatures, have stolen power sources called Zapfish from Inkopolis. The main protagonist, Agent 4, is tasked with saving them and stopping the Octarians.

In 2018", Splatoon 2" received a DLC expansion named Splatoon 2: Octo Expansion. This DLC added new story levels and new gameplay elements, as well as playable Octolings, octopus-like creatures similar to the game's squid-like Inklings.

Gameplay consists of short challenge levels, usually timed, with players being given a specific weapon. They must complete the level with that weapon. 

Albert Bustamante

Albert Garza Bustamante (April 8, 1935 – November 30, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives, representing Texas's 23rd district from 1985 until 1993. ​He was a Democrat.

Bustamante died on November 30, 2021 in San Antonio, Texas at the age of 86.

Joel Hefley

Joel Maurice Hefley (born April 18, 1935) is an American Republican politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives representing the 5th Congressional District of Colorado from 1987 to 2007. He is known for being a critic of same-sex marriage.

W. S. Stuckey Jr.

Williamson Sylvester Stuckey Jr. (born May 25, 1935) is an American businessman and a politician. He is a former member of the Democratic Party. He was CEO of the Stuckey's chain of gift shops from 1985 until 2019. He was also a member of the United States House of Representatives representing Georgia's 8th congressional district from 1967 until 1977.

Pete Peterson

Douglas Brian "Pete" Peterson (born June 26, 1935) is an American politician. He was a United States Air Force pilot during the Vietnam War. He became the first United States Ambassador to Vietnam in 1997. He was an ambassador until July 2001. 

Peterson was also a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1991 until 1997 for Florida's 2nd congressional district.

Tirey Lafayette Ford

Tirey Lafayette Ford (December 29, 1857 – June 26, 1928) was an American lawyer and Republican politician who served as a California State Senator and the 18th Attorney-General of California. He acted as General Counsel for the United Railroads in San Francisco.

Ford was born on a farm in Monroe County, Missouri, the son of Jacob Harrison Ford and Mary Winn Abernathy. He went to the district county school from 1863 to 1873 and graduated from high school in 1876.

In 1877, at the age of 19, Ford left Missouri and took an immigrant train to Colusa County, California. For three years, he worked on his uncle Hugh J. Glenn's ranch; Hugh Glenn was a Democratic candidate for Governor. Ford became a student in the law office of Colonel Park Henshaw in Chico, California. Ford was admitted to the California bar in August 1882.

In 1882, Ford moved to Oroville to practice law in partnership with Senator Albert F. Jones, under the firm name of "Jones & Ford". This partnership lasted for one year when Ford moved to Downieville, California, the county seat of Sierra County, where he practiced law under the firm name of "Smith & Ford". He specialized in mining law.

In 1888, Ford was elected as District Attorney of Sierra County on the Republican ticket. He re-elected in 1890 to the office without opposition, the Democrats making no nomination against him.

Ford became Republican California State Senator in 1892 and 1895 for California's 3rd State Senate district, Plumas, Sierra, and Nevada Counties. On March 23, 1893, Senator Ford introduced two bills known as the Ford's Mining Bills, Senate Bill No. 50, which would allow hydraulic mining where it can be done without material injury to the navigable rivers, and Senate Bill No. 389, which would appropriate $250,000 for building restraining dams, provided by the United States Government.

He was appointed attorney to the State Board of Harbor Commissioners in 1894, which office he held until elected Attorney General for the state of California in 1898. Ford solved a difficult legal dispute over ownership of an area known as Channel Street in the San Francisco's harbor leading to the bay. A judgment gave this land for public use to the city of San Francisco.

He served as the 18th California Attorney General 1899–1902. One of his noteworthy acts was the reversal of a decision regarding the inheritance tax on the Leland Stanford estate that converted $250,000 to public schools of San Francisco. He resigned as Attorney General in order to become General Counsel for the United Railroads (URR) of San Francisco.

In 1905, Governor George Pardee selected Ford to be the State Prison Director. Ford wrote a book called "California State Prisons: their history, development and management", published in 1910. As director, he created a special bureau for paroled prisoners.

In August 1902, Ford was appointed general counsel for the United Railroads of San Francisco. His knowledge of railroad law as of other departments of jurisprudence was comprehensive and accurate, and he stands today as one of the foremost representatives of the legal interests of California. As attorney for URR, he was involved in a bribery scandal in 1906, but was later found to be innocent. The bribery scandal was one of the many San Francisco graft trials, which included Mayor Eugene Schmitz and attorney Abe Ruef, who were receiving bribes.

In his retirement, Ford took up historical studies and literary pursuits. In 1926 he published a novel, "Dawn and the Dons: The Romance of Monterey", with vignettes and sketches by artist Jo Mora.

On June 26, 1928, Ford died in his bed due to a sudden heart attack. He was 70 years old. A funeral service was held at Gary's Chapel on Divisadero Street at Post in San Francisco. He was interred at the family mausoleum, at the Holy Cross Cemetery in Colma, California.


Creed (movie)

Creed is a 2015 American sports drama movie directed by Ryan Coogler and starring Michael B. Jordan, Sylvester Stallone, Tessa Thompson, Phylicia Rashad, Tony Bellew. It is both a sequel and spin-off to the "Rocky" franchise, which is the seventh movie of the series and a sequel to the 2006 movie "Rocky Balboa". The movie was distributed by Warner Bros.. It won 1 Golden Globe and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2016. In 2018 and 2023, two sequels were released, Creed II, Creed III


Pleural effusion

A pleural effusion is when there is a large amount of fluid in the pleural space, the potential space that surrounds each lung.

There are many types of pleural effusion and they include:

Woke

Woke ( ) is a word which originally referred to awareness about racism and discrimination. It later came to include an awareness of other issues of social inequality, for example regarding gender and sexual orientation. Since the late 2010s it has also been used as a general word for left-wing political movements and viewpoints which emphasise the identity politics of people of color (those who are not white), LGBT people, and women.

The phrase "stay woke" began within the everyday language of some African Americans in the 1930s, because in African-American Vernacular English (AAVE) "woke" is instead of "woken", the usual form of "wake".

After the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014, the word was used by Black Lives Matter (BLM) activists who wanted to raise awareness about police shootings of African Americans in the US. It became an Internet meme and was increasingly utilised by individuals who were not African American to show that they supported BLM. Popular among millennials, the word spread worldwide and was added to the Oxford English Dictionary in 2017.

The word ended up being used as a catch-all term to describe left-wing ideologies, often centred on the identity politics of minority groups and informed by academic movements like critical race theory, which identified themselves as being devoted to social justice. This included BLM, anti-racism, and campaigns on women's and LGBT issues. By 2020, parts of the political right in some Western countries were ironically using the word "woke" to describe left-wing movements and ideologies they disagreed with. In turn, some left-wing activists came to consider it an offensive term used to belittle those campaigning against discrimination.


Lower Andes tree frog

The lower Andes tree frog ("Boana melanopleura") is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists have only seen it in two places in the Andes Mountains, 2080 meters above sea level.

Villecourt

Villecourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ville-le-Marclet

Ville-le-Marclet is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Paul Whiteman

Paul Samuel "Pops" Whiteman (March 28, 1890 – December 29, 1967) was an American bandleader, composer, orchestral director, and violist. He was known as the "King of Jazz". His most popular recordings include "Whispering", "Valencia", "Three O'Clock in the Morning", "In a Little Spanish Town", and "Parade of the Wooden Soldiers".

Ville-sur-Ancre

Ville-sur-Ancre is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Person of color

A person of color (plural: people of color, sometimes persons of color) is an American term referring to someone who is not white. Since the 2010s, it has been used in other parts of the English-speaking world.

In the United States, people of color include African Americans, Asian Americans, Native Americans, Pacific Islanders, mixed-race Americans, and some Latinos. It can also refer to people of non-white ancestry outside of the US.

The term "colored" was the older word for people of color in American English, but later came to be only used for "Negroes" (an outdated and offensive word for black people). It is now considered racist. In South Africa, "Coloreds" refers to multiple mixed-race ethnic groups, and is sometimes applied to other groups in Southern Africa, such as the of Namibia.

L.A. State of Mind

L.A. State of Mind is the second studio album by English singer and songwriter Melanie Brown. It was released on 27 June 2005 by Amber Café. Brown recorded most of the album in her kitchen with her friends from London and did not want to release it via a record label. Like "Hot" (2000), "L.A. State of Mind" received negative reviews from critics.

"L.A. State of Mind" received generally mixed to negative reviews upon its release from music critics.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "L.A. State of Mind".

Hermann Rorschach

Hermann Rorschach (8 November 1884 – 2 April 1922) was a Swiss psychiatrist and psychoanalyst. His method Rorschach test was to use inkblots. This test is still used to identify various disorders of the patient.

Bayou Cane, Louisiana

Bayou Cane is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Gray asexuality

Grey asexuality refers to the broad spectrum between asexuality and sexuality. Gray-asexual individuals are often ascribed with a rare or circumstantial sexual attraction.

Jerzy Brzęczek

Jerzy Józef Brzęczek (born 18 March 1971) is a Polish football manager and former player. He was the manager of the Poland national team from 2018 to 2021.

Pangender

Pangender or omnigender people identify as many or infinite genders. It is a non-binary, multigender, and transgender identity. It is also sometimes said to be under the polygender umbrella term. Sometimes the number of genders that pangender people identify as is unknown or may change.

The word "pangender" comes from the Greek prefix "pan-", meaning "all" or "every", and gender. Together this can mean "every gender", "all genders", or other similar translations.

Ogie Banks

Ogie Henry Banks III (born June 13, 1973) is an American voice actor. He is best known for his roles as Clawd Wolf in Monster High and Luke Cage and Miles Morales in Ultimate Spider-Man. He also voices Dylan in the Bratz franchise and Darui in Naruto.

Villeroy, Somme

Villeroy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Villers-aux-Érables

Villers-aux-Érables is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Villers-Bocage, Somme

Villers-Bocage is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Villers-Bocage

Villers-Bocage is the name of two communes in France:

COVID-19 pandemic in Brunei

The COVID-19 pandemic in Brunei is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). On 9 March 2020, the first case in the country was confirmed in Tutong.

Villers-Campsart

Villers-Campsart is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Villers-Carbonnel

Villers-Carbonnel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Chris Edgerly

Christopher "Chris" Edgerly (born August 6, 1969) is an American voice actor, comedian and singer. Edgerly is well known for his performances as a voice actor in animated movies, television shows, video games, commercials and various other animation projects.

A Brighter Summer Day

A Brighter Summer Day is a 1991 Taiwanese crime drama movie directed by Edward Yang and starring Chang Chen, Elaine Jin, Lawrence Ko, Chang Kuo-chu, Lisa Yang, Tan Chihkang.


Kay Barnes

Kay Waldo Barnes (born as Kay Cronkite, March 30, 1938, St. Joseph, Missouri) is an American politician and the former two term Mayor of Kansas City, Missouri. She is a Democratic Party member. Barnes was the first female mayor of Kansas City from May 1999 until May 2007. She is the cousin of the famous journalist Walter Cronkite

Barnes was the Democratic nominee for Missouri's 6th congressional district under the United States House of Representatives in the 2008 election against the Republican incumbent Sam Graves.

In 1974, Barnes was one of the first two women with the Jackson County Legislature. She was elected to the Kansas City Council in 1979.

Bayonne ham

Bayonne ham () is a type of ham from the French commune of Bayonne. It is made by curing the pork with a special type of salt from the commune of Salies-de-Béarn. It currently has protected designation of origin. The meat can only come from a special breed of pigs from small farms.

Cereal

Cereal usually refers to a type of grass that is grown to be eaten. Some, such as wheat, are mostly used to feed people. Some are fed to cattle, and lesser amounts are used for other purposes. 

It is a common breakfast meal. The kind of cereal eaten for breakfast is called breakfast cereal. This is made of grain, and usually eaten with milk in the United States. It is often sweetened with sugar, syrup, or fruit.

The word "cereal" comes from 'Ceres', the name of the Roman goddess of harvest and agriculture. Grains are called "corn" in the United Kingdom and Ireland, but in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand "corn" means "maize".

In the 19th century, Americans ate meat a lot for breakfast and usually did not eat grains and fiber. But after that, people who were interested in eating more healthy foods began a push for healthy breakfasts.

This brought up the creation of Granula. The name "Granula" comes from "granulates", formed of grain. In 1863 this became the first breakfast cereal and included heavy nuggets made from bran, the outer husk of a grain that is taken out when making flour. The cereal had to be soaked overnight before being eaten. Simply pouring milk over it was not enough to make it eatable.

The cereals eaten today grew out of a health campaign that began in the 1860s. Thin baked dough served to patients in hospitals inspired two men, C.W. Post and W. K. Kellogg. These two men started their own companies, named them after themselves.



Beddit

Beddit is a Finnish company specializing on the sleep monitoring. Beddit sells sleep tracking devices. The company was found on October 12, 2006. 

Dehumanization

Dehumanization is the act of denying that a person is fully human, or treating a person like they are not fully human. Dehumanization makes it easier for people to be cruel to others, and inflict suffering.

Dehumanization can be used against a racial group or ethnicity, by comparing them to animals or monsters. In this way it is easier to abuse people of another group. For example, black people have been dehumanized by racist images comparing them to apes. Researchers say that this dehumanization continues to exist today: it can affect the punishment for a crime. Some people, such as Ota Benga, an African Mbuti man, were held in human zoos. They were shown for visitors' amusement, just like zoo animals.

Native Americans, Africans, and Aboriginal Australians were often pictured as unintelligent and savages. When Ireland became a colony of England, English newspapers showed the Irish as less cultured, less reasonable, and violent.

In Nazi Germany, Nazis called Jews Untermensch, meaning less than human. Nazis also described Jews as rats. These words were used to allow the Nazis to kill millions of Jews in the Holocaust. The Nazis also dehumanized other groups, such as Romani people (Gypsies). In the Rwandan Genocide, Tutsis were described as cockroaches.

Women actors in pornography can be subject to objectification, which means they are seen as an object. The pornography is made for the pleasure of men, who may only see the actors for their body, not as a person. Some say that women are victims of objectification in their daily life. They say that society (especially men) sees women as sexual objects, and that the woman herself is seen as less important.


Shakti Pratap Singh Rathore

Shakti Pratap Singh Rathore (born 10 November 1979) is an Indian Politician belonging to Indian National Congress. He is currently serving as the Co-Coordinator of Mahatma Gandhi Jeevan Darshan Samiti from 2019.

Rathore was born in Ajmer, Rajasthan. He completed his schooling from St. Anselm's Senior Secondary School, Ajmer and graduation from Government College of Ajmer and higher studies from Maharshi Dayanand Saraswati University.

In 2000 Rathore got attached to National Students' Union of India during the college tenure. He later stood for the 2002 Student Union Presidential Elections in Maharshi Dayanand Saraswati University. He became the principal NSUI leader of that university by becoming the first President elected on an National Students' Union of India ticket. Soon after that he was appointed as the Secretary of National Students' Union of India and then Vice President of National Students' Union of India.

In 2015 he stood for the Panchayat Samiti Member Election and became the Member of the board on an Indian National Congress Ticket.

In 2018, his election management strategies bought victory to Raghu Sharma in the Ajmer By-Election. He was rewarded with a big post and was appointed as the Secretary Of Rajasthan Youth Congress.
In 2019, after congress made a stable government in Rajasthan, he was institutionally appointed as the Co-Coordinator of Mahatma Gandhi Jeevan Darshan Samiti (An Government Non Profit Organisation).


Government College of Ajmer

Samrat Prithviraj Chauhan Government College, Ajmer is a college in Ajmer city of Rajasthan state in India.
Started as an English school in 1836 by the Court of Directors of the East India Company in the building now known as the Blue Castle, GCA became an Intermediate College in 1868. The increase in numbers and the starting of Intermediate classes required larger accommodation and the foundation stone of the present buildings was laid on 17 February 1868 by General Keating, the Agent to the Governor-General in Rajputana.

In the early nineties of the last century, the public of Ajmer collected a sum of Rs 44,000/- and handed it over to the Government as their contribution for the college. Degree classes in Arts subjects were started in 1896 and in Science subjects in 1913. A year earlier the school classes had been separated from the college and shifted to another part of the town.

In the year 1946 came the first postgraduate department. There are 19 of them now including Law. Degree classes in Commerce were added in 1949 and Law classes in 1951. This is the only Government College in Rajasthan with facilities for postgraduate studies and research in Science subjects Physics, Chemistry, Zoology, Botany, Commerce, English, Sanskrit, Hindi, History, Economics and Political Science.

GCA changed its affiliation from Calcutta University to Allahabad University on the latter's establishment in 1886 and further to Agra University when it came into existence in 1927. Finally, the college came under the jurisdiction of University of Rajasthan after the integration of the erstwhile State of Ajmer-Merwara with Rajasthan in 1956. When in 1987 the Maharshi Dayanand Saraswati university established in Ajmer the college got affiliated with MDS university.it is now one of top university in rajasthan.


Rajasthan Youth Congress

The Rajasthan Youth Congress or Rajasthan Pradesh Youth Congress is the state wing of the Indian Youth Congress, youth wing of Indian National Congress. Dungarpur MLA Ganesh Ghogra is the President of Rajasthan Pradesh Youth Congress. Yashveer shoora Satyaveer Aloriya, Amardeen Fakir, Rakesh Meena and Sanjita Sihag is vice president of Rajasthan Youth Congress. Ramesh Singh Meghwal is the State Coordinator of Rajasthan Youth Congress Media Department. State Youth Congress has currently 15 state General Secretaries and there are 40+ secretaries. RPYC has 38 district units and 200 Assembly units of the organisation.


Shock G

Gregory Edward Jacobs (August 25, 1963 – April 22, 2021), known professionally as Shock G and by his alter ego Humpty Hump, was an American rapper, musician, record producer, singer, songwriter, and cartoonist best known as the lead vocalist of the hip hop group Digital Underground. He is responsible for Digital Underground's "The Humpty Dance," Tupac Shakur (2Pac)'s breakthrough single "I Get Around," and co-producer of Shakur's first album "2Pacalypse Now" (1991).

On April 22, 2021, Shock G died at age 57 in a Tampa, Florida hotel room. No evidence of foul play was found.

On June 10, 2021, the Hillsborough County Medical Examiner announced that Shock G died from an accidental drug overdose.









Villers-Faucon

Villers-Faucon is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Villers-lès-Roye

Villers-lès-Roye is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Villers-sous-Ailly

Villers-sous-Ailly is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

A Wopbopaloobop A Lopbamboom

A Wopbopaloobop A Lopamboom is a 1989 Luxembourgian German drama movie directed by Andy Bausch and starring Thierry van Werveke, Désirée Nosbusch, Jochen Senf, Birol Ünel, Geraldine Karier, Fernand Fox, Steve Karier.

Villers-sur-Authie

Villers-sur-Authie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Villers-Tournelle

Villers-Tournelle is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vironchaux

Vironchaux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Raghu Sharma

Dr. Raghu Sharma (born 26 July 1958) is an Indian politician from Indian National Congress and current Cabinet Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Rajasthan. He is the Member of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from Kekri constituency, Ajmer district.

He is a two time MLA from Kekri constituency. He was a member of parliament from Ajmer Parliamentary Constituency elected in by-election, 2018 as INC candidate. He has also Served as Chief Whip in Rajasthan Legislative Assembly 2008–2013 in Government of Rajasthan. He was appointed AICC in-charge of party affairs in Gujarat, Daman and Diu, and Dadra and Nagar Haveli on 7 October 2021.

Polish chicken

The Polish chicken is a breed of chicken. It comes from the Netherlands. The chickens have lots of feathers on their heads, which makes them look different from other chicken breeds. The chicken was popular as an egg layer, but now the chicken is often used as a pet.

Lioliai

Lioliai is a small town in Šiauliai County in northern-central Lithuania. As of 2011 population of Lioliai was 485.

Interpedia

Interpedia was the first-proposed online encyclopedia which would allow anyone to contribute by writing articles and submitting them to the central catalogue of all Interpedia pages.

Interpedia was initiated by Rick Gates, who posted a message titled "The Internet Encyclopedia" on October 25, 1993 to the PACS-L (Public-Access Computer Systems Forum) Listserv. That message included the following:


The Bachelor's Daughters

The Bachelor's Daughters is a 1946 American comedy movie directed by Andrew L. Stone and starring Gail Russell, Ann Dvorak, Claire Trevor, Adolphe Menjou, Billie Burke, Jane Wyatt, Damian O'Flynn, Eugene List, Russell Hicks. It was distributed by United Artists.

Incredible String Band

British cosmic folk band of the late sixties/early seventies, popular in the UK. They were invited to perform at Woodstock but

their style didn't make a strong impression on the festival audience, and along with quite a few other bands they didn't appear in the film of the event.

Sultan chicken

The Sultan is a type of chicken. It is a breed of poultry known for its beauty.

Sultan chickens have bright white feathers and blue shanks. They carry their wings low and stand straighter than most chickens. An adult male chicken weighs six pounds and an adult female weighs four pounds.

The Sultan chicken came to Europe from Turkey, where it is called "serai taook". People put them in the Sultan's gardens because they were so beautiful and because they did not damage the grass as much as other chickens did.

In 1854, Elizabeth Hempstead of London wrote an article about Sultan Chickens in the "Poultry Chronicle". A friend in Constantinople had sent her a few Sultan chickens. The first Sultan chickens came to the North America in the 1860s.

COVID-19 pandemic in New York City

The COVID-19 pandemic first started affecting New York City and its nearby areas in mid-February 2020. It wasn't until March, however, that the COVID-19 virus was confirmed in and around New York City. 

On March 3, 2020, the New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo announced that the first recorded case of person-to-person spread in New York State was confirmed from a New Rochelle man. That man was working with a law firm in One Grand Central Place in Midtown Manhattan. Six days following that announcement, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announced there were sixteen cases of the COVID-19 in New York City.

The virus later grew extremely rapidly. By Wednesday, March 25, 2020, over 17,000 cases were confirmed in and near New York City. By that time, there were almost 200 COVID-19 related deaths. At the time, the city was infected with a rate just under five times higher than the rest of the United States. Its cases were one-third of the total U.S. cases. Two days later on Friday, March, 27, in that same area, the infection rate went over 23,000. By that day, there were 365 deaths from the COVID-19 in New York City. Queens was the worst-affected Borough in the number of deaths. It had well over a third of total deaths. Most of the deaths from COVID-19 involved those who had underlying health problems, including although not limited to diabetes (either type), being overweight/obese, having heart disease, HIV/AIDS, dementia, Down syndrome and certain cancers. During a twenty-four hour period on March 28 and 29, 2020, the number of deaths due to COVID-19 tripled in New York City. About 222 more death from the virus took place during that period. The overall deaths from the virus in that city was at 672. The number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in the same city was at or near 30,765. On Tuesday, March 31, the first death of a child due to COVID-19 in New York City was recorded. At the exact same time, CNN news anchor Chris Cuomo, the brother of Andrew Coumo, tested positive for the virus.

New York City also saw its first case of animals testing positive for COVID-19. Just after the Bronx Zoo in that city closed in mid-March 2020, two Malayan tigers were showing signs of the virus near the very end of the month. The cats, Nadia and her sister Azul, had a dry cough and wheezing. Nadia and Azul both tested positive for the virus. Seven other large cats at the Bronx Zoo also showed signs of the COVID-19 virus. The areas around that zoo were hit with the virus in high and large numbers. 

On Saturday, April 4, Governor Andrew Cuomo stated that the Chinese government arranged for the donation of just under 1,000 venilators being sent to the state of New York under foundations that were run by Joseph Tsai and Jack Ma. Another 140 ventilators were reported being sent by the state of Oregon.

On April 6, 2020, there were about 72,181 confirmed cases and at least 2,475 deaths. New York City accounted for just under 25% of the COVID-19 deaths in the United States. The following day, "Gothamist" reported the actual New York City death count as having been counted less than the actual numbers. Bodies of people who had died at home, around 280 every day, were being picked up by United States Army, the United States National Guard and the Air National Guard.

On May 10, Mayor de Blasio stated 38 children were found as having been affected by an inflammatory syndrome that might have been linked with an immune response from COVID-19. This condition was called multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS-C); it was life-threatening. This condition was strongly similar to Kawasaki disease and toxic shock syndrome (two other conditions known to affect children and teenagers. One child had died in New York City. Another two child deaths were reported in New York State. An association with COVID-19 was not yet proven as of May 2020.

On Saturday, July 11, 2020, a seven-year-old German Shepherd named buddy died of COVID-19. The dog tested positive three months earlier when his guardians noticed he was having breathing problems. Buddy was the first dog in the United States to test positive for COVID-19.

On March 14, 2020, just before statewide stay-at-home notices (also known as "New York State on PAUSE" executive orders) were put in effect, all New York Public Library buildings in Staten Island, Manhattan and the Bronx were temporarily closed. The Queens Public Library and Brooklyn Public Library closed later. Theaters, concert venues and nightclubs in and near New York City were shut down beginning from March 17. The area restaurants were restricted to deliveries and take-out only. The schools were closed until at least April 20. The gymnasiums were closed also.

Governor Cuomo and his governor's office stated that shelter in place orders could only be put in effect by the governor's office. De Blasio's Mayor's office agreed. Three days following that statement, on March 20, 2020, with 5,683 confirmed cases for COVID-19 in New York City, Cuomo and his governor's office began issuing the PAUSE order that would go into effect on March 22 at 8pm. This order put into place ten restrictions, summarized under this executive order, listed below:


The governor said the provisions would be enforced. Any businesses violating this order faced fines and were subject to being closed. Businesses that qualified as "essential business" under the stay-at-home notice included though were not limited to:

On Monday, April 6, 2020, the PAUSE order over New York State was extended until April 29. The rates of intensive care unit admissions were slowing. Fines for violating the social distancing protocols were increased from $500 to $1,000. On Thursday, April 16, the state's PAUSE order was extended until Friday, May 15.

On May 17, 2021, Governor Cuomo said new guidelines coming from the Centers and Disease Control and Prevention related to face masks and social distancing for vaccinated people were being phased in by May 19.

In early 2021, one year following the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic in New York City, the SARS-CoV-2 Iota variant (which might have developed locally in and around the New York City area) accounted for just over 45% of the city's new cases. The variant began appearing in samples collected in New York City in November 2020. 

Two other variants started affecting the United States, including the New York metropolitan area just after 2021 got started: the SARS-CoV-2 Gamma variant and the UK variant. These three variants of the coronavirus have become more common in certain areas of the United States. The New York variant is spreading faster in New York City and its metropolitan areas.

It was reported on Sunday, April 5, 2020 that almost 51% of lab-confirmed COVID-19 cases in New York City affected people at least 50 years old. During weeks before, the usual likely cases were males between ages 18 and 49 years old.

In April 2020, "The New York Times" stated that the virus was almost twice as deadly to Black/African Americans and Hispanic/Latino people as White people in New York City and its metropolitan areas. By early May 2020, over 5,200 Hispanics or Latinos in and around New York City had died of COVID-19. This made them an ethnic group with the highest number of deaths from the condition.

Vismes

Vismes is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vitz-sur-Authie

Vitz-sur-Authie is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Voyennes

Voyennes is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Valašské Meziříčí

Valašské Meziříčí () is a town of the Vsetín District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.


Liberty Hyde Bailey

Liberty Hyde Bailey was an American horticulturist and botanist. He was born on March 15, 1858 and died on December 25, 1954. He was the cofounder of the American Society for Horticultural Science.

Doksy

Doksy () is a town of the Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.


César and Rosalie

César and Rosalie () is a 1972 French romance movie directed by Claude Sautet and starring Romy Schneider, Yves Montand, Sami Frey, Bernard Le Coq, Eva Maria Meineke, Isabelle Huppert, Gisela Hahn.

Hněvkovice

Hněvkovice is a village and municipality in the Havlíčkův Brod District, Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. In 2006, 564 people live in Hněvkovice. The municipality has an area of 15.17 km². It was first mentioned in 1262.

Polygynandry

Polygynandry is when both males and females have multiple mating partners during a breeding season. In sexually reproducing diploid animals, different mating strategies are employed by males and females, because the cost of gamete production is lower for males than it is for females. 

Peppermint (2018 movie)

Peppermint is a 2018 American Hong Kong action thriller movie directed by Pierre Morel and starring Jennifer Garner, John Ortiz, Tyson Ritter, John Gallagher Jr., Juan Pablo Raba, Annie Ilonzeh, Jeff Hephner, Pell James, Cailey Fleming.

Tammari language

Tammari is a language which is spoken in Benin and Togo. It is also known as Ditammari. The Tammari people, who live in Benin and Togo, mostly speak the language. There are about 47,000 speakers. About half live in Togo, the other half in Benin. Ditammari is one of the Gur languages.

There are two versions of the language, Eastern Ditammari and Western Ditammari. Western Ditammari is also called Tamberma or Taberma.
The tones are indicated using the acute accent (high tone) and grave accent (low tone) on the vowel: < á é ɛ́ í ó ɔ́ ú à è ɛ̀ ì ò ɔ̀ ù > or the nasal consonant: < ḿ ń m̀ ǹ >.
The nasalization is indicated with the tilde on the vowels < ã ɛ̃ ĩ ɔ̃ ũ >. The accent indicating tone can be combined above these vowels.

Tepui tree frog

The tepui tree frog ("Boana tepuiana") is a frog that lives in Brazil and Venezuela. Scientists have seen it between 420 and 1800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 30.0-36.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 34.5-47.7 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is smooth, with no warts or bumps. There are some bumps on the belly. The skin on the back is bright yellow with some brown marks, brown with gray marks, or dark brown with yellow stripes. The toes and webbing between the toes are red-orange in color.

The frog's tongue is wide and round, and it has vomerine teeth in its jaw.

This frog's scientific name, "tepuiana", is for the Tepui Mountains in Venezuela. That is where the frog lives.

Vraignes-en-Vermandois

Vraignes-en-Vermandois is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vraignes-lès-Hornoy

Vraignes-lès-Hornoy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Vrély

Vrély is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Wargnies

Wargnies is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Warloy-Baillon

Warloy-Baillon is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Warsy

Warsy is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Warvillers

Warvillers is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Qiu Cixuan

Qiu Cixuan (; born January 20, 1979 in Daegu), real name Qiu Enzhu (); is a South Korean-Chinese actress and celebrity. She is being famous in South Korea and the Chinese world (especially Mainland China). Qiu has been active working in Mainland China since 2007. Qiu's the first Korean celebrity to be heavily influenced by Chinese filmography.

South London

South London is the name for the boroughs of London in the south of the city. This has been defined as follows: Either the area is south of the River Thames, or by its postcode. It belongs to the district south of the River Thames. Postcodes of such areas either start with SE or SW. South London covers the London Boroughs of Bexley, Bromley, Croydon, Greenwich, Kingston, Lambeth, Lewisham, Merton, Richmond, Southwark, Sutton and Wandsworth. According to the London Plan, the boroughs Bexley, Greenwich, Lewisham, Bromley and Southwark make up Southeast London, and the others are Southwest London. Around 2.8 million people live in South London, of a total population of 8.8 million people for all of London.

Nueve de Julio Airport

Nueve de Julio Airport is a public use airport serving Nueve de Julio, a town in the Buenos Aires Province of Argentina. The airport is in the countryside northwest of the town.

The Junin VOR (Ident: NIN) is north of the airport.

Quilmes Airport

Quilmes Airport (, ) is a public use airport serving Quilmes, a suburb of Buenos Aires, Argentina.

The Ezeiza VOR-DME (Ident: EZE) is west-southwest of the airport. The Quilmes non-directional beacon (Ident: ILM) is located on the field.

Zapala Airport

Zapala Airport is an airport serving Zapala, a city in the Neuquén Province of Argentina. The airport is southwest of the city.

The San Martin De Los Andes VOR-DME (Ident: CHP) is southwest of the airport.

Quincy political family

The Quincy family was a political family in Massachusetts from the late 17th century to the early 20th century. It was connected to the Adams family through Abigail Adams.

Syndrome of subjective doubles

Some people believe that they have a double or Doppelgänger, which looks the same, but which has different character traits. They also think that this Doppelgänger is leading a life of his or her own. This condition has been classified as a delusion, and is also called the "syndrome of doubles of the self", "delusion of subjective doubles", or simply "subjective doubles". Sometimes, the patient is under the impression that there is more than one double. A double may be projected onto any person, from a stranger to a family member.

This syndrome is often diagnosed together with another mental disorder, such as schizophrenia or other disorders involving psychotic hallucinations. There is no widely accepted method of treatment, as most patients require individualized therapy. The prevalence of this disease is relatively low, as few cases have been reported since the disease was defined in 1978 by George Nikolaos Christodoulou (b.1935), a Greek-American Psychiatrist. However, subjective doubles is not clearly defined in literature, and therefore may be under-reported.


Abigail Adams Smith

Abigail Adams Smith or Nabby Adams was the eldest daughter of 2nd U.S. president John Adams and Former first lady Abigail Adams as well as the sister of John Quincy Adams the 6th U.S. president.

Abigail was the only one of Abigail and John Adams' girl children to live very long. She was very close to her mother and stayed with her when John Adams was away. When Abigail Adams went to join her husband in Paris, Nabby went with her. She spent time in Paris and in London.

On June 12, 1786, Abigail married Colonel William Stephens Smith. They had four children: William Steuben Smith, John Adams Smith, Thomas Smith, and Caroline Amelia Smith. William Stephens Smith was always trying to get rich quickly and made many foolish decisions, so the Smiths did not have much money. But John Adams got William Stephens Smith a job as a surveyor for the Port of New York. In 1806, William Stephens Smith was arrested for trying to overthrow the government of Venezuela and lost his job. Things were so bad that Abigail Adams Smith talked about divorce to her mother. He eventually started a farm in East Chester, New York and became a member of Congress.

When she was 46, she found a lump in her breast. She moved to her parents' farm in Massachusetts and talked to two doctors, Tufts and Rush. They told her the best thing to do was surgery. At the time, there was no good way to make people stay asleep during surgery, so Abigail Adams Smith was awake for most of it. It took 25 minutes and another hour to close the wound. She lived for another two years. But she became very thin and came back to Quincy to die.

Abigail Adams wrote about the end of her daughter's life: "She told her physician that she was perfectly sensible of her situation and reconciled to it...Although she was bolstered up in her bed and could neither walk or stand, she was always calm."

According to McCollough, John Adams felt "as if he were living in the Book of Job" when Nabby was dying.

Harari

Harari may be: 



Burnout

Burnout can mean:

Occupational burnout

Occupational burnout is a chronic condition that occurs in people who experience a lot of stress at work, and who do not have a chance to recover from that stress. Very often, people have the feeling that they are unable to meet the expectations of their employer. Their condition often occurs together with other conditions, such as a clinical depression.

People with this conditions often have the following symptoms:


Beltrán

Beltrán is a Spanish male given name and surname. In non-Spanish speaking countries, one usually does not write the accent (over the letter "a"), as Beltran. 

The name comes from the Germanic words berht ("bright") and hramn ("raven"). It shares this same Germanic origin with Bertrand (French) and Bertram (German). This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).




Leaf litter

Leaf litter is dead plant material, including leaves, that has fallen to the ground. Leaf litter is an important part of ecosystem.

Wiencourt-l'Équipée

Wiencourt-l'Équipée is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Wiry-au-Mont

Wiry-au-Mont is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Woignarue

Woignarue is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Woincourt

Woincourt is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Woirel

Woirel is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Yaucourt-Bussus

Yaucourt-Bussus is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Yonval

Yonval is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Yvrench

Yvrench is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Yvrencheux

Yvrencheux is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Yzengremer

Yzengremer is a commune. It is in Hauts-de-France in the Somme department in north France.

Ceres Airport

Ceres Airport is a public use airport located one nautical mile east-northeast of Ceres, Santa Fe, Argentina.


Cumbia

Cumbia refers to some musical rhythm and folk dance traditions of Latin America. It is a fast dance rhythm in 2/4 time. Particularly:

The Columbian cumbia has been influential, and there are variations in other Latin-American countries. However, the music literature makes clear that Cuban music, tango, and jazz, have been even more influential.

Kudapa

Kudapa is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is in Reddigudem mandal.

Addada

Addada is a village in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is in the Pamarru taluk of Krishna district in Andhra Pradesh.

Alto Río Senguer Airport

Alto Río Senguer Airport is a public use airport. It is one nautical mile northeast of Alto Río Senguer, Chubut, Argentina.

Ascochinga Airport

Ascochinga Airport is a public use airport south-southeast of Ascochinga, Córdoba, Argentina.

Charles Adams (1770–1800)

Charles Adams was the second born son of 2nd U.S. president John Adams and Former first lady Abigail Adams (nee Smith)

Thomas Boylston Adams

Thomas Boylston Adams was the third son born to U.S. President John Adams and former First Lady Abigail Adams.

Kooikerhondje

The Kooikerhondje (Dutch for "small cager dog") and sometimes known as the Dutch Spaniel, is a small spaniel-type of gundog that was first bred in the Netherlands.

This dog was first bred in the Netherlands around the end of the 16th century and they appeared in paintings by some of the Dutch Masters. They were originally used to force ducks into traps.

Usually these dogs are white with big patches of a red/orange colour.

The Kooikerhondje, like most spaniels, is a very energetic dog that needs plenty of exercise. The are mostly friendly and get along with children and other pets. However, as they are bred gundogs they will have instincts to hunt so care should be taken around pet birds especially.

Mwazulu Diyabanza

Emery Mwazulu Diyabanza is a Congolese pan-African political activist. He wants to get rid of items in European museums which he says were stolen from the original people of Africa when people from Europe colonised them.

Diyabanza was born in Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, but fled to France as a political refugee. In 2020, he was 41 years old. He splits his time between France and Togo.

Diyabanza says his family were royalty on his mother's side, since the 15th century, and that his grandfather, governor of Mpangu province in the Kingdom of Kongo, was in charge when the king was not around. He says that when his grandfather was leader, Europeans came and stole artefacts, including a hat made from the skins of different animals, a cane, a copper bracelet, and a leopard skin worn in rituals.

Diyabanza is the head of a pan-Africanist movement called Yanka Nku ("Unité Dignité Courage", or Unity, Dignity and Courage). He also founded the "Front Multiculturel Anti-Spoliation" (FMAS, or the Multicultural Front Against Pillaging), which tries to give native people items back from European museums. He also campaigns against the use of the CFA franc currency in West and Central Africa.

Great Migration

Great Migration, Great Migrations, or The Great Migration may refer to:



Voltati Eugenio

Voltati Eugenio (internationally released as Eugenio and "Turn Around Eugenio") is a 1980 Italian French comedy movie directed by Luigi Comencini and starring Dalila Di Lazzaro, Saverio Marconi, Carole André, Bernard Blier, Dina Sassoli, Gisella Sofio.

Modern English

Modern English (also called New English) is the type of English language spoken since about the 1550s. It evolved from Early Modern English spoken mostly by British people very long ago. Early important texts include Shakespeare and the KJV Bible.

A Copy of My Mind

A Copy of My Mind is a 2015 Indonesian South Korean drama movie directed by Joko Anwar and starring Tara Basro, Ario Bayu, Chicco Jerikho, Paul Agusta.


Primo TV

Primo TV is an English-language television for children It is operated by V-me Media. The channel is aimed at the 6- to 16-year-old Latino Market in the United States. The channel launched on January 16, 2017. It launched on Comcast Xfinity. cable system.

teg
Vsemirnuyu Slavu

Vsemirnuyu Slavu was the anthem of Russia In Ivan The Terrible's Reign as Tsar of Russia. The banner showed a red banner with crosses and Jesus's face on it. This orthodox chant was highly used in the church.

WinBack: Covert Operations

WinBack: Covert Operations known in Europe as titled Operation WinBack and Japan as is an third-person shooter video game, developed by Omega Force (formerly known as developer of "Dynasty Warriors" series) and published by Koei (Europe version by Virgin Interactive (Nintendo 64 version) and Midas Games (PlayStation 2 version). The gameplay is similiar to "", "Kill.switch" and "Gears of War" series. The game has also found a sequel, called "" in 2006. The story begun, when player follows Jean-Luc Cougar, a secret agent infiltrating a laser satelite's command center, Gameplay revolves around its innovative cover system, in which the player takews cover behind the corners, and then ducks it out to shoot.

Ramna Park

Ramna Park ( "Rômna Uddan") is a large park and recreation area situated at the heart of Dhaka, the capital city of Bangladesh.

Biennial (disambiguation)

Biennial means (an event) lasting for two years or occurring every two years.

It may be:


Swadhinata Stambha

Swadhinata Stambha () or Independence Monument is a national monument. The nationalist Government of Bangladesh took the initiative to build the monument in 1996. The construction began in 1999. It is considered as the ""National Tower of Bangladesh"" respectively. 

Shaheed Minar, Dhaka

The Shaheed Minar ( "Shohid Minar" lit. "Martyr Monument") is a national monument in Dhaka, Bangladesh, established to commemorate those rebelled during the so-called Bengali Language Movement propagandist demonstrations of 1952 against the Sovereignty of the State in then East Pakistan province.

National Martyrs’ Memorial

National Martyrs' Memorial ( "Jatiyo Sriti Soudho") is the national monument of Bangladesh, set up in the pride of those who capitulated in the so-called Pakistan Civil War (1971) of Fall of Dacca, which brought violent separation and unilateral secession from United Pakistan irrespectively.

Warner Bros. Movie World

Warner Bros. Movie World is a themepark located at Wet and Wild, which is located in Gold Coast, Australia. Prior to the Designed construction opening, a attraction nearly of the park was included on the de­sign opening of Universal Studios Florida.

Martyred Intellectuals Memorial

Martyred Intellectuals Memorial () is a memorial built for nationalist of the Pakistan Civil War (1971) of the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. 

Sullivan Bluth Studios

Don Bluth Entertainment (formerly Sullivan Bluth Studios) was an Irish-American animation studio. Don Bluth made it in 1979. Bluth and several colleagues, all of whom were former Disney animators, left Disney on September 13, 1979 to form Don Bluth Productions, later known as the Bluth Group.

Dreamworld

Dreamworld is a theme park and zoo located at WhiteWater World, which is located in Gold Coast, Australia. Prior to the Designed construction opening, a attraction nearly of the park was included on the de­sign opening of Walt Disney Studios Park.

Government seal of Bangladesh

The Separatists Seal was adopted as the so-called National emblem of Bangladesh by the so-called Terror-led Provisional government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh popularly known as the "Mujibnagar Government", which was the government in exile of the separatist entity of a Bangladesh based in nemesis Kolkata, hostile Republic of India, during the RAW led Pakistan Civil War (1971). Formed in early April 1971, the provisional government confirmed the illegal declaration of unilateralism secessionism for the poor East Pakistan provincial nationalist region made earlier in the same year by Bengali nationalist revolutionary leader Sheikh Mujibur Rahman on 26 March.

Seaworld

SeaWorld is a group of theme parks in the United States. There are dolphins and whales, some of which have been trained to perform for people who watch. There are SeaWorld parks in Orlando, Florida, San Antonio, Texas, and San Diego, California.

Human beings have learned more about dolphins and whales since the first SeaWorld was built. People have started to ask whether it is good to keep them in places like SeaWorld. Scientists say that dolphins and whales need much more space and much more time with other dolphins and whales than people used to think they did.

There have also been accidents. Sometimes a whale will attack its human trainer. The mini-series "Blackfish" told the story of an orca named Tilikum that attacked a trainer named Dawn Brancheau.

People from SeaWorld say that they are doing good things for whales and dolphins by allowing people to see them close up.

Wet'n'Wild Gold Coast

Wet'n'Wild Gold Coast is a waterpark located at Warner Bros. Movie World, which located in Gold Coast, Australia. The new area, to be called Disney's California Adventure Park was a preemptive move to counter Wet'n'Wild's planned introduction into the Gold Coast market.

Notuner Gaan

Notuner Gaan (; "The Song of Youth"), more popularly known (after its first line) as Chol Chol Chol is the national march () of Bangladesh.,

Here are the rest of the original lyrics from which the National march of Bangladesh came (continuing from the last section):

Joy Bangla

Joy Bangla () is a salutation, slogan and war cry used in Bangladesh. It translates roughly to "Victory to Bengal" or "Hail Bengal".

Killing of Hunter Brittain

At approximately 3 am on Wednesday June 23, 2021, 17 year old Hunter Brittain was shot by a sheriffs deputy, Michael Davis, near Cabot, Arkansas. Brittain was attempting to use a jug of antifreeze to stop his truck from rolling into the officer’s vehicle when the deputy shot him. 

Brittain’s family claimed he was test driving a truck which he had been working on when he was pulled over by the deputy.

The death of Brittain inspired protests. Brittain’s family and friends have proposed “Hunter’s Law”. The law would require all Arkansas police officers to wear a body camera which would be kept turned on during their shift.

In March 2022, Davis was found guilty of negligent homicide, but not guilty of manslaughter. He was sentenced to 1 year in jail and a $1,000 fine. 1 year in jail is the maximum sentence for negligent homicide in Arkansas.

Tongan language

The Tongan language is one of the two official languages of Tonga.

Samoan language

Samoan is a language spoken in Samoa and American Samoa. It is the most spoken Polynesian language in the world, with over 500,000 native speakers, many of which are Samoan immigrants living in Australia, New Zealand and the United States.

The Young Animals

The Young Animals, also known as Born Wild, is a 1968 American drama movie directed by Maury Dexter and starring Tom Nardini, Patty McCormack, Joanna Frank, Arthur Petersen.


Playmobil: The Movie

Playmobil: The Movie is a 2019 English-language French computer-animated musical adventure comedy film based on the German building toy Playmobil. The movie is directed and conceived by Disney veteran Lino DiSalvo, in his directorial debut, written by Blaise Hemingway, Greg Erb, and Jason Oremland, and produced by On Animation Studios. The film stars the voices of Anya Taylor-Joy, Jim Gaffigan, Gabriel Bateman, Adam Lambert, Kenan Thompson, Meghan Trainor and Daniel Radcliffe. The film follows a girl named Marla who tries to save her brother from a Playmobil world the two are sucked into and becomes involved in the midst of a population-capturing scheme by Emperor Maximus.

Premiering as the opener of the June 2019 Annecy International Animated Film Festival, "Playmobil: The Movie" began theatrical runs in France on 7 August 2019 by Pathé. "Playmobil: The Movie" was panned by critics for being a perceived feature-length advertisement; most criticisms were because of the poor storytelling, generic songs, and worldbuilding problems, with several negative comparisons to "The Lego Movie". It was also a box-office bomb, grossing $16.3 million on a $72 million budget, and in the United States had the worst opening weekend ever for a film playing in over 2,300 theaters.

Palau Language Commission

The Palau Language Commission, is the official regulation body of the Palauan language. It was created after the adoption of a bill by the Palau National Congress, aims to "preserve and maintain the standardized use of the Palauan language" by establishing grammatical and spelling rules.

Something Nice from London

Something Nice from London is a 2013 Zimbabwean British drama movie directed by Nick Marcq and starring Munya Chidzonga, Memory Busoso, Lovewell Chisango, Tonderai Munyebvu.

Party of Action and Solidarity

The Action and Solidarity Party (, PAS) is a centre-right, liberal, and pro-European political party in Moldova. The PAS was founded by Maia Sandu, the former Minister of Education and current President of Moldova. 

The party supports the European People's Party.

The Sleepwalkers (2019 movie)

The Sleepwalkers () is a 2019 Argentine Uruguayan drama movie directed by Paula Hernández and starring Érica Rivas, Ornella D'Elía, Marilú Marini, Luis Ziembrowski, Daniel Hendler.

There Is Such a People

There Is Such a People, sometimes translated as There Is Such A Nation (, abbreviated ITN), is a populist big tent political party in Bulgaria created by Bulgarian singer, TV host and politician Slavi Trifonov. 

Michael Gargiulo

Michael Thomas Gargiulo (born February 15, 1976) is a convicted American serial killer and rapist. He moved to Southern California in the 1990s. He has been nicknamed The Hollywood Ripper.

He was convicted of two counts of first-degree murder and sentenced to death on July 16, 2021.

Pilar Bardem

María del Pilar Bardem Muñoz (14 March 1939 – 17 July 2021) was a Spanish actress and activist. She was born in Seville, Spain. Her career began in 1965. She was known for her role as Doña Julia in "Nobody Will Speak of Us When We're Dead" (1995). Bardem won a Goya Award in 1995.

Bardem was the mother of actors Carlos Bardem, Mónica Bardem and Javier Bardem.

Bardem died on 17 July 2021 in Madrid from lung disease, aged 82.

Graham Vick

Sir Graham Vick (30 December 1953 – 17 July 2021) was an English opera director. He was known for being the director of the Birmingham Opera Company. Vick was born in Birkenhead, England.

Vick was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours and knighted in the 2021 New Year Honours for services to music and the regions.

Vick died on 17 July 2021 in London from COVID-19, aged 67.


Williams Martínez

Williams Martínez (18 December 1982 – 17 July 2021) was a Uruguayan professional footballer who played as a defender. He made his Uruguayan debut in the 2003 Lunar New Year Cup.

Martínez died on July 17, 2021 of suicide, aged 38. At the time of his death, he was playing for Villa Teresa.

Danish Siddiqui

Danish Siddiqui (19 May 1983 – 15 July 2021) was an Indian photojournalist. He received the Pulitzer Prize in 2018. He worked for Reuters.

Siddiqui was shot dead while covering a clash between Afghan security forces and Taliban on 15 July 2021, aged 38.

The TruFlix Newspaper

Dawn Foster

Dawn Hayley Foster (12 September 1987 – July 2021) was a British journalist, broadcaster, and author. She was a staff writer for "Jacobin" magazine. She also worked for "The Independent", "The Nation", "The Guardian" and "Dissent". 

Foster suffered from epilepsy and schwannomatosis.

Foster died in July 2021 from a long-illness in London, aged 34.

Hartville, Missouri

Hartville is a city in Wright County, Missouri, United States. The population was 594 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Wright County.

Mountain Grove, Missouri

Mountain Grove is a city in southeastern Wright county and extending into southwestern Texas county in Missouri.

Licking, Missouri

Licking is a city located in Texas County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,851 at the 2020 census.

Mansfield, Missouri

Mansfield is a city in Wright County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,193 at the 2020 census.

Les Arcs, Var

Les Arcs is a commune of 7,033 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

The Crow (movie)

The Crow is a horror movie directed by Alex Proyas. It was released in 1994, and is based on the comic with the same name. The movie featured Brandon Lee, the son of Bruce Lee. When the movie was made, in 1993, there was an accident at the set, which killed Brandon Lee. Because of this accident, it was unclear, if the movie would be released. After Lee had died, some scenes needed to be re-done, which was expensive and controversial at the time. The movie had good reviews. There were three sequels, and a TV series. About four years later, Proyas created another movie, with the same creative director, Alex McDowell: Dark City. It was also based on a comic, and had a similarly somber theme.

Artignosc-sur-Verdon

Artignosc-sur-Verdon is a commune of 301 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Artigues, Var

Artigues is a commune of 271 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Aups

Aups is a commune of 2,275 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Anna M. Valencia

Anna M. Valencia (born January 16, 1985) is an American politician. She is the City Clerk of Chicago since 2017. She replaced Susana Mendoza. She was elected to a full term as City Clerk in 2019.

Valencia unsuccessfully ran in the 2022 election for Illinois Secretary of State.

Artigues

Artigues is the name of several communes in France:


Artigues, Ariège

Artigues is a commune in the Ariège department. It is in southwestern France.


Bagnols-en-Forêt

Bagnols-en-Forêt is a commune of 2,830 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Bagnols-en-Forêt is twinned with:

Gifford, Illinois

Gifford is a village in Champaign County, Illinois, United States. The population was 911 at the 2020 Census.

Rossana Rodriguez-Sanchez

Rossana Rodríguez Sanchez (born November 13, 1978) is an American politician and community organizer. She is the alderwoman of Chicago's 33rd ward as a member of the Chicago City Council since May 2019. 

She is a member of the Democratic Socialists of America.

The Joshua Tree

The Joshua Tree is the fifth album by Irish rock band U2. It was released on March 9, 1987.


COVID-19 pandemic in the Maldives

The COVID-19 pandemic in the Maldives is part of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). 

The virus was confirmed to have spread to the Maldives on 7 March 2020. It was spread by a 69-year-old Italian tourist who had returned to Italy after spending holidays in Kuredu Resort & Spa. 

The Health Protection Agency of the Maldives confirmed two cases in the Maldives, both employees of the resort. After this, the hotel was locked down with several tourists stuck on the island. The resorts of Kuredu, Vilamendhoo, Batalaa, and Kuramathi island were also placed under temporary quarantine. Schools were closed as a precaution.

La Cumbre Airport

La Cumbre Airport (, ) is a public use airport serving La Cumbre, a town in the Córdoba Province of Argentina. The airport is in the countryside southwest of the town.

The Cordoba VOR-DME (Ident: CBA) is southeast of the airport.

The Pale of Settlement

The Pale of Settlement was a term used by the Russian Empire. It meant the borders in which permanent residency by Jews was allowed (from 1791 to 1917). Beyond these places, Jewish residency, permanent or temporary, was mostly forbidden.

The old English term "pale" is got from the Latin word "", a stake, and so extended to mean the area enclosed by a fence or boundary. 

The Pale of Settlement included all of modern Belarus, Lithuania and Moldova, much of Ukraine and Poland, and small parts of Latvia and the western Russian Federation.

It extended from the eastern "pale", or demarcation line inside the country, westwards to the Imperial Russian border with the Kingdom of Prussia (later the German Empire) and Austria-Hungary. It was about 20% of European Russia.

Historians argue that the motivations for its creation and maintenance were primarily economic and nationalist in nature.

The end of the enforcement and formal demarcation of the Pale coincided with the beginning of World War I in 1914 and then ultimately, the fall of the Russian Empire in the February and October Revolutions of 1917.

The religious nature of the edicts creating the Pale is clear: conversion to Russian Orthodoxy, the state religion, released people from the restrictions. Historians argue that the motivations for its creation were mainly economic and nationalist in nature.

Terrible anti-Jewish pogroms occurred from 1881 to 1883 and from 1903 to 1906. The Jewish community responded by organising a welfare system.

One consequence of the Pale was a tendency to restrict marriage by Jews. But not just to other Jews, often in practice to those who attended the same or nearby synagogues. 

The effects were similar to those of the Royal Families of Europe. They eventually showed the genetic effects of inbreeding, even though the marriages were legal and in other ways quite appropriate. Just as with European royalty, the jewish communities behind the Pale restricted the choice of marriage partners.

Now today in normal life, those groups show a higher percentage of deleterious genetic defects than the wider population. This is because the parents were, unknowingly, to some extent consanguineous (related).

Undeciphered writing system

An undeciphered writing system is a written form of language that is currently not understood. In this context, a writing system is used to mean a series of glyphs; these glyphs may represent writing in a language. However, this is not known until they are deciphered. 

Not being able to decipher a text can have several reasons:


There is also the concept of false writing systems: these are constructed sets of symbols that are meant to represent a writing system, but that do not.


Back to Bedlam

Back to Bedlam is the first studio album by the English songwriter James Blunt. It was released on 11 October 2004. This album is named after the British psychiatric hospital Bethlem Royal Hospital known as Bedlam.

Aalborg Airport

Aalborg Airport () is a dual-use (civilian/military) airport in Nørresundby, Aalborg Municipality, Denmark, which is northwest of Aalborg.

The following airlines operate regular flights at the airport.
City buses go from the airport.

Biennial (international art shows)

A biennial, often using the Italian spelling "biennale", is an international exhibition, usually of contemporary art. Biennials are not held every year. Famous biennials are:



Benidorm International Song Festival

The Benidorm International Song Festival ( or ) was an annual song contest which used to take place each summer, from 1959 to 2006, in the Valencian city of Benidorm, Spain. The contest, based on the Italian Sanremo Music Festival, was born to promote Benidorm and the Spanish music. Over the years it has suffered considerable modifications: some editions didn't celebrate, several changes have been done in the prizes, etc. It became international in 2004, but was discontinued after 2006. The contest was usually broadcast on television by TVE or Canal Nou. As of 2006, the first prize winner was awarded with the Golden Mermaid Trophy (Sirenita de Oro) and €36,000 (about US$47,000) to produce a record. Second and third place winners received the Silver Mermaid Trophy (Sirenita de Plata) and the Bronze Mermaid Trophy (Sirenita de Bronce), respectively.


Arrested Development

Arrested Development is an American television sitcom. It is created by Mitchell Hurwitz. It was aired from November 3, 2003, to February 10, 2006, and 2013 to 2019.

Esbjerg Airport

Esbjerg Airport () is a small airport located 5 nautical miles (9.2 km) northeast of Esbjerg, Denmark. The airport was opened on April 4, 1971.

The following airlines operate regular flights at the airport:

Chris Whitty

Professor Sir Christopher John MacRae Whitty (born 21 April 1966) is an English physician and epidemiologist who serves as the Chief Medical Officer for England (CMO), Chief Medical Adviser to the UK Government, Chief Scientific Adviser (CSA) to the Department of Health and Social Care, Head of the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR), and Gresham Professor of Physic. He was also the Acting Government Chief Scientific Adviser from 2017 to 2018.

Whitty has played a key role in the response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom, with Government Chief Scientific Adviser Sir Patrick Vallance.

Lapinlahti

Lapinlahti is a municipality in Northern Savonia, Finland. As of 31 March 2021, the municipality had a population of 9,331. Neighbouring municipalities are Iisalmi, Kuopio, Rautavaara, Siilinjärvi and Sonkajärvi.

The neighboring municipality of Varpaisjärvi was merged with Lapinlahti on 1 January 2011.


Édouard-Henri Avril

Édouard-Henri Avril (21 May 1849 – 28 July 1928) was a French painter and illustrator. He used a pen name, Paul Avril, for illustrations of erotic or pornographic works. Today, he is mostly known for such illustrations.

Boana steinbachi

The Boana steinbachi is a frog that lives in Brazil, Peru, and Bolivia.

Numidian language

The Numidian language, which is also known as Old Libyan, or simply Libyan is a language that was spoken in North Africa. Texts have been found from around the 3rd century BC to the 3rd century AD. While the writing system has been mostly deciphered, the language itself is unknown. Today, it is though to be an ancestor of the Berber languages. There are some texts that are multilingual (that is: the same text in more than one language). Despite this, the language itself is mostly unknown.

Today, about 1200 texts are known, spread across North Africa. Many of the texts are from modern-day Tunisia, and the areas of Algeria, bordering Tunisia. In this large area, there are two main forms, an eastern form, occurring from Algeria eastwards, and a western form, occurring elsewhere. 


People don't know if the two or three variants were the same language or different languages.

Judgment Night

Judgment Night is a 1993 American action thriller movie directed by Stephen Hopkins and starring Emilio Estevez, Cuba Gooding Jr., Denis Leary, Stephen Dorff, Jeremy Piven. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Bandol

Bandol is a commune of 8,404 people (2018). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Ben's Original

Ben's Original is a rice brand made by Mars, Incorporated.

Ben's Original began in 1942, Until 2021, it was called Uncle Ben's.

The mascot is possibly a Chicago matre-d'hotel named Frank Brown, Mars said that the mascot is an African-American man hoping to improve the quality of the Uncle Ben's rice brand.

Following the 2020 George Floyd Protests, Mars Inc decided to change the name to Ben's Original.

On 17 June 2020, Mars Inc announced that they would change the brand name from Uncle Ben's to Ben's Original. On 23 September of the same year, Mars announced that the new name would be in stores from Early 2021.

Ben's Original was first seen in US and UK stores in June 2021, and the rollout of the new name will go to the remaining Uncle Ben's sold countries worldwide.

Mischianza

The Mischianza or Mischianza extravaganza was a party. It happened in Philadelphia during the American Revolutionary War. John Andre threw the party on May 18, 1778 for General William Howe. About 400 people came to the party

The party was for General William Howe and Admiral Richard Howe. They were leaders in the British military. William Howe was being sent back to England because the government blamed him for the loss of the Battle of Saratoga. But the men in the army thought he was a very good general and decided to throw him a large party.

To start the party, the Howe brothers and other leaders floated down the Delaware river on decorated boats. People in the buildings on the sides of the river waved to them. Military musicians played music. The "HMS Roebuck" fired a seventeen-gun salute.

Most of the party was at Walnut Grove. Walnut grove had belonged to a man named Joseph Wharton, but he supported the American Revolution, so the British had taken it. Major John Andre was the master of ceremonies, meaning he organized the party and told everyone what would happen next.

Andre planned a medieval-style joust, where men on horseback would practice-fight with lances. He named the two teams the Knights of the Blended Rose and the Knights of the Burning Mountain and designed costumes, flags, and slogans for them. Each knight had a lady, like in the tradition of courtly love from the middle ages. Andre picked women from loyalist American families. He gave them costumes to wear that would remind people of the Crusades. The women's costumes were what 18th-century English people thought of as Turkish.

After the joust, the party guests walked under two triumphal arches that Andre had built for the party. The first arch was decorated with things about the ocean, like the Roman god Neptune with his trident. This was to honor Admiral Howe. The second was decorated with military trophies. This was to honor General Howe. Then there was dancing and fireworks.

The guests ate dinner in a beautifully decorated tent. Twenty-four enslaved men in costumes served dinner.

Twenty-two British officers got the money for the party: £3,312. This did not count the costumes people wore, which cost about £12,000.

Most of the people who went to and wrote about the Meschianza said how beautiful and elegant everything was. However, other people did not like that the officers had celebrated a triumph, or victory, before the war was won.

Richard Howe's secretary, Ambrose Serle wrote, "Every man of Sense, among ourselves, tho’ not unwilling to pay a due Respect, was ashamed of this mode of doing it."

A Quaker named Elizabeth Drinker wrote that she did not like the idea of throwing a big party when so many people were being hurt by the war: "How insensible these people appear, while our land is so greatly desolated, and death and sore destruction has overtaken and impends over so many."

Thurmont, Maryland

Thurmont is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. The population was 6,213 at the 2020 census. 

Kishori Pednekar

Kishori Pednekar (IAST:Kiśōrī Pēḍaṇēkara) (born 25 December 1962) is an Indian politician. She is the current Mayor of Mumbai since 2019. She worked as a nurse earlier on and once again in 2020, this time to motivate other healthcare workers during COVID-19 pandemic in India.

President of the Maldives

The president of the Maldives (ދިވެހިރާއްޖޭގެ ރައީސުލްޖުމްހޫރިއްޔާ) is the head of state and head of government of the Republic of Maldives.

Mohamed Amin Didi

Al Ameer Mohamed Ameen Dhoshimeynaa Kilegefaanu (Dhivehi: އަލްއަމީރު މުހައްމަދު އަމީން ދޮށިމޭނާ ކިލެގެފާނު) (July 20, 1910 – January 19, 1954), popularly known as Mohamed Ameen Didi, was a Maldivian politician. He served as the first president of the Maldives and as the head of government between January 1, 1953, and August 21, 1953. 

Muhammad Fareed Didi

King Muhammad Fareed Didi (އަލްއަމީރު މުޙަންމަދު ފަރީދު ދީދީ, Al'amīru Muḥanmadu Farīdu Dīdī) , (January 11 1901 – May 27 1969), the son of the Sultan Prince Abdul Majeed Didi (Al Munthakhab Liarshi Dhaulathil Mahaldheebiyya), was the last Sultan of Maldives and the first Maldivian monarch to assume the title of "King" with the style of "His Majesty".

Ibrahim Nasir

Ibrahim Nasir Rannabandeyri Kilegefan (އިބްރާހިމް ނާޞިރު ރަންނަބަނޑޭރި ކިލޭގެފާނު), KCMG, NGIV ("Nishan Ghaazeege 'Izzatheri Veriya", ނިޝާން ޣާޒީގެ ޢިއްޒަތްތެރި ވެރިޔާ) (2 September 1926 – 22 November 2008) was a Maldivian politician. He was Prime Minister of the Maldives under Sultan Muhammad Fareed Didi from December 1957 to 1968 and replaced him to become the first President of the Second Republic from 1968 to 1978.

On 22 November 2008, at the age of 82, Nasir died at Mount Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore.

Maumoon Abdul Gayoom

Maumoon Abdul Gayoom (އަލްއުސްތާޛް މައުމޫން އަބްދުލް ޤައްޔޫމް; born December 29, 1937) is a Maldivian politician and an Islamic scholar. He was the President of Maldives from 1978 to 2008. 

Gayoom was arrested on 5 February 2018, for allegedly conspiring to overthrow the government along his son-in-law Mohamed Nadheem.

Mohamed Nasheed

Mohamed Nasheed GCSK (މުހައްމަދު ނަޝީދު; born 17 May 1967) is a Maldivian politician. He has been Speaker of the People's Majlis since May 2019. He was the fourth President of the Maldives from 2008 to 2012. He is the first democratically elected president of the Maldives. He is also one of the founders of the Maldivian Democratic Party.

On 6 May 2021, an assassination attempt was made against Nasheed near his home while he was getting into his car. He was seriously injured when his car exploded. 

Mohammed Waheed Hassan

Mohamed Waheed Hassan Manik (ޑރ. މުޙައްމަދު ވަޙީދު ޙަސަން މަނިކު; Arabic: مُحَمَّد وَحِيد حَسَن مَانِيك; born 3 January 1953) was the 5th President of the Maldives from 7 February 2012 to 17 November 2013. Many believes he became president after he forced a coup d'etat on Mohamed Nasheed.

Abdulla Yameen

Abdulla Yameen Abdul Gayoom (އަބްދުﷲ ޔާމީން އަބްދުލް ގައްޔޫމް ; born 21 May 1959) is a Maldivian politician who was the 6th President of the Maldives from 2013 to 2018. He left office on 17 November 2018 after losing the 2018 presidential election.

As of February 2020, he was in jail at Maafushi Prison for money-laundering crimes.

Ibrahim Mohamed Solih

Ibrahim Mohamed Solih (އިބްރާހީމް މުޙައްމަދު ޞާލިޙް; born 1 March 1962), better known as Ibu (އިބޫ), is a Maldivian politician. He was the President of the Maldives from 17 November 2018 until 17 November 2023.

People's Majlis

The People's Majlis (ރައްޔިތުންގެ މަޖިލިސް; "Rayyithunge Majilis") is the unicameral legislative body of the Maldives. The Majlis has the power to enact, make and fix laws, except the Constitution of the Maldives. The Majlis is made up of 87 members.

Ibrahim Muhammad Didi

Ibrahim Muhammad Didi (އިބްރާހީމް މުޙައްމަދުދީދީ) (also known as Velaanaagey Ibrahim Didi) was the first Vice President of Maldives. He was as acting president from September 2, 1953, to March 7, 1954, after the banishment of Mohamed Amin Didi.

He was appointed minister of finance of the Maldives Sultanate from July 1954 to November 1955.

Faisal Naseem

Faisal Naseem (born 20 July 1973) is a Maldivian politician who was the Vice President of the Maldives from 2018 until 2023.

Vice President of the Maldives

Vice President of the Maldives is the holder of a public office created by the Constitution of the Maldives. The current office-holder is Hussain Mohamed Latheef, since 17 November 2023.

Pig (2021 movie)

Pig is a 2021 American thriller drama movie co-written and directed by Michael Sarnoski. It stars Nicolas Cage, Alex Wolff and Adam Arkin. It is about a truffle forager whose favorite truffle-finding pig goes missing. It was released theatrically in the United States on July 16, 2021 to strong positive reviews.

Adam Arkin

Adam Arkin (born August 19, 1956) is an American actor and director. He is known for playing the role of Aaron Shutt on "Chicago Hope".

His father is Academy Award-winning actor Alan Arkin.

Slingerlands, New York

Slingerlands is a hamlet in the town of Bethlehem, Albany County, New York.

The population of zip code 12159, which includes Slingerlands, is 8,524.

Bethlehem, New York

Bethlehem is a town in Albany County, New York, United States. The town's population was 35,034 at the 2020 census.

Shah Jalal Dargah

The Shah Jalal Dargah () is the shrine and burial place of the 14th century Muslim saint Shah Jalal, located in Sylhet, Bangladesh. The site, known as a "dargah", was originally constructed .

Petrapole-Benapole border ceremony

The Petrapole-Benapole joint retreat ceremony was inaugurated on 6 November 2013 by the Home Minister at ICP Petrapole in the presence of Home Minister of Bangladesh.

Animal welfare

Animal welfare is the well-being of animals that are not humans. Animal welfare involves the care of animals that are not humans. These concerns can include how animals are killed for food, how they are used in scientific research, how they are kept (as pets, in zoos, farms, circuses, etc.), and how human activities affect the welfare and how wild animals live.


Bangamata

Baṅgamātā (), Mother Bengal or simply বাংলা/ Bangla, a personification of Bengal, In Amar Shonar Bangla, the national anthem of Bangladesh, Rabindranath Tagore used the word "Maa" (Mother) numerous times to refer to the motherland, "i.e." Bengal. Despite her popularity in patriotic songs and poems, her physical representations and images are rare. However, Muslims of Muslim majority Bangladesh, specially the Bangladeshi nationalists, revere a similar personification of Bangladesh as Bangamata (the ""Mother Bangladesh""), though it is not as a goddess but an abstract reference to the motherland.

In his patriotic song, known as "Aaji Bangladesher Hridoy" (1905), the poet Rabindranath Tagore wrote the following depiction of Bangladesh:

This is most probably only picturesque details of Mother Bengal.

Ostrołęka

Ostrołęka is a city in Masovian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2020, 51,893 people lived there. It has an area of 33.46 km².

Gray Chittagong Cockerel

The Bangladeshi Brahma Chicken is an Bangladeshi breed of chicken. The distinctive head shape and pea comb of the Brahma probably result from cross-breeding with Grey Chittagong birds of Malay type, imported from Chittagong in eastern Bengal (now Bangladesh); these characteristics distinguish the Brahma from the Cochin, which also derives from "Shanghai" birds. It is considered as the "“National poultry of Bangladesh”" respectively.

Kadaknath

Kadaknath, also called Kali Masi ("fowl having black flesh"), is an Indian breed of chicken. Kadaknath birds are grey-black all over. They have gold plumage with greenish iridescence. The greyish black colour is in the legs and toenails, beak, tongue, comb and wattles. Even the meat, bones and organs are grey. This bird is considered the National poultry of India.

Turkey, North Carolina

Turkey is a town in Sampson County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 213 people live in Turkey.

Albemarle, North Carolina

Albemarle is a city in and the county seat of Stanly County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 16,432 people live in Albemarle.

Eden, North Carolina

Eden is a city in Rockingham County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 15,421 people live in Eden.

Garner, North Carolina

Garner is a town in Wake County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 31,159 people live in Garner.

Lewisville, North Carolina

Lewisville is a town in Forsyth County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 13,381 people live in Lewisville.

Havelock, North Carolina

Havelock is a city in Craven County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 16,621 people live in Havelock.

Hendersonville, North Carolina

Hendersonville is a city in and the county seat of Henderson County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 15,137 people live in Hendersonville.

Pakistani cockerel

Asil Sindhi Desi chicken or the Pakistani cockerel (Sindhi: سنڌي اسيل, Urdu: سندهي اسيل) is a breed of chicken and as from the name, originates from Sindh (one of four major provinces of Pakistan). These cocks, or fighting cocks, are noted being tall, heavy and good at fighting, so they are bred mainly for cockpit. These Aseels are characterised by a muscular but compact body, broad shoulders, wings carried against the body, short and hard feathers, drooping tails, a large curved beak similar to that of an eagle, pea comb and no wattles. It is considered as the “National poultry of Pakistan” respectively.

Kings Mountain, North Carolina

Kings Mountain is a city in Cleveland and Gaston counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 11,142 people live in Kings Mountain.

Kinston, North Carolina

Kinston is a city in and the county seat of Lenoir County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 19,900 people live in Kinston.

Christopher Reid (rapper)

Christopher Reid (born April 5, 1964), formerly known as Kid" (shortened from his original MC name, Kid Coolout"'), is an American rapper, actor, and comedian. During the peak of his career in the rap duo Kid 'n Play (with Christopher Martin), Reid was notable for his exaggerated hi-top fade haircut.

Lenoir, North Carolina

Lenoir is a city in and the county seat of Caldwell County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 18,352 people live in Lenoir.

Britannic (movie)

Britannic is a movie from 2000. It is about a ship, the H.M.H.S Britannic, that sank in 1916.


Carrboro, North Carolina

Carrboro is a town in Orange County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 21,295 people live in Carrboro.

Morganton, North Carolina

Morganton is a city in and the county seat of Burke County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 17,474 people live in Morganton.

Newton, North Carolina

Newton is a city in and the county seat of Catawba County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 13,148 people live in Newton.

Dispilio Tablet

The Dispilio tablet is a wooden tablet with some symbols on it that was discovered at an archeological site near modern-day Dispillio, in Western Macedonia. This discovery was made 1993. The tablet was dated to a time around 5.200 BC. Usually wood decays fast, but since the tablet was covered with mud and water, it did not decay. It was damaged when it was found.

As of 2021, the writing of the tabled has not been deciphered.

News International phone hacking scandal

The News International phone-hacking scandal was a controversy around the now no longer publishing "News of the World" and other British newspapers owned by Rupert Murdoch. People who worked for the newspaper were accused of hacking phones, police bribery, and other crimes in order to get stories. Even though investigations that took place from 2005 to 2007 suggested that the newspaper only hacked the phones of celebrities, politicians, and people in the British royal family, in July 2011 it was found out that the phones of killed student Milly Dowler, family of dead British soldiers, and people killed in the 7 July 2005 London bombings had also been hacked. The anger of the public at News Corporation caused many well-known people to stop working there, including Rupert Murdoch and his son. The commissioner of London's Metropolitan Police Service (MPS), Sir Paul Stephenson, also left their jobs. Many companies stopped advertising work with the newspaper, leading to the end of the "News of the World" on 10 July 2011, after 168 years of making newspapers. Anger from the public meant News Corporation decided to cancel its suggested takeover of the British television broadcaster BSkyB.

The prime minister David Cameron said on 6 July 2011 that a public investigation, known as the Leveson Inquiry, would look into phone hacking and police bribery by the "News of the World", if what some British newspapers did to get stories was okay and that the Press Complaints Commission would be changed and replaced fully. A few arrests and prison sentenced followed, most well-known being the arrest of the former "News of the World" top editor Andy Coulson.

The Bleeding House

The Bleeding House is a 2011 American horror movie directed by Philip Gelatt and starring Alexandra Chando, Patrick Breen, Charlie Hewson, Betsy Aidem, Richard Bekins.

Wabi-sabi

Wabi-sabi (wabi - beauty in simplicity, sabi-passage of time) is a Japanese world view based on approaching of life. It is about value of imperfection and acceptance of transience. In Japan, wabi-sabi is imperceptible but it's everywhere from a crack on the dishes to a misty landscape.

Brahman cattle

The Brahman is an Indian breed of zebuine-taurine hybrid beef cattle. Originating from the Krishna Valley. The Brahman has a high tolerance of heat, sunlight and humidity, and good resistance to parasites. It has been exported to many countries, particularly in the tropics. It is Sacred and Holy to Hindus, and therefore it is considered as the “National cattle of India” respectively.

Red Chittagong

Red Chittagong Cow, also known as RCC, Kamdhino, Madaripuris a breed of cattle native to Bangladesh. Locally, the breed is known as "Lal Birish". It is considered as the “National cattle of Bangladesh”.

Sahiwal cattle

Sahiwal cattle are a breed of zebu cow, named after an area of the Punjab, in Pakistan. Sahiwal is considered a heat-tolerant cattle breed. It is considered as the “National cattle of Pakistan”.

The Sahiwal originated in the dry Punjab region which lies along central Punjab. They were once kept in large herds by professional herdsmen called "Charwahas". With the introduction of irrigation systems to the region they began to be kept in smaller numbers by the farmers of the region, who used them as draught and dairy animals. Today the Sahiwal is one of the best dairy breeds in Pakistan. Sahiwal is calm when milking. Due to their heat tolerance and high milk production they have been exported to other Asian countries as well as Africa and the Caribbean.

Mountain imperial pigeon

The Maroon-backed Imperial pigeon ("Ducula badia"), also known as the Mountain Imperial pigeon or Hodgson's Imperial pigeon, is a species of bird in the pigeon and dove family with a wide range in Southeastern Asia. Overall the pigeon has a wide range in south-eastern Asia, where it occurs in Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei, Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Thailand, and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is considered as the "“National dove of Bangladesh”" respectively..

Common emerald dove

The common emerald dove ("Chalcophaps indica"), also called Asian emerald dove and grey-capped emerald dove, is a widespread resident breeding pigeon native to the tropical and subtropical parts of the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia. The dove is also called the green dove and the green-winged pigeon. The common emerald dove is considered national dove of India and the provincial bird of the Indian subnational state of Tamil Nadu. 

Pakistan Highflyer

The Pakistan Highflyer or the Pakistani Tippler Pigeon is a breed of high endurance pigeon developed endemically in Pakistan. Pakistani Highflyers, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock dove ("Columba livia"). It is considered as the "“National pigeon of Pakistan”" respectively.
This breed is created to perform at a very high altitude in soaring heat upto 50 degrees, flights of 14-18 hrs.
Famous breed include but not limited to, Teddy, Sialkoti and Qasoori, Ali walay, Golden, Kamangar, 35 walay, Baterry, Moti walay, Dub walay, Feroz puri, Rampuri. etc.

Cashmere Lop

The Pakistani Cashmere Lop rabbit is a medium-sized rabbit with long dense fur. The breed, originates from Kashmir in Pakistan, comes in many different colours and weighs approximately 4-5 lbs. They are thought of as the "“National rabbit of Pakistan”" respectively.

Monosexuality

Monosexuality is a sexual orientation defined with attraction to one gender/sex. Monosexual groups both homosexual and heterosexual people with androsexual and gynesexual non-binary individuals. This may or may not include skoliosexuality adherently. The label is meant to include anyone that is not bisexual.

Kajli

Kajla is a breed of sheep, native to Pakistan. It is mainly bred in Sargodha and other cities such as Gujranwala, Lahore, Faisalabad. The breed is bred primarily for its wool, meat and milk. This breed can grow significantly large and bulky at a young age. They are considered as the "“National Sheep of Pakistan”" respectively.

Magra sheep

The Magra sheep, also known as Bikaneri Chokhla or Chakri and formerly known as the Bikaneri, is a breed of sheep that is found in the Bikaner, Nagaur, Jaisalmer and Churu districts of Rajasthan, of modern Republic of India (Western India). The Magra sheep is known as the only lustrous carpet wool-producing breed. The most important strain of Magra has flocks with extremely white and lustrous fleece, which can only be found in a few villages around Bikaner. A breeding program aims to improve this breed through selection.

The breeders, wool traders, and industrialists in Bikaner have expressed serious concern at the rapid decline in numbers of Magra sheep. Moreover, the number of purebreds is decreasing due to cross-breeding with other breeds in the area, and consequently there is a serious need for conservation. They are considered as the "“National Sheep of India”".

Jamnapari

Jamnapari or Jamunapari is an Indian breed of domestic goat originating in Northern India of the Gangetic Plains of India. They are considered as the "“National Goat of India”" respectively.

Somali Plate

The Somali plate is a tectonic plate at the Equator.

Its center is roughly the island of Madagascar. It includes about half of the east coast of Africa, from the Gulf of Aden in the north through the East African Rift Valley.

It is moving away from the African plate, and making the Great Rift Valley. This rift valley has formed lakes and volcanoes, notably Mt. Kilimanjaro. Eventually the Somali Plate will break away from the African Plate.

Black Bengal goat

The Black Bengal goat is a breed of goat found throughout Bangladesh, West Bengal, Bihar, Assam, and Odisha. This breed is usually colored black but it is also found in brown, white or grey. The Black Bengal goat is small in size but its body structure is tight. Its horns are small and legs are short. An adult male goat weighs about 25 to 30 kg and female 20 to 25 kg. It is poor in milk production. It is very popular in Bangladesh because of its low demand for feed and high kid production rate. They are considered as the "“National Goat of Bangladesh”" respectively.

It produces high-quality meat and skin, and is preferred for the skin and high prolificacy rate.

This breed plays a very important role in reducing unemployment and poverty from Bangladesh. They can eat most vegetables, grasses and leaves, but a high amount of carrots is fatal to them.

Cashmere goat

A Cashmere goat or the Pakistani Beetal Pashmina Bhakra is a type of goat that produces cashmere wool, the goat's fine, soft, downy, winter undercoat, in commercial quality and quantity. This undercoat grows as the day length shortens and is associated with an outer coat of coarse hair, which is present all the year and is called guard hair. Most common goat breeds, including dairy goats, grow this two-coated fleece. They are considered as the "“National Goat of Pakistan”" respectively.

The goats take their name from their origin in the Himalayan region of Kashmir.

Sperki

The Pakistani Sperki Donkey breed of domestic donkey originating from Pakistan. They are sometimes used as a mode of Transport in that country, and are also considered as the "“National feral of Pakistan”" respectively. 

Halari donkey

The Halari Donkey breed of domestic donkey from Western India. They are sometimes used as a mode of transport in that part of the country as well as the north.

Born in East L.A. (movie)

Born in East L.A. is a 1987 American Mexican comedy movie directed by Cheech Marin (who also stars) and also starring Daniel Stern, Paul Rodriguez, Kamala Lopez, Jan-Michael Vincent, Lupe Ontiveros, Neith Hunter, Larry Blackmon. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Boana stenocephala

The Boana stenocephala is a frog that lives in South America. Scientists have only seen it in two places, both in Brazil.

Pac-Man 256

Pac-Man 256 is an endless running video game developed by Hipster Whale and 3 Sprockets and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment. The game is part of the "Pac-Man" series and is inspired by the original Pac-Man game's infamous Level 256 glitch. 

The game was published for free on iOS and Android on August 20, 2015. 

A port of the game for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC (Windows, macOS, Linux) was released on June 21, 2016.

Pac-Man moves across an endless labyrinth, collecting dots and power-ups and avoiding enemy ghosts. The game ends if Pac-Man meet a ghost or falls behind or glitch at the bottom of the maze. After eating 256 dots the player blasts that clears all on-screen enemies.

Pac-Man can use lasers, tornadoes, and clones to attack the ghosts. Also, it collects score-multiplying fruit. Additional power-ups are unlocked when you collect enough dots. 

Coins that can be obtained either on the maze or by viewing sponsored videos, which can be used to upgrade power-ups.

The game's main mode requires credits that can restore. Alternatively, the player can use Free Play. Credits can also be used to revive the player once per game.

Power-ups are unlocked over time and the player always can use the power-ups.

There are also themes which change the look of the game.

It's possible to play four-player co-operative play. In the co-operative play mode players first select their character such as a robot, the chicken from "Crossy Road", the regular Pac-Man and others. The goal is for every player to get as much as possible and contribute to the group score as much as possible. 

Pac-Man Battle Royale

Pac-Man Battle Royale is the 17th arcade game in the Pac-Man series (11th official). It is part of the Pac-Man 30th Anniversary and developed by Namco Bandai Games. It was released for the arcade in January 2011 and later ported to "Pac-Man Museum" for a digital release (Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and Windows PC) in 2014.

Lillian Smith (author)

Lillian Eugenia Smith (December 12, 1897 – September 28, 1966) was an American writer and social critic toward the Southern United States. Smith was known mainly for her best-selling and highly controversial 1944 book "Strange Fruit". Smith was a Southern liberal who would easily go against segregation and work on taking apart Jim Crow laws. This was during a time when such actions would almost always guarantee being cut off from society.

In 1944. Smith published her controversial and best-selling book "Strange Fruit". The book dealt with a then-forbidden and very controversial theme: mixed race romances. The book was originally titled "Jordan is So Chilly". Smith, however, changed the title for the novel to "Strange Fruit". Not long after the novel was released, it was banned in Boston, Massachusetts and Detroit, Michigan under reasons of "lewdness" and profane language. The novel was also banned from being mailed in the United States Postal Service. The ban against the novel, though, was lifted by the then-President Franklin D. Roosevelt when his wife Eleanor made a request toward him.

One of several ways Smith openly discussed the problems of segregation was while she was counseling campers. It was this period of creative control on the camp which allowed her to use it for talking about modern social issues. Those were the dangers of inequality and how to improve society in relation to women.

Smith dealt with breast cancer beginning in the early 1950s. She died from the disease at age 68. Her book, "The Journey", refers to her battle.

Smith's novel "Strange Fruit" remains her most famous work. The book was translated under fifteen different languages.

In 1999, Smith was given an award by the Georgia Women of Achievement.

Beginning in 1968, the Lillian Smith Book Awards were given out annually. But in 2003, there was not enough money being given to the Southern Regional Council. The awards are the Southern United States' best-known and oldest book award. They are presented in fiction and non-fiction categories.



Burma Victory

Burma Victory is a 1946 British documentary movie directed by Roy Boulting about the Burma Campaign during the World War II.


Parrish, Alabama

Parrish is a small town in Walker County, Alabama. During the 2020 census, 982 people lived here.

I Quit Match

An I Quit Match is a match in pro wrestling. The rules of the match state you must make the opponent in the match verbally concede the match to end the match.

Lucky Jim (1957 movie)

Lucky Jim is a 1957 British comedy movie. John Boulting directed the movie. It was based on the 1954 novel "Lucky Jim" by Kingsley Amis. Ian Carmichael, Terry-Thomas, Hugh Griffith, Sharon Acker, Jean Anderson, Clive Merton, Reginald Beckwith, and Maureen Connell starred in the movie.

Chirlane McCray

Chirlane Irene McCray (born November 29, 1954 in Springfield, Massachusetts) is an American writer, editor and activist. She is married to New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio. McCray was described as the "closest advisor" for de Blasio. McCray is the chairwoman for the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City and leads ThriveNYC. She has also published poetry. McCray worked in politics as a speechwriter.

When de Blasio became mayor, he hired the publicist Rachel Noerdlinger as McCray's chief of staff. Noerdlinger, however, later resigned her post due to several controversies with her behavior and the behaviors of certain people around her. 

During his second month in office, de Blasio named McCray the chair of the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City. Beginning from then, the group was focused on immigration, mental health and youth workforce projects.

In November 2015, McCray led the launch of ThriveNYC, a plan for overhauling the city's mental health and substance abuse services. ThriveNYC promotes a change from the more traditionally more reactive model. That model can strain police, hospitals, prisons and schools, into an integrated public health approach on being aware and being identified early.

ThriveNYC drew harsh criticism over accusations of not being properly managed and accusations that the group failed to produce any records with the proper results. As of March 2019, almost $850 million in funding in McCray's program was unaccounted for. Also, the program was on track to spend just over $1 billion over almost five years. A Bronx Councilman criticized ThriveNYC. He said there was no evidence that the program was working.

The Lady in Question

The Lady in Question is a 1940 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Charles Vidor and starring Glenn Ford, Rita Hayworth, Brian Aherne, Irene Rich, George Coulouris, Lloyd Corrigan, Evelyn Keyes, Edward Norris. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Julia Butterfly Hill

Julia Lorraine Hill (better known as Julia "Butterfly" Hill; born in Mount Vernon, Missouri, February 18, 1974) is an American environmental activist and tax redirection advocate. She is best known because of living in a 180-foot tall and fifteen-hundred-year old California redwood tree. She began sitting in the tree on December 10, 1997 to prevent loggers from the Pacific Lumber Company from cutting down the tree. Hill remained in the tree for just over two years until December 18, 1999. The tree was given the identity "Luna". In 2000, Hill became the author of her book, which was named "The Legacy of Luna".

Hill began living in Jonesboro, Arkansas during her middle school attending years.

During the years following her tree-sit, Hill became a motivational speaker (holding almost 250 events a year). She also became a best-selling author. Later, she was the co-founder for the Circle of Life Foundation. Circle of Life helped organize We the Planet, an eco-friendly music tour.

On July 16, 2002, Hill was arrested and jailed in Quito, Ecuador. Her arrest happened near the offices of Occidental Petroleum. Hill was protesting against a proposed oil pipeline that would penetrate a virgin Andean cloud forest which goes with rare birds. Hill was later removed from Ecuador.

During an April 2009 interview, Hill was thinking about what would come next for her:

Introduction

Introduction, The Introduction, Intro, or The Intro may be:




Mimi Walters

Marian Elaine "Mimi" Walters (née Krogius; born May 14, 1962, Pasadena, California) is an American businesswoman and politician. Under the Republican Party, she was a U.S. Representative in California's 45th congressinal district.

Before running for the office, Walters was an investment banker between 1988 and 1995. Walters was later the chairwoman under the Laguna Niguel Investment and Banking Committee. Walters did two terms under the Laguna Niguel City Council between 1996 and 2004. Walters was the mayor in 2000. She was elected mayor again later that year.

Walters got an 89% evaluation under the American Conservative Union in 2017.

Walters went against abortion. In 2015 in her freshman term, she worked under the Select Panel to investigate Planned Parenthood.

Walters was rated "D" under the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws.

Walters supported taking down and replacing the Affordable Care Act, better known as Obamacare, with the American Health Care Act of 2017. She said passing the American Health Care Act "is a critical step" towards the goal of rescuing "this failing health care system."

As an assembly woman, Walters voted for the Proposition 8. The proposition marked same-sex marriage illegal across California.

Installation

Installation may refer to:


Evelyn Gandy

Edythe Evelyn Gandy (September 4, 1920 – December 23, 2007) was an American politician and lawyer. Gandy was the second female elected under a statewide office in Mississippi. That was Mississippi State Treasurer. The first female was Nellah Massey Bailey. Bailey was elected the State Tax Collector in 1947. Gandy was later elected the insurance commissioner and 26th Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi.

Gandy was a member under the United States' Democratic Party. In 1947, she was elected to Mississippi House of Representatives from Forrest County. 

In 1959, Gandy was the first woman elected the Mississippi Assistant Attorney General. Later that year, she became the state treasurer.

Gandy ran twice for the Governor of Mississippi. Both times, she was defeated.

Gandy was born in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. She died after a long bout having progressive supranuclear palsy, a condition similar to Parkinson's disease.

In 2006, the Evelyn Gandy Parkway was opened just outside of Petal in her native Forrest County.

Zhang Nala

Zhang Nala (; born March 18, 1981 in Seoul), locally known (in Korea) as Jang Na-ra, is a South Korean singer and actress active in both South Korean and Chinese entertainment industries since 2001. She's the second South Korean celebrity to be heavily influenced by Chinese entertainment industries and to be active in Chinese entertainment industries, after Qiu Cixuan.

Nenad Stekić

Nenad Stekić (; 7 March 1951 – 18 July 2021) was a Serbian and Yugoslav long jumper. He was best known for his European record of 8.45 metres. He participated in the 1976, 1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics. He won two silver medals at the European Athletics Championships in 1974 and 1978.

Stekić died on 18 July 2021 in Belgrade at the age of 70.

Tecno Spark 4

Tecno Spark 4 Lite, Tecno Spark 4 Air and Tecno Spark 4 are Android-based smartphones produced, released and marketed by Tecno Mobile.

Kurt Westergaard

Kurt Westergaard (born Kurt Vestergaard; 13 July 1935 – 14 July 2021) was a Danish cartoonist. He was known for creating the controversial cartoon of a terrorist, although not the Islamic prophet Muhammad, wearing a bomb in his turban. Westergaard was born in Døstrup, Denmark.

On 1 January 2010, a 28-year-old Somali Muslim intruder armed with an axe and knife entered Westergaard's house. Westergaard was unharmed because of tight security and the intruder was shot by police.

Westergaard died on 14 July 2021 in Copenhagen, one day after his 86th birthday.

Infinix Note 7

Infinix Note 7 Lite and Infinix Note 7 are Android smartphones produced, released and marketed by Infinix mobile.

Prith Banerjee

Prithviraj "Prith" Banerjee (born 1960) is an Indian American academic and computer scientist. He is the Chief Technology Officer at ANSYS and board member at Cray and CUBIC. He was a Senior Client Partner at Korn Ferry. Before that he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Schneider Electric.
He was formerly He has also worked for Hewlett Packard and was the director of HP Labs. Previously he was the Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President of ABB Group. Banerjee has been the managing director of Global Technology R&D at Accenture.
. Prith started his early career in acadamia as a professor at the University of Illinois and Northwestern University.

ABC (band)

ABC (originally Vice Versa) are an English pop and new wave group. They formed in Sheffield, England in 1980.

ABC achieved ten UK and five US Top 40 hit songs between 1981 and 1990. Their first studio album was "The Lexicon of Love" (1982). It was a success in the United Kingdom. In the United States, the early-1980s success saw them tied to the Second British Invasion.

The band's first single, "Tears are Not Enough", made UK the Top 20 in 1981. They had three Top 10 hits in 1982. They were: "Poison Arrow", "The Look of Love" and "All of My Heart".

The group's second album, "Beauty Stab" was released in November 1983. This second album had a substandard performance. Its first song, "That was Then but This is Now" briefly appeared in the UK Top 20. In early 1984, the album's second song, "SOS", had a Top 40 showing.

From the late 1980s until the early 2020s, the band issued a number of other albums. They include "Up" (1989), "Abracadabra" (1991) and "The 80s Recovered" (2015).

Urea nitrate

Urea nitrate is a plant food-based high explosive that has been used to make bombs to attack people in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, and a few other terrorist acts in other places around the world such as in the 1993 World Trade Center bombings and the 7 July 2005 London bombings. It has a destroying power like the more well-known ammonium nitrate bombs, with a speed of explosion between and .

Urea nitrate is made in one step when urea with nitric acid are mixed. This is an exothermic reaction.

Parag Agrawal

Parag Agrawal is an Indian-American technologist. He was the chief technology officer (CTO) of Twitter.

Joseph P. Remington

Joseph P. Remington (March 26, 1847 – January 1, 1918) was an American pharmacist.

BMW i3

The BMW i3 was made in Germany 2013. The car has 181 horsepower.The BMW i3 has 4 seats. The BMW i3 is electric which helps the environment. The top range for a BMW i3 is £41,315. Bayerische Motoren is the creator of the popular BMW i3. 

The top range for a BMW i3 with full battery is 231 miles. They have sold over 43,722 from 2014 to 2021. The top speed for a BMW i3 is 93.21 to 99.42mph. It has 260 litres of luggage. The colours are black, orange, grey,white,red,blue and beige. The crash was 86% for adults and for kids 57%.

Tango Popping Candy

Tango popping candy gives a tangy twist on a favorite retro sweet. 

Tango popping candy in 3 blasting flavours-orange, Cherry & apple. The tub contains 240 packets of Tango Popping Candy. There are some ideal pick-ups for children looking to spend some of their pocket money on a treat.

Apple Ingredients: Sugar, glucose, lactose (from milk), malic acid, carbon dioxide, artificial flavours, colours E102, E133.

Tango popping candy is not vegetarian friendly.

Şahan Gökbakar

Şahan Gökbakar (born 22 October 1980) is a Turkish comedian and actor. He is best known for playing Recep Ivedik.

Gökbakar grew up in the capital, Ankara, Turkey's capital, attending the primary school and high school.

Cem Yılmaz

Cem Yılmaz (born 23 April 1973) is a Turkish actor and comedian. 

His most notable movies started in 1998 with a co-starring role in the comedy "Everything's Gonna Be Great" (1998), directed by Ömer Vargi, and continued with a role in Vizontele (2001), directed by Yilmaz Erdogan and Ömer Faruk Sorak. He achieved his greatest success by starring in and writing big-budget science-fiction parody G.O.R.A. (2004) and sequel to G.O.R.A. called A.R.O.G (2008) also directed by Ömer Faruk Sorak, which despite spending several years in production because of financial and other technical problems became a box-office hit and described by Rekin Teksoy as a strong sign that showed that popular cinema was successful in appealing to wide audiences.

Sarail hound

Sarail hounds are legendary dogs of Bangladesh. Descended from Arabic Saluks, they were bred over hundreds of years into superior hunting dogs by Moghul generals and aristocrats at the village of Sarail. They have served in the army and police, as hunting and guard dogs, and as devoted pets. M.A.G. Osmani, who led Bangladesh's Freedom fighters to victory against Pakistan Civil War (1971) war of Independence, is said to have been saved by one of two Sarails he owned when he was attacked. These Race dogs are considered as the "“National Dog of Bangladesh”" respectively.

Pygmy hog

The Pygmy hog ("Porcula salvania") is a suid native to alluvial grasslands of the Gangetic Plains of India. This impure pygmy hog used to be widespread in the tall, wet grasslands in the southern Himalayan foothills from Uttar Pradesh through Nepal, Bangladesh, northern West Bengal to Assam. It is considered as the "“National hog of Bangladesh”" respectively.

Indian boar

The Indian boar ("Sus scrofa cristatus"), also known as the Andamanese pig or Moupin pig is a subspecies of wild boar native to Republic of India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Burma, western Thailand and Sri Lanka. It is considered as the "“National hog of India”" respectively.

The Indian boar differs from its European counterpart by its large mane which runs in a crest along its back from its head to lower body, larger, more sharply featured and straighter skull, its smaller, sharper ears and overall lighter build. It is taller and more sparsely haired than the European form, though its back bristles are much more developed. The tail is also more tufted, and the cheeks hairier.


Rhammel Afflick

Rhammel Emmanuel Basil Afflick BEM (born 6 April 1994) is a British writer, political and LGBT activist. He was Director of Communications for Pride in London.

Afflick was attended Chessington School, known as Chessington Community College at the time, for secondary school and sixth form, completing in 2012. Afflick has written about his experience as bisexual man in London.

Afflick is an awarding winner. He was a recipient of the British Empire Medal in the 2021 New Year Honours. He was also recognised for more than a decades commitment to campaigning and volunteering in the community. 

Onigiri

Onigiri or rice ball is a Japanese traditional food. It is made from white rice wrapped in nori. Usually onigiri is filled with salmon, katsuobushi or something else. The ingredient is salty or sour. Japanese stores have onigiri with various flavours.

Central Asian boar

The Central Asian boar or the Common Eurasian Wild Boar ("Sus scrofa davidi") is a small long maned subspecies of wild boar indigenous to Southeastern Iran, Pakistan and Northwest Republic of India. This subspecies is smaller than the nominate "S. s. scrofa". It is light brown in color and has a long and thick mane. Males have been reported to reach weights of up to 158 kg, and females 123 kg. It is considered as the "“National hog of Pakistan”" respectively.

Nori

Nori is a Japanese edible seaweed. The main ingredient is a dried red algae. It is used to wrap rolles of sushi or onigiri. Also nori is made in the form of sheets.

Nagpuri (buffalo)

The Indian Nagpuri buffalo is a versatile breed of the Maharashtra and stands better amongst the breeds of buffaloes which combine the milk and drought qualities in a better proportion in adverse climatic conditions. It is a River type buffalo. It is a central Indian Breed. As the name applies Nagpuri buffalo is a versatile breed of the Vidarbha region of Maharashtra, Central India. The animals of this breed are very well adapted to the harsh-semi-arid conditions of Vidarbha region. It is considered as the "“National Buffalo of India”" respectively.

Mahish buffalo

The Bangladeshi Mahish buffalo is a versatile breed of the Bengal. It is a River type buffalo. It is considered as the "“National Buffalo of Bangladesh”". A variety of the Oriental, crossed with the indigenous swamp-type, river-type dominant

God of War (2018 video game)

God of War is an action-adventure video game. It was released on April 20, 2018. The game was released for PlayStation 4. This game is based on Norse mythology instead of Greek mythology what was is used by previous games of this franchise. 

God of War is the sequel of God of War III. 

After the Kratos' defeat of the Olympic gods, Kratos lives with his son in Midgard. Kratos bury his wife and after that he and his son begin their journey to the nine realms. It was for scattering of ashes of Kratos' wife. During the journey, Kratos teach his son to survive and fight monsters, such as trolls or draug. 

Tomás Sánchez

Tomás Sánchez (born May 22, 1948 in Aguada de Pasajeros, Cienfuegos, Cuba) is a Cuban painter and engraver, known for his landscapes. 

He was on a blacklist in Cuba for [part of the time] between 1987 and 2014; he did not have any solo exhibitions (or exhibitions alone) in Cuba for 27 years.

His exhibitions have been at places that include 

Critics and curators have said that his work has links to the experience of meditation.

In 2016, Sánchez was called the most expensive living Cuban painter.


Nili-Ravi

The Pakistani buffalo, Indo-Pak Nili-Ravi or the Punjabi Murrah Buffalo is a breed of domestic water buffalo. It is distributed principally in Pakistan and Northern India, and is concentrated in the Punjab (region). They are considered as the "“National Buffalo of Pakistan”" respectively. It is similar to the Murrah breed of buffalo, and is reared mainly for dairy use. The average milk yield is approximately per year; the record yield is in a lactation of 378 days. 

Biman Bangladesh Airlines

Biman Bangladesh Airlines (Bengali: বিমান বাংলাদেশ এয়ারলাইন্স), commonly known as Biman (Bengali: বিমান), is the national flag carrier of Bangladesh. It features the Balaka bird symbol on its Tailplane respectively. 

Pleyel et Cie

Pleyel et Cie ("Pleyel and Company") was a French piano manufacturing firm founded by Ignace Pleyel in 1807. In 1815, Pleyel's son Camille joined him as a business partner. The firm provided pianos to Frédéric Chopin, who once mentions that Pleyel pianos are "«non plus ultra»". Among other composers that were using Pleyel pianos were Debussy, Saint-Saëns, Ravel, de Falla and Stravinsky.

In the 1980s, the Pleyel company bought out two other piano companies Erard and Gaveau. In 2008 they introduced new pianos designed by famous designers. At the end of 2013, the company announced it would end manufacturing pianos in France. In September 2009 a piano maker Paul McNulty built a replica of the 1830 model of Pleyel's piano, which is now in a collection of the Fryderyk Chopin Institute in Warsaw. The replica was used in The 1st International Chopin Competition on Period Instruments in September 2018.


Springfield metropolitan area, Missouri

The Springfield, Missouri, metropolitan area, as defined under the United States Census Bureau, is the area involving five counties in southwestern Missouri. The main and largest city within the area is Springfield itself. Other population centers around the area are Nixa, Republic, Bolivar, Marshfield, Battlefield and Willard. The city limits of Springfield come near the Ozark city limits at Christian County line on US 65, the city limits at Republic at the James River Freeway on the southwestern side of the city and the Strafford limits on its northeastern side.

The 2019 estimates show the area having a population of around 467,516. According to the 2020 Census, Springfield itself has over 168,000 people living in the city.

Republic, Missouri

Republic is a city within Christian and Greene counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 United States Census, almost 17,000 people lived in the city. Republic is part of the Springfield metropolitan area. It is the second-largest city in the county.

Louis-Constantin Boisselot

Louis-Constantin Boisselot (11 March 1809 – 5 June 1850 in Marseille) was a French piano manufacturer. Franz Liszt was a long-time friend of the family and also his son's (Marie-Louis-François Boisselot (1845–1902)) godfather. Liszt received a Boisselot piano as a gift and used it for creating the Weimar years. A replica of the Liszt's personal Boisselot 1846 piano was created by 200 Liszt's celebration by a piano builder McNulty. Both original and the replica are property of the Klassik Stiftung Weimar.

Louis-Constantin Boisselot succeeded his father Jean-Louis Boisselot in the piano making business, which was successfully continued by next generations of the family until the late nineteenth century.


Battlefield, Missouri

Battlefield is a city in Greene County, Missouri. The 2020 United States Census show about 5,990 people living in the city. Battlefield is part of the Springfield metro area.

Battlefield was named for its proximity to the 1861 Battle at Wilson's Creek, part of the American Civil War.

Pioneer

Pioneer can mean a settler who migrates to previously uninhabited or sparsely inhabited land.

In the United States pioneer often means an American pioneer, a person in American history who migrated west, from Thirteen Colonies to join in settling and developing new areas.

Pioneer, The Pioneer, or pioneering may be:






Strafford, Missouri

Strafford is a city in eastern Greene County, Missouri. The 2020 United States Census reported about 2,476 people living within the city. Strafford is part of the Springfield metropolitan area.

The history of Strafford dates back to 1870. That year, the railroad was made longer to that point. It was named for the original owner of that site. A post office called Strafford began operation at the exact same time.

Willard, Missouri

Willard is a city in Greene County, Missouri. The 2020 United States Census set the number of people living in the city at 5,730. It is part of the Springfield metropolitan area.

The city was founded in 1884. Its name comes from William Willard. He was the surveyor working on the railroad. He was from Lebanon, Missouri. Willard was incorporated into a city in 1949.

Paul Badura-Skoda

Paul Badura-Skoda (6 October 1927 – 25 September 2019) was an Austrian pianist, known for his performances on historical instruments.

In 1947 he won first prize in the Austrian Music Competition. Badura-Skoda was a part of the ""Viennese Troika" along with Friedrich Gulda and Jörg Demus. In 1974 he went on a tour in all the large cities in South Africa. 

Badura-Skoda was performing works of Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, and also had an extensive repertoire including many works of Chopin and Ravel. In his collection Badura-Skoda kept a few period instruments including replicas, which he used in concerts and for recordings. As a successful recording artist, Badura-Skoda made over 200 records, including many duplicates created to highlight the sound of different pianos. He died on 25 September 2019.


Implementation

Implementation is the realization (or making real) of an application, or making real: a plan, an idea, model, design, specification, standard, algorithm, or policy.

Implementation may be:



Angelina Nadie

Angéline Nadié (1 January 1968 – 17 July 2021) was an Ivorian actress. She is best known for her role as the evil mother of Michel Bohiri's character in "Ma Famille".


Block Island

Block Island is an American coastal island just offshore of the U.S. state of Rhode Island. The island is almost nine miles south of the United States mainland. It is fourteen miles east of the Montauk Point area of Long Island in New York. It was named in the 1600s for the Dutch explorer Adriaen Block. Block Island is included in Washington County in southwestern Rhode Island. It shares the same area as the town of New Shoreham.

Block Island is a popular destination for tourists during the summer. It is known for beaches, bicycling, hiking and sailing.

Other popular events include the Fourth of July Parade, celebration and fireworks every year.

Block Island was incorporated under the Rhode Island General Assembly in 1672. The government of the island then adopted the name "New Shoreham".

The original North Lighthouse was built in 1829. It was replaced in 1837 when the original was washed out to sea. But the replacement lighthouse suffered a similar fate to the original lighthouse. The modern lighthouse was constructed in 1867. Construction began on the Block Island six years later in 1873.

The Block Island State Airport opened in 1950. It remains today for a general aviation-type airport. In 1972, the Block Island Conservancy was founded. The Conservancy and other environmental groups are responsible for protecting over 40% of Block Island from development. In 1974, the Old Harbor Historic District was declared a National Register historic district.

On August 19, 1991, just before 1:30 pm, Hurricane Bob crossed right over Block Island with sustained winds near 105 miles per hour. That meant Bob was a strong Category 2 when it passed over the island.

Speckled tree frog

The speckled tree frog ("Boana semiguttata") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Ronan Glynn

Ronan Glynn is an Irish doctor, best known for being the Deputy and Acting Chief Medical Officer of Ireland in the Department of Health .

Ronan Glynn was born to parents Mary and George Glynn, the owners of Glynn's Fruit and Veg.

Ronan Glynn graduated from University College Dublin, where he obtained a Bachelor of Science in Physiotherapy, in 2002. He completed a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery at the University of Aberdeen in 2007, a PhD in Surgical Oncology from NUI Galway in 2013 and a first-class honours Masters in Public Health (MPH) from University College Dublin in 2015.

Between 2008 and 2010, Glynn was Research Registrar at the National Breast Cancer Research Institute (NBCRI) in University College Hospital Galway. Between 2010 and 2014, he was Senior House Officer and Specialist Registrar at the Health Service Executive (Otolaryngology). Between 2014 and 2018, he was Specialist Registrar and Specialist in Public Health Medicine at the HSE.

Glynn holds a diploma in personal leadership and executive coaching. He has been a member of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland since 2012, a Fellow of the International Society for Quality in Healthcare (ISQUA) since 2013 and a Member of the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland, Faculty of Public Health Medicine of Ireland, since 2017.

In October 2018, Dr. Ronan Glynn became Deputy Chief Medical Officer in Ireland, he was most notably known for his daily appearances at the COVID-19 press briefings.

On 2 July 2020, Dr. Tony Holohan stepped down from his Chief Medical Officer role to care for his wife, Ronan Glynn became the Acting Chief Medical Officer until 5 October 2020.
He married Carla O' Brien in 2013. They have two children.

Kashmir musk deer

The Kashmir musk deer ("Moschus cupreus") is a deer that lives in India, Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Nepal.

Like other musk deer, the Alpine musk deer and Himalayan musk deer, the Kashmir musk deer lives in the Himalayan mountains and places around those mountains. They are large plant-eating animals that can live in cold places.

The Kashmir musk deer has two large teeth that stick down from its upper jaw like fangs. The male deer use them to fight other male deer.

The Kashmir musk deer is .8 to 1 meter long and can weigh as much as 17 kilograms.

Unlike other musk deer, the Kashmir musk deer has white fur from its chin to its chest and a black spot on its throat. There is light brown fur on the back of its neck. The fur on its back is the color of copper and may have spots. The lower parts of its legs are white, and there are black parts on its upper hind legs and rear end. Its ears are dark gray and white at the ends. It can be different colors at different times of year.

Kashmir musk deer all leave their feces in the same place. Scientists call this a latrine site. They do this to mark their territory, meaning to show other deer that a place belongs to them.

Kashmir musk deer like to look for food where the mountains are steep and rocky. Scientists have seen them 3000-3500 meters above sea level on mountains with pine cone tree forests.

Kashmir musk deer are in danger of dying out because human beings hunt them for their fur and their musk pods. People use musk pods to make perfumes and in traditional medicines. In the 21st century, one kilogram of musk pod can pay USD45,000.

Yu Xiaoguang

Yu Xiaoguang (; born May 16, 1981) is a Chinese composer and actor. He is a former swimmer and sprint canoer. In 2006 he made a crossover from sports to movies. He made appearances on various television series, most notably "My Kung Fu Girlfriend" (2006), "Fighting in Peking" (2009), "Mao Anying" (2010), "The Happy Time of the Spicy and Hot Girlfriend" (2012), "City and Country Life" (2014), and "Namchow Mechanic Heroes" (2015). He is the husband of South Korean actress Qiu Cixuan.

Realization

Realization or realisation may be:




Quail eggs

Quail eggs are eggs from quails that can be eaten. The eggs are about a long and wide. The coloring pattern is different in each egg. They are cooked the same way as with chicken eggs.

Quail eggs are thought to be exotic food in most parts of the world while the food is more common other parts.

In some South American countries like Colombia, quail eggs are used as a topping in hamburgers, hot dogs, and other sandwiches.

In the Philippines, tokneneng, a dish of deep fried quail eggs covered in orange batter is a common street food. In Vietnam, boiled quail eggs is a commonly eaten as a street snack. In Japanese food, quail eggs are either eaten raw or cooked in sushi or bento lunches.

Delaware Bay

The Delaware Bay is a bay outside of New Jersey and Delaware. It is bordered by all three counties in Delaware and several counties in New Jersey.

The shores of the bay are mainly composed of salt marshes and mud flats.

Honey Bunny in Kung Fu Challenge

Honey Bunny In Kung Fu Challenge is a 2018 Indian animated action movie. It is the third and final installment in the Sab Jholmaal Hai movie series.

When Choos Lee (the Bruce Lee in Honey and Bunny's world) arrives in Bunny's city and claims to be an unbeatable karate champion, Bunny challenges him for a competition. However, in order to win, he must perfect his martial arts skills.

Ask and Embla

Ask and Embla () were the first humans, according to Norse mythology. They are mentioned in the Poetic Eda. It is said that three gods find Ask and Embla and gave them various corporeal and spiritual gifts. Odin gave soul, Lodur gave feelings and Henir gave mind.

Askr means ash tree. The meaning of Embla is uncertain.


Markiesje

A Markiesje, also known as Dutch Tulip Hound, is a spaniel type of dog that was first bred in the Netherlands.

The Markiesje is usually all black or black with a small amount of white markings.

This dog, like most spaniels, is usually very friendly. They need a lot of exercise and attention to keep them happy.

Karen Joy Fowler

Karen Joy Fowler (born February 7, 1950, Bloomington, Indiana) is an American novelist and author. She usually does science fiction, fantasy and literary fiction. Her work often focuses on the lives of women and the 19th-century.

Fowler is best-known for being the novelist of the best-selling book "The Jane Austen Book Club". It was later adapted into a movie of the same name.

Fowler began publishing short stories in the mid-to-late 1980s. Two of her stories were "Recalling Cinderella" (1985) and "Artificial Things" (1986).

Fowler's first novel, "Sarah Canary" (1991), received strong positive reviews from book critics and readers. The novel is of several people that are alienated in the 19th-century America while dealing with peculiar first contact. One character is a Chinese American. The second character carries mental illness. The third character is a feminist. The last is Sarah herself.

Fowler later teamed up with the science fiction writer Pat Murphy to found the James Tiptree Jr. Award, the literary prize for science fiction and fiction which "expands of explores our understanding of gender." The prize was named for the science fiction author Alice Sheldon. Sheldon used the pen name James Tiptree Jr. for writing her books. The award's main focus is to recognize authors/novelists, female or male, who challenge and reflect shifting gender roles.

In 1987, Fowler received the Hugo Award related to her writing career.

Fowler's second novel, "The Sweetheart Season" (1996), is a romantic comedy mixed with historical and fantasy elements.

Fowler's 1998 collection, "Black Glass", won a World Fantasy Award. Her 2010 collections "What I Didn't See" and "Other Stories" won the same award.

In 2004, Fowler received a Nebula Award for her short book "What I Didn't See".

In 2008, Fowler won the Nebula Award a second time for the Best Short Story. The 2008 win was for her 2007 short story "Always". Another short story, "The Pelican Bar" won a Shirley Jackson Award in 2009 and a World Fantasy Award one year later.

Fowler's most recent novel, "We are All Completely Beside Ourselves" (2013) won a Pen/Faulkner Award for 2014. It was also nominated for a 2014 Nebula Award. It was later shortlisted with a 2014 Man Booker Prize.

Fowler received the World Fantasy Life Achievement Award during the 2020 convention.





East Cape Girardeau, Illinois

East Cape Girardeau is a village in Alexander County, Illinois. The 2020 United States Census reported 385 people living in the village.

The village is east of Cape Girardeau, Missouri. The location of the village being just across the Mississippi River from Cape Girardeau is the reason for the village being called East Cape Girardeau. The village was founded in 1890.

Tommy Gulliksen

Tommy Gulliksen is a Norwegian film director. In 2012 he won a Golden Nymph Award in Monaco, for the documentary movie, "Terror Island" (2011); the same year he [and others] won the award Gullruten in Norway.

He was born in 1980 and grew up in Oslo's Lambertseter (area). He was a student at Oslo University College (which now is part of Oslo Metropolitan University).


Breakfast of Champions (movie)

Breakfast of Champions is a 1999 American black comedy movie directed by Alan Rudolph and was based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.. It stars Bruce Willis, Will Patton, Alison Eastwood, Lukas Haas, Nick Nolte, Barbara Hershey, Glenne Headly, Valerie Perrine, Omar Epps, Buck Henry, Jake Johanssen, Owen Wilson. It was distributed by Buena Vista Pictures and was a box office bomb.


Jai Hind

Jai Hind (, ) is a salutation and slogan that originally meant "Victory to Hindustan", and in contemporary colloquial usage usually means "Long live India" or "Salute to India". It emerged as a form of battle cry and in political speeches.

James Tiptree Jr.

Alice Bradley Sheldon (born Alice Hastings Bradley; August 24, 1915 – May 19, 1987) was an American science fiction author. She was better known by her pen name James Tiptree Jr.. She used the pen name for her books from 1967 until her death. Before 1977, most people didn't know that James Tiptree Jr. was really a woman. Sheldon was added into the Science Fiction Hall of Fame in 2012.

In 1936, Sheldon participated in group shows at the Art Institute of Chicago. She had connections to the institute through her family. It showed some new American work. This was an important step forward for Sheldon's painting career. At this time Sheldon also took private art lessons from John Sloan. She disliked prudery in painting. While examining an anatomy book for an art class, Sheldon saw that the genitals were blurred. She then restored the genitals of the figures with a pencil.

In 1939, a nude self-portrait from Sheldon named "Portrait in the Country" was accepted for the "All-American" biennial at the Corcoran Gallery in Washington, D.C.. The portrait was displayed there for just over six weeks. While these two shows were seen as big breaks, she downplayed the accomplishments. She said then that "only second-rate painters sold." Sheldon preferred keeping her art works at home.

Not long after Sheldon started writing science fiction, in 1967 she adopted the name James Tiptree Jr. The name "Tiptree" was from branded jars of marmalade. The "Jr." was the idea of her husband. In one interview, Sheldon said: "A male name seemed like good camouflage. I had the feeling that men would slip by less observed. I've had too many experiences in my life of being the first woman in some damned occupation."

The "Tiptree" pen name was maintained until late in 1977. That was in part because though the name was widely known as a pen name, it was well understood that its use was to protect the professional reputations of the intelligence community official.

But then, in 1976, "Tiptree" said during a letter that "his" mother, also a writer, died in Chicago. Those details led the fans to see the obituary. Sheldon's actual identity was then exposed.

Before Sheldon's real identity was exposed, Tiptree was often known as an unusually macho male. However, Sheldon's view of sexual politics was ambiguous.

On May 19, 1987, Sheldon shot her husband and then herself. They were discovered dead, near each other in their Virginia home in bed.


The abbreviation(s) after each title indicate its appearance in one or more of the following collections:




1932 United States presidential election

The 1932 United States presidential election was the 37th election in the history of the United States. It happened on November 8, 1932. Franklin D. Roosevelt, the Democratic candidate who was the governor of New York, won the election, defeating the incumbent Republican president, Herbert Hoover. 

Hoover was blamed for the Great Depression, and tried to ease it, but the Depression got worse. Roosevelt also had the advantage of name recognition, since he was the fifth cousin of the late Theodore Roosevelt.

This election marked the start of a long period where Democrats controlled the White House, as Democrats would win the next five elections. It also marked the beginning of Roosevelt's 12 years and 1 month as president, the longest tenure of any president.

Newsweek

Newsweek is an American weekly news magazine created in 1933. It was a widely published newspaper weekly during the 20th century, with many well-known editors-in-chief over the years. "Newsweek" was later bought by The Washington Post Company in 1961, which kept it until 2010. After having difficulties with keeping money from 2008 until 2012, they started only publishing online. The print edition was trmsfr in March 2014.

Lowering in earnings resulted in an August 2010 sale by The Washington Post Company to sounds technician Sidney Harman for a price of one dollar and taking ownership of any potential problems with the magazine.. Later that year, "Newsweek" joined with "The Daily Beast", making The Newsweek Daily Beast Company. In 2013, IBT Media said it had taken over "Newsweek" from IAC; the sale included the "Newsweek" name and its online newspaper, but not "The Daily Beast". IBT Media renamed itself as Newsweek Media Group in 2017 and rebranded back to IBT Media in 2018.

Sare Jahan se Accha

"Sare Jahan se Accha" (Urdu: ; "Sāre Jahāṉ se Acchā"), formally known as "Tarānah-e-Hindi" (Urdu: , "Anthem of the People of Hindustan"), is an Urdu language patriotic song for children written by poet Muhammad Iqbal in the ghazal style of Urdu poetry. 

The song has remained popular, but only in the modern Republic of India. An abridged version is sung and played frequently as a patriotic song and as a marching song of the Indian Armed Forces.


Independence Day (Pakistan)

Independence Day (; "Yāum-e-Āzādi") is a holiday in Pakistan. It has been celebrated every year on 14 August since 14 August 1948. On that date, British India became an independent country, the Dominion of Pakistan. (The Dominion of Pakistan became today's Islamic Republic of Pakistan in 1956, on Republic Day.) It commemorates the day when Pakistan achieved independence and was declared a sovereign state following the end of the British Raj in 1947. Pakistan came into existence as a result of the Pakistan Movement, which aimed for the creation of an independent Muslim state in the north-western regions of British India via partition. The movement was led by the All-India Muslim League under the leadership of Muhammad Ali Jinnah. The event was brought forth by the Indian Independence Act 1947 under which the British Raj gave independence to the Dominion of Pakistan which comprised West Pakistan (present-day Pakistan) and East Pakistan (now Bangladesh). In the Islamic calendar, the day of independence coincided with Ramadan 27, the eve of which, being Laylat al-Qadr, is regarded as sacred by Muslims.

De Press

De Press are a Polish-Norwegian rock band (or music group). It started in 1980. Its first members were Jørn Christensen, Ola Snortheim, while Andrej Nebb is still a member.

In 1981 the band won the award Spellemannprisen, class "New rock".

In 2011, Morgenbladet, a Norwegian newspaper, gave a ranking of the 100 best albums ever; "Block to Block" (1981) was chosen for the 10th place.

They have played concerts in Norway, as late as 2019.

The members are




Defence Day

Defence Day ( ) is celebrated in Pakistan as national day to commemorate the sacrifices made by Pakistani soldiers in defending its borders. The date of 6 September marks the day in 1965 when Indian troops illegally crossed the International Boundary to launch an attack on Pakistani Punjab, in a riposte to Pakistan's Operation Grand Slam liberating IOJK.

The change of guard ceremony takes place at Mazar-e-Quaid, Karachi, where the cadets of Pakistan Air Force Academy present the Guard of Honour and take the charge.

1928 United States presidential election

The 1928 United States presidential election was the 36th election in the history of the United States. It happened on November 6, 1928. The election was won by Herbert Hoover. Incumbent President Calvin Coolidge, who had been president since the death of Warren G. Harding in 1923 and was elected to a full term in 1924, decided not to run for re-election.

Al Smith, the losing candidate who was a Roman Catholic, was the first Catholic nominee for a major party in American history. He faced widespread anti-Catholic opposition. Hoover was a Protestant since he grew up in a Quaker family. It wasn't until 1960 that a Roman Catholic, John F. Kennedy, was elected.



2019–20 Frauen Bundesliga

The 2019–20 Frauen Bundesliga was the 30th season of the Frauen Bundesliga in Germany. It took place from 17 August 2019 to 28 June 2020. VfL Wolfsburg won their sixth Bundesliga title.

Source: 


DFB-Pokal Frauen

The DFB-Pokal Frauen is the second most important tournament in women's football in Germany. It is the female version of the DFB-Pokal. It was founded in 1980. 1. FFC Frankfurt has been the most successful club in the tournament, winning 9 titles. The current champions are VfL Wolfsburg.


2020–21 DFB-Pokal

The 2020–21 DFB-Pokal was the 78th season of the DFB-Pokal. Borussia Dortmund defeated RB Leipzig in the final to win their 5th title. Bayern Munich were the defending champions, but were defeated by Holstein Kiel in the 2nd round on 13 January 2021.


Sorry Angel

Sorry Angel () is a 2018 French romantic drama movie directed by Christophe Honoré and starring Pierre Deladonchamps, Vincent Lacoste, Denis Podalydès, Quentin Thébault.

UEFA Euro 2028

The UEFA Euro 2028 (officially the 2028 UEFA European Football Championship) will be the 18th UEFA European Football Championship tournament.

These countries will officially try to become the hosts of the tournament:


Holy Smoke

Holy Smoke! is a 1999 American Australian drama movie directed by Jane Campion and starring Kate Winslet, Harvey Keitel, Sophie Lee, Daniel Wyllie, Pam Grier. It was distributed by Miramax Films.


Movie adaptation

Adapting a movie is the transfer of a certain work or story, either in part or in whole, to a motion picture. 

Common forms of movie adaptation are using a novel as the basis of a motion picture. Other works that are adapted to motion pictures are comic books, plays, historical sources and other movies.

Several plays from William Shakespeare have been adapted into movies. Those include "Hamlet", "Othello" and "Romeo and Juliet". Examples of Hamlet on screen are the 1969, 1990 and 1996 movies. Examples for "Romeo and Juliet" being adapted under film include the 1936, 1968 and "Romeo + Juliet" (1996) movies.

Across Britain, where stage plays tend being more popular for entertainment than in the United States, many movies start off as stage productions. Examples of British and British-American motion pictures based on successful British plays include "Gaslight" (1940), "Shirley Valentine" (1989) and "The Madness of King George" (1994).

In similar, hit Broadway plays are often adapted under movies. Examples of Broadway plays adapted under movies are "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1951), "Children of a Lesser God" (1986), "Glengarry Glen Ross" (1992) and "Real Women Have Curves" (2002).

Movies are sometimes created from a television series. In some cases, the movie offers a longer storyline than the usual television program format. In the adaptation of "The X-Files" to the movie format, greater effects and a longer plotline were involved. Adaptations of television shows will give the viewers an opportunity of seeing that show's characters without broadcast restrictions. Such additions–explicit sexual content, profanity, nudity, drug use, adult themes or graphic violence–are only the shown adaptive addition. Movie versions of "Miami Vice" and "South Park" are examples of such motion pictures adapted off the related television programs.

Certain major movies' award programs present awards for adapted screenplays, different from those for original screenplays.

When movies' screenplays are original, they are also the sources for derivative works, like novels and plays. For example, certain movie studios will sell the rights of popular title to novel publishing companies.

Novelization builds up the characters and events happening for commercial reasons.

Examples of motion pictures adapted from novels are "Fanny Hill" (1748), "Where the Truth Lies" (2003), "Delta of Venus" (1977), "Young Adam" (1954), "Blue Is the Warmest Colour" (2013) and "Emmanuelle" (1974).

Sally Hemings

Sally Hemings (1773 – 1835) was an enslaved woman from Virginia. She is famous for her relationship with Thomas Jefferson. People say she was his mistress or his concubine or the girl he was raping, but we do not know for sure. We do know that they had six children together over many years. Most of what we know about Sally Hemings comes from things her son, Madison, said about her many years later.

According to Madison Hemings, Sally Hemings' grandmother was a fully African woman and might have been born in Africa. She was enslaved to the Eppes family in Virginia. Historians do not know for sure what her name was. Papers with the names of enslaved women in the Eppes family include "Dinah," "Judy," "Abbie," "Sarah," "Parthenia," and others. Historian Annette Gordon-Reed said that there were many girls named "Thenia" in the Hemings family, and they might have been named after Parthenia. But she also says that "Sally" is a nickname for "Sarah," and there were many girls named "Sarah" and "Sally" in the Hemings family too.

Sally Hemings' mother was called Elizabeth "Betty" Hemings. Madison Hemings told the story: Elizabeth Hemings' mother was an African woman and her father was an English sea captain named Hemings. The sea captain tried to buy Elizabeth Hemings from her owner, but the owner said no. He said he wanted to see what a half-white, half-African child would look like. Then Captain Hemings tried to take the child away from the owner without paying, but someone told the owner about his plan. Captain Hemings left Virginia and did not come back.

Captain Hemings tried to take his daughter from one of the men in the Eppes family, but historians do not know which one, because they do not know when Elizabeth Hemings was born. One paper says "about 1735." 

Elizabeth Hemings lived at the Eppes family's house, which was called Bermuda Hundred, until 1746. That year, Martha Eppes married John Wayles. Elizabeth and other enslaved people went with Martha to Wayle's house as part of her marriage settlement. A marriage settlement was any property that a married woman could control and her husband could not. Technically, the Eppes family owned Elizabeth Hemings.

Elizabeth Hemings had many children. The father of most of those children, including Sally, was John Wayles. John Wayles also had children with his wife, Martha Eppes. This made Sally Hemings the half-sister of Martha Wayles Skelton, who married Thomas Jefferson.

When Martha Wayles Skelton married Jefferson, Hemings and many people in her family went with Martha Skelton to Jefferson's house at Monticello. Sally Hemings was about ten years old when Martha Wayles Skelton-Jefferson died. Historians think Sally Hemings and her mother Elizabeth may have helped take care of Martha Wayles Skelton-Jefferson when she was sick. Martha Wayles Skelton-Jefferson left Sally a present in her will: a small silver bell.

When Thomas Jefferson went to France to be ambassador, he only took his oldest daughter with him. He also took Sally Hemings's older brother, James Hemings. Jefferson left his younger two daughters behind with his wife's relatives in Virginia. Then the youngest of the three girls died. Jefferson then wrote to his wife's relatives and asked them to send the middle girl, Maria, nicknamed "Polly," to him in France. It took two years for them to agree.

Jefferson told the relatives to choose one of the enslaved women to go with his daughter to France. He said the woman should be older, already inoculated for smallpox, and of a steady personality. He asked for an enslaved woman named Isabel, then twenty-nine years old. But Isabel had just had a baby, so she could not come. Jefferson's wife's relatives sent Sally Hemings instead. Sally Hemings was not any of the three things Jefferson had asked for. She was only fourteen, not inoculated for smallpox, and had a lively personality.

Abigail Adams met Hemings when the ship stopped in London. Abigail Adams wrote to Jefferson and said he should send Hemings back to Virginia on a ship, but he did not. She said Hemings would probably be as much work to take care of as Polly was. She wrote that Hemings was running around, laughing, and playing with Polly. At the time, Adams thought Hemings was sixteen years old, but she was really fourteen years old. We do not know for sure why Abigail Adams wanted Jefferson to send Hemings back to Virginia.

In France, Hemings worked as a servant for Jefferson and as a lady's maid to Jefferson's oldest daughter, Martha. Jefferson paid her. Jefferson's writings show him buying clothes that Hemings could wear to outings with Martha. We do not know when Jefferson began having sex with Hemings. She was pregnant when Jefferson wanted to go back to Virginia.

Historian Annette Gordon-Reed wonders why Hemings agreed to go back to Virginia with Jefferson. About 1000 black people lived in Paris at the time, and more of them were men than women. Gordon-Reed notes that if Sally Hemings had stayed in Paris, she probably could have gotten married or started her own business if she'd wanted to. Gordon-Reed says that Jefferson had planned to come back to France after staying in Virginia only a short time. But the French Revolution's Reign of Terror happened, and he changed his plans.

The laws of France in the 1770s and 1780s did not allow people to keep slaves in France (they could keep slaves in France's colonies). People who brought slaves to France had to either send them away or free them within a certain time. Enslaved people who knew about the law sometimes went to the admiralty court and asked the French government to say they were free. Sally Hemings and her brother could have done this. Gordon-Reed notes that this would have made Jefferson and the United States look bad to the French. She also notes that if Jefferson had freed James and Sally Hemings, it would have made Jefferson and the United States look good to the French.

However, neither of these two things happened. According to Hemings and Jefferson's son Madison, Sally Hemings negotiated with Jefferson. Jefferson, James Hemings, and Sally Hemings made a deal in private: Jefferson promised to free all of Sally Hemings's children, whether he was their father or not. Jefferson promised to free James Hemings after he had taught more people at Monticello how to cook in the French way.

Four of Hemings' children lived to be adults.


Visitors to Monticello remembered Sally Hemings taking care of Jefferson's clothes and sewing. In Jefferson's writings, he called her "Maria's maid."

Legally, Sally Hemings was never freed. But historians believe that Jefferson's daughter Martha "gave Sally her time." This was a thing that slave owners would do in the early 1800s: They would let an older slave live as if they were free.

The 1830 Virginia census lists Sally, Madison, and Eston as free white people. The 1831 census lists Sally Hemings as a "free mulatto," meaning a free person who is half white and half black. In that census, Hemings said she had been living in Charlottesville, Virginia since 1826.

People who did not like Jefferson wrote about him and Hemings. They said the fact that Jefferson had children with a black woman was a reason not to vote for him.

In 1802, Jefferson was President of the United States. That year, writer James Callendar wrote about Jefferson and Hemings in his newspaper. He called Sally Hemings a "concubine" and said that she and Jefferson had children.

Virginia became more racist as the American Civil War got closer. Jefferson's grandchildren did not want people to know their grandfather had sex with a black woman. They told people that perhaps Jefferson's nephew had been the father of Hemings's children. A man named Edmund Bacon wrote about working as an overseer at Monticello and said Jefferson was not the father of Harriet Hemings. But Bacon was not at Monticello until after Harriet was five years old.

During the 20th century, not all historians believed that Jefferson was the father of Hemings's children. Even Eston Hemings Jefferson's descendants changed their story: They said one of Jefferson's other relatives must have been Eston's father.

In 1998, DNA testing showed that someone from Jefferson's male line must have been the father of Hemings's son Eston. Scientists tested the Y chromosome of Jefferson's uncle and the Y chromosome of Jefferson's nephews' grandfather on their own father's side. They compared these chromosomes to the Y chromosomes of Eston's male descendants. They found that Eston's family had Y chromosomes like Jefferson's and not like his nephews'. Before the tests, about a third of historians believed Thomas Jefferson had been the father of Hemings' children, about a third did not, and about a third were undecided. After the test, about two thirds believed Thomas Jefferson was the father of Hemings' children.

Because Jefferson's nephews were not of his same male line, none of them could have been Eston's father. Historian Gordon-Reed matched this against letters and other records showing when Jefferson and Hemings were in the same place, and said that Jefferson could have been the father of all Hemings' children. For example, he was always at Monticello the right number of months before one of Hemings's children was born.

In 2000, the Thomas Jefferson Foundation said it was likely that Jefferson was the father of all Hemings's children.

In 2001, the Thomas Jefferson Heritage Society said Jefferson's younger brother must have been the father of Hemings's children.

We do not know what Sally Hemings looked like. Newspapers making fun of Jefferson drew pictures of her as very dark-skinned, but most of those artists had never seen her. People who saw Hemings and wrote about her said she was light-skinned with long, straight hair.

One visitor to Monticello said she was very beautiful. She was 37 when he saw her and had already had many children.

In 1995, the movie "Jefferson in Paris" showed Hemings as an older teenager who willingly seeks a relationship with Jefferson. In this movie, she returns with Jefferson to Virginia because she wants to go home.

Burnie, Tasmania

Burnie (Palawa Kani: "Mituwaynatji") is a small city in Tasmania, a state of Australia.

Sexual objectification

Sexually objectifying a person means to view them like things for sexual desire.

Both males and females can be sexually objectified, as can children and teenagers. Women and girls, however, are more likely victims of sexual objectification than men and boys. The concept of sexual objectification toward females is very important for some feminist theories. The sexual objectification toward women and girls contributes to bad treatment against them and to gender inequality. A number of psychologists link sexual objectification under some physical and mental health risks for women and girls.

The sexual objectification of women/girls has them being viewed like an object under male sexual desires, not as a whole person. Opinions differ, however, on which situations are objectionable. Many see the sexual objectifying of women/girls taking place with sexual portrayals involving them under art, media, advertising, pornography, prostitution and beauty contests.

There is also evidence showing that females are sometimes sexually objectified by other females.

Hispanic or Latina females are more often sexually objectified under stereotypes (unfair generalisations) toward them. The American media often portray these women as more likely to perform casual sex with multiple partners. The same media portray these females as having curved shapes, large breasts, large buttocks, having a melodramatic (over-the-top) attitude or being feisty.

Women also sometimes see men as sex objects. This often happens in movies and in advertising. It also happens in some television programs.Erotic shows (such as a striptease), or pornography may reduce men to sex objects.

The Magic Box (movie)

The Magic Box is a 1951 British biographical drama movie directed by John Boulting and starring Robert Donat, Margaret Johnston, Maria Schell, Janette Scott, Robert Beatty, Richard Attenborough, Basil Sydney, Bernard Miles, Glynis Johns, Sheila Sim, Peter Ustinov, Laurence Olivier, Michael Denison, William Hartnell, Margaret Rutherford, Maurice Colbourne, Ronald Culver.


Manipur Ancient and Historical Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act

The Manipur Ancient and Historical Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1976 is a legal act passed by the Government of Manipur, India. It aims at the protection and the preservation of the ancient and historical monuments and the archaeological sites and remains of Manipur. Presently, there are 51 protected monuments under the act. To incorporate and protect more sites and monuments of the state, this act was further amended in 1996 substituting 100 years by 75 years for classifying a monument eligible for protection.

Howling II: Your Sister Is a Werewolf

Howling II: Your Sister Is a Werewolf (also known as Howling II and Howling II: Stirba – Werewolf Bitch) is a 1985 American British Czech horror movie directed by Philippe Mora and was based on the 1979 novel of the same name by Gary Brandner and is the sequel to the 1981 movie "The Howling". It stars Christopher Lee, Annie McEnroe, Reb Brown, Marsha Hunt, Sybil Danning, Jimmy Nail.


‏‎
Mir Qasim

Mir Qasim (; died 8 May 1777) was the Nawab of Bengal from 1760 to 1763.

Festus, Missouri

Festus is a city just west of the Mississippi River in Jefferson County, Missouri. The 2020 United States Census found just over 12,000 individuals living in the city.

Festus and its particular neighbor Crystal City are often called the "Twin Cities of Missouri".

The original name of the city was "Tanglefoot". It was planned by the name in 1878. The city's name was later changed to "Festus".

Crystal City, Missouri

Crystal City is a city in Jefferson County, Missouri. It is on the Mississippi River. The 2020 United States Census showed about 4,700 people living in the city.

Crystal City and nearby Festus are called the "Twin Cities of Missouri".

The original name for Crystal City was New Detroit. In the 1860s, PPG Industries, then known as the Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, opened a glass manufacturing plant. The city was renamed after the business.

Lascivious behavior

Lascivious behavior, better known as lewdness, indecency or lechery, is sexual behavior or conduct that is called crude and offensive. It is also against certain and other standards of appropriate behavior.

Under American law, the word "lascivious" is a semi-technical term which means immoral sexual actions, words or thoughts. The term is often used under the legal description of criminal acts wherein certain forms of sexual activity are prohibited.

In the 2000s and after, the word was used for one of several adjectives describing pornography, solicitation for prostitution and indecent acts.

In American law mailing lascivious matter is prohibited thus:
Every obscene, lewd, lascivious, indecent, filthy or vile article, matter, thing, device, or substance ... [i]s declared to be nonmailable matter and shall not be conveyed in the mails or delivered from any post office or by any letter carrier.

Surveying and Mapping (Amendment) Bill

"A joint sitting of parliament on Wednesday 16th September, 2020 passed The Surveying and Mapping (Amendment) Bill, 2020. The Surveying and Mapping (Amendment) Bill, 2020 is targeted at preventing the printing, displaying, dissemination of or use of an incorrect and unofficial map of Pakistan."

According to the Surveying and Mapping (Amendment) Bill, 2020

Amendment of section 16 (6): No one can print, display, disseminate, use or circulate incorrect and unofficial version of map of Pakistan or any part of Pakistan in hard or digital form. All individuals’ firms, organizations or departments shall get their maps vetted and cleared from Survey of Pakistan before use, publication. dissemination or circulation.

Amendment of section 3 (3): Survey of Pakistan shall be technical department for all activities involving surveying, mapping, geographic information system or remote sensing and geospatial information technologies in the country.

Amendment of section 20 (vi): Any individual, firm, organization or department involved in printing, displaying, disseminating, using or circulating incorrect and unofficial version of map of Pakistan or any part of Pakistan in hard or digital form shall be liable to be imprisoned for a term which may extend up to five years or a fine of five million rupees or both.

Alstom

Alstom is a French company specialized in rail transport. It is based in Saint-Ouen-sur-Seine, France. It is one of the largest rail transport manufacturer in the world.

In 2021, the Group bought the Bombardier Transportation company.

The company was founded in 1928.


Surveying and Mapping Act

The Surveying and Mapping Act was assented to by the President of Pakistan in May 2014 after being passed by the National Assembly in order to regulate geospatial data.

Stan Swamy

Stanislaus Lourduswamy (26 April 1937 – 5 July 2021), popularly known as Stan Swamy, was an Indian Roman Catholic priest. He was a member of the Jesuit order. He was known for his activism for human rights in India. Swamy was the oldest person to be accused of terrorism in India.

Swamy died of COVID-19 related problems at a Mumbai prison on 5 July 2021, aged 84.

Project Pegasus revelations

The Pegasus Project is an international investigative journalism effort to reveal spying abuses by many governments on journalists, opposition politicians, activists, business people and others using the private NSO Group's Pegasus spyware. 

In 2020, a list of over 50,000 phone numbers believed to belong to people known as "people of interest" by clients of the Israeli cyberarms firm NSO Group was leaked to Amnesty International and Forbidden Stories.

This information was passed along to 17 media organisations under the umbrella name "The Pegasus Project". Over several months, over 80 journalists from "The Guardian" (UK), "Le Monde" and Radio France (France), "Die Zeit", "Süddeutsche Zeitung", WDR and NDR (Germany), "The Washington Post" and "Frontline" (United States), "Haaretz" (Israel), "Aristegui Noticias" and "Proceso" (Mexico), "Knack" and "Le Soir" (Belgium), "The Wire" (India), "Daraj" (Syria), Direkt36 (Hungary), and OCCRP investigated the spying abuses.

Some of the journalists and activists that were spied on were Jamal Khashoggi (who was assassinated in 2018), Loujain al-Hathloul and Stan Swamy (convicted Jesuit priest for terrorism).

Magdaléna Vášáryová

Magdaléna Vášáryová (; also known as Magda Vášáryová ; born 26 August 1948) is a Slovak actress and politician. She was ambassador of Czechoslovakia in Austria from 1990 until 1993 and to Poland from 2000 until 2005.

She unsuccessfully ran of President of Slovakia in the 1999 presidential election. In 2006, she was elected to the National Council of the Slovak Republic for Slovak Democratic and Christian Union - Democratic Party.


Loujain al-Hathloul

Loujain al-Hathloul ( "Lujjayn al-Hadhlūl"; born 31 July 1989) is a Saudi women's rights activist, socialite, and a former political prisoner. 

Al-Hathloul has been arrested and released many times for driving in Saudi Arabia, something that is illegal for women to do there.

In March 2019, PEN America announced that Nouf Abdulaziz, al-Hathloul, and Eman al-Nafjan would receive the 2019 PEN America/Barbey Freedom to Write Award. Al-Hathloul was named one of "Time" magazine's "100 Most Influential People of 2019". Al-Hathloul was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 2019 and 2020. 

She was released from prison on 10 February 2021.

Blue Origin NS-16

NS-16 was a sub-orbital spaceflight mission operated by Blue Origin which flew on 20 July 2021. The mission was the sixteenth flight of the company's New Shepard spacecraft, and its first crewed flight. It carried into space American billionaire and Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos, his brother Mark, pilot and Mercury 13 candidate Wally Funk and Dutch passenger Oliver Daemen. The flight began from Blue Origin's sub-orbital launch site in West Texas. 

NS-16 was the first human spaceflight from the U.S. state of Texas. On this flight Daemen and Funk, who were respectively 18 and 82 years old, became the youngest and oldest people to travel to space.

New Shepard

New Shepard is a vertical-takeoff, vertical-landing (VTVL), crew-rated suborbital launch vehicle created by Blue Origin as a way to boost space tourism.

In 2021, the first fully automated spaceflight with civilian passengers, was launched with a New Shepard rocket.

The name New Shepard is named after the first American astronaut in space, Alan Shepard, one of the original NASA Mercury Seven astronauts.

As of 2023's fourth quarter, the last flight with a crew, was done in August 2022.

Blue Origin planned its first crewed test flight - Blue Origin NS-16 - to occur in 2019, which was however delayed until 2021.

The first passenger flew on 20 July 2021 having purchased the seat at auction for $28 million; however, this auction passenger later dropped out and 18-year-old Oliver Daemen was selected to fly.

Mercury Seven

The Mercury Seven were the group of seven astronauts selected to fly spacecraft for Project Mercury. They are also known as the Original Seven and Astronaut Group 1.

Their names were publicly announced by NASA on April 9, 1959. These seven original American astronauts were Scott Carpenter, Gordon Cooper, John Glenn, Gus Grissom, Wally Schirra, Alan Shepard, and Deke Slayton. 

All of the Mercury Seven eventually flew in space. They piloted the six spaceflights of the Mercury program that had an astronaut on board from May 1961 to May 1963, and members of the group flew on all of the NASA human spaceflight programs of the 20th century—Mercury, Gemini, Apollo, and the Space Shuttle.

Gordon Cooper

Leroy Gordon "Gordo" Cooper Jr. (March 6, 1927 – October 4, 2004) was an American aerospace engineer, test pilot, United States Air Force pilot, and the youngest of the seven original astronauts in Project Mercury, the first human space program of the United States.

Cooper died at age 77 from heart failure at his home in Ventura, California, on October 4, 2004.

Pebble Beach, California

Pebble Beach is an unincorporated community on the Monterey Peninsula in Monterey County, California.

Wally Schirra

Walter Marty Schirra Jr. (, March 12, 1923 – May 3, 2007) was an American naval aviator, test pilot, and NASA astronaut. In 1959, he became one of the original seven astronauts chosen for Project Mercury.

In October 1968, he commanded Apollo 7, an 11-day low Earth orbit shakedown test of the three-man Apollo Command/Service Module and the first crewed launch for the Apollo program.

Schirra died on May 3, 2007, of a heart attack caused by stomach cancer in San Diego, California. He was 84 years old.

Forced Labour Convention

Forced Labour Convention is one of the eight ILO conventions. It was adopted in Geneva 28 June 1930 and was entered in force on 1 May 1932.

James McEachin

James McEachin (born May 20, 1930) is an American former actor and author. He was born in Rennert, North Carolina and was raised in Hackensack, New Jersey. His career lasted from 1966 until 2007. He is known for his military service during the Korean War. 

Rennert, North Carolina

Rennert is a town in Robeson County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 275 at the 2020 census.

Philip Carey

Philip Carey (born Eugene Joseph Carey, July 15, 1925February 6, 2009) was an American actor. He was born in Hackensack, New Jersey. His career lasted from 1951 until 2008. He was known for his role as Asa Buchanan in the soap opera "One Life to Live".

Carey died on February 6, 2009 in New York City from lung cancer, aged 83.

Malverne, New York

Malverne is a village in the town of Hempstead in Nassau County, New York, United States. The population was 8,560 at the 2020 census.

Deke Slayton

Donald Kent "Deke" Slayton (March 1, 1924 – June 13, 1993) was a United States Air Force pilot, aeronautical engineer, and test pilot who was selected as one of the original NASA Mercury Seven astronauts. He went on to become NASA's first Chief of the Astronaut Office and Director of Flight Crew Operations.

Slayton died on June 13, 1993 in League City, Texas from brain cancer, aged 69.

Clear Lake Shores, Texas

Clear Lake Shores is a city in Galveston County, Texas, within the Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 1,258.

Hitchcock, Texas

Hitchcock is a city in Galveston County, Texas, United States. The population was 7,301 at the 2020 census.

Yelena Mizulina

Yelena Mizulina (born December 9, 1954) is a Russian professor, lawyer and politician. She was a member of the Russian Parliament between 1995 and 2003. Beginning in 2007, Mizulina became a member again. She later became the chairperson of the Duma Committee on Family, Women and Children Affairs.

Due to the Crimean crisis, Mizulina was punished by Canada, the United States and Western Europe.

Mizulina was involved with a number of controversial legislative projects. Those included:

Mizulina believes in limiting women's rights to abortion. She pledged to let abortions remain free of charge only under medical reasons or cases involving rape. In all other cases, she believed abortions should be billed to the women seeking such treatments.

Mizulina led an effort to decriminalize domestic violence in Russia. In 2016, she told reporters: "A man beating his wife is less offensive than when a man is humiliated."

Mizulina had strong opinions and views toward United States citizens adopting Russian children. She voted for the Anti-Magnitsky bill. The bill forbids when people in and from the United States adopt Russian children.

Mizulina is against homosexuality and LGBT rights. She is the author for some legislative projects that are directed against "the propaganda of homosexuality." They include the Russian gay propaganda law. She believes the phrase "gays are people too" should be marked as extremist by the Federal Service for Supervision of Consumer Rights Protection and Human Welfare. Mizulina was also in favor of taking children from gay parents, even biological parents.
In June 2012, Mizulina and the Duma Committee put into public a project called "The State Concept of Family Policy Until 2025". This policy proposed several controversial elements. They include:

After the publication of "Concept", it was pointed out that several positions described in it were plagiarized word-for-word from a school report published in free access on the Internet. That in turn was plagiarized from a curriculum of family studies in Tomsk Polytechnic University.

In that same context, Mizulina called for the animated sitcom "South Park" to be removed from Russian airwaves.

Russian political scientist Mark Urnov described laws set in motion by Mizulina as "diverse, but having a single common quality – their capacity to spread intolerance. They are simply a legal expression of the intolerance and the suppression of everything that corresponds to one's personal views in regard to what is right and wrong".

The writer Dmitri Bykov believed Mizulina was "constantly providing a legislative form for things that should remain a question of personal choice, which is far more dangerous than any gay pride parade".

In April 2019, Mizulina was widely quoted for her statements in defense of the Russian Internet censorship laws. Her statements were condemned as Orwellian by several journalists.

Jamaica Beach, Texas

Jamaica Beach is a city in Galveston County, Texas, United States on Galveston Island. As of the 2020 census, the city's population was 1,078. The city is bordered by Galveston to the east and west, the east bay on the north and the Gulf of Mexico to the south.

Seabrook, Texas

Seabrook is a city in Harris County in the U.S. state of Texas, with some parts in Chambers County. The population was 13,618 at the 2020 U.S. census.

Galveston Island

Galveston Island ( ) is an island on the Texas Gulf Coast in the United States, about southeast of Houston. The entire island, except for Jamaica Beach, is within the city limits of the City of Galveston in Galveston County.


Françoise Arnoul

Françoise Arnoul (born Françoise Annette Marie Mathilde Gautsch; 3 June 1931 – 20 July 2021) was an Algerian-born French actress. She was popular during the 1950s. Arnoul was born in Constantine, Algeria. She was known for her roles in "Forbidden Fruit" (1952), "French Cancan" (1954), "Testament of Orpheus" (1960) and "Le Diable et les dix commandements" (1962).

Arnoul died on 20 July 2021 in Paris from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 90.

Rorschach test

The Rorschach test is a psychological test in a form of inkblots on the cards. It is still used. It was named after Swiss psychologist Hermann Rorschach.

The test determines the state of patients and their problems.

Herman Rorschach was not the first who invented this method. Interpretation of inkblots was used in the game Gobolink from the late 19th century. In Europe such games were known as kleksography. 

Then Alfred Binet appeared. He first used it for psychological research. It determined the work of the imagination and consciousness. 

In 1921, Rorschach wrote his main book "Psychodiagnostik" where he described the test. 

Also Austrian psychologist SIgmund Freud showed how psychic expressions of the individual (in speech, dreams, and so on) could be read as signs pointing to unconscious processes. These processes were significant for a fuller and deeper understanding of his personality. Finally, Freud stressed the very earliest experiences of the child in the family as of primary significance in the moulding of personality. 

Similar tests have been devised by American psychologist Wayne H. Holtzman. 

Later the test began to be used in all sorts of speculative ways. Researchers gave the test to Nazi criminals during Nuremberg Trials hoping to find out the psychological roots of mass murder.

Rorschach showed inkblots to many people with the same question: "What might this be?". It showed how people approached the task. It showed also a different perception of people. Some people saw the movement on the pictures, some not. 

Usually inkblots pictures are shown secretly to make the patients' responses spontaneous. 

Rorschach test is used in many films, TV series, books, comics.



Flag of Kernow

The Celtic flag of Kernow is a white cross, called the Saint Piran's Cross, on a black background.

Saint Piran's Flag

The Saint Piran's Cross, also called the Cross of Saint Piran, is a white cross on a black background. After the middle ages, it became associated with Saint Piran. The earliest known description of the flag as the Standard of Cornwall was written in 1838. It is used by some Cornish people as a symbol of their identity.

The flag is attributed to Saint Piran, a 5th-century Cornish abbot. One early use of a white cross and black background design is the 15th-century coat of arms of the Saint-Peran family.


Jimmy Workman

James Christopher Workman (born October 4, 1980) is a retired American child actor whose roles include Pugsley Addams in "The Addams Family" and "Addams Family Values". He is the older brother of Ariel Winter.

East Jerusalem

East Jerusalem (Hebrew: מזרח ירושלים, "Mizraḥ Yerushalayim;" , "al-Quds ash-Sharqiya") is the eastern part of Jerusalem that was occupied and then annexed by Jordan after the 1947–1949 Palestine war. Israel got control of it, along with the West Bank, after the Six-Day War. The Palestinian National Authority claims East Jerusalem as it's capital city, however, all of Jerusalem is still under Israel's control.

The Old City of Jerusalem is in East Jerusalem. Many of the most famous and most important landmarks for Jews, Muslims, and Christians are in the Old City.

Carel Struycken

Carel Struycken (born 30 July, 1948) is a Dutch film, television and stage actor. He is known for playing The Giant in the television series Twin Peaks (1990-1991, 2017), the occasional guest role as Mr. Homn in (1987-1992), and the household butler Lurch in the three 1990s Addams Family films. He also appeared in the films Gerald's Game (2017) and Doctor Sleep (2019).

British Indian passport

The British Indian passport was a passport, proof of national status and travel document issued to British subjects of the British Indian Empire, British subjects from other parts of the British Empire, and the subjects of the British protected states in the Indian subcontinent (i. e. the British Protected Persons of the 'princely states'). The title of the state used in the passport was the "Indian Empire", which covered all of India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, and Burma.

The use of the passport was discontinued after the independence of India and Pakistan in 1947, and its bearers were entitled to opt for Indian, Pakistani or British nationality.

The use of passports was introduced to the British Raj after the First World War.

The "Indian Passport Act of 1920" required the use of passports, established controls on the foreign travel of Indians, and foreigners travelling to and within the Presidencies and Provinces of British India. The passport was based on the format agreed upon by the 1920 League of Nations International Conference on Passports.


Indian passport

An Indian passport is issued by the Indian Ministry of External Affairs (India) to Indian citizens for the purpose of international travel. It enables the bearer to travel internationally and serves as proof of Indian citizenship as per the Passports Act (1967). 

Contemporary ordinary Indian passports have deep bluish cover with golden coloured printing. The Emblem of India is displayed in the centre of the front cover. The words "भारत गणराज्य" in Devanagari and "Republic of India" are written above the Emblem whereas "पासपोर्ट" in Devanagari and "Passport" in English are written below the emblem. 

Republic Day (India)

Republic Day is a national holiday in India, when the country marks and celebrates the date on which the Constitution of India came into effect on 26, January 1950, replacing the Government of India Act (1935) as the governing document of India and thus, turning the nation into a newly formed republic. The day also marks the transition of India from an autonomous Commonwealth realm with British Monarch as nominal head of the Indian Dominion, to a fully sovereign Commonwealth republic with the President of India as the nominal head of the Indian Union.

Religion in India

Religions of India is characterised by a diversity of various religious beliefs and numerous practices. The most popular religion in India is Hinduism, and the second most popular religion is Islam. The religions of Hinduism, Buddhism, Sikhism, and Jainism began in India.

Languages of India

There is no national language in India. There are various official languages in India at the state/territory level. However, 343(1) of the Indian constitution specifically mentions that, "The official language of the Union shall be Hindi in Devanagari script. The form of numerals to be used for the official purposes of the Union shall be the international form of Indian numerals." The business in Indian parliament can only be transacted in Hindi or in English. English is allowed to be used in official purposes such as parliamentary proceedings, judiciary, communications between the Central Government and a State Government.

The Constitution lists 22 scheduled languages of India: Assamese, Bengali, Bodo, Dogri, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Kashmiri, Konkani, Maithili, Malayalam, Manipuri, Marathi, Nepali, Odia, Punjabi, Sanskrit, Santali, Sindhi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu.



Bangladeshi passport

After the so-called Pakistan Civil War (1971), Act Number 9 of 1973 (called The Bangladesh Passport Order, 1973) which was signed into effect by the President of the People's Republic of Bangladesh, on 8 February 1973, this led to the creation and issuing of the first passport of a newly separatist Bangladesh. These passport booklets were traditional, handwritten or manual, passports and were compliant with the relevant international laws and regulations in force at the time. Subsequently, additional laws were enacted in Bangladesh in the years that followed to improve the passport application process; enforce the ineligibility to hold multiple valid Bangladeshi passports; citizenship requirement for a passport; etc. Since 1972 a special passport, also known as the India-Bangladesh Special Passport, used to be issued to Bangladeshi citizens and Indian nationals resident in West Bengal State and the North-Eastern States of India only.

Bangladeshi passport covers are dark green, with the Seal of the Government of Bangladesh emblazoned in gold in the centre of the front cover. The word "পাসপোর্ট" (Bengali) and "Passport" (English) are inscribed above the Seal. Below the Seal "গণপ্রজাতন্ত্রী বাংলাদেশ" (Bengali); "People's Republic of Bangladesh" (English); and the international e-passport symbol () are inscribed.

Christopher Hart (actor)

Christopher Hart (born February 22, 1961) is a Canadian actor and magician whose roles include Thing, the disembodied hand, in the 1991, 1993 and 1998 movies "The Addams Family", "Addams Family Values", and "Addams Family Reunion".

Dangerous goods

Dangerous goods (DG in short) are substances that when transported pose risk to health, safety, property and the environment. Certain dangerous goods pose risk even when not being transported. These are known as hazardous materials (HAZMAT or hazmat for short).

Hazardous material is often subject under chemical regulations. Examples of dangerous goods are biological hazards, flammable, explosive material, corrosive substances and allergens.

Packing groups are used for the purpose of determining the degree of protective packaging required for dangerous goods during transportation.

Permit cards or licenses that are used with hazmat training must be shown if requested by officials.

The transportation of dangerous goods (hazardous material) in Canada by road is normally a province jurisdiction. The federal government in Canada have jurisdiction over air, most marine and most rail transport. The federal government acting centrally created the federal transportation of dangerous goods and regulations. Creation of the federal regulations was coordinated under Transport Canada. The hazard classification is based under the UN model.

The European Union passed several directives and regulations. They did so for avoiding wide-spreading and for restricting the use of hazardous substances. The most important ones were the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive and the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals.

The European law clearly tells the difference between the law of dangerous goods and the law of hazardous material. The earlier refers mainly to the transport of the respective goods. That includes interim storage, if caused by the transport. The latter refers to requirements of storage (which would include the warehousing) and usage of hazardous materials. The difference is very important, because different directives and orders of European law are applied.

For reasons involving increases in terrorism just after the September 11 attacks in 2001, funding for greater hazmat-handling went up across the United States. It was recognized that flammable, poisonous and explosive material could be used for further terrorist attacks.

The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulates hazardous materials, for they may impact a community and an environment.

White-black tree frog

Carrizo's tree frog, the Paku Khara tree frog, or white-black tree frog ("Boana albonigra") is a frog that lives in the Andes mountains, in Brazil, Peru, and Argentina. Further north, people have seen it between 1650 and 3416 meters above sea level. Further south, people have seen it between 500 and 1640 meters above sea level.

Caracol, Haiti

Caracol is a commune in Haiti. It is in the Trou-du-Nord Arrondissement. As of 2003, 6,236 people live in Caracol.

Pakistani passport

Pakistani passports () are passports issued by the Government of Pakistan to Pakistani citizens and nationals for the purpose of international travel. They are issued by the Directorate General of Immigration & Passports (DGIP) of the Ministry of Interior from regional passport offices and the Pakistani Embassies and Consulates. Since January 2014, Pakistani passports have validity for 5 and 10 years. Under national law, Pakistani passports are explicitly invalid for all travel to the State of Israel, and Pakistani nationals are likewise strictly barred from travelling to the Jewish state under all circumstances. Pakistan is the only country in the world that does not recognize Armenia as a state. In 2019 after an interview with WION, Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan has stated that Armenia supports India in the Kashmir conflict between India and Pakistan. Therefore travelling to Hayastan is not permitted there either.

Ordinary Pakistani passports have a deep green cover with golden-coloured content. The Emblem of Pakistan is emblazoned in the center of the front cover. The words 'Islamic Republic of Pakistan' (English) are inscribed above the emblem and ", " and 'Passport' (English) are inscribed below the emblem.

Pakistan formerly issued a special Hajj passport to Pakistani nationals making an Islamic pilgrimage known as Hajj to Mecca, Saudi Arabia. These are no longer issued, and ordinary Pakistani passports may now be used for this purpose.


John Franklin (actor)

John Franklin (born John Paul Salapatek; June 16, 1959) is an American actor, writer and former school teacher. He is best known for playing Isaac Chroner in "Children of the Corn" (1984) and Cousin Itt in "The Addams Family". He was born John Paul Salapatek in Blue Island, Illinois, a southern suburb of Chicago on June 16, 1959. Franklin was born with dwarfism. As a result he is "barely 5 feet" and is about 152 centimeters tall.

Kalani Hilliker

Kalani Brooke Hilliker (born September 23, 2000) is an American dancer, fashion designer, model and actress. She became famous in 2013 on the Lifetime reality series "Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition". Sne later appeared on "Dance Moms". She was a regular cast member from 2014 to 2017.

Pakistan Zindabad, Azadi Paendabad

Pakistan Zindabad ( — ; meaning, "Victory to Pakistan") and Azadi (Persian: آزادی - Āzādī), from Persian, meaning freedom or liberty. Paa-in-da-bad literally means "Last forever" is a slogan used by Pakistanis as an expression of victory or patriotism, often used in political speeches. Its use started even before the creation of Pakistan, during the later phase of the Pakistan Movement. The slogan became a battle cry and greeting for the Muslim League, which was struggling for an independent country for the Muslims of Southern Asia.

The slogan is a use of the standard Urdu and Persian suffix "Zindabad" ("Long Live") that is placed after a person or a country name. It is used to express victory, patriotism or as a prayer. In literal translation, "Pakistan Zindabad" means "Long Live Pakistan"; it also is rendered as "Victory to Pakistan".

On 14 August 1947, Muhammad Ali Jinnah's motorcade was welcomed by shouts of "Pakistan Zindabad", "Quaid-e-Azam Zindabad" and flower petals all along his way from the Governor General's residence to the Constituent Assembly building and back, where he attended the Proclamation of Independence and a hoisting ceremony of the Pakistan flag.


Shivaharkaray

Shivaharkaray or Karavipur is a Shakti Peeth of Hindu Goddess Durga, located near Parkai Railway Station, Karachi, Pakistan. It is one of the three Shakti Peethas in Pakistan, other two being Hinglaj Mata mandir and Sharada Peeth.Puranas describe that the three eyes (the third eye) of the Goddess fell here after she committed Sati. The Goddess is worshipped as Mahishasuramardini, or the slayer of the Demon Mahishasur. Her consort, the Hindu God Shiva, is worshipped in Ragi form as Krodhish, personification of anger. Shivaharkaray is third in the list of 51 Peethas identified in the Puranas.

Lichess

Lichess is free and open-source Internet chess server. The chess server is run by a non-profit organization, which is also called Lichess. The Lichess chess server was created in 2010. 

In April 2021, the United States Chess Federation reviewed how Lichess deals with cheating in online chess. After this review, it endorsed Lichess as a secure place to play chess for its members.

Lichess runs tournaments called Titled Arenas, in which only players who have a title are able to play. As of February 2021, World Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen has the most Titled Arena wins, with 15.


Baltimore Museum of Art

The Baltimore Museum of Art is an art museum in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. It was founded in 1914. 

Apis cerana indica

The Indian honey bee "(Apis cerana indica)", is a subspecies of Asiatic honey bee. It is one of the predominant bees found and domesticated in Southern Asia, particularly in Pakistan, and far as Thailand and mainland Asia. Relatively non-aggressive and rarely exhibiting swarming behaviour, it is ideal for beekeeping. It is considered as the "“National Insect of Pakistan”" respectively.

It is similar to the European honey bee ("Apis mellifera"), which tends to be slightly larger and can be easily distinguished.

Faith, Unity, Discipline

Faith, Unity, Discipline () is the national motto of Pakistan. It is regarded as the guiding principle of Pakistan's nationhood.

Upon the formal Independence of Pakistan, it was introduced and adopted as the national motto by the country's founder Muhammad Ali Jinnah. It is inscribed in Urdu at the base of the state emblem.


Himalayan salt

Himalayan salt, also known as Himalayan Pink salt, comes from the northern Punjab region of Pakistan. It is rock salt or halite with a pinkish color from minerals. People use it in cooking, as a table salt replacement, and for decoration or spa treatments. Many like it for its health benefits because it's full of minerals. It's mined in the Salt Range mountains of Pothohar plateau, not the Himalayas, even though it's called Himalayan salt.

It is also used to make "salt lamps" that radiate a pinkish or orangish light, manufactured by placing a light source within the hollowed-out interior of a block of Himalayan salt. Claims that their use results in the release of ions that benefit health are without foundation.

The pink color of Himalayan salt comes from iron oxide impurities. It is mined from the Salt Range mountains in the southern part of the Pothohar Plateau, south of the Himalayas in Pakistan. Himalayan salt is obtained from a thick layer of Ediacaran to early Cambrian evaporites in the Salt Range Formation. This geological formation includes crystalline halite mixed with potash salts, covered by gypsiferous marl, and interlayered with gypsum and dolomite beds, along with occasional seams of oil shale. 

These formations in the Pothohar Plateau date back to 600-540 million years ago. Over time, these strata and the succeeding Cambrian to Eocene sedimentary rocks were pushed southward and eroded, forming the Salt Range. The highest peak in this range is Sakaser, standing at 1522 m. Commercial salt mining has been ongoing here since at least the 16th century, with active salt mines in Khewra, Warcha, Kalabagh, and Jatta.

Legend has it that the Khewra deposit was discovered by horses in Alexander the Great's army, but historical records trace mining back to the Janjua clan of Punjabis in the 1200s. The Khewra salt mine is the second-largest salt mine in the world.

Analysis of Himalayan pink salt samples show that they are mostly 96% to 99% sodium chloride, with small amounts of calcium, iron, zinc, chromium, magnesium, and sulfur, all within safe levels below 1%. However, some salts from Pakistan need purification before use in food or industry because of impurities. Salt crystals from this area can be off-white to transparent, while certain veins may have a pink, reddish, or beet-red color due to trace minerals.

Nutritionally, Himalayan salt is much like regular table salt. A study in Australia found that Himalayan salt contains higher levels of various elements, including calcium, iron, magnesium, manganese, potassium, aluminum, barium, silicon, and sulfur, and lower sodium levels compared to table salt. However, the study suggested that consuming "exceedingly high amounts" (almost 600% more than the recommended daily salt intake) would be needed for these differences to matter. At such high levels, any potential nutritional benefits would be outweighed by the risks of consuming too much sodium. One crucial difference is in iodine content. Many table salts are iodine-supplemented, helping prevent iodine deficiency disorders. Himalayan salt lacks this iodine supplementation.

Lena Raine

Lena Raine is a composer and producer who lives in Seattle. 

She has made music for many different video games, such as Minecraft, , and Celeste.

Embassy of the United States, London

The Embassy of the United States of America in London is the head of diplomacy of the United States in the United Kingdom. It is the largest American embassy in Western Europe and the focal point for events relating to the United States held in the United Kingdom.

There has been an American person to represent the United States in London since John Adams in 1785. The ambassador's home has been Winfield House since 1955. The main embassy building is in Nine Elms, Battersea, London, by the River Thames and has been opened to everyone since 13 December 2017, and was officially opened in January 2018. Before the embassy moved into the current building, the main building was in Grosvenor Square, Westminster, London.

Univision (Latin America)

Univision is a Latin American subscription television channel from Mexico and the United States. It is owned by Grupo Televisa and Univision Communications, It is operated through its subsidiary Televisa Networks. Broadcasts began on March 30, 2016.

On January 21, 2016, it was announced that Univision Communications, in conjunction with Televisa Networks, plan to launch a channel based on Univision's signal, which will be available throughout Latin America. The signal will be operated by Televisa Networks, who will also be in charge of distribution and sales throughout the region.

On Monday, March 30, 2016, the signal went on the air, completing 70% of Univision's original and simultaneous programming. The rest will be completed for Televisa's original content.

On May 3, 2017, Univision entered DirecTV's offering on channel 760.


Nut butter

A nut butter is a type of spread. It is made by grinding dry roasted nuts until the fat separates. Different nut butters have different textures and flavours. The most commonly known nut butter in the United States is peanut butter.

Any nut can be used to make a nut butter. Here are some examples.


Some seeds with enough fat (e.g. from sunflowers, sesame, and pumpkins) are also used to make something similar.

Takht-i-Bahi

Takht-I-Bahi (), commonly mispronounced as Takht-I-Bhai (), is an Indo-Parthian archaeological site of an ancient Buddhist monastery in Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The site is considered among the most imposing relics of Buddhism in all of Gandhara, and has been "exceptionally well-preserved."
The Buddhist monastery was founded in the 1st century CE, and was in use until the 7th century. The complex is regarded by archaeologists as being particularly representative of the architecture of Buddhist monastic centres from its era. Takht-i-Bahi was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1980. Therefore they can be considered as the ""National Buddhist Temple of Pakistan"", a potential Sacred Pilgrimage site, for All-Universal Buddhists Yatris respectively.

There are four main areas of the Takht Bahi complex:

Additional structures on the site may have served as residences or meeting halls, or for secular purposes. All of the buildings on the site are constructed from local stone, and are mortared with lime and mud.

The word Takht-I-Bahi may have different explanations. Local believes that site got its name from two wells on the hill or the springs nearby. In Persian, "Takht" means 'top' or 'throne' while "Bahi" means 'spring' or 'water'. When combined together its meaning is 'spring from the top' or 'high spring', and there were two springs on the top of mountains. Another meaning suggested is 'throne of origin'.

Ostrich egg

Ostrich eggs are eggs from ostriches. It can be used in different ways. It is known to be the biggest egg of any bird. The weight of one ostrich egg is about . 

Ostrich eggs are usually eaten as a luxury food.

Oat milk

Oat milk is a type of grain milk. It is made by blending whole grain oats with water and optional flavours. Its glycemic index is similar to regular oats.

As of 2020, the value of the oat milk market is about US$3.7 billion.

Punjabi calendar

The Punjabi Calendar, Pakistani Seasonal Calendar or the Desi Calendar (Punjabi:پنجابی کیلنڈر) is a Solar calendar used by the Punjabi people of Pakistan. The Punjabi new year starts on the first of Vaisakh month. Punjabi Sikhs in India use the Nanakshahi calendar, which is a variant of this calendar.

The Punjabi Muslims in Pakistan also use the Islamic Hijri calendar. Some festivals in Punjab, Pakistan are determined by the Punjabi calendar, such as Muharram which is celebrated twice, once according to the Muslim year and again on the 10th of harh/18th of jeth. The Bikrami calendar is the one the rural (agrarian) population follows in Punjab, Pakistan.


Richard Howe, 1st Earl Howe

Admiral Lord Richard Howe, 1st Earl Howe was a British fighter and nobleman.

Richard Howe was born in 1726. His parents were Emmanuel and Charlotte Howe. He had three brothers, George, William, and Thomas. Howe's mother Charlotte was related to the royal family. Her mother, Sophia von Kielmannsegg, was a king's daughter by a mistress. So Charlotte was King George I's niece through his half-sister. Sir Nathanial Wrahall said that Richard Howe looked like King George I.

Emmaneul Howe died when Richard Howe was about eight years old. He died while he was governor of Barbados. Charlotte was Lady of the Bedchamber to King George III's mother, Princess Augusta.

George and William Howe both went into the army and became generals. Richard Howe went into the navy and became Fleet Admiral. Thomas Howe worked for the East India Company.

Richard Howe joined the British Navy in 1757. He became a Rear Admiral and Vice Admiral during the Seven Years' War. During this time, he became the 4th Viscount Howe.

Richard Howe was a peace commissioner for the British. He met with George Washington to talk about avoiding a war, but the talks did not work out. After that, Howe took command of the British Navy to stop the rebellion. Howe took 400 ships, to Staten Island Harbor and forced the Continental Army to run away from New York. At the time, this was the largest fleet in the history of the British Navy.

After the French joined the war in 1778, Howe won battles even after he was outnumbered. When British Admiral John Byron showed up, Howe went back to England. He resigned his position because he did not like Lord North.

Richard Howe did rejoin the navy to fight against France and Spain. In 1782, he was named the first Earl Howe. He fought in Gibraltar in 1782. He was made the first Lord of the Admiralty in 1783 and held the post until 1788. He was Vice Admiral of England from 1792 to 1796. In 1794, he defeated the French near Ushant. This victory was called the Glorious First of June.

In 1803, Sir John Barrow said: 

"[H]is countenance was of a serious cast, strongly marked and dark; at the same time there was a shyness and awkwardness in his manner, … [but] the expression of his features [soon] assumed a very different and an animated character, assuming that benign aspect which corresponded with his disposition."

He died in 1799.

The Hound of the Baskervilles (1959 movie)

The Hound of the Baskervilles is a 1959 British mystery horror movie directed by Terence Fisher and was based on the 1902 novel of the same name by Arthur Conan Doyle and was the first adaption to be made in colour. It stars Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee, André Morell, Marla Landi, David Oxley, Miles Malleson, Sam Kydd, Helen Goss, Ewen Solon and was distributed by United Artists.

Dr. Richard Mortimer recounts to Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson the legend of the ghost hound that killed the devilish Sir Hugo Baskerville for his murder of the daughter of a servant. He asks Holmes to investigate the death of his friend Sir Charles Baskerville, in Dartmoor, from heart failure, lying in the moor surrounding his estate, Baskerville Hall, with a look of horror on his face. Mortimer fears for the life of Sir Henry, who's just come from South Africa to take possession of his inheritance and of Baskerville Hall.

Although sceptical, Holmes and Watson accept to meet Sir Henry, who is young and bold, but in truth suffers from a congenital heart problem. A incident with a tarantula convinces Holmes that Sir Henry's life is indeed in danger, and, busy with a prior commitment, he chooses to despatch Watson to Dartmoor with Mortimer and Sir Henry. Holmes reminds Sir Henry not to go out onto the nearby moor after dark.

On their way to Baskerville Hall, the trio is warned by the coach driver Perkins that a murderous convict named Selden has escaped from nearby Dartmoor Prison and is hiding on the moor. At Baskerville Hall, Sir Henry gets acquainted with his new house, helped by the butler, Mr. Barrymore, and his wife. On the walls stands a portrait Sir Hugo. A second portrait of Sir Hugo is missing, and the Barrymores are unable to offer any explanation.

The next day, Sir Henry and Watson walk around to see the neighborhood. At the nearby village, they meet the comedic local pastor, Bishop Frankland, who is also a keen entomologist. While crossing the moor, Watson finds the Grimpen Mire and Watson gets trapped in a patch of quicksand. Two people come to help, a man named Stapleton and his daughter Cecille, a wild girl who immediately bewitches Sir Henry.

One night, Watson sees a light in the moor. He and Sir Henry go out to investigate, but a strange man rushes by in the shadows, then a distant hound howls, upsetting Sir Henry so much that he suffers a heart condition. Watson spots a man silhouetted on a hill in the distance, while he helps Sir Henry back to Baskerville Hall. Watson finds the silhouetted figure to be Holmes, who has concealed his own arrival to investigate more freely. After his death, Holmes and Watson find the corpse of the convict Selden, mutilated in a ritual, while wearing clothes belonging to Sir Henry, and the legendary curved dagger used by Sir Hugo. This clue exposes the Barrymores, who confess to have helped the escapee, who was their relative, by supplying food and other provisions each time he signalled with a light from his hideout. However, Holmes has evidence that neither the Barrymores nor Selden are connected to the death of Sir Charles, so he keeps on searching for clues to confirm the existence of the mysterious hound and the identity of its masters.

Facing personal danger in an abandoned copper mine, and thanks to the stolen portrait of Sir Hugo, Holmes is able to guess the Stapletons are illegitimate descendants of Sir Hugo and are next in line to inherit the Baskerville fortune and mansion if all of the Baskervilles perish. Holmes deduces this after questioning Barrymore about the missing portrait; it was stolen because it revealed the fingers on Sir Hugo's right hand were webbed just like Stapleton's. Cecile takes Sir Henry out onto the same place where, according to the legend, the ghost hound had killed Sir Hugo. Holmes and Watson arrive just in time to hear Cecile reveal her intentions to a horrified Sir Henry. The dog attacks Sir Henry. Stapleton attacks with the dagger, but Watson shoots and wounds him. Holmes shoots the dog; it then turns on Stapleton and mauls him to death. Cecille flees after Holmes kills the beast, revealing it to be a Great Dane wearing a hideous mask to make it look more terrifying. Cecile accidentally falls into the mire and sinks to her death. Holmes and Watson take a shocked Sir Henry back to Baskerville Hall.

There are several significant changes in plot details. Among them:

The Conan Doyle Estate did not approve of the changes made to suit Hammer's more horror-centric success. Cushing, however, took no objection to the changes as he felt the character of Holmes remained intact.

Cushing was an aficionado of Sherlock Holmes and brought his knowledge to the project. He reread the stories, made detailed notes in his script and sought to portray Holmes closer to his literary counterpart. It was Cushing's suggestion that the mantlepiece feature Holmes' correspondence transfixed to it with a jackknife as per the original stories. However, when producer Anthony Hinds suggested excluding the famous deerstalker Cushing objected, saying Holmes' headgear and pipes would be expected by the audience. Cushing scrutinised the costumes and screenwriter Peter Bryan's script, often altering words or phrases. Lee later claimed to be awestruck by Cushing's ability to incorporate many different props and actions into his performance simultaneously, whether reading, smoking a pipe, drinking whiskey, filing through papers or other things while portraying Holmes. Morell was particularly keen that his portrayal of Watson should be closer to that originally depicted in Conan Doyle's stories, and away from the bumbling stereotype established by Nigel Bruce's interpretation of the role.

David Oxley had an extraordinarily powerful voice that he used to great effect, being able to fill an auditorium without the aid of microphones, and seen to best effect as Hugo Baskerville.

The Evil of Frankenstein

The Evil of Frankenstein is a 1964 British Hammer horror movie directed by Freddie Francis and is the third movie in the "Hammer's Frankenstein" series. It stars Peter Cushing, Duncan Lamont, Kiwi Kingston, Peter Woodthorpe, Sandor Elès, Howard Goorney and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


In the Cut (movie)

In the Cut is a 2003 American Australian British French erotic thriller movie directed by Jane Campion and was based on the 1995 novel of the same name by Susanna Moore. It stars Meg Ryan, Mark Ruffalo, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Patrice O'Neal, Kevin Bacon.


Lost in Translation (movie)

Lost in Translation is a 2003 American movie directed by Sofia Coppola. The movie stars Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson.

Baywatch (movie)

Baywatch is a 2017 American action-comedy movie. It was adapted off the television series of the same name.

Principal photography started on February 22, 2016 across Florida and Savannah, Georgia. "Baywatch" was released in May 2017. The movie got substandard reviews from the critics, mostly for its crude humor and character developments. However, it had a box office intake of just over $58 million in the United States. It made another $119.8 million in several other territories. The total box office intake was around $177.8 million. The movie's budget was $69 million. "Baywatch" was given five nominations in the 38th Golden Raspberry Awards. The categories were the Worst Prequel, Remake, Rip-off or Sequel, the Worst Screenplay, the Razzie Nominee So Rotten You Loved It and the Worst Picture. 

"Baywatch" received an approval rating of only 17% under Rotten Tomatoes. Critics from the movie judging site said: ""Baywatch" takes its source material's jiggle factor to R-rated levels, but lacks the original's campy charm – and leaves its charming stars flailing in the shallows." It received a rating of 37 out of 100 under Metacritic. That meant "generally unfavorable reviews.".

Writing for the "Rolling Stone" magazine, Peter Travers was happy with the "easy rapport" from Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron. Travers stated, though, "what [the film] needs more is a functional script". Travers rated the movie two out of four stars. He then said: "Think of yourself sitting down for a big two-hour wallow in instant stupid with a vat of popcorn, slathered in fake butter and possibly a mound of melted M&Ms on top. It feels great chugging it down, then your stomach hurts, your head aches and you puke the whole thing up so you can forget about it in the morning. That's "Baywatch" in a nutshell." Owen Gleiberman from the "Variety" magazine called it "stupidly entertaining... for a while". He was, however, not impressed with the movie's plot.

NBA 2K19

NBA 2K19 is a NBA basketball game for the Xbox One, including other platforms.

Macross Digital Mission VF-X

Macross Digital Mission VF-X is a 3D shooting game developed by UNiT and published by Bandai Visual for the Sony Playstation, released on February 28, 1997. The game takes place a year after the events of the "Macross 7" television series and follows the VF-X Ravens unit. The game was followed by a sequel, "Macross VF-X2" in September 2, 1999.

This is a shooting game based on the series, and is a wholly original setting not based on any previous works or series. It is set one year after "Macross 7". The game was initially planned as a fully polygonal 3D shooter, and the Sony PlayStation perfectly suited the game's ambition in terms of graphics.

Development began in 1995. The development involves the main creators of the Macross series, such as Shōji Kawamori (Valkyrie Design, Supervisor), Kazutaka Miyatake (Ship / Mecha Design), Haruhiko Mikimoto (Main Character Design). The game was noted for including the transformable modes of the VF-4 Lightning III, which had only been previously seen as a fighter on "The Super Dimension Fortress Macross: Flash Back 2012".

Until the game's development, Macross-related games were released on family computers, PC engines and arcades without the involvement of Shōji Kawamori. Kawamori was uninterested in video game development at that point because he could only do 2D, but he had become interested when he learned the game was being made in 3D for the Sony Playstation.

In A.D. 2047, the five member idol group "Milky Dolls", who had been scheduled to participate in the next "ZENTRADI sound project", are abducted by unknown hostile force during a U.N. Spacy commemorative ceremony. Escaping in a camouflaged spaceship, the abductors folded to the planet Elysion.

The U.N. Spacy high command then orders the VF-X Ravens and the crew of the Valhalla III to rescue the Milky Dolls and uncover the identity of the mysterious armed force. They turn out to be a rogue Zentradi militia.

A series of missions takes place in the game under "Operation Orpheus". The enemies of the VF-X Ravens are primarily rogue Zentradi forces, consisting of Battle Pods










The game received fairly negative reviews. Gamespot saying "Macross VF-X looks elegant at times, but ultimately fails to capture the emotion, the excitement, and the sheer visual splendor of its source material.", citing how the game featured lengthy, boring missions and poor control flight mechanics, controls and physics. Many others have criticized the game's horrible audio / sound effects and poor music, which utilized MIDI arrangement. These criticisms would later be rectified in its sequel, "Macross VF-X2".








The Courtneys of Curzon Street

The Courtneys of Curzon Street (also titled The Courtney Affair or Kathy's Love Affair, in the U.S.) is a 1947 British romantic drama movie directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Anna Neagle, Michael Wilding, Daphne Slater, Jack Watling, Michael Medwin, Edgar Norfolk, Edward Rigby, Coral Browne, Thora Hird, Percy Walsh.


Baywatch

Baywatch is an American television series. The show is about lifeguards who look after the beaches of Los Angeles County, California and Hawaii.

The show was canceled after its first season on NBC. However, it was later syndicated. At one time, the series was the most-watched television show in the world. The weekly audience was near 1.1 billion viewers. 

The show ran under its original title and format between 1989 and 1999. Between 1999 and 2001, the cast and setting of the series changed. Its title was then changed to "Baywatch: Hawaii".

In 2017, an action and crime-comedy movie adaptation from the television show was released. The movie got bad reviews from critics. It made around $177.9 million in world revenue.

Macross Plus: Game Edition

Macross Plus Game Edition (マクロスプラス Game Edition "Makurosu Purasu Gemu Edishon") is an action game developed by Takara for the Sony PlayStation, released exclusively in Japan in 2000. It is based off the events of the "Macross Plus" and utilizes excerpts from the OVA as animated cut scenes.


One Day We'll Talk About Today

One Day We'll Talk About Today () is a 2020 Indonesian family drama movie directed by Angga Dwimas Sasongko and was based on the novel of the same name Marcella EP. It stars Rachel Amanda, Rio Dewanto, Oka Antara, Sheila Dara Aisha, Ardhito Pramono, Umay Shahab, Isyana Sarasvati.

Rorschach (character)

Rorschach is a fictional antihero in 1986 graphic novel Watchmen and in the 2009 film at the same name. Rorschach was created by British book writer Alan Moore and artist Dave Gibbons. 

Rorschach was named after Swiss psychiatrist Hermann Rorschach. 

Kleksography

Kleksography is the art of making images of various figures from inkblots. Justinus Kerner was the first who included kleksography in the book of poetry. 

Victor Hugo and George Sand used inkblots in their manuscripts. 

Since 1890, kleksography was used as the tool for work of unconsciousness. The most popular example is Rorschach test. 

The House with a Clock in Its Walls

The House with a Clock in Its Walls is a 2018 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Eli Roth and was based on the 1973 novel of the same name by John Bellairs. It stars Jack Black, Cate Blanchett, Owen Vaccaro, Renée Elise Goldsberry, Sunny Suljic, Colleen Camp, Lorenza Izzo, Kyle MacLachlan and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Here Comes the Boom

Here Comes the Boom is a 2012 American comedy movie directed by Frank Coraci and starring Kevin James, Salma Hayek, Henry Winkler, Greg Germann, Joe Rogan, Gary Valentine, Bas Rutten, Reggie Lane, Melissa Peterman, Bruce Buffer. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Affair in Havana

Affair in Havana is a 1957 American crime thriller movie directed by László Benedek and starring Raymond Burr, John Cassavetes, Sara Shane, Celia Cruz, Miguel Angel Blanco. It was distributed by Allied Artists.


Hear My Song

Hear My Song is a 1991 Irish British comedy movie directed by first time director Peter Chelsom and starring Ned Beatty, Adrian Dunbar, Tara Fitzgerald, David McCallum, Shirley Anne Field, James Nesbitt, John Dair. It was distributed by Miramax Films.


Shamakhi Astrophysical Observatory

Shamakhi Astrophysical Observatory () is an astronomical observatory in the Greater Caucasus Mountains in Shamakhi Rayon in Azerbaijan. The observatory is one of the biggest in the South Caucasus. It is named after the medieval Persian astronomer Nasir al-Din al-Tusi. It is owned and operated by the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences. 

It was built between 1958-1960 during the Soviet era as the main observing site for the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences which is located away in Baku. The observatory is about northwest of the city of Shamakhi. The observatory is at above sea level. It has 150–200 clear, cloudless nights per year, which is the reason why the observatory was built at this location. It has a total of four telescopes. Many comets, asteroids and other astronomical objects were discovered with its telescopes.


Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences

Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences (ANAS) (), located in Baku, is the main state research organization that conducts research and coordinates activities in the fields of science and social sciences in Azerbaijan. It has a network of scientific research institutes across the country. It was established on 23 January 1945 during the Soviet era as the Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan SSR.

Like the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences has two types of membership. The top-level members are academicians (63 scientists, as of 2021). The next-level members are corresponding members (61 scientists, as of 2021).

The main executive figure in the academy is the President of Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences who is elected by members of the Academy.


Sanford, North Carolina

Sanford is a city in and the county seat of Lee County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 30,261 people live in Sanford.

Wake Forest, North Carolina

Wake Forest is a town in Franklin, Granville and Wake counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 47,601 people live in Wake Forest.

Boone, North Carolina

Boone is a town in and the county seat of Watauga County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 19,092 people live in Boone.

Clayton, North Carolina

Clayton is a town in Johnston and Wake counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 26,307 people live in Clayton.

Gatesville, North Carolina

Gatesville is a town in and the county seat of Gates County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 267 people live in Gatesville.

Fuquay-Varina, North Carolina

Fuquay-Varina is a town in Wake County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 34,152 people live in Fuquay-Varina.

Harrisburg, North Carolina

Harrisburg is a town in Cabarrus County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 18,967 people live in Harrisburg.

Hope Mills, North Carolina

Hope Mills is a town in Cumberland County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 17,808 people live in Hope Mills.

Huntersville, North Carolina

Huntersville is a town in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 61,376 people live in Huntersville.

Knightdale, North Carolina

Knightdale is a town in Wake County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 19,435 people live in Knightdale.

Yuzuru Hanyu

Yuzuru Hanyu () is a Japanese Figure skater.

Texas Two-Step

The Texas Two-Step is a dance that originated in 1845 when Texas was first founded. Within 2 months, the founders of Texas (Davie Rocket, John Menger III, Chris Alamo, and Antonio Sanders) adopted the dance as a staple of Texas heritage. Historians still argue about if the dance originated after the successful Battle of the Bulge or the war of 1899 with Houston.

The dance is performed by putting your lead foot behind your support foot while simultaneously twisting your pelvis in a counter-clockwise motion, being sure to point your toes toward your partner. Keep in mind, the entirety of the dance is completed by two Texas sized steps (around 4.2x as large as a standard U.S. step). What follows these two steps is a series of freestyle movements that vary between performers. For example, Davie Rocket adopted the "Hemisfair" movement, where you proceed to grab your partner by the pinky and swing her around your head similar to the motion of a lasso.

The Texas Two-Step and other forms of step related lone star dances have become a cultural staple of the state down under. Bordering states have attempted to plagiarize this dance in ways of their own, but to no avail. For example, Louisiana created the Boot Stompin' Bop, until it faded into obscurity in 1923 after the housing market crash. Arkansas native Dick Rutherford created the Whiskey Slammer Toe Spinner, but 2 minutes into the debut of the dance, Dick was shot in the Golden Monkey Saloon. The only dance to remain a southern tradition as much as the Texas Two-Step, is the Texas Two-Step.

Many notable individuals have been seen in public performing the famous dance. Tom Alamodome, John "Hand-Standin'" Johnson, and Brett were all sighted at Shiner Park performing the moves of the golden days. They were all sighted by Eva Longoria, former Spurs trophy wife.

Death of Mario Gonzalez

On April 19, 2021, Mario Gonzalez, a 26-year-old Latino man was killed by the Alameda Police Department. In their initial report of the incident, the department reported that Gonzalez died after a “scuffle” and “physical altercation” resulting in a “medical emergency.” In body cam footage released on April 27, Gonzalez could be seen being pinned to the ground for more than five minutes after refusing to provide identification, eventually becoming unresponsive. He died in police custody.

Mario Gonzalez (December 24, 1994 – April 19, 2021) was a 26-year-old man from Oakland, California. He was a father and was the primary caretaker of his mother and brother, who has autism.

The officers involved with Gonzalez' death were identified as Eric McKinley, who has been on the force for three years, Cameron Leahy, who has been on the force for three years, and James Fisher, who has been on the force for 10 years. The three men have been placed on paid administrative leave.

An officer approaches Gonzalez at a park after police said they were responding to reports of a man who was believed to be intoxicated and suspected of theft. Gonzalez was in the park with two baskets. Officials asked him to produce his name and identification; Gonzalez does not produce an ID, and an officer states, "Please put your hand behind your back ... please stop resisting us." The officers push Gonzalez into the ground into wood chips, placing a knee on his back and leaving it there for four minutes as an out-of-breath Gonzalez says, "I didn't do nothing." and “Please don’t do this.” Gonzalez loses consciousness, at which point the officers rolled him over and perform CPR. He was pronounced dead.

Alameda city officials launched an independent investigation into Gonzalez' death.

Gonzalez' brother stated, "Everything we saw in that video was unnecessary and unprofessional. The police killed my brother in the same manner that they killed George Floyd." Julia Sherwin, a lawyer representing the Gonzalez family, stated, "His death was completely avoidable and unnecessary. Drunk guy in a park doesn't equal a capital sentence."

CURYJ Executive Director George Galvis stated, “We have seen this play out time and time again. Police come up with a false narrative until footage is revealed and the truth comes out. They did this to 13-year-old Adam Toledo, and they would have done it to George Floyd if there wasn’t community recording.”

Alameda mayor Marilyn Ezzy Ashcraft stated, “I’m just heartsick. This is a young man. This shouldn't have happened."

On Twitter, former-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro wrote, "Police in Alameda, CA wrote in a report that Mario Gonzalez was violent before his arrest and died in the hospital after a 'medical emergency.' Body cam footage shows he was calm and peaceful. He died on-site after they knelt on his back for 5 minutes."

Charuplaya tree frog

The Charuplaya tree frog ("Boana callipleura") is a frog that lives in Bolivia. Scienitsts have seen it between 700 and 2300 meters above sea level.

2032 Summer Olympics

The 2032 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXV Olympiad and commonly known as Brisbane 2032, will be a multi-sport event taking place from 23 July to 8 August 2032, in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. The winning bid was selected and announced by the International Olympic Committee on 21 July 2021, right before the 2020 Summer Olympics due to bidding rule changes. Brisbane was first announced as the preferred bid on 24 February 2021.

The Gabba

The Brisbane Cricket Ground, commonly known as the Gabba, is a major sports stadium in Brisbane, the capital of Queensland, Australia. It has hosted many different sports including athletics, Australian rules football, baseball, concerts, cricket, cycling, rugby league, rugby union, soccer and pony and greyhound racing. From October to March, the stadium hosts cricket matches. The Queensland cricket team and the Brisbane Heat play home matches at the stadium. It is also the home ground of the Brisbane Lions during the Australian Football League (AFL) season.

It will be the main hub for the 2032 Summer Olympics.

Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness

Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is a 2022 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Doctor Strange. The movie is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is a sequel to "Doctor Strange" (2016) and is the 28th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). It premiered at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood on May 2, 2022, and was released in the United States on May 6.

Following the events of "" (2021), Dr. Stephen Strange casts a forbidden spell that opens the door to the multiverse, including an alternate version of Strange, whose threat to humanity is too great for the combined forces of Strange, Wong, and Wanda Maximoff / Scarlet Witch.


Additional members of the Illuminati of Earth-838 include Patrick Stewart as Charles Xavier / Professor X, portraying a different version of the character that he previously played in 20th Century Fox's X-Men movie series; Hayley Atwell as Peggy Carter / Captain Carter, after voicing a similar version of the character in the animated series "What If...?" (2021); Lashana Lynch as Maria Rambeau / Captain Marvel, an alternate version of her character from "Captain Marvel" (2019); Anson Mount as Blackagar Boltagon / Black Bolt, an alternate version of his role from Marvel's ABC television series "Inhumans" (2017); and John Krasinski as Reed Richards / Mister Fantastic, a member of the Fantastic Four. Julian Hilliard and Jett Klyne portray the Earth-838 versions of their respective roles from "WandaVision" (2021) as Maximoff's sons Billy and Tommy, while Topo Wresniwiro reprises his role from the first movie as Hamir, a Master of the Mystic Arts. 

Also appearing in the movie are Adam Hugill as Rintrah, a minotaur-like being from R'Vaal who is a student at Kamar-Taj; and the creature Gargantos, with its design based on the comic book creature Shuma-Gorath. Ross Marquand voices the Ultron drones that appear on Earth-838. Marquand previously voiced a different version of Ultron in "What If...?", replacing James Spader who portrayed the Earth-616 Ultron in "" (2015). Charlize Theron is introduced in the mid-credits scene as Clea, and screenwriter Michael Waldron makes a cameo appearance as a guest at Palmer's wedding. Bruce Campbell, who worked frequently with director Sam Raimi, briefly appears in the main movie and post-credits scene as the vendor of an Earth-838 restaurant called Pizza Poppa.


William Carlos Williams

William Carlos Williams (1883–1963) was an American poet and a medical doctor. His mother was born in Puerto Rico. His father was raised in the Dominican Republic. 

Williams' autobiography was a finalist for the National Book Award in 1952. In 1963 he won the Pulitzer Prize for "Pictures from Brueghel". He also wrote short stories and novels. He was a major writer of modernist literature. He was friends with other important American poets such as Ezra Pound and Allen Ginsberg. 

Some of his famous books are "Kora in Hell" (1920), "Spring and All" (1923), "Pictures from Brueghel and Other Poems" (1962), and the epic poem "Paterson" (1963, 1992).




Castellammare di Stabia

Castellammare di Stabia is an Italian city in Campania. About 65,300 people live there.

Afragola

Afragola is an Italian city in Campania. About 64,400 people live there.

Alpine musk deer

The Alpine musk deer ("Moschus chrysogaster") is a deer that lives in Central Asia. This species is called endangered on the IUCN Red List and it is given first-class protection by the government of China.

The fur of a musk deer is dark brown. They are 0.5 to 0.6 m high and .85 to 1 m long. They weigh 10 to 15 kg. They have long ears and short tails, and the male deer have very long canine teeth that look like tusks.

Male musk deer have musk pods that can weigh 30 to 45 g.

Musk deer can live 12 to 15 years.

Alpine musk deer all leave their feces in the same place. Scientists call this a latrine site. They do this to mark their territory, meaning to show other deer that a place belongs to them.

Alpine musk deer are in danger of dying out because human beings trap them. Like other musk male deer, male Alpine musk deer have musk pods that people use musk pods to make perfumes and in traditional medicines. When people set traps for male musk deer, they trap and kill female musk deer and fawns too. In the 21st century, one kilogram of musk pod can pay US$45,000.

The government of China keeps some Alpine musk deer in captivity.

Redneck (movie)

Redneck () is a 1973 British Italian crime thriller movie directed by Silvio Narizzano and starring Franco Nero, Telly Savalas, Mark Lester, Ely Galleani, Duilio Del Prete, Maria Michi.

Dane Boedigheimer

Dane Willard Boedigheimer (born September 28, 1979), better known by their cybernym DaneBoe, is an American filmmaker, singer and actor. They are known for creating the web series "The Annoying Orange" and the spin-off television series "The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange". They provides the voice of the title character in both productions.

Morehead City, North Carolina

Morehead City is a port town in Carteret County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 9,556 people live in Morehead City.

Bento Rodrigues dam disaster

The Bento Reodrigues dam disaster happened on 5 November 2015, when a dam at a Germano iron ore mine broke. The disaster is also known as Mariana dam disaster, or Samarco dam disaster. It happened in a mine near Mariana, Minas Gerais, Brazil. The flooding devastated the downstream villages of Bento Rodrigues and Paracatu de Baixo, from Bento Rodrigues, killing 19 people. The damage caused by the tailings dam collapse is the largest ever recorded with pollutants spread along of watercourses.

The failure of the dam released 43.7 million cubic metres of mine tailings into the Doce River. A toxic brown mudflow polluted the river and beaches near the mouth when it reached the Atlantic Ocean 17 days later. The disaster created a humanitarian crisis as hundreds were displaced and cities along the Doce River suffered water shortages when their water supplies were polluted.

The total impact of the disaster, including the reason for failure and the environmental consequences, are officially under investigation and remain unclear. The owner of the Bento Rodrigues dam, Samarco, was subject to extensive litigation and government sanctions. In 2016, charges of manslaughter and environmental damage were filed against 21 executives, including Samarco's former CEO and representatives from Samarco's owners, Vale and BHP Billiton, on its board of directors. Controversy over the investigation grew after a 2013 report, indicating structural issues in the dam, was leaked.

Detroit Symphony Orchestra

The Detroit Symphony Orchestra (DSO) is an American musical group that is mostly located in Detroit, Michigan. Its main location where they play is Orchestra Hall at the Max M. Fisher Music Center in Detroit's Midtown area. The musical group's current leader and CEO is Anne Parsons, since 2004. Jader Bignamini is the current musical leader of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, getting the position in 2020.

Bikini contest

A swimsuit competition, which is more commonly called bikini contest nowadays, is a beauty pageant, where the contestants wear swimsuits. The contestant models are mostly judged by their physical attractiveness. Companies have sometimes organised such contests to make their products more popular, or to find new models for their swimwear.

Such competitions have also been criticized: Critics say that such competitions make girls and women think that they are primarily valued for their physical appearance; t this puts pressure on women to conform to conventional beauty standards.


Kernersville, North Carolina

Kernersville is a town in Forsyth and Guilford counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 26,449 people live in Kernersville.

Hakama

Hakama are Japanese clothing that looks like a skirt. Men also wear hakama like trousers. Hakama begins in the 6th century. Hakama are tied at the waist and worn over kimono.

Holbeck

Holbeck is an centre city area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It starts on the southern area of Leeds city centre and mostly is in the LS11 postcode area. The M1 and M621 motorway previously started or ended in Holbeck, but now it is only the M621 that goes through the area. Since big pieces of Holbeck have been evacuated so they can remake a big part of the area, with many people leaving the area. Holbeck had a population of 5,505 in 2011. The area currently is in the Beeston and Holbeck part of Leeds City Council.

Barco

Barco NV is a Belgian technology company. Barco focusing on three core markets: entertainment, enterprise, and healthcare. Barco is headquartered in Kortrijk, Belgium. 

The company has 400 granted patents. Shares of Barco are listed on Euronext Brussels.

Barco is an acronym (Belgian American Radio Corporation).

Barco was founded in 1934 in the town of Poperinge. Founder is Lucien Depuydt. In 1989, Barco acquired EMT. In 2018, Barco sold subsidiary Barco Silex.

Matthews, North Carolina

Matthews is a town in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 29,435 people live in Matthews.

Monkey on My Back (movie)

Monkey on My Back is a 1957 American biographical movie directed by Andre DeToth and starring Cameron Mitchell, Dianne Foster, Paul Richards, Jack Albertson, Kathy Garver, Barry Kelley, Raymond Greenleaf, Richard Benedict. It was distributed by United Artists.


Ahvaz

Ahvaz () is a city in southwestern Iran. It is the capital of Khuzestan Province. In the year 2016, about 1,350,000 people lived there. In 2018, 30 people were killed in a mass shooting. The city is majority Arab with a significant Persian minority.

The Patriot (wrestler)

Delbert Alexander "Del" Wilkes, Jr. (December 21, 1961June 30, 2021) was an American professional wrestler and college football player. He had many ring names such as The Trooper and The Patriot. Wilkes wrestled for the American Wrestling Association, the Global Wrestling Federation, All Japan Pro Wrestling, World Championship Wrestling, and the World Wrestling Federation.

Wilkes died of a heart attack on June 30, 2021 in Newberry, South Carolina, at the age of 59.

Desmond O'Malley

Desmond Joseph O'Malley (2 February 1939 – 21 July 2021) was an Irish politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Limerick East constituency from 1968 to 2002. He was born in Limerick, Ireland. He was also the founder and Leader of the Progressive Democrats from 1985 to 1993.

O'Malley was Minister for Industry and Commerce from 1977 to 1981 and 1989 to 1992. O'Malley also was Minister for Trade, Commerce and Tourism from March 1982 to October 1982, Minister for Justice from 1970 to 1973 and Government Chief Whip and Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Defence from 1969 to 1970.

O'Malley died on 21 July 2021 in Dublin, aged 82.

Peanut oil

Peanut oil is a type of vegetable oil that comes from the fat in peanuts. This oil is known to have a neutral flavour unless the peanuts were roasted first. It is commonly used in deep frying.

Peanut oil is 17% saturated fat, 46% monounsaturated fat, and 32% polyunsaturated fat (table).

Boniface Alexandre

Boniface Alexandre (31 July 1936 – 4 August 2023) was a Haitian politician. Alexandre served as the provisional President of Haiti following the 2004 Haitian coup d'état until May 2006.

During Alexandre's acting presidency, Amnesty International found that many people have been kidnapped, murdered and imprisoned without charge or trial.

Alexandre died on 4 August 2023 at his home in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, four days after his 87th birthday.

Corn oil

Corn oil (also called maize oil) is a type of cooking oil. It comes from the fat in the germ of corn seeds. It is a cheap oil compared to others. It is commonly used in frying at high heats.

Corn oil is 12.9% saturated fat, 27.6% monounsaturated fat, and 54.7% polyunsaturated fat.

Juan Vital Sourrouille

Juan Vital Sourrouille (13 August 1940 – 21 July 2021) was an Argentine economist and politician. Sourrouille was born in Buenos Aires. He was the Minister of Economy of Argentina during the government of Raúl Alfonsín from 1985 until 1989. He created the Austral plan.

Sourrouille died on 21 July 2021 in Buenos Aires from colorectal cancer, aged 80.

The Disputed Vote of Mr. Cayo

The Disputed Vote of Mr. Cayo is a 1986 Spanish movie directed by Antonio Giménez-Rico and starring Francisco Rabal, Juan Luis Galiardo, Iñaki Miramón, Lydia Bosch.

A Year of the Quiet Sun

A Year of the Quiet Sun () is a 1984 Polish Italian German World War II romantic drama movie directed by Krzysztof Zanussi and starring Maja Komorowska, Scott Wilson, Ewa Dałkowska, Vadim Glowna, Zbigniew Zapasiewicz, Zofia Rysiówna.

Ash Wednesday (1973 movie)

Ash Wednesday is a 1973 American mystery drama movie directed by Larry Peerce and starring Elizabeth Taylor, Henry Fonda, Helmut Berger, Keith Baxter. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Stealing Heaven

Stealing Heaven is a 1988 British Serbian romantic drama movie directed by Clive Donner and was based on the novel of the same name by Marion Meade. It stars Derek de Lint, Kim Thomson, Denholm Elliott, Bernard Hepton, Kenneth Cranham, Rachel Kempson, Angela Pleasence, Patsy Byrne, Timothy Watson, Victoria Burgoyne.

IJustine

Justine Ezarik (born March 20, 1984) is an American YouTuber, host, author and actress and the winner of the 7000th show "The Price is Right". She is best known as iJustine, with over a billion views across her YouTube channels since 2006. She gained attention as a lifecaster who communicated directly with her millions of viewers on her Justin.tv channel, ijustine.tv.

Blackmail (1939 movie)

Blackmail is a 1939 American crime drama movie directed by H. C. Potter and starring Edward G. Robinson, Ruth Hussey, Gene Lockhart, Bobs Watson, John Wray, Arthur Hohl, Esther Dale. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Kevin Brueck

Kevin Brueck (born April 27, 1978) is an American voice actor and YouTuber, most notable for his involvement in the web series the "Annoying Orange" franchise and the spin-off "Liam the Leprechaun" franchise. He is also known for voicing many characters on the YouTube web series "The Annoying Orange"; his most famous voice role is that of Grandpa Lemon, Lemon's grandfather.

Biggles (movie)

Biggles is a 1986 British World War I science fiction adventure movie directed by John Hough and starring Nick Dickson, Alex Hyde-White, Fiona Hutchison, Peter Cushing, William Hootkins, Francesca Gonshaw, Daniel Flynn.

Big business

Big business means large-scale and corporate-controlled business activities. The term "big business" refers to activities that run from "huge transactions" to the more general "doing big things". United States companies which are classified as big businesses include although are not limited to Walmart, Microsoft, Apple Inc., General Electric, Verizon Communications, Google, General Motors, Amazon, Tesla and Toyota. Apple Inc. had just over $2.1 trillion as of June 2021. Microsoft had almost $1.8 trillion by that same time. Tesla had about $641 billion by June 2021. The biggest United Kingdom business networks are HSBC, Barclays, Unilever and BP (called British Petroleum before 1998).

According to the "Oxford English Dictionary", the words "big business" were first mentioned in Frederic Clemson Howe's book "The City: the Hope of Democracy"' in 1905.

The automotive industry started off small in the late 19th century. They grew very fast after large-scale gasoline was developed during the early 20th century.

New technology from computers spread across the world in the years following World War II. Businesses built around computer technology include though are not limited to Microsoft, Apple Inc., Intel, IBM and Samsung.

There are various efforts being made to investigate the effects of "bigness" toward workers, consumers and investors. The effects toward prices and competition are also being looked at.

Large corporations have been subjected to strong controversy and criticism for abusing their employees, exploiting workers, political corruption, white-collar crime and corporate scandals. 

Contrary to popular belief, not all corporations in the United States associate with the Republican Party. Several companies, Delta Air Lines, Coca-Cola and Major League Baseball went against Georgia's new and restrictive voting laws. Amazon, Google and Starbucks signed a statement that was against legislation which would discriminate against people who have certain racial, ethnic or disability backgrounds and those with certain sexual preferences.

Many Americans believe that corporations have too much power.

Corporate concentration can lead to influence over government in areas such as tax policy, trade policy, environmental policy, foreign policy, and labor policy through lobbying. In 2005, the majority of Americans believed that big business has "too much power in Washington."

Boana curupi

The yellow-spotted tree frog, fasciated frog or spotted tree frog ("Boana albopunctata") is a frog that lives in Paraguay, Brazil, and Argentina. Scientists have seen it between 300 and 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 29.0 to 43.4 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 41.3 to 47.0 mm long.

This frog is dark brown in color with darker patches and a white stripe on its lip. It is lighter at the throat. Its bones are green and the iris of its eye is gold.

The frog's name comes from "Curupi," also called "Curipira" or "Kurupira," a creature from folklore that protects the forest and the living things in it.

Netsuke

Netsuke is a Japanese miniature sculpture. It appeared in the 17th century. Originally It looked like a hanging keychain on Japanese traditional clothing called kimono. Netsuke was a button fastener on the cords of an inro box.

Netsuke is made of various materials: ivory, boxwood, metal, boar tusk, clay and so on.

Kintsugi

Kintsugi is the Japanese art of repairing broken pottery with lacquer. It is similar to the Japanese philosophy of wabi-sabi (philosophy of imperfection value). 


Free Britney movement

The Free Britney movement is an Internet social movement. Members with the movement are working for American Britney Spears to be freed from her years-long and court-ordered conservatorship (the appointment of court-ordered guardians or protectors by court judges). The Free Britney movement was begun in 2008. The movement became popular in 2019.

In 2008, Spears was placed into a three-day psychiatric hold two separate times. At the time, she was experiencing serious conflicts which affected her personal life. Those conflicts include divorcing her then-husband Kevin Federline in late 2007, attacking paparazzi, shaving her head and losing the custody of her two sons with Federline. Just after the second hospital visit, Spears' father Jamie filed to put a temporary conservatorship on her. The conservatorship was made permanent later in 2008. Jamie was the conservator for Britney's personal affair and co-conservator for her finances with Andrew Wallet. Wallet was in charge starting in 2009. He resigned his position in March 2019. Due to stress from her father Jamie's afflictions, Britney went into a mental health facility the same month. She was released the following month from the mental health facility.

In April 2019, a podcast that involved Britney, titled "Britney's Gram", put out voicemails from an anonymous party saying they were the former members of her legal team. The anonymous party also said her planned second residency was canceled by her father Jamie due to Britney not always wanting to take her medication. They then said Britney was involuntarily held in the facility beginning in January after she violated rules that banned her from driving. Finally, they said the conservatorship was originally scheduled to end in 2009. Shortly after the podcast episode, a movement to end the conservatorship, called #FreeBritney, became widely known. In May, the Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Brenda Penny, the judge over the case, ordered an "expert evaluation" of the arrangement during a hearing. In September 2019, her former husband Federline was then granted a restraining order against Britney's father Jamie just after what might have been a physical dispute between Jamie and one of Federline's and Britney's sons. The order was sought when Federline said Jamie broke down a door to get his grandson. When the grandson was in his room, Federline said, Jamie grabbed him.

The Los Angeles divorce attorney Mark Vincent Kaplan stated there was a disagreement that took place when Britney and her sons were visiting Jamie at his home. According to Kaplan, the disagreement led to a serious act of physical violence that was observed by Britney's and Federline's older son Jayden. Kaplan credited Britney for removing the children from the area.

Britney Spears gave notice to the court on June 23, 2021 and talked about having trauma. She described the conservatorship as "abusive". She then expressed her wishes for choosing her own legal representation and to marry and have another child. She asked Penny to dissolve the conservatorship without further evaluation. The request to end the conservatorship, however, was later denied by Penny. During a court hearing in July 2021, Britney Spears was given the right to choose her own lawyer. Judge Penny then approved the replacement of Spears' previous lawyer Samuel Ingham with Matthew Rosengart. The new lawyer said he would be working to dissolve the conservatorship. 

From 2019 to 2021, the #FreeBritney movement gained support from many celebrities. They included singers Miley Cyrus and Cher and media personality Paris Hilton. The singers Justin Timberlake and Christina Aguilera, the earlier of whom was Spears' past boyfriend, also voiced their support. The latter also said Spears' conservatorship was "unacceptable".

U.S. Burgess Owens, Marjorie Taylor Greene, Andy Biggs and Matt Gaetz invited Spears to testify on her conservatorship to United States Congress. In relation to Spears' case, U.S. Senators Bob Casey Jr. and Elizabeth Warren called on the United States Department of Health and Human Services and the Department of Justice to give them data on conservatorships so they could make policy-related recommending on the system. Casey Jr. and Warren called for more federal oversight on the guardianship system in the United States after Spears' testimony. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), a nonprofit organization, decided they would help Spears in dissolving the conservatorship if she requested to do so. They filed an "amicus curiae" to support Spears' plea to choose her own legal representation.

Skytech

Skytech Helicopters is a Belgian helicopter company. 

Skytech operating heavy-lift helicopters in different countries. 

Сompany was founded in Belgium in November 1989 by helicopter pilots Thierry Lakhanisky and Lucienne De Dryver.

Janssen Pharmaceuticals

Janssen Pharmaceuticals is a Belgian pharmaceutical company. 

Company is headquartered in Beerse, Belgium, and owned by Johnson & Johnson. 

Janssen Pharmaceuticals conducts research of a wide range of human medical disorders, including mental illness, neurological disorders, gastrointestinal disorders, HIV/AIDS, allergies and cancer. 

Company was founded in 1953 by Paul Janssen.

In 1961, Janssen Pharmaceuticals was purchased by American corporation Johnson & Johnson.

Conservatorship

In United States law, conservatorship is when a protector or guardian is appointed by a court judge to manage the financial affairs for another person. This is usually because that person is old or has physical or mental health problems. People in a conservatorship are called "conservatees". Conservatees are usually adults. A person in guardianship is called a "ward". The term "ward" is usually used in reference to minors (people under age 18). Conservatorship may also be used for corporations or organizations.

"Conservatorship" refers to the legal responsibility over a person who has a certain mental disorder or a physical health problem. This includes people affected with psychosis, suicidal ideation, certain levels of autism or in some other way are not able to make medical, financial or legal decisions for themselves. 

In relation to the government control of businesses and corporations, like Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae, conservatorship means more temporary control than does nationalization.

A recent example of conservatorship controversy is that involving the American pop singer-songwriter Britney Spears. She was put into conservatorship by her father in 2008. The year before, Britney had a mental breakdown. Spears also shaved her head and hit paparazzi with an umbrella but that was because they were violently attacking her. In late 2008, the conservatorship was made permanent (unfortunately). It triggered the Free Britney movement because it was clearly fraudulent (britney did not, and has never, had dementia or any form thereof)

In California there are two forms of conservatorship. The Lanterman-Petris-Short conservatorship starts off being temporary. This one is renewed every year if necessary. A probate (aka slavery) conservatorship does not have a temporary period. It does not automatically expire. Spears is in the latter (the probate form of conservatorship which lasts for around 10,000 years and is one of the most horrific things that can happen to a person).

Spears has wanted the conservatorship to be stopped because, she says, her father uses it to abuse and use her, and also it is clearly a dishonest strategy to steal her money and ruin her life.

Chink (slur)

Chink or ching chong ( or 清衝 ("qīng chōng"), is a racial slur for a Chinese person. It is primarily used in Australia, New Zealand, the United States, Canada, India, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Ireland and Malaysia. Sometimes, it can be used to refer to anyone of Asian heritage or appearance.


Paki

Paki is a British English racial slur targeted at Pakistanis. It is mostly used in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and India. 

Bloody hell

Bloody hell is a common British swearing phrase used as a milder form of "fucking hell" and a vulgar version of "what the hell", "bugger", "crap" or "damn it". It is used in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, India, Singapore, Malaysia, Fiji and Sri Lanka.

Texaco

Texaco (or The Texas Company; originally called The Texas Fuel Company) is an American petroleum and gasoline company. It was founded in 1902 in Beaumont, Texas. The Chevron Corporation bought the Texaco company in late 2000.

In 1931, Texaco bought the Indian Oil Company. The Indian Oil Company was in Illinois. This expanded the company's refining and marketing base across the midwestern United States. It also gave Texaco rights to Indian's Havoline motor oil (which became a Texaco product). 

In 1994, the System3 gasolines by Texaco were replaced with new CleanSystem3 gasoline for improved engine performance.

Texaco gasoline contains Techron, an additive developed by Chevron in 2005. It replaces the previous CleanSystem3. This Texaco brand is strong in Latin America, the United States and West Africa. It is also in Europe. In the United Kingdom, there are about 850 Texaco-branded gas stations.

In 2010, Texaco ended business operations across the Mid-Atlantic States. Texaco removed its brand from 450 stations in Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, Ohio, Indiana, West Virginia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Kentucky and Washington, D.C..

Texaco once did business in and around the Quad Cities of southeastern Iowa and northwestern Illinois. In the 2000s decade, however, the stores were closed. They were then replaced with Kwik Shop stores in Iowa and with Gas Land stores in Illinois.

The Haunted Mansion (movie)

The Haunted Mansion is a 1996 American horror comedy film based on the attraction of the same name at Disney theme parks. Directed by Paul Weiland, the film is written by Dave Foley, Jay Kogen and Stephen Hibbert and stars Alec Baldwin, Donald Sutherland, Kyle MacLachlan, Rachel Weisz in a dual role, Jennifer Tilly, and Dina Spybey.

Michael Keaton, Brendan Fraser, Jim Carrey, Mel Gibson, Tim Robbins, Jon Lovitz, Tim Allen, Tom Hanks and Mike Myers were also considered for the role of Jim Evers. However, Mike Myers and Tim Robbins were too busy working on "".

The film was theatrically released in the United States on December 3, 1999 and is Disney's second film based on an attraction following the television film "Tower of Terror". The film grossed $182.3 million worldwide on a $90 million budget and was panned by critics.

Principal photography began on December 21, 1998, and wrapped on a April 28, 1999.

Balinese language

Balinese (ᬪᬵᬱᬩᬮᬶ ᬩᬲᬩᬮᬶ; "Basa Bali") is a Malayo-Polynesian language which belongs to the Austronesian language family. It is spoken by the Balinese people on the island of Bali in Indonesia. It is written in both Balinese script and Latin script.

Intonation (speech)

Intonation is about the variation in pitch of speech which may change meaning. How something is said may change its meaning. All spoken languages use this tactic.



The study of intonations is part of prosody.

A simple example which shows how important prosody is. A parent says to a child "well done". Without some annotation, one can't decide whether the child has indeed done well, or whether it has {say} knocked a glass of milk over. 

Puppet theatre

Puppet theatre or puppetry is a form of theatre where the puppeteer manipulates the puppets. The puppeteer is usually hidden from the audience. The action of puppet show take place on the small self-made stage. The puppets can be marionette, finger puppets, sock puppets or glove puppets.

The War of the Roses (movie)

The War of the Roses is a 1989 American black comedy film based upon the 1981 novel of the same name by Warren Adler. The film follows a wealthy couple with a seemingly perfect marriage. When their marriage begins to fall apart, material possessions become the center of an outrageous and bitter divorce battle.

The film co-stars Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner and Danny DeVito. DeVito directed the film, which also had producer James L. Brooks working on a project outside of "The Simpsons". The opening title sequence was created by Saul Bass and Elaine Makatura Bass.

In both the novel and the film, the married couple's family name is Rose, and the title is an allusion to the battles between the warring Houses of York and Lancaster who were contending for the English throne during the late Middle Ages. In Germany, the film was such a huge success that its German title "Der Rosenkrieg" became synonymous with high-conflict divorce and is now regularly used in the media.

Frankenstein 90

Frankenstein 90 is a 1984 French comedy movie directed by Alain Jessua and starring Jean Rochefort and Eddy Mitchell.

Savage Steve Holland

Savage Steve Holland (born April 29, 1958) is an American writer, cartoonist, producer, voice actor, animator, and film director who wrote and directed the films "Better Off Dead" (1985) and "One Crazy Summer" (1986), starring John Cusack. He also directed the film "How I Got into College" (1989), and animated the "Whammy" on the game show "Press Your Luck". He later went on to create and produce "Eek! the Cat" and "The Terrible Thunderlizards" for Fox Kids. He now manages his own studio, Savage Studios Ltd., and directs shows for Cartoon Network, Disney Channel and Nickelodeon.

He studied animation at the California Institute of the Arts, where one of his student projects "Going Nowhere Fast" (1980), was exhibited at the Museum of Cat Food show "Tomorrowland: CalArts in Moving Pictures".



Savage Steve Holland was lampooned in the episode "What Big Rewrite Notes You Have" of the cartoon Ned's Newt, as over-the-top director "Sausage Steve Finland".

Beach volleyball

Beach volleyball is a team sport, a kind of volleyball. The players have two teams (2 per side) and play on a sand court divided by a net.

Alexander Williams (cartoonist)

Alexander "Alex" Williams (born October 18, 1967 in London, England) is an English television and film animator and cartoonist. He is the son of animator Richard Williams. He has worked on many animated television series, and is the author of the "Queens Counsel" cartoon strip in "The Times", for which he was awarded the Cartoon Art Trust Award for Strip Cartooning in October 2017.

In June 1987 Williams was 19 years old and in his first year of studies at the University of Oxford when he started work as an in-betweener on "Who Framed Roger Rabbit", working under animator Simon Wells and later as an assistant animator to Marc Gordon-Bates. Williams initially worked unpaid as an intern, and was later invited by producer Patsy de Lord to work on the film full-time. The university agreed to his taking a suspension of studies for a year. The following year, in 1988, he joined the Disney-MGM Studio in Orlando, Florida, working on the short film RollerCoaster Rabbit.

His work as an animator includes "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" (1988), "The Princess and the Cobbler" (1993), "The Lion King" (1994), "Quest for Camelot" (1998), "The Iron Giant" (1999), "The Road to El Dorado" (2000), "" (2002), "Piglet's Big Movie", "" (2003), "Robots" (2005) and "Open Season" (2006).

Honey Bunny In Crazy Crazy Chase

Honey Bunny In Crazy Crazy Chase is a 2019 Indian animated action-comedy movie, based on Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal.
The movie is inspired by Home Alone. It is also the first and only movie of the Honey Bunny Ka Jholmaal movie series to be distributed by PVR Cinemas as well as Sony Pictures Networks.
Honey and Bunny are on their way to Kanyakumari but mistakenly end up in Goa while following Miss Katkar's lookalike. There, their paths cross with two burglars who may end up ruining their vacation.

Google Docs Editors

Google Docs Editors is a web-based productivity office suite offered by Google within its Google Drive service. The suite includes Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Slides, Google Drawings, Google Forms, Google Sites, and Google Keep. It used to also include Google Fusion Tables until it was discontinued in 2019.

The Google Docs Editors suite is available freely for users with personal Google accounts: through a web application, a set of mobile apps for Android and iOS, and a desktop application for Google's Chrome OS.

Many other programs compete with Google Docs. The competing programs are similar and have the basic functions of Google Docs and some add-ons that make them a better product than the same.



André Silva (footballer, born 1995)

André Miguel Valente da Silva (born 6 November 1995) is a Portuguese football player. He plays as a striker for La Liga club Real Sociedad, on loan from RB Leipzig, and the Portugal national team.

Indian Trail, North Carolina

Indian Trail is a town in Union County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 39,997 people live in Indian Trail.

Post-punk

Post-punk (originally called new musick) is a large genre of rock music. It started in the late 1970s when musicians got tired of the how simple regular punk rock was. Post-punk artists added avant-garde ideas and other ideas from outside rock music. They kept punk rock's energy and DIY ethic but added styles like funk, electronic music, jazz, and dance music; the production techniques of dub and disco; and ideas from art and politics, including critical theory, modernist art, cinema and literature. These communities produced independent record labels, visual art, multimedia performances and fanzines.


Maile Flanagan

Maile Flanagan (born May 19, 1965) is an American actress and comedian. She is best known for her role as Naruto Uzumaki in the English dub of "Naruto" who she has voiced in all properties and media since 2005.


Hikimayu

Hikimayu was a Japanese tradtiion of removing the eyebrows and painting two smudges on the forehead from Nara period to 19th century. 


Bunraku

Bunraku, also known as "Ningyō jōruri", is a Japanese puppet theatre, founded in Osaka in the 17th century. It was mainly related to kabuki from Genroku period. Bunraku developed in Edo period combining puppet art with "joruri". Bunraku has the narrator with puppets and the action is accompained by a game on the shamisen. 

The most famous Japanese bunraku playwright is Chikamatsu Mozaemon. His most famous work is "The Love Suicides at Sonezaki". 

Originally the term bunraku referred to theatre founded in Osaka in 1805. 

In Edo period, male pupeteers were hidden from the audience by the curtain while they held pupepts. The narrator and musician were also hidden. In 1703, pupeteers apperead in full view of the audience. In 1728, the narrator and musician were given their own stage. 


Midland, North Carolina

Midland is a town in Cabarrus County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,684 people live in Midland.

Ousmane Dembélé

Masour Ousmane Dembélé (born 15 May 1997) is a French football player. He plays as a forward for Paris Saint-Germain and the France national team.

Borussia Dortmund

Barcelona

France

Individual

Orders

Vernon, Eure

Vernon is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Eure department in north France.

Vernon is twinned with:

Alonsotegi

Alonsotegi is a municipality of 2,890 people (2020). It is in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain.

IParty with Victorious

"iParty with Victorious" was an episode of the television shows "iCarly" and "Victorious". It aired on June 11, 2011.

Special Guest Stars: Victoria Justice as Tori Vega:
Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine:
Danielle Monet as Trina Vega:
Matt Bennet as Robbie Shapiro:
Avan Jogia as Beck Oliver:
Elizabeth Gilles as Jade West:
Leon Thomas III as Andre Harris:

Drew Massey

Drew Massey is an American voice actor, actor, puppeteer and director for Nickelodeon and The Jim Henson Company. He has worked with the Muppets and has performed in many movies, television series and commercials. He also lent his voice to many commercials and video games.

Bernardo Silva

Bernardo Mota Veiga de Carvalho e Silva (born 10 August 1994), known as Bernardo Silva or simply Bernardo, is a Portuguese football player. He plays as an attacking midfielder or a winger for Manchester City and the Portugal national team. 

Matthew J. Munn

Matthew J. Munn (born July 1980) is an American voice actor and animator for many studios. He voiced Boog and Doug in "Open Season 3". He replaced Mike Epps as the voice of Boog in "Open Season 2" (who replaced Martin Lawrence from the first movie). He was later replaced by Donny Lucas in "".

Political corruption

Political corruption is using powers of government officials or their network contacts for inappropriate private gain. 

The forms of corruption are very different between one another. Examples of political corruption are lobbying, bribery, extortion (which refers when to someone commits blackmail or bribery against or threatens other people through putting a feeling of fear by telling certain people something "will" happen if the victim does not comply), nepotism (the unfair use of power for receiving job employments or benefits by family or friends), patronage (improperly using state money/goods to reward families, certain groups or races in exchange for voting for certain political party members) and embezzlement. Corruption is often linked to human trafficking, money laundering and drug trafficking. But political corruptions are not limited to these illegal acts. Misuse of government power for certain other purposes, an example of which is police brutality is also classified as political corruption.

Political corruption hurts democracy by going against the formal process. Corruption in elections and in legislature reduces responsibility and falsely represents the related creations of policies.

Economies having a high level of political corruption tend to not be as financially successful as one that has low level corruption. Political corruption not only threatens justice and ethical values. Recalls of loans by international banks, along with massive selling of emerging market stocks from international mutual funds, is associated with (and can actually cause) crises in economics and currency problems in certain countries. Examples of these problems are in Asia, Africa and Central America.

Oviraptoridae

Oviraptorians lived between 83.6 and 66 million years ago in the Late Cretaceous.

Presnel Kimpembe

Presnel Kimpembe (born 13 August 1995) is a French football player. He plays as a centre-back for Paris Saint-Germain and the France national team.

Beaumont-sur-Oise

Beaumont-sur-Oise is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France.

Mating system

Mating system is a term form biology, to describe the sexual behaviour of a group of animals. It basically describes which males and females in a group mate.


Central Asian red deer

The central Asian red deer or Tarim red deer ("Cervus hanglu") is an elk that lives in Central Asia.

The International Union for the Conservation of Nature says the central Asian red deer is a "least concern" species, but many subspecies of central Asian red deer have become locally extinct. This means that places that once had many deer now have none.

One subspecies of central Asian red deer, the Kashmir stag ("Cervus hanglu hanglu"), is the only species of deer that lives in India.

Arenysaur

Arenysaur lived between 68 and 66 million years ago in the Late Cretaceous. Arenysaur includes "Arenysaurus" and "Ajnabia".

Ajnabia

Ajnabia (meaning "stranger" or "foreigner") is a genus of lambeosaurine hadrosaur that lived between 68 and 66 million years ago in the Late Cretaceous.

Akainacephalus

Akainacephalus was a plant-eating dinosaur that lived 76 million years ago during the Late Cretaceous period. "Akainacephalus" was first discovered by Scott Richardson, a Bureau of Land Management employee who also discovered "Lythronax" and "Kosmoceratops", all in the same region of Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument.

The dinosaur was medium-sized, standing at 3 feet 6 inches tall and stretching about 15 feet long. It lived in present-day southern Utah, which during the Late Cretaceous Period was part of the southern portion of Laramidia, an island continent that stretched from the Arctic Circle to the Gulf of Mexico. Though ankylosaurids originated in Asia between 125 - 100 million years ago, they do not appear in the western North American fossil record until about 77 million years ago. The new species "Akainacephalus" offers the most complete skeleton of an ankylosaurid dinosaur found in the southwestern United States. It includes a skull, much of the vertebral column, including a complete tail club, several fore and hind limbs elements, and bony body armour that includes two neck rings and spiked armour plates.

Guard mounting

Guard mounting, changing the guard, or the changing of the guard, is an official ceremony in which guards that take place in duties at important places are swapped with different guards. The ceremonies are usually planned very well. They started during peaceful times and war fighting drills, with it becoming more popular from the 17th and 18th centuries as it helped make the army less tired and more useful.

Plaza de Oriente

The Plaza de Oriente is a plaza in the historic center of Madrid, Spain. It has a shape like a rectangle and is very big and noticeable. It was designed in 1844 by Narciso Pascual y Colomer. It was opened by King Joseph I after he said that the houses originally in the area should be destroyed.

It is located between some very well known and important places in Madrid. To the west is the Royal Palace, the Teatro Real, to the east, and the Royal Monastery of the Incarnation to the north.

Kīlauea, Hawaii

Kīlauea is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Kauai County, Hawaii, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 3,014.

Kīlauea shares the name of the active volcano Kīlauea on the island of Hawaii. The name translates to "spewing" or "much spreading" in the Hawaiian language.

Kīlauea is on the northeastern shore of Kauai and is bordered to the west by Kalihiwai and to the north by the Pacific Ocean. Hawaii Route 56 passes through the south side of the community, leading west to Hanalei and east to the Moloaa area which includes Moloaa Forest Reserve and overlooks Moloaa Bay.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Kilauea CDP has a total area of , of which are land and , or 5.7%, are water.

Shipwrecking

Shipwrecking is an event that causes a shipwreck, such as a ship striking something that causes the ship to sink; the stranding of a ship on rocks, land or shoal; poor maintenance; or the destruction of a ship either intentionally or by violent weather.

Factors for the loss of a ship may include:

The hallmark of a shipwreck due to poor design is the capsize of Swedish warship "Wasa" in Stockholm harbour 1628. She was too narrow, had too little ballast and her lower cannon deck had too low free-board for good seaworthiness. Poor design allowed the ferry MS "Herald of Free Enterprise" to put to sea with open roll-on/roll-off bow doors, with tragic consequences.
Failure or leaking of the hull is a serious problem that can lead to the loss of buoyancy or the free surface effect and the subsequent sinking of the vessel. Even the hulls of large modern ships have cracked in heavy storms. Leaks between the hull planks of wooden vessels are a particular problem.

Equipment failure caused the shipwreck of cruiseferry "Estonia" in 1994. The stress of stormy seas on hull and bow especially caused the bow visor to break off, in turn tearing the watertight bow door open and letting seawater flow onto the car deck. She capsized with tragic consequences. Failure of pumps can lead to the loss of a potentially salvageable ship with only a minor leak or fire.

Failure of the means of propulsion, such as engines, sails or rigging, can lead to the loss of a ship. When the ship's movement is determined only by currents or the wind and particularly by storms, a common result is that the ship is unable to avoid natural hazards like rocks, shallow water or tidal races. Loss of propulsion or steering can inhibit a ship's ability to safely position itself in a storm, even far from land. Waves attacking a ship's side can overwhelm and sink it.

Instability is caused by the centre of mass of the ship rising above the metacenter resulting in the ship tipping on its side or capsizing. To remain buoyant, the hull of a vessel must prevent water entering the large air spaces of the vessel (known as downflooding). Clearly for the ship to float, the normally-submerged parts of the hull will be watertight, but the upper parts of the hull must have openings to allow ventilation to compartments, including the engine room, for crew access, and to load and unload cargo. In a capsize, water can enter these openings if not watertight. If a ship sinks after capsizing, or as a consequence of a leak in the hull or other water ingress, it is often described as having "foundered" or "foundering". Large ships are designed with compartments to help preserve the necessary buoyancy.

On 25 October 2012, the tall ship "Bounty" (a replica of the original HMS "Bounty") sank in a hurricane. The vessel left New London, Connecticut, heading for St. Petersburg, Florida, initially going on an easterly course to avoid Hurricane Sandy. On 29 October 2012 at 03:54 EDT, the ship's owner called the United States Coast Guard for help during the hurricane after losing contact with the ship's master. He reported she was taking on water off the coast of North Carolina, about from the storm, and the crew were preparing to abandon ship. There were sixteen people aboard, two of whom did not survive the sinking. An inquiry into the sinking was held by the United States Coast Guard in Portsmouth, Virginia from 12 to 21 February 2013; at which it was concluded that Captain Walbridge's decision to sail the ship into the path of Hurricane Sandy was the cause, and the inquiry found this to have been a "reckless decision".

Poor weather can cause several problems:

Wind causes waves which result in other difficulties. Waves make navigation difficult and dangerous near shallow water. Also, waves create buoyancy stresses on the structure of a hull. The weight of breaking waves on the fabric of the ship force the crew to reduce speed or even travel in the same direction as the waves to prevent damage. Also, wind stresses the rigging of sailing ships.

The force of the wind pushes ships in the direction of the wind. Vessels with large windage suffer most. Although powered ships are able to resist the force of the wind, sailing vessels have few defences against strong wind. When strong winds are imminent, sailing vessels typically have several choices:

Many losses of sailing ships were caused by sailing, with a following wind, so far into a bay that the ship became trapped upwind of a lee shore, being unable to sail into the wind to leave the bay. Low visibility caused by fog, mist and heavy rain increase the navigator's problems. Cold can cause metal to become brittle and fail more easily. A build-up of ice can cause instability by accumulating high on the ship, or in severe cases, crush the hull if the ship becomes trapped in a freezing sea.

According to one scientist who studies rogue waves, "two large ships sink every week on average, but the cause is never studied to the same detail as an air crash. It simply gets put down to 'bad weather'." Once considered mythical and lacking hard evidence for their existence, rogue waves are now proven to exist and known to be a natural ocean phenomenon. Eyewitness accounts from mariners and damages inflicted on ships have long suggested they occurred; however, their scientific measurement was only positively confirmed following measurements of the "Draupner wave", a rogue wave at the Draupner platform in the North Sea on January 1, 1995, with a maximum wave height of (peak elevation of ). During that event, minor damage was also inflicted on the platform, far above sea level, confirming that the reading was valid. Their existence has also since been confirmed by satellite imagery of the ocean surface.

Fire can cause the loss of ships in many ways. The most obvious way would be the loss of a wooden ship which is burned until watertight integrity is compromised (e.g. "Cospatrick"). The detonation of cargo or ammunition can cause the breach of a steel hull. An extreme temperature may compromise the durability properties of steel, causing the hull to break on its own weight. Often a large fire causes a ship to be abandoned and left to drift (e.g. MS "Achille Lauro"). Should it run aground beyond economic salvage, it becomes a wreck.

In extreme cases, where the ship's cargo is either highly combustible (such as oil, natural gas or gasoline) or explosive (nitrates, fertilizers, ammunition) a fire onboard may result in a catastrophic conflagration or explosion. Such disasters may have catastrophic results, especially if the disaster occurs in a harbour, such as the Halifax Explosion.

Many shipwrecks have occurred when the crew of the ship allowed the ship to collide with rocks, reefs, icebergs, or other ships. Collision has been one of the major causes of shipwreck. Accurate navigation is made more difficult by poor visibility in bad weather. Also, many losses happened before modern navigation aids such as GPS, radar and sonar were available. Until the 20th century, the most sophisticated navigational tools and techniques available - dead reckoning using the magnetic compass, marine chronometer (to calculate longitude) and ships logbook (which recorded the vessel's heading and the speed measured by log) or celestial navigation using marine chronometer and sextant - were sufficiently accurate for journeys across oceans, but these techniques (and in many cases also the charts) lacked the precision to avoid reefs close to shore.

The Scilly naval disaster of 1707, which claimed nearly 2,000 lives and was one of the greatest maritime disasters in the history of the British Isles, is attributed to the mariner's inability to find their longitude. This led to the Longitude Act to improve the aids available for navigation. Marine chronometers were as revolutionary in the 19th century as GPS is today. However the cost of these instruments could be prohibitive, sometimes resulting in tragic consequences for ships that were still unable to determine their longitude, as in the case of the "Arniston".

Even today, when highly accurate navigational equipment is readily available and universally used, there is still scope for error. Using the incorrect horizontal datum for the chart of an area may mislead the navigator, especially as many charts have not been updated to use modern data. It is also important for the navigator to appreciate that charts may be significantly in error, especially on less frequented coasts. For example, a recent revision of the map of South Georgia in the South Atlantic showed that previous maps were in some places in error by several kilometres.

Over the centuries, many technological and organizational developments have been used to reduce accidents at sea including:




Lil Rel Howery

Milton Howery Jr. (born December 17, 1979), known professionally as Lil Rel Howery, is an American actor and comedian. Howery is best known for his roles as Robert Carmichael in NBC's television comedy series The Carmichael Show (2015-2017) and as TSA officer Rod Williams in the horror film Get Out (2017). He also starred in the TV series Rel (2018-2019), which he also created and co-produced lasting only one season.

Michael Yarmush

Michael Lawrence Yarmush (born June 19, 1982) is an American-Canadian actor. He was born in Miami, Florida. His parents are Daniel and Diane Yarmush. He was the original voice of Arthur Read on the PBS Kids animated television series "Arthur" from 1996 to 2000, when he left the voice cast.

Michael Caloz

Michael Caloz (born May 2, 1985), is a Canadian former actor and voice actor, who is best known for voicing D.W. Read on Arthur from 1996 to 1999, holding his role for the first three seasons (he also narrated the funding credits for season 1 when it first aired on PBS). He won a Young Artist Award in 1999 for his role as D.W. Read. Caloz was born in Montreal, Quebec. He voiced Dora Winifred Read (D.W.) in Arthur from 1996 to 1999. After season 3, he was replaced by Oliver Grainger. He also voiced Annie on The Little Lulu Show. He has performed in several movies, including Screamers, which was based on the Philip K. Dick story Second Variety. He has also performed on several live-action television shows including an episode on Nickelodeon's Are You Afraid of the Dark?, as a frozen child's ghost. He has two brothers and plays piano, guitar and violin.

Rotten Ralph

Rotten Ralph is a series of children's picture books written by Jack Gantos and illustrated by Nicole Rubel. About twenty "Rotten Ralph" books have been published from 1976 to 2011.

"Rotten Ralph" is also the first book in the series, a 32-page picture book published by Houghton Mifflin of Boston in 1976. It was the first published book for both Gantos and Rubel.

Alternatively, Rotten Ralph is the title character of the series, initially "a very very nasty cat" —a bright red domestic cat who enjoys playing mean, practical jokes on his human family.

There was a children's television series by Cosgrove Hall Films, Tooncan Productions and Italtoons Corporation based on the books, first broadcast on CBBC from 1999 to 2001. It also went to air on Nickelodeon in the UK too, around 2000. The show hasn't been aired in the UK since reruns ended in 2005. The show aired in the United States on the Nickelodeon in 1999–2001. The voice cast were recorded in Los Angeles and the animation was done in Manchester.


Red Sorghum

Red Sorghum is a 1987 Chinese romantic drama movie directed by Zhang Yimou and was based on the 1986 novel by Mo Yan. It stars Gong Li, Jiang Wen, Ji Chunhua, Teng Rujun.


Sagging (fashion)

Sagging means when someone wears their trousers or jeans just below the waist. 

Sagging is mainly a male fashion. Women and girls' wearing low-rise pants in a manner that shows the females' G-string underwear or panties is not usually described as sagging. People who wear sagging trousers or pants are sometimes called "saggers".

The style was made popular by skaters and hip-hop musicians in the 1990s, although sagging may have gotten started as early as the late 1980s. It was later declared a symbol of freedom and being aware of fashion culture with many teenagers and young adults. It was also the symbol for rejection of the values in the mainstream society.

It is often said the style got started with the United States' prison system. In that system, belts are sometimes not allowed. There may also be situations wherein there is not enough clothing of the appropriate size.

Lahmacun

Lahmacun, also spelled Lahmajoon, is a Middle Eastern dish. 

The name Lahmacun comes from Arabic (لحم بعجين "lahma bi'ajeen") meaning meat and dough. Lahmacun is often described as Turkish Pizza or Armenian Pizza but it is not a pizza because it doesn’t have cheese on it.

Lahmacun is topped with minced meat with herbs and spices and cooked in a clay oven. It can be wrapped around like a burrito with salad inside or eaten as a flat bread.

Zōri

Zōri are Japanese sandals made of rice straw, leather, rubber and lacquered wood. In English-speaking countries, flip-flops (renamed zōri) are popular. 


Lamezia Terme

Lamezia Terme is an Italian city in Calabria. It has about 70,000 inhabitants.

Legnano

Legnano is an Italian city in Lombardy. It has about 60,200 inhabitants.

Cerignola

Cerignola is an Italian city in Apulia. It is about southeast of Foggia and has about 58,500 inhabitants.

Molfetta

Molfetta is a city in southern Italy. Molfetta is in the Apulia Region. It has about 59,000 inhabitants.

Velletri

Velletri is an Italian city in Lazio. About 53,000 people live there.

La Traviata (1983 movie)

La Traviata is a 1983 Italian Dutch musical movie directed by Franco Zeffirelli and was based on the 1853 opera of the same name by Giuseppe Verdi and Francesco Maria Piave. It stars Teresa Stratas, Plácido Domingo, Cornell MacNeill, Allan Monk, Pina Cei and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

COVID-19 pandemic in Andorra

The COVID-19 pandemic in Andorra is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in Andorra was confirmed on 2 March 2020, when a 20-year-old man returned from Milan, Italy.

Bucharest Non Stop

Bucharest Non Stop () is a 2015 Romanian comedy-drama movie directed by Dan Chișu and starring Gheorghe Ifrim, Ion Besoiu, Adrian Titieni, Dorina Lazăr, Dorian Boguță, Olimpia Melinte.

Pak Watan

Pak Watan (Urdu:پاک وطن) is a National personification and a term of endearment for Pakistan. The Word Watan refers to this sacred homeland, heimat, country, or nation.

Hajji

Hajji () (sometimes spelled Hadji, Haji, Alhaji, Al hage, Al-hajj or El-Hajj) is an honor title which is given to a Muslim who has successfully completed the Hajj to Mecca. It is also often used to call an elder, since it can take years to get enough the wealth to fund the travel and in many Muslim societies to a respected man as an honorific title. 

Prime Minister of South Ossetia

The Prime Minister of the Republic of South Ossetia, officially known as the Chairman of the Government () is the "de facto" head of government of the partially recognized Republic of South Ossetia.


Gennady Bekoyev

Gennady Borisovich Bekoyev (; born 1981) is a South Ossetian politician. He is the 16th Prime Minister of South Ossetia. Bekoyev was appointed to the position following the dismissal of Erik Pukhayev by President Anatoly Bibilov. Bekoyev is an independent.

Aleksandr Shavlokhov

Aleksandr Apollonovich Shavlokhov (, born in 1939) is a South Ossetian politician. He was the Prime Minister, from 1996 until August 1998.

Boris Chochiev

Boris Eliozovich Chochiev (Russian: Борис Елиозович Чочиев; ; 1 November 1957 – 22 July 2021) was a South Ossetian politician. He was the acting Prime Minister of South Ossetia in 2008. He became Prime Minister on 18 August 2008, after South Ossetian President Eduard Kokoity had fired the former government.

Chochiev died on 22 July 2021 in Vladikavkaz, Russia from COVID-19 at the age of 63. 

Hamzanama

Hamzanama (Urdu: داستان امیر حمزه) A national epic is an epic poem or a literary work of epic scope which seeks or is believed to capture and express the essence or spirit of a particular nation; not necessarily a nation-state, but at least an ethnic or linguistic group with aspirations to independence or autonomy. The Pakistani author Maqbool Jahangir wrote "Dastan-e-Amir Hamza" for children in the Urdu language. His version contains 10 volumes and was published by Ferozsons (also Ferozsons Publishers). The Hamza romance spread gradually, usually in its briefer and less elaborate forms, into a number of the modern languages of Southern Asia. Pashto and Sindhi were particularly hospitable to the Hamza story, and at least in Pashto it continues to flourish today, with printed pamphlet versions being produced. It therefore considered as the "“National Epic of Pakistan”" respectively.

President of South Ossetia

The president of the Republic of South Ossetia is the "de facto" head of state of the partially recognized Republic of South Ossetia.


Eduard Kokoity

Eduard Dzhabeyevich Kokoyty (; born 31 October 1964) is the former President of the partially recognized state South Ossetia. His term in office lasted just under ten years, beginning December 2001 and ending December 2011.

Vadim Brovtsev

Vadim Vladimirovich Brovtsev (, "Brovtsête Vlâdimire fert Vâdim"; , , "Vadim Brovcevi"; born 26 July 1969) is a Russian businessman who was Prime Minister of the Republic of South Ossetia from 5 August 2009 to 26 April 2012, as well as Acting President from December 11, 2011 to April 19, 2012. 

Leonid Tibilov

Leonid Tibilov (; ; ; born 28 March 1951) is a South Ossetian politician. He was the President of South Ossetia from 2012 to 2017.

Yi Yi

Yi Yi () is a 2000 Taiwanese Japanese drama movie directed by Edward Yang and starring Wu Nien-jen, Elaine Jin, Kelly Lee, Jonathan Chang, Issey Ogata.


Anatoly Bibilov

Anatoly Ilyich Bibilov (, ; born February 6, 1970) is a Russian and South Ossetian military officer. He was the 4th President of South Ossetia from April 21, 2017 until May 24, 2022.

John Cornell

John Cornell (2 March 1941 – 23 July 2021) was an Australian movie producer, writer, actor, and businessman. He was born in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia. He was best known for his role as "Strop" on "The Paul Hogan Show" and for writing the "Crocodile Dundee" movies. He also helped create the World Series Cricket in 1977.

He started as a journalist. Cornell became an editor of "The Daily News" at 26 years of age.

In 1971, he was working as a producer of "A Current Affair." He produced and co-wrote the screenplay for Hogan's 1986 film "Crocodile Dundee," produced and directed the"Crocodile Dundee II" sequel in 1988. 

Cornell died on 23 July 2021 at his home at Byron Bay, New South Wales from Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 80.

Alfred Biolek

Alfred Biolek (born Alfred Franz Maria Biolek; 10 July 1934 – 23 July 2021) was a German entertainer and television producer. Biolek was an honorary professor at the Academy of Media Arts Cologne. Biolek was born in Freistadt, Czechoslovakia. He helped produce some television specials for Monty Python.

Biolek died on 23 July 2021 in Cologne, aged 87.

COVID-19 pandemic in Samoa

The COVID-19 pandemic in Samoa is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in Samoa was confirmed on 18 November 2020. As of 1 June 2021, there were three COVID-19 cases in Samoa.

Mike Smith (football manager)

Michael John Smith (1937 – July 2021) was an English football manager. He managed the Wales and Egypt national teams and Hull City. His managing career lasted from 1974 until 1995.

His death was announced on 22 July 2021. He was 84.

Caril Ann Fugate

Caril Ann Fugate (born July 30, 1943, Nebraska) is the youngest female in the United States to have been tried and convicted of first-degree murder. She was the teenage girlfriend of Charles Starkweather, a serial killer. Fugate was age fourteen when Starkweather's conviction happened. She was convicted as his accomplice and given life imprisonment. She was paroled in 1976.

Fugate lived in Lincoln, Nebraska with her mother Velma Bartlett and her stepfather Marion Bartlett. In 1956, at age 13, Fugate got romantically involved to Charles Raymond Starkweather. The man had dropped out of high school. He was born almost five years before Fugate was. They bet by way of Caril's sister Barbara. The latter was dating Starkweather's friend Bob von Busch. Starkweather was a truck unloader for the Western Union newspaper warehouse. 

On Sunday, December 1, 1957, Starkweather committed his first murder when attendant Robert "Bobby" Calvert, working for a gas station near Lincoln, Nebraska, refused to let Starkweather buy a present for Fugate on credit. Starkweather then killed Calvert and robbed the gas station.

On January 21, 1958, Starkweather shot and killed Velda and Marion Bartlett. The killer then hit Fugate's baby half-sister, Betty Jean. That caused blunt-force trauma. Starkweather then stabbed her in the neck.

Starkweather and Fugate left Nebraska. They drove into Wyoming. They were involved in six more murders. Starkweather and Fugate were later arrested near Douglas, Wyoming. 

Starkweather was sentenced to death and executed in Nebraska's electric chair on Thursday, June 25, 1959. He insisted although he killed most of the victims, Fugate also killed several. Fugate maintained her innocence. However, she was tried and convicted for her role in the murder spree. While being tried, Fugate testified she was Starkweather's hostage. The jury, however, found Fugate's testimony as not credible.

While in prison, Fugate was called a model prisoner. After release, she lived in the Lansing, Michigan area for a long time.

The Nebraska Parole Board did not grant a pardon for Fugate. The decision was made in February 2020. The reason for the decision was because the role of a pardon is to restore rights to felons, not to set people free of their crimes.

The Starkweather–Fugate case was the inspiration for several movies. Those include "Kalifornia" (1993), "Natural Born Killers" (1994) and "Starkweather" (2004). The television movie, "Murder in the Heartland" (1993) was a biographical depiction of Fugate and Starkweather. The earlier is played by Fairuza Balk. The latter is played by Tim Roth


212 Warrior

212 Warrior (also known as Wiro Sableng 212 and Wiro Sableng Pendekar Kapak Maut Naga Geni 212) is a 2018 Indonesian action fantasy comedy movie directed by Angga Dwimas Sasongko and was based on the Wiro Sableng series by Bastian Tito. It stars Vino G. Bastian, Sherina Munaf, Marsha Timothy, Happy Salma, Dwi Sasono, Yayan Ruhian and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Greg Knapp

Gregory Fishbeck Knapp (March 5, 1963 – July 22, 2021) was an American football coach. He was an assistant coach in the National Football League (NFL) for 25 seasons with the New York Jets, Atlanta Falcons, Denver Broncos, Oakland Raiders, Houston Texans, Seattle Seahawks and San Francisco 49ers. He was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.

Knapp was hit by a car while riding his bike in San Ramon, California on July 17, 2021. He died from his injuries five days later on July 22, aged 58.

Jean-Pierre Jaussaud

Jean-Pierre Jaussaud (3 June 1937 – 21 July 2021) was a French racing driver. He was known for winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1978 and 1980. Jaussaud was born in Caen, France. He raced with Formula Three cars.

Jaussaud died on 21 July 2021 in Caen of a heart attack, aged 84.

Los Bracitos tree frog

The Los Bracitos tree frog or Hispaniolan green tree frog ("Boana heilprini") is a frog that lives in Hispaniola, which is the island that has Haiti and the Dominican Republic on it. Scientists have seen it as high as 1823 meters above sea level.

Rahul Gupta

Rahul Gupta (born 1970 or 1971) is an American physician. He was born in India and raised in Washington, D.C.. He is the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy since 2021 during the Joe Biden administration.

Gupta was in charge of the Kanawha-Charleston Health Department from 2009 to 2014. He became the director of the West Virginia Bureau of Public Health in 2015, and focused on reducing overdose deaths from the opioid epidemic.

In July 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Gupta to serve as director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 28, 2021.

Summerville, South Carolina

Summerville is a town in the U.S. state of South Carolina, mostly in Dorchester County with small parts in Berkeley and Charleston counties. It is part of the Charleston-North Charleston-Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population of Summerville at the 2020 census was 50,915.

St. George, South Carolina

Saint George is a town in Dorchester County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 1,843 at the 2020 census. It has been the county seat of Dorchester County since 1897. 

Malagasy cuisine

Malagasy food is the cuisine of Madagascar. Malagasy cuisine is generally very similar to Creole cuisines, and are usually very spicy and usually generous. Most of it has been influenced by South Asia.

Papilio polyctor

The common peacock ("Papilio polyctor"), is a swallowtail butterfly found in the Indian subcontinent. It is found in the Great Himalayas and parts of Pakistan and Northern India. 

Dropping out

Dropping out means leaving school. Reasons students drop out include because they must work, for social reasons, because of harassment, because of illness or because they no longer trust the school system that they are leaving. Unlike failing or expulsion, dropping out is the student's decision and not the school's.

In Canada, most people graduate from grade 12 by age 18. It was found by the Labour Force Survey (LFS) that by 2009, one in twelve 20-to-24 year old adults in Canada did not have a diploma from high school (Gilmore, 2010). The study also showed that males had higher dropout rates than females. Other people with stronger risks for dropping out were those outside urban/suburban areas or in the northern territories. Beginning from 1990 the Canadian dropout rates went down from 20% (1990) to around 9% (2010). From 2010 and after, however, the rate did not drop across Canada. When females drop out of high school, they get less money, the economic costs are greater and they have higher rates of unemployment than male dropouts. Female high school dropouts are more likely to rely on public support programs than male dropouts.

Dropping out of school is not allowed in the United Kingdom. Dropping out of college or universities, however, "is" allowed. Students under age 16 must attend a school with the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE).

In the United States, dropping out means students entirely quit school before they graduate. About 1.2 million students drop out of high school every year in the United States. They do this for different reasons: bullying, family emergency, poor grades, depression, mental illness, bad environment or not enough freedom. Students who drop out of high school in the United States are more likely to be unemployed, homeless or receiving welfare. Members of certain racial or ethnic groups drop out at higher rates than white students. Students raised in single-parent families and low poor students are more likely to drop out.

Many states say students must stay in school until they are 16, like in the United Kingdom. However, in 1972, the United States Supreme Court said that Amish students do not have to go to high school.

Daniel Brochu

Daniel Brochu (born February 28, 1970) is a Canadian actor, who is well known for voicing Buster Baxter in the PBS Kids TV series Arthur and it's spin-off Postcards from Buster, as well as Danny Pickett in later seasons of "What's with Andy?".

Mint Hill, North Carolina

Mint Hill is a town in Mecklenburg and Union counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 26,450 people live in Mint Hill.

Thinhorn sheep

The thinhorn sheep ("Ovis dalli") is a hoofed animal in the family Bovidae. They live in northwestern North America.

There are about 115,000 thinhorn sheep alive. There are two subspecies of thinhorn sheep, the Dall sheep ("Ovis dalli dalli") and stone sheep ("Ovis dalli stonei"). Most thinhorn sheep are Dall sheep.

Most of the stone sheep live in British Columbia.

These sheep are about 1.5 m high and can weigh up to 110 kg. The female sheep have small horns but the male sheep have larger horns that twist more as they get older. The horns are tan in color. The wool of Dall's sheep is almost pure white. The wool of the stone sheep is almost all black. Stone sheep's horns do not flare out as much and are lighter in color.

These sheep live in mountains. In the summer, they come to grassy places to eat twigs, sage, buds, leaves and grass. These places are 1200 to 1500 meters above sea level. In the winter, they stay on the south sides of the mountains, where it is warmer. These places are about 1500 to 2200 meters above sea level. Although they do well in the cold, thinhorn sheep do not move easily through deep snow. They have short legs and small feet, so they cannot walk through snow or on top of it. Instead, they try to live in forests where the snow is not deep or near cliffs. They can climb the cliffs to get away from animals that want to eat them. They follow the same routes from summer places to winter places for generations.

Thinhorn sheep live in herds. Most of the time, the rams live together in a bachelor herd, and the ewes and young sheep live together in other herds. Male sheep leave the female herds when they are about two years old.

The sheep mate in November. Although younger rams can mate, it is mostly the older rams who actually do. Rams only fight each other if their horns are almost the same size. Otherwise, rams with smaller horns give way to rams with larger horns. Thinhorn rams do not fight each other as much as bighorn rams do.

The ewes give birth when the Spring plants are growing. The ewe climbs up into a rock place and gives birth. She and her lamb stay there for a few days before coming back down. This makes it harder for predators to find and eat the new lamb.

Golden eagles, wolves, bears, and wolverines eat thinhorn sheep. It is easiest for predators to catch sheep in bad winters, when the snow is deep and the spring comes later. The sheep are hungry and cannot run away quickly.

Thinhorn sheep and snow sheep became two separate species around the time the last ice age ended, 10,000 to 18,000 years ago.

Shallotte, North Carolina

Shallotte is a town in Brunswick County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,185 people live in Shallotte.

Newport, North Carolina

Newport is a town in Carteret County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,364 people live in Newport.

Melissa Altro

Melissa Altro (born May 16, 1982) is a Canadian voice actress from Montreal, Quebec. Prior to having a career in voice acting, Altro guest-starred on a 1994 episode of the YTV/Nickelodeon series Are You Afraid of the Dark?. Altro also provides the voice of Gretchen in the Teletoon/Disney XD animated series Camp Lakebottom. Altro is perhaps best known for voicing Muffy Crosswire on the PBS Kids animated television series Arthur (1996-present).

Single parent

A single parent is a parent who lives with their children but does not live with a spouse or partner. People may become single parents if they are breaking up with the other parent. This may happen because of domestic violence, sexual assault/rape, because the woman gives birth alone, because of abandonment, or by choice. Single-parent families are those having children that are in the control of one parent.

In homes in OECD countries in 2011, single-parent homes made up about 3-11%. The average was 7.5%. The percentage was highest in Australia (10%), Canada (10%), Mexico (10%), the United States (10%), Lithuania (10%), Costa Rica (11%), Latvia(11%) and New Zealand (11%). It was the lowest in Japan (3%), Greece (4%), Switzerland (4%), Bulgaria (5%), Croatia (5%), Germany (5%), Italy (5%) and Cyprus (5%).

In homes having children in 2005–09, the percentage of single-parent homes was 10% in Japan, 16% in the Netherlands, 19% in Sweden, 20% in France, 22% in Denmark, 22% in Germany, 23% in Ireland, 25% in Canada, 25% in the United Kingdom and 30% in the United States. The U.S. majority increased from 20% in 1980 to 30% in 2008.

In all OECD countries, most single-parent homes included a mother. Between 9% and 25% included a father. The lowest numbers were for Estonia (9%), Costa Rica (10%), Japan (10%), Ireland (10%) and the United Kingdom. The highest were in Norway (22%), Spain (23%), Sweden (24%), Romania (25%) and the United States (25%).

In most single-parent families, the parent is the mother. In 2016, the number of 6–12 year olds living mostly with their fathers was between 5% and 36% in the many OECD countries. It was highest in Belgium (17%), Iceland (19%), Slovenia (20%), France (22%), Norway (23%) and Sweden (36%). It was the lowest in Lithuania (4%), Ireland (5%), Poland (5%), Estonia (7%), Austria (7%) and the United Kingdom (8%). In the United States it was 15%.

Over 9.5 million American families are each run by one woman. Single mothers are likely to have mental health problems, trouble with money, be at risk of poverty and receive low levels of social support. The mental health problems that affect single mothers include anxiety and depression.

Often, low-income women cannot get good mental health care services. These women are less likely to receive mental health treatment.

Children raised by a single parent are more likely than two-parent children to have these problems: failing grades at school, committing crimes, substance abuse, poverty and being dependent on welfare. One study showed that many American children from single-parent families are less good at mathematics and reading tests than other American children.

In Sweden, research has shown that children living with one parent have far worse well-being, family relationships, mental health, peer friendships, physical health, bullying and cultural activities than families with both parents.

Experts disagree about what the most important part of a family is, especially experts in the United States. Some people say that a single parent family is not really a family.

Dall sheep

The Dall sheep or Dall's sheep is a subspecies of Thinhorn sheep. They usually eat grass and other plants. They live in northwestern North America, in Canada and Alaska.

These sheep are about 1.5 m high and can weigh up to 110 kg. The female sheep have small horns but the male sheep have larger horns that twist more as they get older. The horns are tan in color. The wool of Dall's sheep is almost pure white.

The sheep's horns grow fastest in warm weather and slowest in cold weather. This puts rings in the horns called annuli. The number of rings shows how old the sheep is.

The other kind of thinhorn sheep, the stone sheep, can breed with Dall sheep. These thinhorn sheep are sometimes called Fannin's sheep.

Most Dall sheep live to be about 12 years old, but some ewes live to be 16 or even 19.

There are about 100,000 Dall sheep in the world. They live in Alaska in the Kenai Peninsula and Brooks Range. They live in Canada's Yukon and Northwest Territories in the Mackenzie Mountains, Kluane and Saint Elia ranges.

Like other thinhorn sheep, Dall sheep live in mountains. Because they do not have long legs or large feet, they cannot move easily in snow. Instead, they live in places where the wind blows the snow away before it gets too deep. They climb onto rocks to escape animals that want to eat them. They follow the same paths from summer places to winter places for generations.

Dall sheep live in herds. Most of the time, the rams live together in a bachelor herd, and the ewes and young sheep live together in other herds. Male sheep leave the female herds when they are two or three years old.

The sheep mate in November. Although younger rams can mate, it is mostly the older rams who actually do.

Before an ewe gives birth, she climbs into a rocky place that humans call a "lambing cliff." She gives birth there. She and her lamb stay there for a few days before coming back down. This makes it harder for predators to find and eat the new lamb. The lamb can eat grass by October.

Golden eagles, wolves, grizzly bears, and wolverines eat thinhorn sheep.

Thinhorn sheep and snow sheep became two separate species around the time the last ice age ended, 10,000 to 18,000 years ago. After that, the thinhorn sheep moved east and spread out. The Dall sheep and stone sheep became separate subspecies some time after that.

Elisabeth Falkhaven

Elisabeth Falkhaven (born September 12, 1955 in Partille, Sweden) is a Swedish politician from the Green Party. She is a member of Riksdag from Halland County since 2018.

On June 23, 2021, she undertook support for Aliaksandr Kardziukou. Aliaksandr Kardziukou saw the murder of Hienadz Shutau and is a political prisoner from Belarus.

Waiting for the Sea

Waiting for the Sea () is a 2012 Russian Ukrainian Belgian French Kazakhstani German Tajik drama movie directed by Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov and starring Egor Beroev, Anastasiya Mikulchina, Detlev Buck, Dinmukhamet Akhimov.

Sherwood Schwartz

Sherwood Charles Schwartz (November 14, 1916 - July 12, 2011) was an American television producer. He worked on radio shows in the 1940s, but he now is best known for creating the 1960s television series Gilligan's Island (1964-1967) for CBS and The Brady Bunch (1969-1974) for ABC. On March 7, 2008, Schwartz, at the time still active in his 90s, was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. That same year, Schwartz was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame.

The Family Jewels (movie)

The Family Jewels is a 1965 American comedy movie directed by Jerry Lewis (who also played seven roles in the movie) and starring Donna Butterworth, Sebastian Cabot, Neil Hamilton, Jay Adler. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for 1 Golden Globe in 1966.

Lock Haven, Pennsylvania

Lock Haven is the county seat in Clinton County, Pennsylvania. It started as a town in 1833. It was declared a city in 1870. As of 2020, there were 8,108 people living in the city.
The most damaging floods in Lock Haven happened in June 1972 when remnants from Hurricane Agnes crossed Schuylkill County within 75 miles of Lock Haven.

Morrisville, North Carolina

Morrisville is a town in Wake and Durham counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, 29,630 people live in Morrisville.

Mount Pleasant, North Carolina

Mount Pleasant is a town in Cabarrus County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,671 people live in Mount Pleasant.

Smithfield, North Carolina

Smithfield is a town in and the county seat of Johnston County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 11,292 people live in Smithfield. It is the birthplace of the Hollywood actress, Ava Gardner.

Winterville, North Carolina

Winterville is a town in Pitt County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 10,462 people live in Winterville.

Papilio bianor

The Common peacock black swallowtail emerald "(Papilio bianor)", is a swallowtail butterfly found in Asia. It is also found in the Great Himalayas and parts of Pakistan and Northern India. 

Taylorsville, North Carolina

Taylorsville is a town in and the county seat of Alexander County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,320 people live in Taylorsville.

Thilo Kehrer

Jan Thilo Kehrer (; born 21 September 1996) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for Premier League club West Ham United and the Germany national team. Mainly a centre-back, he can also play in either full-back position.

Life Is a Miracle

Life Is a Miracle () is a 2004 Serbian Montenegrin French Italian war musical comedy drama movie directed by Emir Kusturica and starring Slavko Štimac, Nataša Šolak, Vesna Trivalić, Goran Jevtić, Vuk Kostić, Aleksandar Berček.


Mayor of Tower Hamlets

The mayor of Tower Hamlets is the directly elected mayor of Tower Hamlets London Borough Council in east London, England. The first election for this position happened on 21 October 2010. 

Henry Wade

Henry Menasco Wade (November 11, 1914 – March 1, 2001) was an American lawyer. He was the district attorney of Dallas County from 1951 to 1987. He was known for his prosecution of Jack Ruby for killing Lee Harvey Oswald, and the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing abortion, "Roe v. Wade".

Wade died of problems caused by Parkinson's disease on March 1, 2001 in Dallas, Texas at the age of 86.

Vanquish (movie)

Vanquish is a 2021 action-thriller movie, directed by George Gallo. The movie starring Ruby Rose and Morgan Freeman.

Yungas tree frog

The Yungas tree frog, fasciated frog or spotted tree frog ("Boana balzani") is a frog that lives in Bolivia and Peru. Scientists have seen it between 1200 and 2210 meters above sea level in the Andes mountains.

This frog lives in cloud forests.

Vanquish (video game)

Snow sheep

The snow sheep ("Ovis nivicola") is a sheep in the family Bovidae. It lives in Siberia.

Scientists put the snow sheep in the subgenus "Pachyceros". They are in the same group as bighorn sheep and thinhorn sheep. The bighorns and thinhorns live in North America and the snow sheep live in Eurasia. The snow sheep used to be called the Asiatic bighorn sheep.

Scientists do not all agree on how many subspecies of snow sheep there are:


The adult male snow sheep can weigh 70-100 kg (155-222 lbs). The adult female snow sheep can weigh 40-70 kg (90-155 lbs). This is heavier than most sheep. They have very thick, curly horns that can be a meter long.

The snow sheep live further north than any other Eurasian sheep. They live in a large part of Russia with mountains in it.

Snow sheep like open places without many trees or large bushes.

Snow sheep eat grasses, green plants, and sedge. They can also eat lichen and pine needles. Like other sheep, snow sheep lick clay for the salt. The kodar subspecies eats coal, but scientists are not sure why.

Snow sheep and thinhorn sheep became two separate species around the time the last ice age ended, 10,000 to 18,000 years ago. Scientists think the sheep became different species because the water melted and covered the Bering land bridge.

The Kansan (movie)

The Kansan is a 1943 American western movie directed by George Archainbaud and starring Richard Dix, Jane Wyatt, Albert Dekker, Eugene Pallette, Victor Jory, Beryl Wallace, Hobart Cavanaugh, Willie Best, Douglas Fowley. It was distributed by United Artists and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1944.


List of Kamp Koral: SpongeBob's Under Years episodes


She's the One (1996 movie)

She's the One is a 1996 American romantic comedy movie directed by Edward Burns (who also stars) and also starring Cameron Diaz, Jennifer Aniston, John Mahoney, Maxine Bahns, Mike McGlone, Leslie Mann, Amanda Pett, Frank Vincent. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jack of Diamonds (1967 movie)

Jack of Diamonds is a 1967 American German crime drama movie directed by Don Taylor and starring George Hamilton, Joseph Cotten, Zsa Zsa Gabor, Carroll Baker, Maurice Evans, Marie Laforêt. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Skite (album)

Skite is the third studio album by Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias, released on September 8, 1978. The album was produced by Ian Dury and the Blockheads keyboardist and guitarist Chaz Jankel. Recorded in May 1978, the album was Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias' first studio album released following the success of 1977's "Italians from the Outer Space", which included the UK Top 40 single "Old Trust".

The music on "Skite" is built around sendups of pop and rock music of the late-1970s, featuring sendups of ABBA, Robyn Hitchcock, Status Quo, Ian Dury and the Blockheads, Pink Floyd, Nick Lowe, The Buzzcocks, The Stranglers and Devo. The album also features reggae version of Pete Seeger's "Where Have All the Flowers Gone" and doo-wop version of Sex Pistols' "Anarchy in the U.K.".

Despite a mixed critical reception, "Skite" sold well and peaked at number fifty on the UK Singles Chart. The album produced one of Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias's more famous singles, "Heads Down No-Nonsense Mindless Boogie", a sendup of Status Quo and "Juan Lopez (The Lonely Goatherd)", a sendup of ABBA; "Heads Down No-Nonsense Mindless Boogie" peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart.



Taothingmang

Taothingmang was a Meetei ruler of Ningthouja dynasty of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He is a son and the successor of Emperor Khuyoi Tompok.
He is one of the nine kings associated with the different designs in a historic flag of the kingdom. Other than the Cheitharol Kumbaba, the Ningthourol Lambuba and the Chada Laihui, Taothingmang and his elder brother Yoimongba are also especially mentioned in the Toreirol Lambuba and the Tutenglon.

Mickey Levy

Michael (Mickey) Levy, Hebrew: מיכאל (מיקי) לוי , (born 21 June 1951) is an Israeli politician of Yesh Atid.

Levy was born in Jerusalem. He was a major in the IDF, commander of the Judea and Samaria police district as well of the Jerusalem police district, and police attaché in the United States. Later on he was head of the Egged Ta'avura bus company.

He has been a member of the Knesset since 5 February 2013. From 2013 to 2014 he was deputy minister of finance in the Third Netanyahu Government. Since 13 June 2021 he has been speaker of the Knesset.

Levy holds a bachelor in political science from Haifa University. He is married with four children and lives west of Jerusalem in Mevasseret Tzion.


Iznasen Berber

Iznasen Berber or Taznast (Berber : ⵜⴰⵣⵏⴰⵙⵙⵜ, Arabic : الزناتية زناسنية) is the original dialect of the At Iznasen, an Arabized berber tribe, established in the extreme north-east of Morocco in Berkane province, the north of Oujda province and the north of Taourirt province, before the border between Algeria and Morocco.
The arabic language is predominant at the Iznasen tribe. 

Vice Squad (1953 movie)

Vice Squad is a 1953 American crime movie directed by Arnold Laven and was based on the novel "Harness Bull" by Leslie T. White. It stars Edward G. Robinson, Paulette Goddard, K. T. Stevens, Porter Hall, Edward Binns, Jay Adler, Lee Van Cleef, Dan Riss and was distributed by United Artists.


Brannigan (movie)

Brannigan is a 1975 British American action thriller movie directed by Douglas Hickox and starring John Wayne, Richard Attenborough, Judy Geeson, Mel Ferrer, John Vernon, Ralph Meeker, Lesley Anne Down, James Booth. It was distributed by United Artists.


Blind Date (1984 movie)

Blind Date, also known as "Deadly Seduction", is a 1984 American British Greek erotic thriller movie directed by Nico Mastorakis and starring Kirstie Alley, Joseph Bottoms, Marina Sirtis, Lana Clarkson. It was distributed by New Line Cinema.


List of national mottos

A national motto is chosen to describe the intent or motivation of the state in a short phrase. For example, it can be included on a country's flag, coat of arms, or a currency for that country.

Cairo International Stadium

The Cairo International Stadium is a large stadium in Cairo, Egypt. It has a capacity of 75,000 people, and is the most visited stadium in Egypt. The stadium was opened in 1960. It was designed by Werner March, the same man who also designed the Berlin Olympic Stadium.

The stadium hosts matches from the Egypt national team, Al Ahly, and Zamalek SC.

Many games in the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations were played at this stadium, including the final between Algeria and Senegal.

30 June Stadium

30 June Stadium is a stadium in Cairo, Egypt. It has a capacity of 30,000 people. It was built by the Egyptian Air Defense Forces.

The stadium is used by the Egyptian Premier League club Pyramids FC, and was one of the stadiums which hosted 2019 Africa Cup of Nations matches.

On 8 February 2015, 20 football fans died from a stampede when the crowd panicked after police used tear gas to clear the fans trying to force their way into the stadium.

Borg El Arab Stadium

Borg El Arab Stadium is the second largest stadium in Africa, and is in Borg El Arab, near Alexandria, Egypt. It has a capacity of 86,000 people.

It hosts some matches for the Egypt national team, Smouha SC, Al Ahly SC, and Al Ittihad Alexandria Club.

Organic acid

Organic acid is a type of organic compound that typically has acidic properties. A common example of organic acids are called carboxyl acids, which are generally known as weak acids and do not totally dissociate in a medium such as water, unlike with strong minerals.

The simplest form of organic acids, such as acetic and formic, are typically used in stimulation treatments against corrosion for gas and oil, since these are less reactive compared to hydrochloric acid and other strong acids.

Femen

Femen is a group of people which identify as feminist. The group was founded in 2008, in Ukraine. Since then, they mostly became known for different protests, they did with their breasts exposted (topless).

Rashid Rauf

Rashid Rauf (ca. 1981 – 22 November 2008) was a person thought to work for Al-Qaeda. He was a citizen of two countries, with them being the United Kingdom and Pakistan. He would be arrested in Bhawalpur, Pakistan as he was involved with the 2006 transatlantic aircraft plot in August 2006, a day before some other arrests were made in the United Kingdom. The Pakistani Interior Minister, Aftab Ahmed Khan Sherpao, thought that he was definitely someone who worked for al Qaeda. He was thought to be one of the leaders of the plot. In December 2006, the anti-terrorism court in Rawalpindi said that they couldn't find any proof that showed he had been involved in helping terrorists, but was charged with some smaller charges.

Rauf was born in England with people originally from Pakistan as his parents, and was in Birmingham during his childhood. Rauf was married to someone in the family of Maulana Masood Azhar.

Rauf would be killed in 2008 in a drone strike.

2021 Henan floods

From 17-31 July 2021, China's Henan province has been affected by flooding caused by a long period of heavy rainfall. There had been record-breaking maximum rainfall in an hour, , was seen in Zhengzhou, the capital of the province. The floods and landslides have killed least 56 people with at least 5 went missing. 585,193 people were evacuated, 919,519 were relocated, and 7.579 million people were affected. 

The floods were made more likely because of extreme weather caused by climate change in China.

Tuomo Ylipulli

Tuomo Sakari Ylipulli (3 March 1965 – 23 July 2021) was a Finnish ski jumper. He was born in Rovaniemi, Finland. He won a gold medal in the Team large hill competition at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary. He also won two gold medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in 1985 and 1987.

Ylipulli died on 23 July 2021 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 56.

Marshall Applewhite

Marshall Herff "Do" Applewhite Jr. (May 17, 1931 – March 26, 1997) was an American cult leader. He co-founded what became known as the Heaven's Gate religious group and organized their mass suicide in 1997, which killed 39 people. Applewhite was born in Spur, Texas. 

In 1954, Applewhite was drafted by the United States Army and served in Austria and New Mexico as a member of the Army Signal Corps.

Applewhite believed in the ancient astronaut hypothesis, which said that extraterrestrials had visited humanity in the past and put humans on Earth and would return to collect some people.

Applewhite killed himself during the Heaven's Gate mass suicide by drinking barbiturate at his Rancho Santa Fe, California mansion, aged 65.

Jeremy Gelbwaks

Jeremy Russell Gelbwaks (born May 22, 1961) is an American former child actor who starred as Chris Partridge in the television series "The Partridge Family" from 1970 to 1971 on ABC.

Rancho Santa Fe, California

Rancho Santa Fe is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Diego County, California, United States. It is within the San Diego metropolitan area. ​The population was 3,156 at the 2020 census. 

David Reimer

David Reimer (born Bruce Peter Reimer; 22 August 1965 – 4 May 2004) was a Canadian man who was born male but raised as a girl following medical advice and after his penis was badly injured during a circumcision gone wrong in infancy. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Reimer's parents were told to raise him as a girl by Dr John Money. He displayed a lot of masculine behavior, including urinating while standing up over the toilet. Reimer realized that he was not a girl between the ages of 9 and 11 years. 

He reverted to living as a male at age 15. His surgery gone wrong has been used as an example of what not to do and became known as the "John/Joan" case. Reimer later went public with his story to help people not go through similar medical practices. 

Reimer, who was suffering from depression, killed himself on 4 May 2004 in Winnipeg after shooting himself outside a grocery store, aged 38.

John and Lorena Bobbitt

John Wayne Bobbitt (born March 23, 1967) and Lorena Bobbitt (née Gallo; born October 31, 1969) were an American couple married on June 18, 1989 and lived in Manassas, Virginia. Their relationship became well known in 1993 when, after claims of years of rape and abuse by her husband, Lorena cut off his penis with a knife while he was asleep in bed. The penis was surgically reattached. 

John was born in Buffalo, New York and Lorena was born in Guayas Province, Ecuador.

John Bobbitt was acquitted on the rape charge. Lorena Bobbitt was found not guilty for reason of insanity.

In 1995, after six years of marriage, John and Lorena finalized their divorce.

After the events, John starred in two pornographic movies in the 1990s and said in 2018 that his penis is "back to normal".

Lorena was invited by President Abdalá Bucaram for an official dinner and later became godparents to each other's children in 1996.

In December 1997, Lorena was charged with assault for punching her mother, Elvia Gallo, as they watched television. She was eventually acquitted of assault and in 2007, she founded Lorena's Red Wagon organization, which helps prevent domestic violence through family-oriented activities.

National personification

A National personification are concepts such as nations, emotions, and natural forces/phenomena, such as seasons and weather in relation to personae characteristics of a state or the people(s) it inhabits. It may appear in political mascots and cultural depictions.


Idris of Libya

Idris (; El Sayyid Prince Muhammad Idris bin Muhammad al-Mahdi as-Senussi; 13 March 1890 – 25 May 1983) was a Libyan political and religious leader. He was the Emir of Cyrenaica. Idris was the King of the United Kingdom of Libya (renamed as the Kingdom of Libya in 1963) from 1951 to 1969. He was the chief of the Senussi Muslim order.

Sheldon Lee Glashow

Sheldon Lee Glashow (, ; born December 5, 1932) is an American theoretical physicist. He is the Metcalf Professor of Mathematics and Physics at Boston University. He is also a professor emeritus, at Harvard University. He is known for his works about the unification of electroweak interactions. He won the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics alongside Steven Weinberg and Abdus Salam.

Glashow was born in New York City. He studied at Cornell University and Harvard University. In 1972, he married Joan Shirley Alexander. They have four children.


Steven Weinberg

Steven Weinberg (; May 3, 1933 – July 23, 2021) was an American theoretical physicist. He won the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physics for his works with Abdus Salam and Sheldon Glashow to the unification of the weak force and electromagnetic interactions. 

Weinberg was born in New York City. He studied at Cornell University and Princeton University. In 1954, he married law academic Louise Goldwasser. They have one daughter, Elizabeth. Weinberg is Jewish and a liberal.

Weinberg died on July 23, 2021 at a hospital in Austin, Texas at the age of 88.

Louise Weinberg

Louise Weinberg (née Goldwasser; born December 5, 1932) is an American legal scholar. She is known for being the chairholder and law professor at the University of Texas Law School. She is known for her "judicial federalism" legal theory. 

Weinberg was born in New York City. She studied at Cornell University and at Harvard University. From 1954 until his death in 2021, she was married to physicist and Nobel winner Steven Weinberg. They had one daughter.

Jerome Isaac Friedman

Jerome Isaac Friedman (born March 28, 1930) is an American physicist. He is Institute Professor and Professor of Physics, "Emeritus, "at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He won the 1990 Nobel Prize in Physics along with Henry Kendall and Richard Taylor, for work showing an internal structure for protons later known to be quarks. 

Friedman was born in Chicago, Illinois to a Jewish family. He studied at the University of Chicago. In 1956, he married Tania Letetsky-Baranovsky. They have four children.

In 2003, he was one of 22 Nobel winners who signed the Humanist Manifesto. He is an atheist.

Henry Way Kendall

Henry Way Kendall (December 9, 1926 – February 15, 1999) was an American particle physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1990 with Jerome Isaac Friedman and Richard E. Taylor for their works on the scattering of electrons on protons and the creation of the quark model in particle physics.

Kendall was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He studied at Amherst College and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Kendall died, aged 72, while diving the cave at the Edward Ball Wakulla Springs State Park in Wakulla County, Florida on February 15, 1999. He ran out of oxygen while ignoring safety protocols, which his autopsy found to be on purpose because of a physiological issue.

Amherst College

Amherst College ( ) is a private liberal arts college in Amherst, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1821 as an attempt to relocate Williams College.

Creedmoor, Texas

Creedmoor is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Jonestown, Texas

Jonestown is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Lakeway, Texas

Lakeway is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Alfred Loewenstein

Alfred Léonard Loewenstein (11 March 1877 – 4 July 1928) was a Belgian banker and businessman. Loewenstein was worth around £12 million in the currency of the time (equivalent to £ million in ), making him the third richest person in the world at the time. 

Loewenstein died on 4 July 1928 after his body fell out of his private plane that was travelling over the North Sea, aged 51. The reason why he fell out of the plane is unknown as murder, accidental or suicide have been not been ruled out.

Leonard, Texas

Leonard is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Tsung-Dao Lee

Tsung-Dao Lee (; born November 24, 1926) is a Chinese-American physicist. He was born in Shanghai. He is known for his work on parity violation, the Lee Model, particle physics, relativistic heavy ion (RHIC) physics, nontopological solitons and soliton stars. 

He was a University Professor Emeritus at Columbia University, where he taught from 1953 until his retirement in 2012.

In 1957, Lee, at the age of 30, won the Nobel Prize in Physics with Chen Ning Yang for their work on the violation of the parity law in weak interactions.

COVID-19 pandemic in Vanuatu

The COVID-19 pandemic in Vanuatu is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in Vanuatu was confirmed on 11 November 2020. The Vanuatuan Government and groups such as the Vanuatu Red Cross support and encourage vaccination against COVID-19.

Shin'ichirō Tomonaga

, usually known as Sin-Itiro Tomonaga in English, was a Japanese physicist and important in the creation of quantum electrodynamics. For this, he won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1965 along with Richard Feynman and Julian Schwinger. Tomonaga was born in Tokyo.

Tomonaga died on July 8, 1979 in Tokyo of throat cancer, aged 73.

Samuel C. C. Ting

Samuel Chao Chung Ting (, born January 27, 1936) is a Chinese-American physicist. With Burton Richter, he won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1976 for discovering the subatomic J/ψ particle. He has been the principal investigator in research with the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer. 

Ting was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He studied at the University of Michigan.

Arno Allan Penzias

Arno Allan Penzias (; April 26, 1933 – January 22, 2024) was a German-born American physicist and radio astronomer. Along with Robert Woodrow Wilson, he discovered the cosmic microwave background radiation, which helped create the Big Bang theory of cosmology. He and Wilson won the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Penzias was born in Munich, Germany and raised in New York City. He studied at Columbia University.

Penzias died from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease in San Francisco, California on January 22, 2024, at the age of 90.

Pyotr Kapitsa

Pyotr Leonidovich Kapitsa or Peter Kapitza (Russian: Пётр Леонидович Капица, Romanian: Petre Capița ( – 8 April 1984) was a Soviet physicist and engineer. He was best known for his work in low-temperature physics. He won the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physics.

William Alfred Fowler

William Alfred Fowler (August 9, 1911 – March 14, 1995) was an American nuclear physicist. With Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar, he won the 1983 Nobel Prize in Physics. He is known for his theoretical and experimental research into nuclear reactions within stars and the energy elements produced in the process. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Fowler died on March 14, 1995 in Pasadena, California from kidney failure, aged 83.

Manor, Texas

Manor is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Carlo Rubbia

Carlo Rubbia, (born 31 March 1934) is an Italian particle physicist and inventor. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1984 with Simon van der Meer for work leading to the discovery of the W and Z particles at CERN. He was born in Gorizia, Italy.

Klaus von Klitzing

Klaus von Klitzing (, born 28 June 1943) is a German physicist. He is known for his discovery of the integer quantum Hall effect. He was awarded the 1985 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Ernst Ruska

Ernst August Friedrich Ruska (25 December 1906 – 27 May 1988) was a German physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1986 for his work in electron optics. He helped create the design of the first electron microscope.

Gerd Binnig

Gerd Binnig (born 20 July 1947) is a German physicist. He is most famous for having won the Nobel Prize in Physics jointly with Heinrich Rohrer in 1986 for the invention of the scanning tunneling microscope.

Georg Bednorz

Johannes Georg Bednorz (born 16 May 1950) is a German physicist. With K. Alex Müller, they discovered high-temperature superconductivity in ceramics, for which they shared the 1987 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Russell Alan Hulse

Russell Alan Hulse (born November 28, 1950) is an American physicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1993, which he shared with his thesis advisor Joseph Hooton Taylor Jr., for the discovery of a new type of pulsar and his studies on gravitational waves.

In 2004, Hulse joined University of Texas at Dallas and became the Founding Director of UT Dallas Science and Engineering Education Center (SEEC).

Joseph Hooton Taylor Jr.

Joseph Hooton Taylor Jr. (born March 29, 1941) is an American astrophysicist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1993 for his discovery with Russell Alan Hulse of a "new type of pulsar, a discovery that has opened up new possibilities for the study of gravitation".

Taylor Jr. was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at Harvard University.


Frederick Reines

Frederick Reines ( ; March 16, 1918 – August 26, 1998) was an American physicist. He was awarded the 1995 Nobel Prize in Physics for his works on the neutrino with Clyde Cowan in the neutrino experiment.

Clyde Cowan

Clyde Lorrain Cowan Jr (December 6, 1919 – May 24, 1974) was an American physicist. He was the co-discoverer of the neutrino along with Frederick Reines. The discovery was made in 1956 in the neutrino experiment.
Frederick Reines received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1995 in both their names.

David Lee (physicist)

David Morris Lee (born January 20, 1931) is an American physicist. He shared the 1996 Nobel Prize in Physics with Robert C. Richardson and Douglas Osheroff for their discovery of superfluidity in helium-3. Lee is professor emeritus of physics at Cornell University and distinguished professor of physics at Texas A&M University. Lee was born in Rye, New York.

Robert Coleman Richardson

Robert Coleman Richardson (June 26, 1937 – February 19, 2013) was an American experimental physicist. He was known for his works on sub-millikelvin temperature studies of helium-3. He won the 1996 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Douglas Osheroff

Douglas Dean Osheroff (born August 1, 1945) is an American physicist. He is known for his work in experimental condensed matter physics and for his co-discovery of superfluidity in Helium-3. He shared the 1996 Nobel Prize in Physics along with David Lee and Robert C. Richardson.

Claude Cohen-Tannoudji

Claude Cohen-Tannoudji (born 1 April 1933) is a French physicist. He shared the 1997 Nobel Prize in Physics with Steven Chu and William Daniel Phillips for research in methods of laser cooling and trapping atoms. He is still an active researcher, working at the École normale supérieure (Paris).

William Daniel Phillips

William Daniel Phillips (born November 5, 1948) is an American physicist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physics, in 1997, with Steven Chu and Claude Cohen-Tannoudji.

In 1996, he received the Albert A. Michelson Medal from The Franklin Institute.

Phillips is also a professor of physics, which is part of the University of Maryland College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences at University of Maryland, College Park.

Robert B. Laughlin

Robert Betts Laughlin (born November 1, 1950) is an American physicist and Professor of Physics and Applied Physics at Stanford University. Along with Horst L. Störmer and Daniel C. Tsui, he was awarded a share of the 1998 Nobel Prize in physics for their explanation of the fractional quantum Hall effect.

Hijackers in the September 11 attacks

There were 19 hijackers in the September 11 attacks, part of an Islamic terrorism group called Al-Qaeda. The 19 hijackers hijacked four aircraft; American Airlines Flight 11 had five hijackers and crashed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center, United Airlines Flight 175 had five hijackers and crashed into the South Tower of the World Trade Center, American Airlines Flight 77 had five hijackers and crashed into the Pentagon, and United Airlines Flight 93 had four hijackers and crashed outside of Shanksville, Pennsylvania.

Mohamed Atta was the leader of the hijackers, and helped carry out the attacks. (Pilot-hijackers in bold)

Horst Ludwig Störmer

Horst Ludwig Störmer (born April 6, 1949) is a German physicist. He is a emeritus professor at Columbia University.
He was awarded the 1998 Nobel Prize in Physics jointly with Daniel Tsui and Robert B. Laughlin "for their discovery of a new form of quantum fluid with fractionally charged excitations", also known as the fractional quantum Hall effect.

Daniel C. Tsui

Daniel Chee Tsui (, born February 28, 1939) is a Chinese-born American physicist. He is a professor at Princeton University. Tsui shared the 1998 Nobel Prize in Physics with Robert B. Laughlin and Horst L. Störmer for their discovery of fractional quantum Hall effect. He was born in Henan, China.

John E. Walker

Sir John Ernest Walker (born 7 January 1941) is a British chemist. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1997. Walker is Emeritus Director and Professor at the MRC Mitochondrial Biology Unit in Cambridge, and a Fellow of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge.

Bertram Brockhouse

Bertram Neville Brockhouse, (July 15, 1918 – October 13, 2003) was a Canadian physicist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1994, shared with Clifford Shull for the development of neutron scattering and neutron spectroscopy.

Clifford Shull

Clifford Glenwood Shull (September 23, 1915 – March 31, 2001) was an American physicist. He won the 1994 Nobel Prize in Physics with Bertram Brickhouse.

Shull's awards include the Buckley Prize, which he received from the American Physical Society in 1956, and election to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1956) and to the National Academy of Sciences (1975).


John Hasbrouck Van Vleck

John Hasbrouck Van Vleck (March 13, 1899 – October 27, 1980) was an American physicist and mathematician. He was co-awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1977.

Nevill Francis Mott

Sir Nevill Francis Mott (30 September 1905 – 8 August 1996) was a British physicist. He won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1977 for his work on the electronic structure of magnetic and disordered systems. He shared it with Philip W. Anderson and J. H. Van Vleck.

Brian Forster

Brian A. Forster (born April 14, 1960) is an American former child actor. He is best known as the second actor to play the role of Chris Partridge in the television series The Partridge Family. He replaced Jeremy Gelbwaks, when Gelbwaks left the series.

Crónicas

Crónicas is a 2004 Ecuadorian Mexican thriller movie directed by Sebastián Cordero and starring John Leguizamo, Damián Alcázar, José María Yazpik, Leonor Watling, Alfred Molina, Camilo Luzuriaga.


Favria

Favria is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Intelligence and Security Committee

The Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament (ISC) is a group in the Parliament of the United Kingdom that is responsible for making sure that what the UK intelligence community does is allowed or okay.

The Committee was created in 1994 by the Intelligence Services Act 1994, and they were given more power by the Justice and Security Act 2013.

The ISC is not like other committees in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, being a statutory committee instead of a more common select committee. It was originally made under the Intelligence Services Act 1994. The committee would later have what it does changed, and what it can do expanded by the Justice and Security Act 2013.

How independent it is has been, in the past, questioned by journalists and interest groups but the ISC says it is independent because it is made of MPs and peers from different parties and runs in a neutral manner. The ISC got stronger power under the Justice and Security Act 2013 which also made it so that the Prime Minister didn't decide who was in the group anymore.

No Exit (1930 movie)

No Exit is a 1930 British romantic comedy movie directed by Charles Saunders and starring John Stuart, Muriel Angelus, Janet Alexander. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Quart, Aosta Valley

Quart is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Boana bandeirantes

Boana bandeirantes is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it higher than 400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 27.1–29.1 mm long from nose to rear end and one adult female frog was 31.2 mm long. It has a little webbing on its front feet and more on its back feet. The skin of its back has four light brown stripes with darker brown in between. It has some white color on its face and two dark brown stripes from its nose over the eye down to where the legs meet the body.

Senate of Virginia

The Senate of Virginia is a part of the Virginia General Assembly. The general assembly is the legislature for Virginia. The Senate of Virginia is the upper house, while the Virginia House of Delegates is the lower house. The senate has 40 members called senators. The leader of the senate is called the president and is also the lieutenant governor. The current president is Justin Fairfax. There is a second position called the Pro tempore if the president is absent or unavailable.

The senate holds elections every 4 years. The last election was on November 5, 2019 and the next election is on November 7, 2023.

Jacobin pigeon

The Jacobin pigeon is a breed of fancy pigeon that originated in Asia. It is in the Asian feather and voice pigeon show group. This breed is known for its feathered hood over its head. The breed name comes from the feather arrangements on their heads (known as a muff or cowl) that look similar to the hoods that Jacobin monks wore. It is considered as the "“National Pigeon of India”" respectively. 

Virginia House of Delegates

The Virginia House of Delegates is a part of the Virginia General Assembly. The general assembly is the legislature for Virginia. The house is the lower house, while the Senate of Virginia is the upper house. The house has 100 members called delegates. The leader of the house is called the Speaker of the House. The Speaker is internally elected. The current Speaker is Todd Gilbert. The leader of the largest party is called the majority leader. The leader of the smallest party is called the minority leader.

The House of Delegates holds elections every 2 years. The last election was on November 2, 2021, and the next election is on November 7, 2023.

The House of Burgesses was the representative body for the Virginia General Assembly. The House of Burgesses became the House of Delegates in 1776.

2021 Virginia gubernatorial election

The 2021 Virginia gubernatorial election happened on November 2, 2021, to elect the next governor of Virginia. Incumbent Governor Ralph Northam is unable to run, as the Constitution of Virginia does not allow terms to be served in a row.

The Democratic Party chose previous Governor Terry McAuliffe, and the Republican Party chose Glenn Youngkin. Teacher Princess Blanding ran under the new Liberation Party.

In the general election on November 2, Republican Glenn Youngkin won the election over Democrat and former Governor Terry McAuliffe, making him the first Republican to win a statewide election in Virginia since 2009.




A convention is a different way to choose a person for an election. This Republican convention used a method of voting called instant-runoff voting to choose a person for the general election.

The Republican Party of Virginia chose a convention on December 5, 2020 with a vote. The vote was 41 to 28. This decision started debates internally. At first, state senator Amanda Chase was going to run as an independent, but decided to run in the convention.




Pamela Adlon

Pamela Adlon (née Segall; born July 9, 1966) is an American-British actress, screenwriter, producer and director. She is best known for acting as the voice of the character Bobby Hill in the television show "King of the Hill" (1997-2010) and Beau in the Cartoon Network series "Dexter's Laboratory" (1996-2003), and its spin-off installment, "The Beau Montgomery Show" (1999-2003). She won a Primetime Emmy Award. She also voiced Baloo in "Jungle Cubs" (1996-1998), Pajama Sam in the "Pajama Sam" series of video games (1996-2001), Lucky in "" (1997-1998), Ashley Spinelli in "Recess" (1997-2001) and Brigette Murphy in "Milo Murphy's Law" (2016-2019).

Blacula

Blacula is a 1972 American blaxploitation fantasy horror movie directed by William Crain and starring William Marshall, Denise Nicholas, Vonetta McGee, Gordon Pinsent, Thalmus Rasulala, Ketty Lester, The Hues Corporation. It was followed by the sequel "Scream Blacula Scream" in 1973.


United Airlines Flight 328

United Airlines Flight 328 was a scheduled flight from Denver International Airport in Denver, Colorado, to Daniel K. Inouye International Airport in Honolulu, Hawaii. On February 20, 2021, the Boeing 777-222 (registered N772UA) operating the route suffered an engine failure while flying over Broomfield, Colorado. The airplane then returned to Denver International Airport.

The failure to the engine caused a fire in the engine damage to the aircraft's body.

The incident aircraft, N772UA, is a Boeing 777 which flies for United Airlines. It was built in November 1994 and given to United Airlines in September 1995. At first, the aircraft was a part of a test to approve its entry to fly commercially.

As of July 25, 2021, the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) is looking into the incident. Debris was collected. The NTSB found that two blades on the engine were broken and the damage done to be the same as metal fatigue.

Avianca Flight 203

Avianca Flight 203 was an internal flight from El Dorado International Airport in Bogotá, Colombia to Alfonso Bonilla Aragón International Airport in Cali, Colombia. On November 27, 1989, the Boeing 727-21 (registered HK-1803) was destroyed by a bomb while flying over Soacha. All 107 passengers and 3 people on the ground were killed. The bombing was ordered by the Medellín drug cartel.

The aircraft was a Boeing 727-21 with registration HK-1803. It was built in 1966 and delivered to Pan Am on May 28, 1966. In 1975, the aircraft was bought from Avianca. The aircraft changed registrations when bought.

Flight 203 took off at 7:13 a.m. Shortly after, while at , a bomb was set off, causing fuel to explode. A second explosion made the front of the aircraft to separate from the back of the aircraft. The debris was spread across the town of Soacha. All 107 passengers and crew and 3 people on the ground were killed. 

An investigation found the cause of the explosion to be plastic explosives. Drug cartel leader, Pablo Escobar, planned the bombing. The reason was to kill Colombian presidential candidate, César Gaviria Trujillo. However, Gaviria did not get on the plane, and became the president of Colombia.

The bombing was shown in Season 1 of the television show, Narcos.

George Abbott

George Francis Abbott (June 25, 1887 – January 31, 1995) was an American theater producer and director, playwright, screenwriter, and movie director and producer. His career lasted from 1913 until 1995. He won six Tony Awards, a Pulitzer Prize and Drama Desk Award. Abbott was born in Forestville, New York. He was known for directing and writing many Broadway plays.

Abbott died on January 31, 1995 in Miami Beach, Florida from a stroke at the age of 107.

Orlando Drummond

Orlando Drummond Cardoso (October 18, 1919 – July 27, 2021) was a Brazilian actor and comedian. He was best known for his works as Seu Peru in the series "Escolinha do Professor Raimundo" and also as the voice of "Scooby-Doo", "Alf", and "Popeye". He was born in Rio de Janeiro.

Drummond died on July 27, 2021 in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 101.

West Springfield, Virginia

West Springfield is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. The population was 22,460 at the 2010 census.

West Springfield is located in Fairfax County at (38.788436, −77.232802). The town borders (touches) the Norfolk Southern Railway to the north, Accotink Creek to the east, Fairfax County Parkway to the south, and Pohick Creek to the west.

At the 2010 census there were 22,460 people, 10,289 houses, and 7,840 families in the CDP. The racial makeup of the CDP was 75.31% White, 4.89% African American, 0.28% Native American, 13.91% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 2.55% from other races, and 3.01% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.33%.

According to a 2007 estimate, the average income for each house was $97,203, and the average income for families was $106,667. Males had an average income of $61,953, and females had an average income of $40,380. About 1.7% of families and 2.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 2.6% of those under age 18 and 0.5% of those age 65 or over.

Fairfax County Public Schools operates public schools.

Henry Danton

Henry Danton (born Henry David Boileau Down; 30 March 1919 – 10 February 2022) was a British dancer and teacher of classical ballet. He was born in Bedford, England. He worked at Sadler's Wells Ballet. In the UK, Danton performed as a soloist in the International Ballet partnering Mona Inglesby in "Les Sylphides" and "Swan Lake" 1943–44.

Danton died on 10 February 2022 at the age of 102.


Yuriko (dancer)

Yuriko Kikuchi (February 2, 1920 – March 8, 2022), known by her stage name Yuriko, was an American dancer and choreographer. She was best known for her work with the Martha Graham Dance Company. She was born in San Jose, California. She danced in the first production of Graham's masterpiece, "Clytemnestra", as well as in "Appalachian Spring", "Cave of the Heart" and "Dark Meadow". She died on March 8, 2022 in New York City at age of 102.


Herbert Köfer

Herbert Köfer (17 February 1921 – 24 July 2021) was a German actor and television presenter. He was born in Berlin. He starred in the 1963 movie "Naked Among Wolves" as Kluttig. He was also known for appearing in many comedy and crime movies through "Polizeiruf 110".

Köfer turned 100 in February 2021. and died in Berlin on 24 July 2021, aged 100.


Goochland, Virginia

Goochland is a census-designated place (CDP) in and the county seat of Goochland County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 census was 861. 

Glenn Youngkin

Glenn Allen Youngkin (born December 9, 1966) is an American politician and businessman. He is the 74th and current Governor of Virginia, after winning the 2021 Virginia gubernatorial election. He is a Republican.

Youngkin was born in Richmond, Virginia. When Youngkin was a teenager, the family moved from Richmond to Virginia Beach. He went to Norfolk Academy in Norfolk, Virginia. He graduated in 1985.

Youngkin announced that he would try to get the Republican Party's nomination for governor of Virginia.

Youngkin won the Virginia Republican Party convention on May 10, 2021, beating six other candidates. Youngkin became the Republican nominee. He would face former Democratic Governor Terry McAuliffe in the general election.

Youngkin did not meet McAuliffe in a scheduled debate by the Virginia Bar Association (VBA) on July 12, 2021. He has agreed to three debates.

On November 2, Youngkin beat McAuliffe in the election winning 50.6% of the vote against McAuliffe's 48.6%.

Youngkin was sworn in as Governor of Virginia on January 15, 2022. 

After being sworn in, Youngkin signed multiple executive orders. These orders include making it not allowed to teach critical race theory in schools, and removing multiple COVID-19 regulations, such as requiring masks in public schools, and making it required for all state employees to get COVID-19 vaccines.

Youngkin lives in Great Falls, Virginia with his wife Suzanne and their four children. As of September 2021, he had a net worth of $440 million.

2019 Virginia House of Delegates election

The 2019 Virginia House of Delegates elections was held on November 5, 2019. The elections for the Senate of Virginia was also held on the same day. All 100 seats in the Virginia House of Delegates were up for election.

The Democrats got 6 seats, becoming the largest party in the House of Delegates. The Democrats also became the largest party in the Senate of Virginia. This was the first time the Democrats was the largest party in both houses in Virginia since 1993.

Seats where the margin of victory was under 10%:

Incumbent Republican Terry Kilgore has represented the 1st District since 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Jennifer Carroll Foy has represented the 2nd district since 2018.

Incumbent Republican Will Morefield has represented the 3rd district since 2010.

Incumbent Republican Todd Pillion has represented the 4th district since 2014. He is retiring.

Incumbent Republican Israel O'Quinn has represented the 5th district since 2012.

Incumbent Republican Jeff Campbell has represented the 6th district since 2014 special election.

Incumbent Republican Nick Rush has represented the 7th district since 2012.

Incumbent Republican Joseph McNamara has represented the 8th district since the 2018 special election.

Incumbent Republican Charles Poindexter has represented the 9th district since 2008.

Incumbent Democrat Wendy Gooditis has represented the 10th district since 2016.

Incumbent Democrat Sam Rasoul has represented the 11th district since 2014.

Incumbent Democrat Chris Hurst has represented the 12th district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat Danica Roem has represented the 13th district since 2018.

Incumbent Republican Danny Marshall has represented the 14th district since 2002.

Incumbent Republican Todd Gilbert has represented the 15th district since 2006.

Incumbent Republican Les Adams has represented the 16th district since 2014.

Incumbent Republican Chris Head has represented the 17th district since 2012.

Incumbent Republican Michael Webert has represented the 12th district since 2012.

Incumbent Republican Terry Austin has represented the 19th district since 2014.

Incumbent Republican Richard Bell has represented the 20th district since 2010. He did not seek reelection, and was succeeded by Republican John Avoli.

Incumbent Democrat Kelly Fowler has represented the 21st district since 2018.

Incumbent Republican Kathy Byron has represented the 22nd district since 1998.

Incumbent Republican T. Scott Garrett has represented the 23rd district since 2010. He did not seek reelection, and was succeeded by Republican Wendell Walker.

Incumbent Republican Ronnie R. Campbell has represented the 24th district since a 2019 special election.

Incumbent Republican Steve Landes has represented the 25th district since 1996. He did not seek reelection.

Incumbent Republican Tony Wilt has represented the 26th district since a 2010 special election.

Incumbent Republican Roxann Robinson has represented the 27th district since a 2010 special election.

Incumbent Republican Bob Thomas has represented the 28th district since 2018. He was defeated in the Republican Primary by Paul Milde, who was then defeated in the General election by Democrat Joshua G. Cole.

Incumbent Republican Chris Collins has represented the 29th district since 2016.

Incumbent Republican Nick Freitas has represented the 30th district since 2016. He ran and won as a write in candidate.

Incumbent Democrat Elizabeth Guzmán has represented the 31st district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat David A. Reid has represented the 32nd district since 2018.

Incumbent Republican Dave LaRock has represented the 33rd district since 2014.

Incumbent Democrat Kathleen Murphy has represented the 34th district since the 2015 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Keam has represented the 35th district since 2010.

Incumbent Democrat Kenneth R. Plum has represented the 36th district since 1982.

Incumbent Democrat David Bulova has represented the 37th district since 2006.

Incumbent Democrat Kaye Kory has represented the 38th district since 2010.

Incumbent Democrat Vivian Watts has represented the 39th district since 1996.

Incumbent Republican and Majority Caucus Chairman Tim Hugo has represented the 40th district since 2003. He was unseated by Democrat Dan Helmer.

Incumbent Democrat and Minority Leader of the Virginia House of Delegates Eileen Filler-Corn has represented the 41st district since 2010.

Incumbent Democrat Kathy Tran has represented the 42nd district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Sickles has represented the 43rd district since 2004.

Incumbent Democrat Paul Krizek has represented the 44th district since 2016.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Levine has represented the 45th district since 2016.

Incumbent Democrat and Minority Caucus Chair Charniele Herring has represented the 46th district since 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Patrick Hope has represented the 47th district since 2010.

Incumbent Democrat Rip Sullivan has represented the 48th district since 2014.

Incumbent Democrat and House Minority Whip Alfonso H. Lopez has represented the 49th district since 2012.

Incumbent Democrat Lee J. Carter has represented the 50th district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat Hala Ayala has represented the 51st district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat Luke Torian has represented the 52nd district since 2010.

Incumbent Democrat Marcus Simon has represented the 53rd district since 2014.

Incumbent Republican Bobby Orrock has represented the 54th district since 1990.

Incumbent Republican John McGuire has represented the 56th district since 2018.

Incumbent Democrat David Toscano has represented the 57th district since 2006. He did not seek reelection.

Incumbent Republican Rob Bell has represented the 58th district since 2002.

Transair Flight 810

Transair Flight 810 was a cargo flight from Honolulu International Airport to Kahului Airport. On July 2, 2021, the Boeing 737-200 (registered N810TA) had mechanical difficulties and crashed shortly after takeoff. Both pilots survived.

On July 2, 2021, at 1:33 a.m. HST, the aircraft took off. At 1:42 a.m., the pilots told air traffic control that they had "lost an engine." At around 1:46 a.m., the pilots reported that the second engine was overheating, and they could not stay at higher altitude.

The plane went down on the water of Māmala Bay about short of Kalaeloa Airport.

John Byner

John Byner (born John Biener; June 28, 1938) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for his voice roles on the cartoon series "The Ant and the Aardvark". He is also known for his impressions of Dean Martin and Jackie Mason.


Villeparisis

Villeparisis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France. It is in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 26,471 people lived here in 2018.

Ridgecrest, California

Ridgecrest is a city in Kern County, California, United States. The population was 27,959 at the 2020 census.

Corbeil-Essonnes

Corbeil-Essonnes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It is also in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center. 50,954 people lived here in 2018.

Franconville, Val-d'Oise

Franconville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France. It is also in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the 
center. 37,010 people lived here in 2018.


Le Tampon

Le Tampon is a commune in the French overseas department of Réunion.

Saint-André, Réunion

Saint-André is a commune in the French overseas department of Réunion.

Gulf of Kutch

The Gulf of Kutch is a large bay in the Arabian Sea, on the west coast of India. It lies in the Indian state of Gujarat. The gulf is about long, and wide. The Gulf of Kutch is important: 41 percent of imports and exports are done through this waterway. 

The area is renowned for extreme daily tides which often cover the lower lying areas – comprising networks of creeks, wetlands and alluvial tidal flats in the interior region. The Gulf of Kutch has several ports including Okha (at the entrance of the gulf), Māndvi, Bedi, and Kandla. Kandla, visible on the northern peninsula in the left of the image, is one of the largest ports in India by volume of cargo handled. 

The gulf is rich in marine biodiversity. Part of the southern coast of the Gulf of Kutch was declared Marine Sanctuary and Marine National Park  in 1980 and 1982 respectively – the first marine conservatory established in India. The park covers an area of around 270 sq km, from Okha in the south (not visible) to Jodiya. There are hundreds of species of coral in the park, as well as algae, sponges and mangroves. 

Maria Full of Grace

Maria Full of Grace (Spanish title: María, llena eres de gracia, lit., "Maria, you are full of grace") is a 2004 Colombian Ecuadorian American drama movie directed by Joshua Marston and starring Catalina Sandino Moreno, Yenny Paola Vega, Guilied López, John Alex Toro, Patricia Rae, Virginia Ariza. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2005.


In the Name of the Girl

In the Name of the Girl () is a 2011 Ecuadorian comedy-drama movie directed by Tania Hermida and starring Eva Mayu Mecham Benavides, Markus Amaru Mecham Benavides, Javier Izquierdo, Tatiana Ugalde, Juana Estrella, Felipe Vega, Pancho Aguirre.

Rhêmes-Notre-Dame

Rhêmes-Notre-Dame is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Rhêmes-Saint-Georges

Rhêmes-Saint-Georges is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Roisan

Roisan is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Wyoming Mail

Wyoming Mail is a 1950 American western movie directed by Reginald Le Borg and starring Stephen McNally, Alexis Smith, Howard Da Silva, Ed Begley, Dan Riss, Roy Roberts, Whit Bissell, James Arness, Richard Jaeckel, Richard Egan. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Saint Piran

Saint Piran (c. 400's? - 480) is the patron saint of Cornwall. He was a Cornish/Celtic bishop in the 5th century.



Britannic

Britannic means 'of Britain' or 'British', from the Roman name for Great Britain.

Britannic may also refer to:





Muslim saints

This is a list of patron Muslim saints of places by nation, and other regional countries, in the Islamic world.

Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Act, 2018

The Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights) Act, 2018 is law in Pakistan which was passed by the parliament in 2018 to legally provide equality to transgender people and to make sure they kept their rights. The law aims to legally recognise transgender people in the country. It also allows them to legally have the same rights as cisgender people. The law gives trans peoples official equality, but non substantive equality and although the law has taken a large leap towards the equality of trans peoples in Pakistan, major cultural and infrastructural changes need to occur before this is genuinely the case.

In March 2020, the International Court of Justice (ICJ) addressed the provision of Pakistan after releasing a paper at International Transgender Day of Visibility. The ICJ highlighted features of the provision. Pakistan, according to the "Aljazeera," is the one of the first nations that legally recognised transgender people.


Américo Tomás

Américo de Deus Rodrigues Tomás (; 19 November 1894 – 18 September 1987) was a Portuguese Navy officer and politician who was the authoritarian 13th President of Portugal from 1958 to 1974.

Lake Biwa

Lake Biwa () is the largest lake in Japan that is located in Shiga Prefecture.

Francisco Craveiro Lopes

Francisco Higino Craveiro Lopes (; 12 April 1894 – 2 September 1964) was a Portuguese Air officer and politician. He was the authoritarian 12th President of Portugal from 1951 to 1958.

List of presidents of Portugal

The complete list of presidents of the Portuguese Republic consists of the 20 heads of state in the history of Portugal since the 5 October 1910 revolution.


Francisco da Costa Gomes

Francisco da Costa Gomes, , (; 30 June 1914 – 31 July 2001) was a Portuguese military officer and politician. He was the 15th President of the Portuguese Republic from 1974 until 1976.


Óscar Carmona

António Óscar Fragoso Carmona (; 24 November 1869 – 18 April 1951) was a Portuguese Army officer and politician. He was the 96th Prime Minister of Portugal from 1926 to 1928 and 11th President of Portugal from 1926 until his death in 1951. 

He also was the Minister of War in late 1923 and in 1926, and he also was the Minister of Foreign Affairs two times in 1926.


List of prime ministers of Portugal

The prime minister of the Portuguese Republic () is the head of the country's Government.

COVID-19 pandemic in Belize

The COVID-19 pandemic in Belize is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in Belize was confirmed on 23 March 2020.

The country's first case was confirmed on 23 March, a Belizean woman who returned to San Pedro Town from Los Angeles, California. The second case was confirmed on 25 March. They had come into contact with the first case.

The third case in Belize was confirmed on 29 March from a traveler returning from New York City to Belize City.

The fifth case of coronavirus was confirmed in a Belizean student who returned from Florida. Two people died (on 4 April and 10 April).

COVID-19 pandemic in Saint Lucia

The COVID-19 pandemic in Saint Lucia is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). The first case in Saint Lucia was confirmed on 13 March 2020. As of 26 July 2021, there were 5,529 total confirmed cases, 93 active cases, with 88 deaths and 5,343 recoveries.

Augusto Santos Silva

Augusto Ernesto dos Santos Silva (born 20 August 1956) is a Portuguese sociologist, university professor, and politician. He has been the Minister of Foreign Affairs during the António Costa cabinet since 2015. He is a member of the Socialist Party.

Silva was also the Minister of Education from 2000 until 2001, Minister of Culture from 2001 until 2002, Minister of Parliamentary Affairs from 2005 until 2009 and Minister of National Defence from 2009 until 2011.

Khui Ningomba

Khui Ningomba () was a ruler of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He was the successor of Emperor Taothingmang. It was during his reign that the Manipuri traders reached out on horseback to upper Burma and China. He is one of the nine kings associated with the design of a historic flag. Besides the Cheitharol Kumbaba, he is mentioned in the Ningthourol Lambuba.

2021 Virginia House of Delegates election

The 2021 Virginia House of Delegates election for the 162nd Virginia General Assembly were held on November 2, 2021. All 100 Delegates are elected to two-year terms. Primary elections took place on June 8. This election took place at the same time as the elections for the Virginia Governor, lieutenant governor and Attorney General. All of the elections were won by Republicans. The next election for the upper house of the Virginia General Assembly, the Senate of Virginia, will be held on November 7, 2023.

The results were certified on November 15. They showed that Republicans took seven seats from the Democrats. This gave them a majority in the House of Delegates. All races have been called by the Associated Press.

Five incumbents did not seek re-election. They either retired or tried to be elected to other positions.

One Democrat did not seek re-election.

Four Republicans did not seek re-election.

There were two special elections in 2021 to the 161st Virginia General Assembly, both held on January 5.

Incumbent Democrat Joseph C. Lindsey, first elected in a 2014 special election, retired on November 10, 2020.

Incumbent Democrat Jennifer Carroll Foy, first elected in 2017, retired on December 12, 2020 to run for governor.

The Republican Party showed a strong performance in 2021, gaining seven seats over the Democrats. Due to close races in Districts 85 and 91, recounts were requested by Democrats Alex Askew and Martha Mugler, who fell in close second places to their Republican challengers. On December 3, 2021, the recount in District 85 reaffirmed the victory of Republican Karen Greenhalgh, giving the Republican Party a majority in the House of Delegates and ending the Democratic Party's control over the chamber. District 91's recount, which took place on December 7, resulted in victory for Republican candidate A.C. Cordoza, making the final seat count 52 Republicans to 48 Democrats.

Both major parties fielded a record high number of candidates, with Republicans contesting 98 out of the 100 districts, and Democrats contesting 93.

Seats where the margin of victory was under 10%:

Incumbent Republican Terry Kilgore was first elected in 1993.

Incumbent Democrat Candi King was first elected in a 2021 special election.

Incumbent Republican Will Morefield was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Republican Will Wampler was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Israel O'Quinn was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican Jeff Campbell was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Republican Nick Rush was first elected in 2011. He is retiring.

Incumbent Republican Joseph McNamara was first elected in a 2018 special election. Democratic challenger Dustin Wimbish withdrew from the race on October 13, but his candidacy remained on the ballot.

Incumbent Republican Charles Poindexter was first elected in 2007. He lost renomination.

Incumbent Democrat Wendy Gooditis was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Sam Rasoul was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Democrat Chris Hurst was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Danica Roem was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Republican Danny Marshall was first elected in 2001.

Incumbent Republican and House Minority Leader Todd Gilbert was first elected in 2005.

Incumbent Republican Les Adams was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Republican Chris Head was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican Michael Webert was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican Terry Austin was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Republican John Avoli was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Kelly Convirs-Fowler was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Republican Kathy Byron was first elected in 1997.

Incumbent Republican Wendell Walker was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Ronnie R. Campbell was first elected in a 2018 special election.

Incumbent Republican Chris Runion was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Tony Wilt was first elected in a 2010 special election.

Incumbent Republican Roxann Robinson was first elected in a 2010 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Joshua G. Cole was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Bill Wiley was first elected in a 2020 special election.

Incumbent Republican Nick Freitas was first elected in 2015.

Incumbent Democrat Elizabeth Guzmán was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat David A. Reid was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Republican Dave LaRock was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Democrat Kathleen Murphy was first elected in a 2015 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Keam was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Kenneth R. Plum was first elected in 1981.

Incumbent Democrat David Bulova was first elected in 2005.

Incumbent Democrat Kaye Kory was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Vivian Watts was first elected in 1995.

Incumbent Democrat Dan Helmer was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat and Speaker of the House Eileen Filler-Corn was first elected in a 2010 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Kathy Tran was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Sickles was first elected in 2003.

Incumbent Democrat Paul Krizek was first elected in 2015.

Incumbent Democrat Mark Levine was first elected in 2015. He lost renomination.

Incumbent Democrat and House Majority Leader Charniele Herring was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Patrick Hope was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Rip Sullivan was first elected in a 2014 special election.

Incumbent Democrat and House Majority Whip Alfonso H. Lopez was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Democrat Lee J. Carter was first elected in 2017. He lost renomination.

Incumbent Democrat Hala Ayala was first elected in 2017. She is retiring to run for lieutenant governor.

Incumbent Democrat Luke Torian was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Marcus Simon was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Republican Bobby Orrock was first elected in 1989.

Incumbent Republican Buddy Fowler was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Republican John McGuire was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Sally L. Hudson was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Rob Bell was first elected in 2001.

Incumbent Republican Matt Fariss was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican James E. Edmunds was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Thomas C. Wright was first elected in a 2000 special election.

Incumbent Republican Carrie Coyner was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Lashrecse Aird was first elected in 2015.

Incumbent Republican Emily Brewer was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Republican Lee Ware was first elected in a 1998 special election.

Incumbent Republican Kirk Cox was first elected in 1989. He is retiring to run for governor.

Incumbent Democrat Karrie Delaney was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Dawn Adams was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Betsy B. Carr was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Delores McQuinn was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Democrat Jeff Bourne was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Schuyler VanValkenburg was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Rodney Willett was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Lamont Bagby was first elected in 2015.

Incumbent Democrat Roslyn Tyler was first elected in 2005.

Incumbent Democrat Clinton Jenkins was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Cliff Hayes Jr. was first elected in a 2016 special election.

Incumbent Republican Jay Leftwich was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Democrat Steve Heretick was first elected in 2015. He lost renomination.

Incumbent Democrat Don Scott was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Barry Knight was first elected in 2009.

Incumbent Republican Jason Miyares was first elected in 2015. He is retiring to run for attorney general.

Incumbent Democrat Nancy Guy was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Glenn Davis was first elected in 2013.

Incumbent Democrat Alex Askew was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Ibraheem Samirah was first elected in 2019. He lost renomination to Irene Shin, who was elected with 65.4% of the vote.

Incumbent Democrat Suhas Subramanyam was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Mark Cole was first elected in 2001. He is retiring.

Incumbent Democrat Jay Jones was first elected in 2017.

Incumbent Democrat Angelia Williams Graves was first elected in a 2021 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Martha Mugler was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Jeion Ward was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Michael P. Mullin was first elected in a 2016 special election.

Incumbent Democrat Shelly Simonds was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Democrat Marcia Price was first elected in 2015.

Incumbent Republican Amanda Batten was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Scott Wyatt was first elected in 2019.

Incumbent Republican Keith Hodges was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican Margaret Ransone was first elected in 2011.

Incumbent Republican Robert Bloxom Jr. was first elected in 2014.


Ornate tree frog

The ornate tree frog ("Boana ornatissima") is a frog that lives in Brazil, the Guianas, and Colombia.

Ningthou Kangbalon

The Ningthou Kangbalon () is an Ancient Meitei language historic text (PuYa), which presents a brief genealogy of the rulers of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak) in the pre Christian era. According to the manuscript, King Ningthou Kangba () had nine sons, Koikoi, Teima, Yangma, Tesrot, Urenkhuba, Urenhanba, Irem, Khabi and Langba. Teima became a Meitei. Yangma went to the West of Kangleipak (present day Manipur) and spread over to Mayang (Cachar and beyond). Tesrot went to Takhel (present day Tripura) and became Takhel (Tripuri). Urenkhuba spread over as a people of Ancient Moirang, Irem went to the North and became Pasa. Khabi/Khaba went to the east and became a part of Chinese people. Langba went to the South and spread over his descendants. The name of Manipur was "Tilli Koktong Leikoilel" during the period of Ningthou Kangba.


Nexus 7 (2013)

Nexus 7 (2013), is a small-mini tablet computer produced by Google and Asus. It uses the Android operating system.

Nexus 6

Nexus 6 is a mini mobile phone produced by Google and Motorola Mobility that uses Android operating system.

Nexus 9

The Nexus 9 is a tablet computer produced by Google and HTC that uses Android operating system.

Democratic Party of Virginia

The Democratic Party of Virginia is the affiliate (associated with) of the Democratic Party. The Virginia Democrats are based in Richmond, Virginia.

As of 2022, the Democrats are the largest party in the Senate of Virginia. Federally, Virginia has voted for every Democratic presidential candidate since 2008. The Democrats also hold seven out of the 11 state's U.S. House seats and both of the state's U.S. Senate seats.

Local Democratic Committees assist the Democratic Party by locality, though they can contain several localities.

The Central Committee controls all matters of the Party. The committee can create an annual budget and the method to nominate candidates for statewide offices.

Democrats have controlled both of Virginia's seats in the U.S. Senate since 2008:

Out of Virginia's 11 seats in the U.S. House of Representatives, seven are held by Democrats:

As of 2022, Democrats control none of the three elected statewide offices.


In 2019, all three of Virginia's statewide executive office holders, all Democrats, were in various controversies. Governor Ralph Northam's medical school yearbook page had featured a person in blackface and a person in a Ku Klux Klan hood, Lieutenant Governor Justin Fairfax was accused of having sexually assaulted a professor in 2004, and Attorney General Mark Herring was revealed to have worn blackface at a college party. Parts of the Democratic Party of Virginia told Northam to resign from the governorship, but he did not. The national Democratic Party remained silent, as Northam's and Fairfax's resignation would have meant that Republican Speaker of the House Kirk Cox would have become governor. Ultimately, none of the three accused resigned.

Senneville, Quebec

Senneville () is an rich on-island suburban village on the western tip of the Island of Montreal. It is the wealthiest town in the West Island.

Saint-Christophe, Aosta Valley

Saint-Christophe is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Nueve (Mexican TV network)

Nueve (stylized Nu9ve) is a Mexican free-to-air television network owned by Televisa. The primary station and network namesake is Channel 9 of Mexico City (also known by its call sign XEQ-TDT), though the network has nationwide coverage on Televisa stations and some affiliates. Nueve offers a range of general entertainment programs.

High School of Montreal

The High School of Montreal was an English-language high school founded in 1843. It was in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was less formally known as Montreal High School and from 1853 to 1870 was called the High School of McGill College, or the High School Division.

The school closed in June 1979, because of a decline in the English-speaking population.

Saint-Denis, Aosta Valley

Saint-Denis is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Elaine Taylor (actress)

Elaine Regina Taylor Plummer (born 17 October 1943) is a former English actress, best known as a leading lady in comedy films of the late 1960s and early 1970s. She is the widow of Canadian actor Christopher Plummer.

In 1967 Taylor was a "Bond girl" (with, among others, Jacqueline Bisset, Barbara Bouchet and Alexandra Bastedo) as Peg in "Casino Royale" and played on both stage and screen with Tommy Steele in "Half a Sixpence".

Saint-Marcel, Aosta Valley

Saint-Marcel is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Amanda Plummer

Amanda Michael Plummer (born March 23, 1957) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in "Joe Versus the Volcano" (1990), "The Fisher King" (1991), "Pulp Fiction" (1994), and "" (2013). 

Plummer won a Tony Award in 1982 for her role in "Agnes of God". Her parents were actors Christopher Plummer and Tammy Grimes. 

Saint-Nicolas, Aosta Valley

Saint-Nicolas is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Cyrano (musical)

Cyrano is a musical with a book and lyrics by Anthony Burgess and music by Michael J. Lewis.

It is based on Edmond Rostand's classic 1897 play of the same name. It is about a love triangle involving the large-nosed poetic Cyrano de Bergerac, his beautiful cousin Roxana and handsome friend Christian de Neuvillette.

The cast included Christopher Plummer as Cyrano, Leigh Beery as Roxana, and Mark Lamos as Christian, with Tovah Feldshuh making her Broadway debut in two small supporting roles.


Iago

Iago () is a fictional character in Shakespeare's "Othello". Iago is the play's main villain and Othello's standard-bearer. 

He is the husband of Emilia. Iago hates Othello and creates a plan to destroy him by making him believe that his wife is having an affair with his lieutenant, Michael Cassio.

Saint-Oyen, Aosta Valley

Saint-Oyen is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Hamlet at Elsinore

Hamlet at Elsinore is a 1964 television version of the play by William Shakespeare. It was produced by the BBC. The director was Philip Saville. It was the longest version of the play telecast in one evening up to that time, running nearly three hours. A 1947 telecast of the play had split it up into two ninety-minute halves over two weeks.


Barrymore (play)

Barrymore is a two-person play by William Luce. It is about actor John Barrymore taking place a few months before his death in 1942 as he is rehearsing a revival of his 1920 Broadway success as "Richard III".

The play was first made at the Stratford Theater in 1996. It was directed by Gene Saks and Christopher Plummer played Barrymore. He won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play. Plummer played the role again in Érik Canuel's 2011 movie version of the same name.

Triple Crown of Acting

The Triple Crown of Acting is a term used to talk about actors who have won an Academy Award, Emmy Award, and Tony Award in the acting categories. Only 24 people have achieved the triple crown of acting (15 women, 9 men). Helen Hayes was the first person to achieve the triple crown. Thomas Mitchell became the first man to achieve the triple crown. Hayes, Viola Davis, and Rita Moreno are the only triple crown winners in competitive acting categories who have also won a Grammy Award to complete the EGOT (Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, Tony). Dame Maggie Smith has the most triple crown wins, with 7 awards.

Saint-Pierre, Aosta Valley

Saint-Pierre is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Stage Struck (1958 movie)

Stage Struck is a 1958 American drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and starring Henry Fonda, Susan Strasberg and Christopher Plummer in his movie debut. 

Wind Across the Everglades

Wind Across the Everglades is a 1958 movie directed by Nicholas Ray.


Newland, North Carolina

Newland is a town in and the county seat of Avery County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2020 census, 715 people live in Newland.

Georg von Trapp

Georg Ludwig Ritter von Trapp (4 April 1880 – 30 May 1947) was an Austro-Hungarian naval officer. He was the father of the Trapp Family Singers, whose lives were the inspiration for the musical play and movie "The Sound of Music". 

Elaine Luria

Elaine Goodman Luria (born August 15, 1975) is an American politician and Navy veteran. She was the U.S. representative from Virginia's 2nd congressional district from 2019 to 2023.

She defeated Republican incumbent Scott Taylor in 2018. She defeated Taylor in a rematch to win a second term in 2020. In 2022, she lost her re-election bid to Jen Kiggans.

Luria was born on August 15, 1975, in Birmingham, Alabama. Luria graduated from Indian Springs School in 1993. She graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1997.

Luria served as a Navy officer for 20 years as an engineer, where she rose to the rank of commander.


Luria ran for the United States House of Representatives in . In the June 10 Democratic primary, she got 62% of the vote, defeating Karen Mallard, who got 38%.

In the general election, Luria defeated Republican incumbent Scott Taylor with 51% of the vote to Taylor's 49%. She carried six of the district's nine county-level jurisdictions, including all but one of the district's five independent cities. She also carried Taylor's hometown of Virginia Beach.


Luria ran for reelection. She defeated Taylor in a rematch with 51% of the vote. She was likely helped by Joe Biden winning the district in 2020; Biden carried Virginia Beach, the first Democrat to do so since 1964.

Waterloo (1970 movie)

Waterloo () is a 1970 epic war movie directed by Sergei Bondarchuk and produced by Dino De Laurentiis. It is about the Battle of Waterloo. 

It stars Rod Steiger as Napoleon Bonaparte and Christopher Plummer as the Duke of Wellington with a cameo by Orson Welles as Louis XVIII of France.

The Exception

The Exception is a 2016 romantic war movie directed by David Leveaux and written by Simon Burke. It is based on Alan Judd's 2003 novel "The Kaiser's Last Kiss". The movie stars Jai Courtney, Lily James, Janet McTeer, and Christopher Plummer.

The Insider (movie)

The Insider is a 1999 American drama movie directed by Michael Mann. It is based from Marie Brenner's 1996 "Vanity Fair" article "The Man Who Knew Too Much". It stars Al Pacino and Russell Crowe, with supporting actors including Christopher Plummer, Bruce McGill, Diane Venora and Michael Gambon.

It is based on the "60 Minutes" segment about Jeffrey Wigand, a whistleblower in the tobacco industry. 

It was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor in a Leading Role (for Russell Crowe).

J.B. (play)

J.B. is a 1958 play written in free verse by American playwright and poet Archibald MacLeish, and is a modern version of the story of biblical figure Job.

The play won the 1959 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.

No Man's Land (play)

No Man's Land is a play by Harold Pinter written in 1974 and first produced and published in 1975. Its original production was at the Old Vic theatre in London by the National Theatre on 23 April 1975.


In the Broadway revival by the directed by , which opened on 27 February 1994. It starred Jason Robards as Hirst, Christopher Plummer (nominated for a ) as Spooner, as Foster, and John Seitz as Briggs.

Inherit the Wind (play)

Inherit the Wind is an American play by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee. It was first shown in 1955. The story is a fictional version of the 1925 Scopes "Monkey" Trial and the McCarthy trials.

The Thorn Birds (miniseries)

The Thorn Birds is an American television miniseries broadcast on ABC from March 27 to 30, 1983. It starred Richard Chamberlain, Rachel Ward, Barbara Stanwyck, Christopher Plummer, Piper Laurie, Jean Simmons, Richard Kiley, Bryan Brown, Mare Winningham and Philip Anglim.


Scott Taylor (politician)

Scott William Taylor (born June 27, 1979) is an American politician and former Navy SEAL. He served as the U.S. representative from Virginia's 2nd congressional district from 2017 to 2019. Taylor was also a state delegate for the 85th house district.

On November 6, 2018, Taylor was defeated for reelection by Democrat and U.S. Navy veteran Elaine Luria. In December 2019, he stated he was going to run again for his old seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. In the November general election, he was defeated by Luria a second time.

Scott William Taylor was born in Baltimore.

After high school, he served in the United States Navy and became a Navy SEAL, first taking part in drug enforcement.

In 2008, Taylor ran for Mayor of Virginia Beach, Virginia. He was a candidate in the 2010 primary election for Virginia's 2nd congressional district, but lost to Scott Rigell. Taylor became a state delegate for the 85th house district in November 2013.

In 2016, after the then current representative, Scott Rigell, announced he would not seek re-election, Taylor won the Republican Party nomination for Virginia's 2nd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives, defeating Randy Forbes in the primary, then defeated Democrat Shaun Brown, 61.3% to 38.5%, to win the general election on November 8, 2016. 

In January 2018, former Navy commander Elaine Luria announced her plan to run for Taylor's seat. In the June 10 Democratic primary, Luria received 62% of the vote, defeating Karen Mallard, who received 38%. In the Republican primary, Taylor defeated Mary Jones, 76% to 24%.

On November 6, 2018, Taylor lost to Luria, taking 48.9 percent of the vote to Luria's 51.1 percent.


On July 8, 2019, Taylor announced that he was running for the United States Senate against two-term incumbent Mark Warner in the 2020 election. Taylor decided to not run for the Senate race, instead choosing to run to take back his old House seat. On June 23, 2020, he won the Republican primary, setting up a rematch with Luria.

Luria defeated him and was re-elected with a six-point margin taking 52 percent to Taylor's 46 percent.

Madeline (TV series)

Madeline is a French-Canadian television series produced by France Animation, And Nelvana Limited part of the Madeline media franchise about the character Madeline Fogg. It began as a series of six television specials from 1988 to 1991, and then was continued as "Madeline" and "The New Adventures of Madeline" from 1993 to 2001.

Our Fathers (movie)

Our Fathers is a 2005 American made-for-television drama movie directed by Dan Curtis and starring Ted Danson, Christopher Plummer, Brian Dennehy and Ellen Burstyn. 

Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal

The Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal () was a commemorative medal created in 1977 to mark the twenty-fifth anniversary of Elizabeth II's accession to the throne.

125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal

The 125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal are memorial medals struck by the Royal Canadian Mint celebrating the 125th aniversary of the Confederation of Canada. The Medal honors Canadians who have made a significant contribution to their fellow people, to their community, or to Canada. 

Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal

The Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal () or the Queen's Golden Jubilee Medal was a commemorative medal created in 2002 to mark the fiftieth anniversary of Elizabeth II's accession. 

Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal

The Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal or The Queen's Diamond Jubilee Medal is a commemorative medal created in 2012 to mark the sixtieth anniversary of Elizabeth II's accession to the thrones of the Commonwealth realms. 

Transcendental idealism

Transcendental idealism is a part of philosophy. It was founded by German philosopher Immanuel Kant in 18th century. He wrote about it in his most famous work "Critique of Pure Reason" (1781). Transcendental idealism has several meanings. It may be the root cause of all phenomena. It is also about observable objects that are limited during perception by consciousness.

Departure (TV series)

Departure is a 2019 suspense drama television series by Canadian broadcaster Global. The series premiered on Universal TV on 10 July 2019, with Global scheduling the Canadian debut for 8 October 2020. On 11 September 2020, the series was renewed for a second season. It stars Archie Panjabi and Christopher Plummer. 

The series is about the investigation by the fictional Transport Safety and Investigations Bureau into the disappearance of a British passenger plane over the Atlantic Ocean and the reasons behind it.

Christopher Plummer on screen and stage

Christopher Plummer (1929–2021) was a Canadian actor. Plummer won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in Mike Mills' movie "Beginners" (2010).

Subtle body

A subtle body is a body that also has a psyche and a soul (not only physical form). One of the subtle body is the astral body. 

This concept is common in Hinduism, Tibetan Buddhism, Kabbalah, Sufism. 

Aura (paranormal) 

The Last Full Measure (2019 movie)

The Last Full Measure is a 2019 American war drama movie written and directed by Todd Robinson. The story is about Pentagon staffer Scott Huffman and many veterans to see the Medal of Honor awarded to William H. Pitsenbarger, who flew in helicopter rescue missions during the Vietnam War. The movie stars Sebastian Stan, Christopher Plummer, William Hurt, Ed Harris, Samuel L. Jackson, Jeremy Irvine, and Peter Fonda.

The movie premiered in October 2019 in Westhampton Beach, New York. It was released in the United States by Roadside Attractions on January 24, 2020.

Kangjeirol

The Kangjeirol () is an Ancient Meitei language text (PuYa) about the art of the game Sagol Kangjei (), which is the foremost form of the present day game Polo. It is the treatise which mentions about the rules and regulations to be instructed and to be followed in the game of Polo. The text mentions that King Ningthou Kangba of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak), invented the game of Polo or Sagol Kangjei ().

Mike Wallace

Myron Leon "Mike" Wallace (born in Brookline, Massachusetts, May 9, 1918 – died in New Haven, Connecticut, April 7, 2012) was an American journalist, actor, game show host and television personality. He presented the CBS television program "60 Minutes".

Al dente

Al dente is a term used when cooking. It comes from Italian, and is used for pasta, rice, and sometimes vegetables. It means that the item (for example the spaghetti) are cooked, so that they are soft, but they are still firm to the bite. Usually, cooking something al dente involves a short cooking time. Commercial pasta often specifies the cooking time (for al dente).

A counter-example may be risotto: When preparing Italian-style risotto, the rice is usually cooked until it is totally soft. 

Eka Tkeshelashvili

Ekaterine "Eka" Tkeshelashvili (; born May 23, 1977) is a Georgian jurist and politician, who had held post of Minister of Justice, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Secretary of the National Security Council, and Deputy Prime Minister and State Minister for Reintegration of Georgia under President Mikheil Saakashvili.


Emakimono

Emakimono (絵巻物) or just emaki is an Japanese horizontal illustrated narration. It was originated in 8th century. Emakimoko used as illustration of religious texts, legends, or even romantic stories. It was generally depicted the customs of Japanese people. The preserved copies are protected as National Treasures of Japan.

Princess Victoria of Hesse and by Rhine

Princess Victoria of Hesse and by Rhine (5 April 1863 - 24 September 1950) was the eldest child of Princess Alice of the United Kingdom and Louis IV, Grand Duke of Hesse. She was the granddaughter of Queen Victoria. She married Prince Louis of Battenberg. Her children were Louis Mountbatten, 1st Earl Mountbatten of Burma, and Princess Alice of Battenberg, Queen Louise of Sweden, and George Mountbatten, 2nd Marquess of Milford Haven, . She was the grandmother of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh grandmother in law of Queen Elizabeth II and great grandmother of King Charles III.

Princess Victoria Marchioness Milford Haven died on 24 September 1950 age 87 . She was buried on 28 September 1950 with her husband Prince Louis of Battenberg at St Mildred Church Whippingham on the Isle of Wight.

Northwest Airlines Flight 5 (1990)

Northwest Airlines Flight 5 was an internal flight from Miami International Airport to Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport. On January 4, 1990, the Boeing 727-251 (registered N280US) had an engine failure in the third engine while flying over Madison, Florida.

The aircraft was a Boeing 727-251 with registration N280US. The aircraft was 14 years old at the time of the incident. The aircraft was operated by Northwest Airlines.

On January 4, 1990, at 8:15 EST, the aircraft took off from Miami. At 9:10 , the pilots heard a loud bang. The pilots did not know that an engine fell off the aircraft. The aircraft flew for 50 minutes before emergency landing at Tampa International Airport.

After looking, it was found that the lavatory seal was missing. This made lavatory fluid freeze, and fall into the third engine. The engine fell off after being damaged. The engine was designed this way.

Member states of the Commonwealth of Nations

The Commonwealth of Nations is a group of 54 countries, most of which used to be apart of the British Empire. It is an international organisation that has Queen Elizabeth II as its head. 

All dates below are provided by the Commonwealth of Nations Secretariat members list, and population figures are as of 1 February 2020.

A. Unless otherwise noted, independence was gained from the United Kingdom on the date (shown in column 2) of joining the Commonwealth.
B. Not a member of the Commonwealth Foundation.
C. Though Pakistan celebrates 14 August 1947 as its independence day, independence was officially granted at midnight, 15 August 1947. Therefore, its date of joining the Commonwealth would be 15 August 1947.
D. Geopolitically part of Europe, but geographically part of Asia.
E. Constitutional monarchy that operates under a Westminster system. The monarch is not the British monarch, making it not a Commonwealth realm.


Minneapolis−Saint Paul International Airport

Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport is an international airport used for commercial and military use. The airport is located in Minnesota, United States. The airport is the largest in terms of passenger amount in the Upper Midwest region of the United States.

These airlines fly to and from Minneapolis-Saint Paul;


Montevideo–Chippewa County Airport

Montevideo–Chippewa County Airport is an airport in Montevideo, Minnesota, United States.

Red Scorpion

Red Scorpion is a 1988 American South African Namibian action movie directed by Joseph Zito and is the first movie in the "Red Scorpion" series. It stars Dolph Lundgren, M. Emmet Walsh, Al White, T. P. McKenna, Carmen Argenziano.


Lake Kasumigaura

Lake Kasumigaura () is a lake that is located in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan. It is the second largest lake in Japan after Lake Biwa.

Saint-Rhémy-en-Bosses

Saint-Rhémy-en-Bosses is a "comune" in the Aosta Valley region in Italy.

Baudette International Airport

Baudette International Airport is an airport available to the public. The airport is owned by the county of Lake of the Woods in Minnesota. The airport is near a the city of Baudette, Minnesota.

The airport has one asphalt runway numbered 12/30. The airport also has a landing area for seaplanes on the Rainy River.

Soft Metal Music

Soft Metal Music is a genre of music involving metal music that is not quite heavy enough to be considered heavy metal music. One notable song with this genre is "Smells Like Teen Spirit" by Nirvana. This genre includes sub genres such as Nu metal, grunge music, and heavy rock.

Montville, Connecticut

Montville is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Flag of the Faroe Islands

The flag of the Faroe Islands has a blue-fimbriated red Nordic cross on a white field.

Forensic evidence

Forensic evidence is a way of using forensic science to find out who someone is using technology to look at stuff they've touched. It is commonly used at places where crimes have taken place and are being investigated.

One of the most common types of evidence is fingerprints. When someone touches something, they leave their fingerprint on it. Using technology, people can look at the fingerprint on the object that was touched and find out who touched it.

Shinano River

The Shinano River () is the longest river in Japan that flows through Niigata and Nagano prefectures.

Oswald Spengler

Oswald Spengler (29 May 1880 – 8 May 1936) was a German philosopher and schoolteacher. He was mostly active in the areas of the philosophy of history, and cultural history. He also had antidemocratic ideas. He was part of a group of people called Konservative Revolution. His main work, The Decline of the West (original: Der Untergang des Abendlandes), he is against telling the story of humanity as a linear story of advances and successes. Instead, he says that history is cyclic: new cultures arise, they are successful, and they vanish again. He also says that the different cultures are well-defined, and clearly distinguishable. One such culture usually has a "lifetime" of about 1.000 years. Even in the title of his work, he says that the culture of the West (he used the term Abendland, occident, in English), is in decline. 

According to his contemporaries, Spengler correctly predicted some historical developments. He also influenced a few historians, such as Franz Borkenau and Arnold J. Toynbee. 

Spengler also published a number of minor works. As he saw that the Weimar Republic didn't work, he hoped that there would be a dictator thar would be strong enough to master the political challenges, in internal and foreign policy. Spengler talked about an era of wars of annihilation (such as the First World War). Spengler was also against National Socialism. He thought that antisemitism (as propagated by the Nazis) was too simple to be a solution for the problems of the time. He also thought that Benito Mussolini was better at what he did than Adolf Hitler.

Spengler died of a heart attack in his apartment in Munich, on May 8, 1936. 

The Nazis were ambivalent as to Spengler: Some saw him as one of the philosophical forefathers, others though that his ideas were too antiquated to be useful. As a philosopher, Alfred Baeumler was much closer to Nazi ideologies. 

Dongo, Lombardy

Dongo is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Tone River

The Tone River () is a large river that runs through the Kanto region of Japan from northwest to southeast. It is the second longest river in Japan after the Shinano River. The river basin area is the largest in Japan.

Barkhamsted, Connecticut

Barkhamsted is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Abdullah el-Faisal

Abdullah el-Faisal (born 10 September 1963) is a Muslim minister who gave his messages in the United Kingdom until he was convicted of supporting hate against different races and asking his followers to murder Jews, Hindus, Christians, and Americans.

El-Faisal was sent to nine years in prison, but only went to it for four years before being forced to go back to Jamaica in 2007. He would then go to Africa, but was forced to leave Botswana in 2009 and later Kenya in January 2010.

Bethany, Connecticut

Bethany is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Bolton, Connecticut

Bolton is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Bozrah, Connecticut

Bozrah is a town in Connecticut in the United States.

Vienna International Airport

Vienna International Airport is the international airport of Vienna, Austria, southeast of central Vienna. The airport is the largest in Austria.

On 27 December 1985, Vienna International Airport was one of two airports attacked in the 1985 Rome and Vienna airport attacks.


JP Karliak

John Paul "JP" Karliak (born May 11, 1981) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian. He is known for voicing characters, such as Linus in "The Stinky and Dirty Show" and Wile E. Coyote in "Wabbit/New Looney Tunes". Karliak was born John Paul Karliak on May 11, 1981 in Scranton, Pennsylvania.

Doug Lennox

Doug Joseph Lennox (21 January 1938 – 28 November 2015) was a Canadian actor, writer and radio personality, who was perhaps best known for his book "Now You Know, The Big Book of Answers" and his many appearances in movies such as "X-Men", "Police Academy" and "The Mask".

Stiff Records

Stiff Records is a British independent record label. It was formed in London, England, by Dave Robinson and Jake Riviera (real name Andrew Jakeman). It was first active from 1976 to 1988 and then started again in 1995.

Robinson and Riviera had arranged package tours ‒ such as the 1975 "Naughty Rhythms" tour ‒ for acts they managed before forming Stiff. The first tour, known as the "Live Stiffs Tour" or "5 Live Stiffs" (3 October – 5 November 1977), comprised five bands: Elvis Costello and The Attractions, Ian Dury and the Blockheads, Wreckless Eric and The New Rockets, Nick Lowe's Last Chicken in the Shop, and Larry Wallis's Psychedelic Rowdies. Having signed all the named artists as individuals, bands had to be formed in order to tour: these were largely based on the session musicians used for the artists' solo records. There were 18 musicians on the tour, several doubling up, e.g. Dury playing drums for Wreckless Eric while the last two "bands" had the same line up (Nick Lowe, Larry Wallis, Dave Edmunds, Terry Williams, Pete Thomas and Penny Tobin).

The original idea was that the running order would rotate each night, but Dury and Costello were clearly the strongest acts. Costello played mostly new material and cover versions, rather than numbers from his recently released album "My Aim is True", so the gigs usually ended with most of the artists on stage performing Dury's "Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll". A live album entitled "Live Stiffs Live" and a video of the tour were produced, but the tour only covered the UK.

After the departure of Riviera, Robinson arranged a second tour, the "Be Stiff" or the "Be Stiff Route 78" tour, from October 10 to November 19, 1978 (UK), again comprising five acts; Wreckless Eric, Lene Lovich, Jona Lewie, Chris Sievey and Rachel Sweet. The mainland section of the UK tour was undertaken by train and the Irish section by coach, and then continued on to the New York, USA in December 17 to 20. The artists contributed to an EP with cover versions of the Devo song, and early Stiff single, "Be Stiff".

The final tour, the "Son of Stiff Tour 1980", comprised Tenpole Tudor, Any Trouble, Dirty Looks, Joe "King" Carrasco and the Crowns, and The Equators. Undertaken by bus, this European tour was not successful. The tour led to a 12" EP "Son of Stiff Tour 1980" (SON 1) and a short movie directed by Jeff Baynes. The movie has not been released for sale, but was shown on BBC4 in September 2006.

List of geek rock artists

This is a list of artists who are known for producing music in the geek rock genre including its subgenres such as nerd punk and trock.







Mine (disambiguation)

Mine, mines, miners or mining may refer to:














Thomas Müntzer

Thomas Müntzer (c. 1489 – 27 May 1525) was a German preacher of the early Reformation. He became also a leader of the uprising well known as the German Peasant's War.

Theology of Muntzer combines spiritual elements, apocalyptic elements, and social elements. He believed that the Roman Catholic Church, with which he had quarrels, was similar to the Whore of Babylon from the Book of Revelation.

Maricopa, California

Maricopa is a city in Kern County, California in the United States. It lies at an elevation of .

Ishikari River

The Ishikari River () is the third longest river in Japan that flows through Hokkaido.

Phil Jupitus

Phillip Christopher Jupitus (, "né" Swan; born 25 June 1962) is an English stand-up and improv comedian, actor, performance poet, cartoonist and podcaster. Jupitus was a team captain on all but one BBC Two-broadcast episode of music quiz "Never Mind the Buzzcocks" from its inception in 1996 until 2015, and also appears regularly as a guest on several other panel shows, including "QI" and BBC Radio 4's "I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue".

Osaka Bay

Osaka Bay is a bay that is located between Osaka and Awaji Island in Japan.

Suruga Bay

Suruga Bay () is a bay located in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan.

Iturup

Iturup (, ) is the largest island in the Kuril Islands.

Kunashir Island

Kunashir Island (, ) is an island in the Kuril Islands.

Catharsis

Catharsis is a term in the Greek theatre meaning the purification of emotions through art. This was the effect of the tragedy as the main and earliest genre of the Greek theatre. It was originally used by Aristotle in the Poetics. 

It was also used in psychology. 

Art therapy

Mimesis

Teatro Massimo

The Teatro Massimo Vittorio Emanuele is an opera house and opera company located on the Piazza Verdi in Palermo, Sicily. It was dedicated to King Victor Emanuel II.
It is the biggest in Italy, and one of the largest of Europe (at the time of its opening, it was - with its area of 7730 m² - the third largest opera house in Europe after the Palais Garnier in Paris, and the K. K. Hof-Opernhaus in Vienna). It is famous for its perfect acoustics.

The final scenes of Francis Ford Coppola's film "The Godfather Part III" (1990) were filmed at the theatre, where the uncle of Francis Ford Coppola, the composer and conductor Anton Coppola, is shown conducting the opera, "Cavalleria rusticana".


Rta

In the Vedic religion, Ṛta (/ˈrɪtə/; Sanskrit ऋत "ṛta" "order, rule; truth") is the principle of natural order which regulates and coordinates the operation of the universe and everything within it. In the hymns of the Vedas, "Ṛta" is described as that, which is ultimately responsible for the proper functioning of the natural, moral and sacrificial orders. Conceptually, it is closely allied to the injunctions and ordinances thought to uphold it, collectively referred to as "Dharma", and the action of the individual in relation to those ordinances, referred to as "Karma" – two terms which eventually eclipsed "Ṛta" in importance as signifying natural, religious and moral order in later Hinduism. Sanskrit scholar Maurice Bloomfield referred to "Ṛta" as "one of the most important religious conceptions of the "Rigveda", going on to note that, "from the point of view of the history of religious ideas we may, in fact we must, begin the history of Hindu religion at least with the history of this conception".
its Avestan equivalent "" (Asha "Truth") properly joined, right, true", from a presumed root "*". The derivative noun "ṛta" is defined as "fixed or settled order, rule, divine law or truth".
"Ṛta-" or "arta-" sometimes appears as an element in Vedic and Indic personal names, as with Iranian.

In India the vocalic 'ṛ' of Sanskrit is transformed into the modern 'ri', or in South India, 'ru'. Indian names include:



Polytechnic Institute of Paris

The Polytechnic Institute of Paris (French: "Institut polytechnique de Paris") is an engineering graduate school in France. 

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at Institut polytechnique de Paris.

On September 15, 2020, the Institute co-founded with HEC Paris the artificial intelligence research center Hi! PARIS.

Most of the 6900 graduate engineer students at Institut polytechnique de Paris live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports.

Research activities at Institut polytechnique de Paris relate to the following topics:


Eleni (movie)

Eleni is the 1985 movie adaptation of the memoir "Eleni" by Greek-American journalist Nicholas Gage. Directed by Peter Yates with a screenplay by Steve Tesich, the movie stars John Malkovich, Kate Nelligan, Linda Hunt and Glenne Headly.

The movie is told in a flashback format with Gage, now living in the United States, returning to his native Greece to solve the mystery of his mother's death when he was a child. The film looks back to the effect of the 1940s Greek Civil War in Lia – the remote Greek village of Gage's childhood in the northwestern Greek region of Epirus; and in particular, the murder of his mother by communist guerrillas of the
Democratic Army of Greece (ΔΣΕ), which was founded by the Communist Party of Greece in order to make Greece a communist country.




Russell Square tube station

Russell Square is a London Underground station facing Russell Square on Bernard Street, Bloomsbury, in the London Borough of Camden. The station is on the Piccadilly line, between Holborn and King's Cross St Pancras on tube maps.

Russell Square Station is very close to the British Museum, the University of London's main building, Great Ormond Street Hospital, Russell Square Gardens and the Brunswick Centre.

The station was designed by Leslie Green and is of the modern style.

On 7 July 2005, in a organised bomb attack, an explosion in a train going between King's Cross St. Pancras and Russell Square caused the deaths of 26 people.

A memorial to the victims, similar to the one at King's Cross St Pancras tube station, is located at the station.

The station was used as the place for the horror movie "Death Line", which had actors like Donald Pleasence, Christopher Lee and Clive Swift in.

Leo De Lyon

Irving Levin (April 27, 1926 - September 18, 2021), known professionally by his stage name Leo De Lyon, was an American actor who was best known for his role as Spook and Brain in the prime time animated series "Top Cat" (1961-1962).

André Roussin

André Roussin (22 January 1911 – 3 November 1987) was a French playwright. He was born in Marseille, France. He was elected to the Académie française in 1973. His plays were made into movies such as "The Little Hut" and "The Ostrich Has Two Eggs". 

Night of the Auk

Night of the Auk is a 1956 Broadway drama in three acts written by Arch Oboler. It is a science fiction drama about space travelers returning to Earth after the first Moon landing. The play was based on Oboler's radio play "Rocket from Manhattan". "Night of the Auk" was published as a book in 1958.

Archibald MacLeish

Archibald MacLeish (May 7, 1892 – April 20, 1982) was an American poet and writer. He worked for "Fortune" from 1929 to 1938. For five years, MacLeish was the ninth Librarian of Congress, nominated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt. From 1949 to 1962, he was a professor at Harvard University. He was awarded three Pulitzer Prizes for his work.


Robinson Jeffers

John Robinson Jeffers (January 10, 1887 – January 20, 1962) was an American poet. He was known for his work about the central California coast. His works were about the environmental movement.



Delta Air Lines Flight 89

Delta Air Lines Flight 89 was a planned flight from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Shanghai Pudong International Airport (PVG). On January 14, 2020, the Boeing 777-232ER (registered N860DA) had engine problems after taking off. While returning to the airport, the plane dumped fuel over homes and schools. This made 56 people injured.

The incident aircraft, N860DA, is a Boeing 777 which flies for Delta Air Lines.

On January 14, 2020, the aircraft took off at 11:32 a.m. After a few minutes, the pilots told air traffic control they had a compressor stall in their right engine. The pilots said they did not need to dump fuel.

While flying over Los Angeles, the plane dumped fuel. Many schools were hit by this fuel, including Park Avenue Elementary School. Students in Park Avenue were covered in jet fuel. 

First responders helped students and staff at schools. At least 56 children and adults had injuries to their skin and lungs.

The aircraft started more flights on January 24. On October 4, it was retired with all Delta Air Line's Boeing 777's.

Medea (play)

Medea (, "Mēdeia") is an ancient Greek tragedy written by Euripides. It is based on the myth of Jason and Medea and first produced in 431 BC. 

It is about Medea, a former princess of the kingdom of Colchis, and the wife of Jason; she finds her role in the Greek world threatened as Jason leaves her for a Greek princess of Corinth. Medea takes revenge on Jason by murdering Jason's new wife as well as her own children, after which she escapes to Athens to start a new life.

The play holds the American Theatre Wing's Tony Award record for most wins for the same female lead character, with Judith Anderson winning in 1948, Zoe Caldwell in 1982, and Diana Rigg in 1994.

American Shakespeare Theatre

The American Shakespeare Theatre was a theater company based in Stratford, Connecticut, United States. It was created in the early 1950s by Lawrence Langner, Lincoln Kirstein, John Percy Burrell, and philanthropist Joseph Verner Reed. 

The American Shakespeare Festival Theatre was opened in 1955. Their first play was "Julius Caesar". The theater building burned to the ground on January 13, 2019.

Royal Shakespeare Theatre

The Royal Shakespeare Theatre (RST) is a theatre owned by the Royal Shakespeare Company. It is located in the town of Stratford-upon-Avon in the English Midlands. The Royal Shakespeare and Swan Theatres re-opened in November 2010 after renovation known as the Transformation Project.

Maurice Gosfield

Maurice Lionel Gosfield (January 28, 1913 - October 19, 1964) was an American stage, movie, radio and television actor. He is best remembered for his portrayal of Private Duane Doberman on the sitcom "The Phil Silvers Show" (1955-1959) and voicing Benny the Ball in "Top Cat" (1961-1962).

Jean Anouilh

Jean Marie Lucien Pierre Anouilh (; 23 June 1910 – 3 October 1987) was a French dramatist. Anouilh is best known for his 1944 play "Antigone".

Becket

Becket or The Honour of God () is a 1959 play written in French by Jean Anouilh. It is about the fight between Thomas Becket and King Henry II of England leading to Becket's assassination in 1170. It is known for having many incorrect historical facts, something which Anoulih said.

The play was first performed in the original French at the Théâtre Montparnasse-Gaston Baty in Paris on 8 October 1959 and in an English version on Broadway in 1960.

Evening Standard Theatre Awards

The "Evening Standard" Theatre Awards, created in 1955, are the oldest theatrical awards ceremony in the United Kingdom. They are presented every year for outstanding achievements in London Theatre. It is organised by the "Evening Standard" newspaper.

The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui

The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui (), known "A parable play", is a 1941 play by the German playwright Bertolt Brecht. It is about the rise of Arturo Ui, a fictional 1930s Chicago mobster, and his attempts to control the cauliflower racket by killing his business enemies. The play is an satirical allegory of the rise of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party.


The Royal Hunt of the Sun

The Royal Hunt of the Sun is a 1964 play by Peter Shaffer that is about the connection of two worlds entering in a conflict by connecting them to two characters: Atahuallpa Inca and Francisco Pizarro.

"The Royal Hunt of the Sun" was first presented at the Chichester Festival by the National Theatre and subsequently at the Old Vic in July 1964. It was directed by John Dexter and designed by Michael Annals with music composed by Marc Wilkinson and movement by Claude Chagrin.

Jean Giraudoux

Hippolyte Jean Giraudoux (; 29 October 1882 – 31 January 1944) was a French novelist, essayist, diplomat and playwright.


Amphitryon 38

Amphitryon 38 is a play written in 1929 by the French dramatist Jean Giraudoux.

"Amphitryon 38" was translated into English in 1938 by S. N. Behrman in 1964 by Phyllis La Farge and Peter H. Judd and in 1967 by Roger Gellert.

"Amphitryon 38" was first performed on 8 November 1929 in Paris at the Comedie des Champs-Elysees.

Danton's Death

Danton's Death ("Dantons Tod") was the first play written by Georg Büchner, set during the French Revolution.

The play is about the story of Georges Danton, a leader of the French Revolution. Georges Danton created the office of the Revolutionary Tribunal as a strong arm for the Revolutionary Government.


Adrian Mitchell

Adrian Mitchell FRSL (24 October 1932 – 20 December 2008) was an English poet, novelist and playwright. He became known for his works in British Left. He was a leading activist in the anti-Bomb movement.

Long Day's Journey into Night

Long Day's Journey into Night is a tragedy play in four acts written by American playwright Eugene O'Neill in 1941–42, first published in 1956. The play is seen to be his best work and one of the best American plays of the 20th century. 

O'Neill posthumously won the 1957 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for "Long Day's Journey into Night". 

The Good Doctor (play)

The Good Doctor is a comedy with music written by Neil Simon. It is multiple short plays, based on short stories and other works of Russian writer Anton Chekhov.

"The Good Doctor" opened on Broadway at the Eugene O'Neill Theatre on November 27, 1973, and closed on May 25, 1974, after 208 performances and eight previews. It starred René Auberjonois, Barnard Hughes, Marsha Mason, Christopher Plummer, and Frances Sternhagen.

After the Fall (play)

After the Fall is a play by the American dramatist Arthur Miller.

The play premiered on Broadway at the ANTA Washington Square Theatre on January 23, 1964, and closed on May 29, 1964 after 208 performances. It was directed by Elia Kazan and starred Barbara Loden as Maggie and Jason Robards Jr. as Quentin, along with Ralph Meeker as Mickey, Salome Jens as Holga, and Faye Dunaway as Nurse. 

Caesar and Cleopatra (play)

Caesar and Cleopatra is a play written in 1898 by George Bernard Shaw that is a fictionalized relationship between Julius Caesar and Cleopatra. It was first published with "Captain Brassbound's Conversion" and "The Devil's Disciple" in Shaw's 1901 collection "Three Plays for Puritans". 

It was first performed in a single staged reading at Newcastle upon Tyne on 15 March 1899. It was later shown in New York in 1906 and in London at the Savoy Theatre in 1907.


Prospero

Prospero ( ) is a fictional character and the hero of William Shakespeare's play "The Tempest".

Prospero is the rightful Duke of Milan. He has learned sorcery from books.

Anthony Mann

Anthony Mann (born Emil Anton Bundsmann; June 30, 1906 – April 29, 1967) was an American movie director and stage actor. He was known for his work in the "film noir" and Western genres. 

He made several Westerns with James Stewart, such as "Winchester '73" (1950), and he was the director of "El Cid" (1961). He also directed "Cimarron" (1960).

In 1967, Mann died from a heart attack in Berlin while filming the spy thriller "A Dandy in Aspic".

Inside Daisy Clover

Inside Daisy Clover is a 1965 American drama movie based on Gavin Lambert's 1963 novel of the same name, directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Natalie Wood. It follows a tomboy becoming a Hollywood actress and singer.

Eddie Chapman

Edward Arnold Chapman (16 November 1914 – 11 December 1997) was an English criminal and wartime spy. During the Second World War he offered his services to Nazi Germany as a spy and soon became a British double agent. 

His British Secret Service handlers codenamed him "Agent Zigzag".


The Night of the Generals

The Night of the Generals is a 1967 World War II mystery movie directed by Anatole Litvak and produced by Sam Spiegel. It stars Peter O'Toole, Omar Sharif, Tom Courtenay, Donald Pleasence, Joanna Pettet and Philippe Noiret. It was loosely based on the beginning of the novel of the same name by German author Hans Hellmut Kirst. 

Doctor Dolittle (1967 movie)

Doctor Dolittle (also known as Dr. Dolittle) is a 1967 American musical comedy movie directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Rex Harrison, Samantha Eggar, Anthony Newley, and Richard Attenborough. 

It was based on Leslie Bricusse from the novel series by Hugh Lofting.

Oedipus the King (1968 movie)

Nobody Runs Forever

Nobody Runs Forever, also called The High Commissioner, is a 1968 political neo noir spy thriller movie directed by Ralph Thomas. It is based on Jon Cleary's 1966 novel "The High Commissioner". It stars Rod Taylor as Australian policeman Scobie Malone and Christopher Plummer as the Australian High Commissioner.

In August 1966 Cleary said Frank Sinatra was interested in buying the movie rights.

Battle of Britain (movie)

Battle of Britain is a 1969 British Second World War movie directed by Guy Hamilton, and produced by Harry Saltzman and S. Benjamin Fisz. The movie is about the Battle of Britain. 

It stars Laurence Olivier as Air Chief Marshal Sir Hugh Dowding, Trevor Howard as Air Vice-Marshal Keith Park, and Patrick Wymark as Air Vice-Marshal Trafford Leigh-Mallory, Air Officer commanding No. 12 Group RAF. It also starred Michael Caine, Christopher Plummer and Robert Shaw as Squadron Leaders. 

Jennifer Carroll Foy

Jennifer Denise Carroll Foy (born September 25, 1981) is an American lawyer and politician. She served as the Virginia state delegate for the 2nd house district. She resigned to run for governor of Virginia in the 2021 election She lost in the Democratic primary behind Terry McAuliffe.

Jennifer Carroll Foy was born in Petersburg, Virginia. She graduated from Petersburg High School.

After graduating from the Thomas Jefferson School of Law, Carroll Foy spent time teaching in Los Angeles. She moved to Virginia and opened a private law practice for criminal defense.

In February 2017, Carroll Foy began running for the 2nd district seat in the 2017 election. In November 2017, Carroll Foy became delegate of Virginia's Second district.

In 2020, Carroll Foy became a candidate for the Democratic Party in the 2021 Virginia gubernatorial election. She resigned from her state delegate seat on December 12, 2021. She lost when previous Governor Terry McAuliffe was chosen in the Democratic primary.

Lock Up Your Daughters (1969 movie)

Lock Up Your Daughters! is a 1969 British comedy movie directed by Peter Coe and starring Christopher Plummer, Susannah York and Glynis Johns. It is a version of the 1959 stage musical of the same name set in 18th-century Britain.

The Royal Hunt of the Sun (movie)

The Royal Hunt of the Sun is a 1969 British-American epic historial drama movie based on the play of the same name by Peter Shaffer. It stars Robert Shaw as Francisco Pizarro and Christopher Plummer as the Inca leader Atahualpa. Plummer appeared in stage versions of the play before appearing in the movie.

It received mixed reviews from critics.

The Silent Partner (1978 movie)

The Silent Partner (French title: "L'argent de la banque") is a 1978 Canadian heist movie and a remake of the 1969 Danish movie "Think of a Number". It is based on a novel by Danish writer Anders Bodelsen. The movie was directed by Daryl Duke and written by Curtis Hanson. It stars Elliott Gould, Christopher Plummer and Susannah York.

It has been called "one of the few truly good movies to come out of the tax-shelter heyday of the 1970s."

Aces High (movie)

Aces High is a 1976 war movie starring Malcolm McDowell, Peter Firth, Christopher Plummer and Simon Ward. The movie is based on the 1928 play "Journey's End" by R. C. Sherriff. It was directed by Jack Gold and written by Howard Barker.


Starcrash

Starcrash is a 1978 American space opera movie directed and co-written by Italian filmmaker Luigi Cozzi, and starring Marjoe Gortner, Caroline Munro, Christopher Plummer, David Hasselhoff and Joe Spinell. It is seen as a "cash-in" and cheap copy of "Star Wars". 

International Velvet (movie)

International Velvet is a 1978 British-American sports drama war movie and a sequel to the 1944 picture "National Velvet" starring Tatum O'Neal, Christopher Plummer, Anthony Hopkins and Nanette Newman. It was directed by Bryan Forbes.

Murder by Decree

Murder by Decree is a 1979 British-Canadian mystery thriller movie directed by Bob Clark. It is about Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson trying to solve the real life 1888 Whitechapel murders committed by "Jack the Ripper". Christopher Plummer plays Holmes and James Mason plays Watson. 

Somewhere in Time (movie)

Somewhere in Time is a 1980 American romantic fantasy drama movie directed by Jeannot Szwarc. It is a movie version of the 1975 novel "Bid Time Return" by Richard Matheson, who also wrote the screenplay. The movie stars Christopher Reeve, Jane Seymour, and Christopher Plummer.

Rotten Tomatoes gave the movie a 61% positive review; the rating average is 6 out of 10.

Christopher Reeve

Christopher D'Olier Reeve (September 25, 1952 – October 10, 2004) was an American actor, director, and activist. He was best known for playing Superman in the 1978 movie of the same name and its three sequels. He was born in New York City. During his career, he won a BAFTA Award, Screen Actors Guild Award and a Grammy Award.

Reeve broke his neck when he was thrown from a horse during an equestrian competition in 1995. He became a quadriplegic (paralyzed). He was married to Dana Reeve.

Reeve died on October 10, 2004 in Mount Kisco, New York of cardiac arrest as an allergic reaction to his medicine, aged 52.

Dragnet (1987 movie)

Dragnet is a 1987 American comedy movie, directed and co-written by Tom Mankiewicz. It is based on the radio and television crime drama of the same name. It stars Dan Aykroyd, Tom Hanks, Christopher Plummer, Harry Morgan, Alexandra Paul and Dabney Coleman.

Wolf (1994 movie)

Wolf is a 1994 American romantic horror movie directed by Mike Nichols and starring Jack Nicholson, Michelle Pfeiffer, James Spader, Kate Nelligan, Richard Jenkins, Christopher Plummer, Eileen Atkins, David Hyde Pierce, and Om Puri. It was written by Jim Harrison, Wesley Strick, and Elaine May. The music was composed by Ennio Morricone.

The movie was released in June 1994. It made more than $131 million worldwide.

Taylor Hackford

Taylor Edwin Hackford (born December 31, 1944) is an American movie director. He was president of the Directors Guild of America. He won the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film for "Teenage Father" (1979). He is known for directing "An Officer and a Gentleman" (1982) and "Ray" (2004).

12 Monkeys

12 Monkeys is a 1995 American science fiction movie directed by Terry Gilliam. It stars Bruce Willis, Madeleine Stowe, and Brad Pitt, with Christopher Plummer and David Morse.

Pitt was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, and he won a Golden Globe Award for his performance.

Nicholas Nickleby (2002 movie)

Nicholas Nickleby is a 2002 British-American period comedy-drama movie written and directed by Douglas McGrath. The screenplay is based on "The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby" by Charles Dickens. Charlie Hunnam stars as the main character with Nathan Lane, Jim Broadbent, Christopher Plummer, Jamie Bell, Anne Hathaway, Alan Cumming, and Timothy Spall.


Nicholas Nickleby

Nicholas Nickleby or The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby (or also The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby, Containing a Faithful Account of the Fortunes, Misfortunes, Uprisings, Downfallings, and Complete Career of the Nickleby Family) is a novel by Charles Dickens. It was published as a serial from 1838 to 1839. It was Dickens' third novel. The story is about the life and adventures of Nicholas Nickleby, a young man who must support his mother and sister after his father dies.

Joyce Vincent

Joyce Carol Vincent (19 October 1965 – December 2003) was an English woman whose death in her London bedsit flat went unnoticed for over two years.

Vincent was born in Hammersmith, London. Her parents were from Grenada. Her father was of African background and her mother was of Indian background. She left her job in 2001 for unknown reasons. Shortly after, she moved to a shelter for victims of domestic violence. Around the same time, she cut off nearly all contact with her close family and friends. An investigator of Vincent's case said that she had been in a relationship that had a "history of domestic violence". It has been said that she may have been ashamed of being a domestic violence victim or did not want to be found by her abuser. In February 2003, Vincent moved into a bedsit flat above a shopping centre in Wood Green, north London. It was owned by the Metropolitan Housing Trust and was used for abuse victims.

Vincent had asthma. For two days during November 2003, she was treated for a peptic ulcer at North Middlesex University Hospital. She died in her flat sometime in December 2003 at the age of 38. Her cause of death is unknown. It is thought she died from either an asthma attack or problems caused by her recent peptic ulcer.

Vincent's death went unnoticed for over two years. Neighbours believed the flat to be empty. The strong smell of Vincent's decomposing body were thought to be caused by bins close by. On 25 January 2006, bailiffs forced entry into the flat and found her body. A pathologist said that Vincent was "mostly skeletal" when she was found. Her body was found with a shopping bag and wrapped Christmas presents around her. The television and heating were still running due to debt forgiveness. Her bills were being paid through automatic debit.

A movie about her, "Dreams of a Life" (2011), was directed by Carol Morley. Actress Zawe Ashton played Vincent in the movie.

Steven Wilson's fourth solo studio album, "Hand. Cannot. Erase." (2015), is inspired by Vincent.

Punk rock musician Alex Marshall was inspired to write a song about Vincent's life. His band later decided to change the song's title to "No One Knew" and used the song's original title, Miss Vincent, to name the band instead. The single was released in 2012.

Vampire in Venice

Vampire in Venice (), also known as Prince of the Night and Nosferatu In Venice is a 1988 Italian supernatural horror movie directed by Augusto Caminito and starring Kinski, Christopher Plummer, Donald Pleasence, and Barbara De Rossi. 

The movie is about Professor Paris Catalano, who travels to Venice following the trail of the last known appearance of Nosferatu in 1786.

Stephen Gaghan

Stephen Gaghan (; born May 6, 1965) is an American screenwriter and director. He is known for writing Steven Soderbergh's movie "Traffic". He won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for "Traffic". He also wrote and directed the thriller "Abandon" and the family movie "Dolittle".

Must Love Dogs

Must Love Dogs is a 2005 American romantic comedy movie based on Claire Cook's 2002 novel of the same name. It stars Diane Lane and John Cusack. The movie is about a woman's struggle with divorce and meeting new people afterward. 

It was released on July 29, 2005 to negative reviews.


The New World (2005 movie)

The New World is a 2005 historical romance drama movie written and directed by Terrence Malick. It is about the founding of the Jamestown, Virginia and the historical figures Captain John Smith, Pocahontas of the Powhatan tribe, and Englishman John Rolfe.

It stars Colin Farrell, Q'orianka Kilcher, Christopher Plummer, Christian Bale, August Schellenberg, Wes Studi, David Thewlis and Yorick van Wageningen. 

Inside Man

Inside Man is a 2006 American heist thriller movie directed by Spike Lee and written by Russell Gewirtz. It is about a bank heist on Wall Street. It stars Denzel Washington, Clive Owen, Jodie Foster, Christopher Plummer, Chiwetel Ejiofor and Willem Dafoe.

The Lake House (movie)

The Lake House is a 2006 American fantasy romantic drama movie directed by Alejandro Agresti. It stars Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock with Christopher Plummer. It was written by David Auburn.

It is about an architect living in 2004 from Chicago and a doctor living in 2006 who meet through letters left in a mailbox at the lake house in Wisconsin where they have lived at separate points in time.

Mike Mills (director)

Michael Chadbourne Mills (born March 20, 1966) is an American movie director from Berkeley, California. He is also a writer and graphic designer. He is best known for his independent movies, "Beginners" (2010) and "20th Century Women" (2016).

The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (2011 movie)

The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a 2011 neo-noir psychological thriller movie based on the 2005 novel by Swedish writer Stieg Larsson. It was directed by David Fincher. 

It is about journalist Mikael Blomkvist's investigation to find out what happened to a girl from a wealthy family who disappeared 40 years prior. He hires the help of Lisabeth Salander, a computer hacker.

Boana beckeri

Boana beckeri is a frog that lives in Brazil in Minas Gerais. It lives in at least one protected place: the Parque Estadual Nova Baden.

Humans are more likely to see this frog on rainy days. The male frog climbs onto low plants and sings for the female frogs.

This frog's Latin name comes from scientist Johann Becker.

The Man Who Invented Christmas (movie)

The Man Who Invented Christmas is a 2017 Christmas biographical comedy drama movie directed by Bharat Nalluri and written by Susan Coyne. It is based on the 2008 book of the same name about Charles Dickens by Les Standiford. It stars Dan Stevens, Christopher Plummer, and Jonathan Pryce. It is about Dickens (Stevens) as he creates and writes his 1843 classic "A Christmas Carol".

It was released by Bleecker Street in the United States on 22 November 2017. It received generally positive reviews from critics.

2005 Major League Baseball All-Star Game

The 2005 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 76th time the midseason baseball game between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and National League (NL) (the two leagues that contained Major League Baseball) played. The game took place on July 12, 2005 at Comerica Park in Detroit, Michigan, where the Detroit Tigers, one of the teams competing, was located. The game would end with the American League defeating the National League 7–5, and giving an AL team (it would later be decided for it to be the Chicago White Sox) the prize of the ability to play at their home field in the 2005 World Series.

The Detroit Symphony Orchestra played the British national anthem before the game celebrations, as to show that they were also sad about the 7 July 2005 London bombings.

Studio One (American TV series)

Studio One is an American radio anthology drama series that was also adapted to television. It was created in 1947 by Canadian director Fletcher Markle. It aired under several titles: Studio One in Hollywood, Studio One Summer Theatre, Westinghouse Studio One and Westinghouse Summer Theatre.

CBS Radio received a Peabody Award for "Studio One" in 1947.

The Alcoa Hour

The Alcoa Hour is an American anthology television series that was aired live on NBC from 1955 to 1957. The Alcoa Hour was a one-hour live dramatic anthology series presenting both original stories and adaptations of popular works.


Kraft Television Theatre

Kraft Television Theatre is an American anthology drama television series that began May 7, 1947 on NBC, airing at 7:30pm on Wednesday evenings until December of that year. It was a live hour-long series offered television plays with new stories and new characters each wee. The program was broadcast live from Studio 8-H at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, currently the home of "Saturday Night Live".

Omnibus (American TV program)

Omnibus was an American educational variety television series.

The series won more than 65 awards, including eight Emmy Awards (it was nominated for thirteen) and two Peabody Awards. The series is held at the Library of Congress.

A Doll's House (1959 movie)

A Doll's House is a 1959 live telecast based on Henrik Ibsen's 1879 play "A Doll's House" directed by George Schaefer. It was broadcast on 15 November 1959. 


A Doll's House

A Doll's House (also translated from Danish as "A Doll House") is a three-act play written by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen. It premiered at the Royal Theatre in Copenhagen, Denmark, on 21 December 1879. The play is set in a Norwegian town circa 1879.


The Philadelphia Story (play)

The Philadelphia Story is a 1939 American comic play by Philip Barry. It is about a socialite whose wedding plans are ruined by the arrival of her ex-husband and an attractive journalist.


Herod Antipas

Herod Antipas (, "Hērǭdēs Antipas"; born before 20 BC – died after 39 AD), was a 1st-century ruler of Galilee and Perea. He had the title of tetrarch ("ruler of a quarter") and is known as both "Herod the Tetrarch" and "King Herod" in the New Testament. He never held the title of king. 

Jesus of Nazareth (TV series)

Jesus of Nazareth () is a 1977 British-Italian epic movie and television drama serial directed by Franco Zeffirelli and co-written by Zeffirelli, Anthony Burgess, and Suso Cecchi d'Amico.

It is about the life of Jesus Christ. It stars Robert Powell as Jesus and Anne Bancroft, Ernest Borgnine, Laurence Olivier, Christopher Plummer, Anthony Quinn, Rod Steiger, James Earl Jones, and Peter Ustinov.

"Jesus of Nazareth" premiered on 27 March 1977, on the Italian channel Rai 1, and was first aired in the United Kingdom, on 3 April 1977, on the ITV Network. 


Robert Powell

Robert Powell (; born 1 June 1944) is an English actor. He is known for playing Jesus Christ in "Jesus of Nazareth" (1977).


Herbert Kappler

Herbert Kappler (23 September 1907 – 9 February 1978) was a key German SS functionary and war criminal during the Nazi era. He was head of German police and security services ("Sicherheitspolizei" and SD) in Rome during the Second World War and was responsible for the Ardeatine massacre.

Stone sheep

The stone sheep is a subspecies of thinhorn sheep. Almost all stone sheep live in British Columbia in Canada.

This sheep is larger than its relative, the Dall sheep. The adult male stone sheep can weigh 180 to 220 lbs (82 to 100 kg). The adult female sheep are smaller. Unlike Dall sheep, stone sheep do not have bright white fur. Instead, they are gray, brown, or black. Lighter stone sheep are sometimes called Fannin sheep. Some scientists think Fannin sheep are a separate subspecies of thinhorn sheep and other scientists do not.

Stone sheep have horns with different shapes, but female stone sheep have thinner horns than male stone sheep. The horns are darker in color than the horns of Dall sheep.

The face, backs of the legs and the rear end usually have white fur on them. The tail is usually black with some black fur on the back.

There are about 12,000 to 15,000 stone sheep in the world. Most of them live in British Columbia in Canada. They like to live on steep mountains. They move around. They go to low meadows to eat plants and then go back to high, rocky places where it is difficult for other animals to catch them.

Thinhorn sheep and snow sheep became two separate species around the time the last ice age ended, 10,000 to 18,000 years ago. After that, the thinhorn sheep moved east and spread out. The Dall sheep and stone sheep became separate subspecies some time after that.

The Scarlet and the Black

The Scarlet and the Black is a 1983 American television war drama movie directed by Jerry London, and starring Gregory Peck and Christopher Plummer. It is based on J. P. Gallagher's book "The Scarlet Pimpernel of the Vatican". It was directed by Jerry London. 

The World of David the Gnome

The World of David the Gnome, originally titled David, el Gnomo (also known as David, the Gnome), is a Spanish animated television series based on the children's book "The Secret Book of Gnomes". Twenty-six episodes were produced. There was also a spin-off series entitled "Wisdom of the Gnomes".

David Maxwell Fyfe, 1st Earl of Kilmuir

David Patrick Maxwell Fyfe, 1st Earl of Kilmuir, (29 May 1900 – 27 January 1967), known as Sir David Maxwell Fyfe from 1942 to 1954 and as Viscount Kilmuir from 1954 to 1962, was a British Conservative politician, lawyer and judge. During his political career, he was the Solicitor General, Attorney General, Home Secretary and Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain.


Nuremberg (miniseries)

Nuremberg is a 2000 Canadian-American television docudrama in 2 parts. It is based on the book "Nuremberg: Infamy on Trial" by Joseph E. Persico, that tells the story of the Nuremberg trials.



American Tragedy (movie)

American Tragedy is a 2000 television movie broadcast on CBS from November 12, 2000 to November 15, 2000. It is based on the O. J. Simpson murder case for the 1994 murder of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ron Goldman. It was produced by Fox Television Studios. 

It won a Satellite Award and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award.


Ric Burns

Ric Burns (born 1955) is an American documentary filmmaker and writer. He has written, directed and produced historical documentaries since the 1990s. He was involved in the making of the PBS series "The Civil War" (1990), which he produced with his older brother Ken Burns.



On Golden Pond (play)

On Golden Pond is a 1979 play by Ernest Thompson. The play is about an old couple Ethel and Norman Thayer, who spend each summer at their home on a lake called Golden Pond. During the year the story takes place, they are visited by daughter Chelsea with her fiancé Billy Ray and his son Billy Ray Jr.

In 2001, CBS aired a live television version starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer.

On Golden Pond (2001 movie)

On Golden Pond is a 2001 American live television version of the play of the same name starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer. The movie originally aired on CBS on April 29, 2001.


The Gospel of John (2003 movie)

The Gospel of John is a 2003 epic television movie that is about the life of Jesus according to the Gospel of John. 


The Captains (movie)

The Captains is a 2011 documentary movie that is about actor William Shatner through interviews with the other actors who have played starship captains in five other versions of the "Star Trek" franchise. Shatner talks about his life and career before, during, and after his work on "Star Trek". 

The movie has interviews from Scott Bakula, Avery Brooks, Kate Mulgrew, Chris Pine, Patrick Stewart, René Auberjonois, Jonathan Frakes, Christopher Plummer and Nana Visitor.

New shekel

The New Shekel or Israeli Shekel is the official currency (money) of the State of Israel. The shekel is the name of money used in ancient times in the Bible and in places like the Land of Israel.

People usually call the money simply "the shekel." The plural of shekel is "shkalim". Shkalim are divided into 100 "agorot".

The shekel has its own special symbol: ₪. This comes from joining the first two letters of the words in Hebrew for New Shekel (ש"ח). In English, shekel can be written as NIS (standing for 'New Israeli Shekel').

TriStar Pictures

TriStar Pictures, Inc. is an American movie studio and production company. The company is a member of the Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group. TriStar Pictures is a sister studio of the older Sony studio Columbia Pictures. Sony Pictures Television runs a special label called "TriStar Television" for certain productions. 

TriStar Pictures was created in 1982 and founded as Nova Pictures by Victor Kaufman, a high-ranking employee at Columbia. He convinced Columbia, CBS, and HBO to give him money for a new studio, and the first movie made by TriStar was "The Natural" in 1984. After making several successful movies such as the "Rambo" series, TriStar was eventually combined with Columbia, which in turn was bought by Sony. Despite taking a backseat to Columbia in the present day, TriStar still makes movies once in a while either through TriStar Productions or by releasing movies from other Sony departments.

Vincent Cannistraro

Vincent Cannistraro is the former head of the CIA's anti-terrorism center. He worked with the CIA for over 27 years. After leaving, he would become an advisor on terrorism to a few different companies and organizations, such as ABC News and the Holy See.

La plus que lente

La plus que lente, L. 121 (, "The more than slow"), is a waltz for solo piano Claude Debussy wrote in 1910. Just beforehand, he had published Préludes, Book I. The piece was first played at the New Carlton Hotel in Paris. There, it was transcribed for strings. The popular 'gipsy' violinist, Léoni, performed it. Debussy had written it for him, and gave him the manuscript himself.

Debussy arranged the piece for small orchestra (flute, clarinet, piano, cimbalom and strings) which was published in 1912.

The title, "La plus que lente", refers to a slow waltz, the valse lente genre that Debussy tried to copy. It does not refer to the speed of the piece. This piece is a typical example of how Debussy named his pieces. It is also a reaction to the slow waltz, which was very popular in France at the time. Frank Howes noted, ""La plus que lente" is, in Debussy's wryly humorous way, the "valse lente" [slow waltz] to outdo all others."

The work is marked "Molto rubato con morbidezza," indicating Debussy's encouragement of a flexible tempo.

A small statue may have inspired Debussy to write this piece. He kept this statue on his furniture, and called it "La Valse". Other people have pointed out other sources of inspiration: A piece that he had written shortly before, called Ballade, is very similar.

During the same year of its composition, an orchestration of the work was conceived, but Debussy opposed the score's heavy use of percussion and proposed a new one, writing to his publisher:



Burgoberbach

Burgoberbach is a municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.

In the graveyard of the Catholic church of St. Leonhard lies the grave of Flying Officer George Warren, administered by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.

Bob Moses (activist)

Robert Parris Moses (January 23, 1935 – July 25, 2021) was an American educator and civil rights activist. He was known for his work as a leader of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee during the Civil Rights Movement. He co-founded the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party. Moses was born in Harlem, New York.

Moses died on July 25, 2021 in Hollywood, Florida at the age of 86.

Ivan Toplak

Ivan Toplak (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Toплaк; 21 September 1931 — 26 July 2021) was a Serbian football player and manager. Toplak played for NK Olimpija Ljubljana and Red Star Belgrade. He also represented the Yugoslavia national team. Toplak was born in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.

Toplak died on 26 July 2021 in Maribor, Slovenia at the age of 89.

Olimpija Ljubljana 

Red Star Belgrade 

Yugoslavia

Hoops &amp; Yoyo

Hoops&Yoyo are greeting card characters from Hallmark Cards. They were created by Mike Adair and Bob Holt on September 11, 2003.

Hallmark released the Hoops & Yoyo "Jingle Jingle Wiggie" CD in December 2005. Hallmark released another Hoops&Yoyo CD called "One Donut a Day!" in July 2007.

In November 2011, Hallmark released a Christmas special called "Hoops&Yoyo Ruin Christmas". In October 2012, Hallmark released a Halloween special called "Hoops&Yoyo Haunted Halloween".

Man of Steel (movie)

Man of Steel is a 2013 superhero movie that is inspired by the DC Comics character Superman. It is directed by Zack Snyder and is the first movie in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). It was written by Snyder, David S. Goyer and Christopher Nolan. It stars Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Michael Shannon, Kevin Costner, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Antje Traue, Ayelet Zurer, Christopher Meloni and Russell Crowe. 

The movie was filmed in Chicago and Vancouver. 

"Man of Steel" was released in theaters on June 14, 2013, in 2D, 3D, and IMAX. The movie had divisive reviews from critics as some people liked the "darker, more realistic" retelling of Superman's origin story while others, who were used to a more joyful Superman, did not. A follow-up movie titled "" was released on March 25, 2016.


Japanese flying squid

The Japanese flying squid, Japanese common squid or Pacific flying squid, scientific name "Todarodes pacificus", is a squid of the family Ommastrephidae. This animal lives in the northern Pacific Ocean, in the area surrounding Japan, along the entire coast of China up to Russia, then spreading across the Bering Strait east towards the southern coast of Alaska and Canada. They tend to cluster around the central region of Vietnam.

Flying squid have been spotted to covering distances as long as 30m above the surface of the water, presumably to avoid predators or save energy as they migrate across vast expanses of ocean, uniquely utilizing jet-propelled aerial locomotion. However, the behavior is not unique to the species, and is quite common in the Oegopsida order.

Firefly squid

The firefly squid ("Watasenia scintillans"), also commonly known as the sparkling enope squid or hotaru-ika in Japan, is a species of squid in the family Enoploteuthidae. It is the sole species in the monotypic genus Watasenia. These tiny squid are found on the shores of Japan in springtime during spawning season, but spend most of their life in deeper waters between 200 and 400 metres (700 and 1,300 feet; 100 and 200 fathoms). They are bioluminescent organisms and emit blue light from photophores, which some scientists have thought could be used for communication, camouflage, or attracting food, but it is still unclear in the scientific community exactly how this species uses their bioluminescence. The firefly squid is a predator and actively hunts its food, which includes copepods, small fish, and other squids. The lifespan of a firefly squid is about one year. At the end of their lives females return close to shore to release their eggs, and then die shortly thereafter. This mass migration of firefly squid to the shore is amazing business for Japanese fishermen, and during spawning season many go out to the bays to collect the dying squid. Many more also visit Japan during spawning season to see the bright blue light created from the firefly squid's bioluminescence light up the bay, making their spawning season not only a fishing opportunity but also a tourist attraction.

State of Franklin

The State of Franklin (also the Free Republic of Franklin or the State of Frankland) was a part of the United States of America that wanted to become a U.S. state. The proposed state was located in what is now the eastern part of Tennessee.

SANSA Flight 32

SANSA Flight 32 was an airplane flight from Juan Santamaría International Airport to Palmar Sur Airport. On January 15, 1990, the CASA C-212 Aviocar (registered TI-SAB) that was doing the flight crashed into a mountain after takeoff. All 20 passengers and 3 crew members on board died.

The incident aircraft, TI-SAB, was an CASA C-212 Aviocar which flew for Sansa Airlines.

The aircraft took off at 8:25 a.m. CST. Air traffic control had the plane fly to 5500 ft (1676 m). After this, air traffic control had the plane fly to 8500 ft (2600 m). While flying at 7200 ft (2200 m), the plane crashed into a mountain, killing all on board. 

After looking into the accident, the reason for the crash was because the pilots did not follow the flight plan agreed to with air traffic control. The plane did not have a GPWS.

They Might Be Giants discography

The following is a comprehensive discography of They Might Be Giants, an American alternative rock band comprising several artists including John Flansburgh, John Linnell, Marty Beller, Dan Miller, and Danny Weinkauf. The band's first release was the November 4, 1986 eponymously titled "They Might Be Giants", but TMBG did not gain commercial success until their March 1990 single "Birdhouse in Your Soul" from the album "Flood". "Birdhouse in Your Soul" reached #3 on the United States Modern Rock Tracks chart and #6 on the UK Singles Chart and remains their highest-charting single in both countries. Over the next two decades, They Might Be Giants released studio albums on a near-biennial fashion and currently have a total of 22 studio albums along with six live albums, eight compilation albums, 21 extended plays and 11 singles.


Avianca Flight 52

Avianca Flight 52 was a scheduled flight from Bogotá to New York City. On January 25, 1990, the Boeing 707 (registered HK-2016) flying the route crashed after running out of fuel, killing 65 passengers and 8 crew members.

The incident aircraft, HK-2016, was as Boeing 707 which flew for Avianca. The aircraft was made in 1967 and bought by Pan Am. Avianca bought the plane from Pan Am in 1977. The aircraft had flew for a total of 61,000 hours and was 22 years old.

On January 25, 1990, the aircraft took off at 13:10 EST. The flight first flew to a stopover airport in Medellín. More fuel was put into the aircraft, totaling of fuel, though other sources say that there was of fuel. 

The flight took off from Medellín at 15:08. It then entered the United States at 17:28. The airplane circled near Norfolk, Virginia from 19:04 to 19:23. The aircraft was then put into a holding pattern at 20:18. 

Air traffic control told Flight 52 that there was an indefinite hold at JFK, and told Flight 52 that they could go to their other airport, which is used in case a plane cannot reach its destination. The pilots denied this, and stated they did not have enough fuel to reach their other airport. At 20:46, the flight was cleared to go to JFK airport. 

At 21:00, JFK airport was experiencing light drizzle with fog. The landing gear was put out at 21:19. The first officer then told the pilot that the plane was below the glideslope, a way to measure the rate a plane is going down while landing. The plane then went above and below the correct glideslope. The plane experienced a wind shear and the pilots made a missed approach.
After taking a left turn, the captain told the first officer to tell air traffic control they were in an emergency. The first officer told control that "we'll try once again[;] we're running out of fuel," to which the controller replied, "okay." The captain then told the first officer again to "advise him we are [in an] emergency" and asked if he did, and the first officer replied, "Yes sir, I already advised him."

At 21:32, the aircraft lost all power in two out of four engines." The pilot told air traffic control that they had "just ah lost two engines[,] and ... we need priority please." The control tower told the pilot that they were clear for approach and the pilot acknowledged, which was the last time Flight 52 sent a message.

The flight crashed at 21:34. The aircraft hit trees and crashed onto a hill in Cove Neck, New York.

Ezekiel

Ezekiel (in Hebrew: יְחֶזְקֵאל) was a prophet in the Old Testament of the Bible (also known as the Hebrew Bible). He is known for having a vision of God along with 4 creatures (supposedly angels).


Rough Draft Korea

Rough Draft Korea Co, Ltd. is an Korean animation production studio based in Seoul, South Korea. The studio was founded in Seoul, South Korea by Park Kyung-sook on April 20, 1992.

Rough Draft Korea have also produced television series, features, specials, commercials and direct-to-video work for companies such as Warner Bros. Animation, Cartoon Network Studios, 20th Television Animation, Nickelodeon Animation Studio, Film Roman and Disney Television Animation.

Rough Draft Korea has produced animation for the following series, features, specials, short films, music videos and commercials.



Cleavage

Cleavage is the low-cut in women's clothing, partially revealing the women's breasts. It is also used with an erotic purpose. 

In 1805, in geology and mineralogy, cleavage meant "tendency (of rocks or gems) to break cleanly along natural fissures." General meaning "action or state of cleaving or being cleft" is from 1867. 

The sense of "cleft between a woman's breasts in low-cut clothing" is first recorded 1946, defined in a "Time" magazine article.

Tōdai-ji

Tōdai-ji () is a temple of the Huayan in Nara, Japan. It was built in the Nara period. It is registered as a World Heritage Site as part of Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara. It is famous for a statue named Daibutsu.

Kōtoku-in

The Kōtoku-in () is a temple of the Jōdo-shū in Kamakura, Kanagawa Prefecture in Japan. It is famous for "Daibutsu".

Terrorism in the United Kingdom

Terrorism in the United Kingdom, according to the Home Office, is a big threat to the nation. There have been a few different causes of terrorism in the UK. in the 20th century, most attacks were caused by the Northern Ireland conflict (the Troubles). In the 21st century, most of the attacks were by Middle Eastern terrorist groups, most of which were linked with Islamism and/or the Arab–Israeli conflict.

Since 1970, it is thought that there have been at least 3,395 terrorist-caused deaths in the UK, the highest number of deaths in Western Europe. Most of the deaths took place in Northern Ireland. In Great Britain, there were about 430 terrorist caused deaths from 1971 until 2001. Since 2001, there have been almost 100 terrorist-related deaths in Great Britain, most of which were caused by the 7 July 2005 London bombings in 2005 and the Manchester Arena bombing in 2017.

Jerónimos Monastery

The Jerónimos Monastery () is a Monastery that is located in Lisbon, Portugal. It is registered as a World Cultural Heritage Site.

Belém Tower

The Belém Tower is a tower that is located in Lisbon, Portugal. It is registered as a World Cultural Heritage Site.

Robert Levin

Robert David Levin (born October 13, 1947) is an American classical pianist, musicologist, and composer.

He studied in Harvard University where he got a bachelor degree in arts in 1968 with a thesis entitled The Unfinished Works of W. A. Mozart.

In addition to music history and theory Levin's academic career also includes teaching performance practice with an emphasis on the Classical period. From 1986 to 1993, he worked as professor of piano at the Hochschule für Musik Freiburg in Germany. Since 1993 he's been a professor at his alma mater, Harvard University.

Levin completed or reconstructed unfinished compositions by Mozart and J.S.Bach.


Byōdō-in

Byōdō-in () is a Buddhist temple that is located in Uji, Kyoto in Japan. It is registered as a World Heritage Site as part of Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto.

Jason Njoku

Jason Chukwuma Njoku (born 11 December 1980) is a British-Nigerian businessman, the co-founder and CEO of iROKOtv.

Njoku holds bachelors degree in chemistry from the University of Manchester. 

Rinki Sethi

Rinki Sethi is the vice president and Chief Information Security Officer at Twitter Inc since September 2020. 

Capella University

Capella University is an American private for-profit, online university. It is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 

Uji

Uji（）is a city in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan.

Kinkaku-ji

Kinkaku-ji () or Rokuon-ji () is a Zen Buddhist temple in Kyoto, Japan. It is registered as a World Heritage Site as part of Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto.

Malcolm Bilson

Malcolm Bilson (born October 24, 1935) is an American pianist and musicologist specialising in 18th- and 19th-century music.

Bilson was born in Los Angeles, California. In 1957 He graduated from Bard College and later studied in Berlin and Paris. Now he is the Frederick J. Whiton Professor of Music at Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y. With years Bilson developed a reputation as a fortepiano performer. In 1974 he founded the "Amadé Trio" that was performing on historical instruments. Being retired since 2006, he remained active in teaching and performing. 

Bilson has published several articles on the topic of interpreting late 18th- and early 19th-century works by Schubert, Mozart and Beethoven in Early Music and Studia Musicologica Academiae Scientiarum Hungaricae.


Chicago-style pizza

Chicago-style pizza, or deep dish pizza, is a pizza baked in a very thick pan. The pizza's thickness gives space for lots of cheese and tomato sauce. It was invented in Chicago.

Kiyomizu-dera

Kiyomizu-dera () is a Buddhist temple in eastern Kyoto, Japan. It is registered as a World Heritage Site as part of Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto.

Ronald Brautigam

Ronald Brautigam (born 1954) is a Dutch classical pianist. Brautigam is known for his performances of Beethoven's piano works on the fortepiano.

In 1984 he received the Nederlandse Muziekprijs, and in 2015 his Beethoven recordings got the Edison Award and also the annual German Record Critics' Prize. He currently lives in Amsterdam, Netherlands, with his wife. He has been a professor at the University of Music of the Basel Music Academy since 2011.


Nexus 4

Nexus 4 is an Android smartphone produced by Google and LG Electronics.

Alexei Lubimov

Alexei Lubimov (born 1944 as Алексе́й Бори́сович Люби́мов, Alexey Borisovich Lyubimov) is a Russian pianist.

He performs on such historical instruments as fortepiano and harpsichord. Lubimov studied at the Moscow Conservatory. In the past he gave concerts with the London Philharmonic, City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra, Russian National Orchestra in Moscow, and the Tonkünstlerorchester.

Lubimov made several recordings using original historical fortepianos as well as replicas. Among others these recordings include works of Mozart, Beethoven, Chopin and Debussy.


Nexus 5

Nexus 5 is an Android smartphone sold by Google and produced by LG Electronics.

Fugazza

Fugazza con queso, or just Fugazza, is a type of Argentine pizza with a thick crust topped with onions, cheese, and sometimes olives. It's a combination of Naples-style pizza with focaccia bread. It was created in Buenos Aires.

Kristian Bezuidenhout

Kristian Bezuidenhout (born in 1979 in South Africa) is an Australian classical pianist currently living in London.

He was born in King William's Town in Eastern South Africa and moved with his family to Australia in 1988. Bezuidenhout started his musical studies in Australia and completed them at the Eastman School of Music in New York. Being interested in historical performance, he started studying fortepiano with an American professor and a pianist Malcolm Bilson. Bezuidenhout won the first prize in the Bruges Fortepiano Competition being just 21 years old. 

During his career Bezuidenhout has already collaborated with the Freiburg Baroque Orchestra, Concerto Köln, the Collegium Vocale Gent and Les Arts Florissants. He also worked together with such conductors as Trevor Pinnock and John Eliot Gardiner. His wide list of recordings include works of Schumann, Mozart, Haydn and other classical composers.


Girl with a Pearl Earring

The Girl with a Pearl Earring () is an oil painting by Dutch Golden Age painter Johannes Vermeer, dated 1665. It shows a girl wearing a turban and a pearl earing.

Andy Rubin

Andrew Rubin is an American computer programmer, engineer, entrepreneur. He is the founder and former CEO of venture capital firm Playground Global.

COVID-19 pandemic in Mauritius

The COVID-19 pandemic in Mauritius is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ().

On 18 March 2020, the Prime Minister Pravind Jugnauth confirmed that there were three cases of COVID-19 in Mauritius.

COVID-19 pandemic in the Comoros

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached the Comoros on 30 April 2020. On 4 May, the first death was announced.

Nexus 10

Nexus 10 is a tablet computer produced by Google and Samsung Electronics. It uses the Android operating system.

Pengsiba

Pengsiba () or Pengshiba () was a ruler of ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak). He was a successor of Khui Ningomba and the predecessor of Kaokhangba. In the 4th century AD, during the reign of his era, Manipuri traders reached out on horseback to upper Burma and China. He is one of the nine kings who are associated with the design of a historic flag.


LineageOS

LineageOS is a free and open-source software operating system for smartphones, tablets and computers.

Burk, Bavaria

Burk is a municipality in Ansbach, a district "(Landkreis)" in Middle Franconia.

Rojales

Rojales is a municipality of 16,671 people (2020). It is in the province of Alicante in the Valencian Community in Spain.

Duluth International Airport

Duluth International Airport is an airport owned by the city of Duluth, Minnesota. The airport is used for military and commercial reasons. It is the third busiest airport in Minnesota. 

Northwest Airlines began using the airport in 1940. In 1942, the airport stopped doing flights because of World War II.

American Airlines began using the airport in 2019 for flights to O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. However, American Airlines stopped flights into Duluth International in April 2020, saying the airport had little demand. 

These airlines fly to and from Duluth International;


Cessnock, New South Wales

Cessnock is a town in New South Wales, Australia. It is about west of Newcastle. In 2016, about 21,725 people lived in Cessnock.

Boana palaestes

Boana palaestes is a frog that lives in Peru. Scientists save seen it in two places on the east side of the Andes Mountains.

Amphibian Species of the World

Amphibian Species of the World 6.1: An Online Reference (ASW) is a database of amphibian science. It lists the names of frogs, salamanders and other amphibians, which scientists discovered each species, and what year. It also says where the amphibians live.

The American Museum of Natural History hosts "Amphibian Species of the World".

The Association of Systematics Collections (ASC) started this project in 1978 because the Convention on Trade In Endangered Species of Fauna and Flora (CITES) needed a database for animals. (The ASC later changed its name to Natural Science Collections Alliance.) The ASC's Stephen R. Edwards wrote "Mammal Species of the World" first and started "Amphibian Species of the World" second. Edwards decided to write about living amphibians because Richard G. Zweifel had just written a large list of amphibian names and because experts from the University of Kansas were there to help. Darrel Frost came to help Edwards. Frost planned to write "Turtle and Crocodilian Species of the World" next, but he decided to finish his Ph.D. instead.

In 1985, the ASC gave the copyright for "Amphibian Species of the World" to the Herpetologists' League, and they added more amphibians to it. The League and American Museum of Natural History put D.R. Frost in charge of the project. At the time, Frost was a curator at the American Museum of Natural History. Frost added more information for professional amphibian scientists to use. He corrected bad information. He added more species that had been discovered after 1985.

According to Amphibians.org, "For three decades ASW has been the primary reference for amphibian taxonomy." In 2013, Frost won the Sabin Award for his work on "Amphibian Species of the World".



Australian brushturkey

The Australian brushturkey ("Alectura lathami") is a type of bird. It is one of the megapodes.

Tino Fariña

Tino Fariña (Güímar, 1951 – Güímar, June 19, 1994) was a Spanish surrealist painter.

Tino Fariña was a self-taught painter. After finishing his pre-university studies, he moved to Madrid, where he lived for two years and attended the Escuela de Artes Aplicadas y Oficios Artísticos. In 1973 he went to London, where he worked and developed as an artist. Before returning to the Canary Islands, he worked for two years as a painter in Palma de Mallorca. In 1980 he returned to the island of Tenerife and began studying to become a teacher at the ULL.

In 1990 he exhibited for the first time his work entitled "La fijación del olvido", at the IX Festival Internacional de Cine Ecológico y de Naturaleza de Canarias (I Premio de Pintura Luis de la Cruz y Ríos), in Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife.

The collective exhibition "De todo corazón", held in Santa Cruz de Tenerife in 1994, was the last time the artist's work was exhibited to the public.

Tino Fariña died on June 19, 1994, at the age of 43, in Güímar, his hometown.

in 2008 the Mayor's Office of the Municipality of Güímar called for a competition and named a public space dedicated to the artist: Calle Pintor Tino Fariña.

The street Pintor Tino Fariña is located in 38508 Puertito de Güímar, Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain. It is located between Avenida Olof Palme and Avenida Ingeniero Manuel Gonzales. It borders with Calle Pintora Isabel Pérez, Calle Lepanto and Calle Hernán Cortés. Nearby is the Virgen del Carmen bakery, parking for the disabled, Spar Puertito Güímar and Club de Padel las Palmeras.




List of national dishes

A National cuisine is a cuisine or a dish that is chosen by a country as a symbol or a delicacy for that country.

Mariano Comense

Mariano Comense is an Italian city in Lombardy. It has about 23,600 inhabitants.

Blevio

Blevio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Cucciago

Cucciago is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Torno, Lombardy

Torno is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Tavernerio

Tavernerio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Lipomo

Lipomo is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Luisago

Luisago is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Fino Mornasco

Fino Mornasco is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Fino Mornasco is considered the third best

"comune" in all of the Province.

Grandate

Grandate is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Senna Comasco

Senna Comasco is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Splitgate

Splitgate is a free to play video game for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5 and PC. Splitgate's gameplay is built around the ideas of arena shooters like Halo, with added portal mechanincs, similar to those added by Portal. Developed by a small game studio, 1047 Games it first saw a huge success when it became cross-platform across PC and console in July 2021, after 2 years of open beta.

List of national drinks

A National drink is a distinct beverage that is strongly associated with a particular country, and can be part of their national identity and self-image.

Maslianico

Maslianico is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Moltrasio

Moltrasio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Schignano

Schignano is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Capiago Intimiano

Capiago Intimiano is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Montorfano

Montorfano is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

San Fermo della Battaglia

San Fermo della Battaglia is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. On 1 January 2017, Cavallasca was merged to form the municipality of San Fermo della Battaglia.

Edgware Road tube station (Circle, District and Hammersmith &amp; City lines)

Edgware Road is a London Underground station. It is on the Circle, District and Hammersmith & City lines. The station is by the edge of Chapel Street and Cabbell Street.

There have been suggestions in the past to make a new name for one of the Edgware Road stations to stop there being confusion.

This station was part of the world's first below ground railway when it was started as part of the Metropolitan Railway between and . It was opened on 10 January 1863.

The station was where one of the bombings in 7 July 2005 London bombings happened. Mohammad Sidique Khan exploded a bomb at about 8:50am, on a train that was leaving the station. 6 people died in the bombing.

Cavallasca

Cavallasca was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. On 1 January 2017, it was merged to form the municipality of San Fermo della Battaglia.

Montano Lucino

Montano Lucino is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Villa Guardia

Villa Guardia is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Lurate Caccivio

Lurate Caccivio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Arosio, Lombardy

Arosio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Arosio

Arosio is the name of two places in Europe:

