December 2001 riots in Argentina

The 2001 crisis in Argentina is sometimes known as the Argentinazo. () It was a political, economic, social, and institutional crisis. It was fueled by a revolt under the slogan "All of them must go!" (). This led to the resignation of the president of Argentina, Fernando de la Rúa, giving rise to a period of political instability during which five officials exercised the National Executive Power in a few months.

This happened within a larger crisis that lasted between 1998 and 2002. It was caused by a long recession that made a humanitarian, social, economic, financial and political crisis. During the crisis, 39 people were killed by state and private security agents.

The trigger for the crisis was the imposition of the "Corralito" on December 2, 2001. It was a government provision that restricted the withdrawal of cash from banks. This was designed by the then Minister of Economy Domingo Cavallo. This had a major impact on the lower class, mostly unbanked, and the middle class, which was strongly restricted in their economic movements.

On December 13, the workers' unions declared a general strike, and violent outbreaks began to take place in some cities in the country and in Greater Buenos Aires. They were mainly looting by unemployed and indigent sectors of the population, theft of trucks in the routes, common robberies and street cuts in the cities.

The revolt led to a social outburst on the night of December 19, 2001, soon after Fernando de la Rúa announced the establishment of a state of siege. Many people took to the streets throughout the country to express their discontent with the government and political representatives. This lasted all night and the next day, when the order was given to repress the demonstrators, 39 of whom were killed. Most of the people win the protests were self-convened and did not respond to any political party, union or structured social organization. 

On December 20 at 7:37 p.m., the president resigned and left the Casa Rosada by helicopter.

During the following twelve days there was a high level instability that also led to the resignation of successor president Adolfo Rodríguez Saa. 

The social and economic instability, as well as the ignorance of the legitimacy of political representatives, extended in the following years.

Javanesic languages

Javanesic is a language family belonging to the Javanic of Sundic. 
The Javanese language is the main Javanesic language, it spoken mostly on the island of Java with numerous dialects and registers.

Duan Albanach

"Duan Albanach" is a Middle Gaelic poem written in the reign of Malcolm III.

Dúnchad Bec

Dúnchad Bec was a man who ruled the peninsula of Kintyre, and rebelled against the king of Dál Riata, Selbach, in 719. He died in 721.

Eochaid mac Echdach

Eochaid mac Echdach was a king of Dál Riata from 726 to 733. He was the great-great-grandson of Eochaid Buide and the chief of the Cenél nGabráin, the descendants of Gabhrán mac Domangairt, who ruled Dál Riata in the 6th century. Eochaid presumably deposed Dúngal mac Selbaig, the previous king, and fought Dúngal's angry father in 727, emerging with success. Eochaid died in 733 and was succeeded by Muiredach, the cousin of Dúngal.

In the mountain (Filippini)

In the mountain (also known as In Montagna) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1890, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Pinacoteca Nazionale di Bologna.

The work is similar to Filippini's painting "The Chestnut Harvest". Filippini in the theme of work, always represents the same agricultural work, the harvesting of chestnuts, wood, corn pickers, the grazing of the flock, the picking of hemp. These are among Filippini's most interesting works, especially when the workers are women and the folkloric clothes she wears are evident. Only the industrial processing of the Maglio is an exception.




Loonatics Unleashed

Loonatics Unleashed is an American superhero animated television series produced by Warner Bros. Animation that ran on Kids' WB for two seasons from 2005 to 2007 in the United States.

2001 Massacre of Plaza de Mayo

The 2001 Massacre of Plaza de Mayo was a massacre in the Plaza de Mayo in Buenos Aires and its surroundings. It occurred on December 20, 2001.

Five people (Carlos Almirón, Gustavo Ariel Benedetto, Diego Lamagna, Alberto Márquez and Gastón Marcelo Riva) were killed there, four others were attempted to be murdered (Marcelo Dorado, Martín Galli, Sergio Rubén Sanchéz and Paula Simonetti). Others were injured. 

The events occurred under the presidency of Fernando de la Rúa during the December 2001 crisis in Argentina, during which 39 people were killed, including seven children between the ages of thirteen and eighteen.

The journalist Alberto Amato of the newsroom of the newspaper Clarín, a month after the massacre, referred to it with these words:

“The massacre of the Plaza de Mayo... bloodied the city with a violence and unreason that recognizes as the only precedent the terrible bombardment by naval aviation in June 1955, three months before the overthrow of Juan Perón... Among other responses that the judicial investigation include those that try to know if there was a moment, and therefore an order, that the repression of the protesters was carried out with bullets. And who gave that order. Who were the civilians who shot at the protesters protected by uniformed police?  Who owns the cars from which people were shot at close range and that a police chief defined with a euphemism that would be nice if it did not contain a tragedy: "civilian cars for police use..."? How was it that, if the decision of the then government was to prevent a hypothetical "takeover" of the Government House, the dead fell several blocks from the seat of power? Did some kind of “death squad” act on December 20? If Justice manages to answer these and other questions, it will elucidate another that is only tacitly formulated: what is the political will to investigate a massacre almost without precedent in the already violent contemporary history of Argentina.” 

There were 17 people indicted:

During the trial, more than 200 witnesses testified. In October 2015 the evidence stage was closed and the allegations began in November. May 22, 2016 the court issued the ruling:


Xabier Lezama

Xabier Lezama Perier (20 June 1967) was a Basque-Spanish artist. He was born in Bilbao, Biscay.

Creator who is part of the generation of contemporary Basque sculptors considered one of the main renovators of Basque sculpture in the second half of the 20th century. 

Around 1990, with his employment in the forge, he began working with iron, his concern for Basque art and culture increasing. In 2005 he opens a stage of experimentation and adopts surreal rhythms. The scale in Totemism had been approached at the end of the 1980s with his plastic experience, opening a new experience in his ethnic-cultural plastic inquiry.


The Flintstones: On the Rocks

The Flinstones On The Rocks is an American animated made-for-television comedy movie which aired on Cartoon Network from November 3, 2001. It was directed by Genndy Tartakovsky and David P. Smith and written by Dane Boedigheimer the also Annoying Orange


Alfie (1966 movie)

Alfie is a 1966 British comedy-drama movie directed by Lewis Gilbert and was based on the 1963 play of the same name by Bill Naughton. It stars Michael Caine, Shelley Winters, Millicent Martin, Jane Asher, Vivien Merchant, Julia Foster, Shirley Ann Field, Eleanor Bron and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1967 and was remade in 2004.

WWE 2K22

WWE 2K22 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on May 28, 2021.

Abismo de pasión

Abismo de pasión (by its English title: Abyss of Passion) is a Mexican telenovela for Televisa produced by Angelli Nesma Medina and written by Claridad Bravo Adams, it is a remake of the 1998 telenovela "Cañaveral de Pasiones".

It stars Sabine Moussier, Angelique Boyer, David Zepeda, Mark Tacher, René Casados, Eugenia Cauduro, Alejandro Camacho and Eric del Castillo as the protagonists, and Blanca Guerra, Salvador Zerboni and Altaír Jarabo as antagonists.

In the town of La Ermita, Yucatán, live two families with powerful chili processors in the region, the Arangos and the Castañons, of which Elisa Castañon is the daughter of Augusto and Estefanía Castañon, who has a friendship with Damían Arango, son of Rosendo and Alfonsina Arango. whose friendship was deteriorating due to the enmity of these two families, Gael is a child who is cared for by the priest Guadalupe "Lupe" and who is a friend of Paloma, Ramona's niece (the village healer), while Estefanía's sister, Carmina Bouvier had a secret relationship with Rosendo and they planned to go live in New York City, even though Estefanía discovers it and prevents Carmina from doing so and then goes to meet with Rosendo to speak and while driving in a storm, they suffer a fatal accident after having crossed Ramona's cart which saw everything in front of her eyes, this is done in an echo by the town when they know that the two of them were going to leave La Ermita together Despite this, Elisa and Damían continue to go out as friends, but both Augusto and Alfonsina prevent them from doing so, and in the end Alfonsina decides that Damían should go live in Italy for a few years while Augusto and Carmina end up getting married and which makes himliving Hell to Elisa blaming her for Estefania's death.

Years go by and in the end Damian returns from Italy and meets Elisa again and many things change in La Ermita, since the fall of the Castañon processor, even though over time Elisa and Damian begin to love each other. but both Alfonsina and Augusto try to stop them, Gael and Paloma begin to become a couple, while Damian and Elisa love each other, Florencia Landucci arrives, a friend of Damian's from Italy arrives to marry him while the relationship between Augusto and Carmina He begins to go bankrupt and after having murdered him, he decides to fall in love with Gavino, the former administrator of the Arango processing plant, even though he has murdered him, while Damian and Florencia leave their relationship and their wedding is canceled and he decides to stay with Elisa, whom he wants to marry with Gael, this brings an enmity between the two and Father Guadalupe reveals that they are brothers of the same blood as Rosendo, who had a relationship with Ingrid Navarro and who left Gael at the entrance of the Church, then Gavino and Carmina want to escape but is prevented by Ramona who causes an accident and they are captured by the police, Gavino ends up in jail and Carmina commits suicide, after this and despite what happened, Elisa and Damian and Gael and Paloma fall in love and end up getting married.




Georgy Girl

Georgy Girl is a 1966 British romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Silvio Narizzano and was based on the 1965 novel of the same name by Margaret Foster. It stars Lynn Redgrave, James Mason, Alan Bates, Charlotte Rampling, Bill Owen, Clare Kelly, Rachel Kempson, Denise Coffey, Dandy Nichols and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1967.


Plymouth, California

Plymouth is a city in Amador County, California, United States.

Sutter Creek, California

Sutter Creek is a city in Amador County, California, United States.

Orinda, California

Orinda is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

Pinole, California

Pinole is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

Pittsburg, California

Pittsburg is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

Pleasant Hill, California

Pleasant Hill is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States.

South Lake Tahoe, California

South Lake Tahoe is a city in El Dorado County, California, United States.

Firebaugh, California

Firebaugh is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

Corralito

In Argentina, the restriction of withdrawing cash from banks to $250 USD per week (at that time 1 USD = 1 ARS) was called a Corralito. The measure was imposed by the government of Fernando de la Rúa on December 1, 2001, in the face of a bank run. Subsequently, and due to the popularity that the term acquired, it began to be used in all Spanish-speaking countries to refer to the immobilization of deposits carried out by the government of any country.
The objective pursued with these restrictions was to prevent money from leaving the banking system, thus trying to avoid a wave of banking panic and the collapse of the system. According to Domingo Cavallo, in charge of the Ministry of Economy, when he announced the measure, he clarified that it did not prevent the use of electronic means of payment or bank transfers. The idea was that it be a temporary measure for 90 days while the debt was renegotiated.

The word corralito, shortened to the word corral, is used in Argentina to call what in other countries is known as a baby park. In 2001 the economic journalist Antonio Laje, in his economic column of the program After Hours by Daniel Hadad, used the term to refer to the government measure. The journalist sought to highlight through an analogy the way in which the Government restricted one of the essential freedoms of the users of any banking system: that of being able to withdraw their funds at any moment.

Fowler, California

Fowler is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

Huron, California

Huron is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

Mendota, California

Mendota is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

Parlier, California

Parlier is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

San Joaquin, California

San Joaquin is a city in Fresno County, California, United States.

Blue Lake, California

Blue Lake is a city in Humboldt County, California, United States.

Fortuna, California

Fortuna is a city in Humboldt County, California, United States.

Rio Dell, California

Rio Dell is a city in Humboldt County, California, United States.

Trinidad, California

Trinidad is a city in Humboldt County, California, United States.

Born Free

Born Free is a 1966 British American family adventure drama movie directed by James Hill and was based on the 1960 novel of the same name by Joy Adamson. It stars Virginia McKenna, Bill Travers, Geoffrey Keen, Peter Lukoye and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It won 2 Academy Awards in 1967. It spawned spin-offs and sequels.


Frédéric Macler

Frédéric Macler (26 May 1869 – 12 July 1938) was a French linguist, orientalist and translator.

A native of , Macler learned , , and Hebrew from . In 1911, he succeeded , as he took a chair in Armenian at the Institut national des langues et civilisations orientales, which he held until 1937. In 1919, he co-founded the Society for Armenian Studies. In 1920, he founded the "", which he directed until 1933, with Antoine Meillet.

Haunted Honeymoon

Haunted Honeymoon is a 1986 American British horror comedy movie directed by Gene Wilder (who also stars) and also starring Gilda Radner, Dom DeLuise, Jonathan Pryce, Ann Way, Eve Ferret, Bryan Pringle, Matt Zimmerman, Roger Ashton-Griffiths. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was a box office failure.


Viva Las Vegas

Viva Las Vegas is a 1964 American musical film. It was directed by George Sidney and starring Elvis Presley and Ann-Margret.

Martin Guzmán

Martín Maximiliano Guzmán (Born October 12, 1982) is an Argentine economist and civil servant. He was Minister of Economy of Argentina from December 10, 2019 to July 2, 2022.

On December 10, 2019, he was appointed as Minister of Economy of Argentina by President Alberto Fernández. His first measures were the renegotiation of the country's foreign debt and the Law of Solidarity and Productive Reactivation that created the PAÍS tax. and set a new withholding scheme. A 30% tax was set for transactions with credit cards outside the country and for the acquisition of foreign currency for savings, the rates that were in force in 2015 in the tax on personal assets were reintroduced and holdings of financial assets were taxed in the Exterior.


Ministry of Economy (Argentina)

The Ministry of Economy () of Argentina is the ministry dependent on the National Executive Power in charge of assisting the President and the Chief of Staff with everything inherent to the economy.

The current minister responsible is Sergio Massa, who has served since August 2022 in the cabinet of Alberto Fernández.

According to Law 22,520, the powers of the Ministry of Economy include "assisting the President of the Nation and the Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers (...) in everything inherent to economic, budgetary and tax policy, the administration of public finances, economic, financial and fiscal relations with the Provinces and the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires and the preparation, proposal and execution of the national policy on energy…”


How We Roll

How We Roll is an American sitcom that premiered on CBS on March 31, 2022. The series is inspired by the life of professional bowler Tom Smallwood.

Ajith Kumar

Ajith Kumar (born 1 May 1970) is an Indian actor. He works in Tamil cinema. He has starred in over 60 films in Tamil His awards Include four Vijay Awards, three Cinema Express Awards, three Filmfare Awards South and three Tamil Nadu State Film awards. in addition to his acting, Kumar is also a motor car racer and participated in the MRF Racing series (2010).

Sesame Street's 50th Anniversary Celebration

Sesame Street's 50th Anniversary Celebration is a 2019 musical television special to celebrate the 50th anniversary of "Sesame Street".

Walid Ghauri

Walid Ghauri was born on 12 May 1993 in Oslo. He is a Norway cricketer who plays Twenty20 Internationals for Norway.

Up Close &amp; Personal

Up Close & Personal is a 1996 American romantic drama movie directed by Jon Avnet and starring Robert Redford, Michelle Pfeiffer, Stockard Channing, Joe Mantegna, Kate Nelligan, Glenn Plummer, Scott Bryce, Dedee Pfieffer. It was based on the 1988 novel "Golden Girl: The Story of Jessica Savitch" by Alanna Nash. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1997.


Basketball at the 1930 Women's World Games

Basketball at the 1930 Women's World Games was the first appearance of the sport at the Women's World Games. The winner was regarded as the 1930 World Champion.

Seven nations nations entered the continental tournaments, five nations in the Europe Zone and two nations in the Americas zone. The winner of the 1930 European Women's Basketball Championship and America zone tournament played against each other in the final at the Women's Word Games in Prague on 8 September 1930.

Canada won the final, with France finishing second.


The Canadian team beat France 18–14.

According to Polish media the basketball final made an excellent impression. Both teams were described to play very well tactically and technically. France was technically weaker than the Canadians. The shot accuracy of the Canadians was said to have a great precision. The Canadians were described to have played with: speed, harmony and accuracy. France was described to have played with ambition and devotion.

Furiosa (movie)

Furiosa is an upcoming Australian post-apocalyptic action adventure movie. It is directed and co-written by George Miller. The movie stars Anya Taylor-Joy as the main character Furiosa. It serves as both a spin-off and a prequel to 2015's "". It will be the fifth movie in the "Mad Max" franchise. It is said to be focusing on the origins of Furiosa.

Chris Hemsworth and Tom Burke will co-star.


Gross margin

Gross margin is the difference between revenue and cost of goods sold. In other words, it's a measure of how much profit a company makes from each sale. The higher the gross margin, the more profitable the company.

To calculate gross margin, simply take your total revenue and subtract your total costs. This will give you your gross profit.

From there, divide your gross profit by your total revenue to get your gross margin percentage.

1930 European Women's Basketball Championship

The 1930 European Women's Basketball Championship was held from April - 13 July 1930. Five national teams took part in the competition: Czechoslovakia, France, Poland, Italy and Sweden. Matches of the first round were held in Poland (Krakow) and France (Nice) with the semi-final and final being held in Strasbourg. The winner of the championships qualified to play the 1930 Women's World Games final in Prague on 8 September 1930.

Substitues

Substitute (?)
coach: lieutenant Woskowicz
Ahead of the first Match, Poland was on a training camp from 22 to 29 June 1930 in Krakow. This training camp included also basket players not listed above: H. Grotowska and Tabenska.
France won the final of Poland. The French team became European champion and was qualified to compete at the 1930 Women's World Games final.

István Dobi

Istvan Dobi (December 31 1898-November 24 1968) was the president of Hungary from 1948-1967 , he served a very long term. 

Dobi was born from a poor family, he was born in SZONY. In his childhood, he worked as a day labourer. In 1916 came into contact with the agricultural workers' movement. After having fought in the First World War, he supported the Hungarian Soviet Republic. During the Hungarian–Romanian War of 1919 he was captured by the Romanians.

Upon his release, he worked as a casual laborer and became active in the agricultural workers' union as well as in the Social Democratic Party of Hungary from the early 1920s. For this, he was put under police surveillance. In 1936 he switched to the Independent Smallholders' Party and became a functionary in the Kisalföld Chamber of Agriculture. Although he was not a member of the Communist Party, he was arrested several times during the regency of Miklós Horthy.

Dobi was appointed prime minister in 1948. He was the leader of the smallholders party , he gave up his job in 1952 to become general-secretary 

Due in part to his strong support of the Communists, he replaced fellow Smallholder Lajos Dinnyés as prime minister in December 1948, helping preside over the final stage of the Communists' complete takeover of the country. In short order, Dobi pushed out those elements of his party who were unwilling to do the Communists' bidding, leaving the party in the hands of fellow travelers like himself. This process was repeated with the other non-Communist parties as well.

Thus, by the time of the 1949 elections, Hungary was effectively a one-party state. The 1949 elections formalized this status, with voters only having the option of approving or rejecting a Communist-dominated list. One of the first acts of the newly elected National Assembly was to approve a Soviet-style constitution, formally marking the onset of out-and-out Communist rule in Hungary. The Smallholders' Party was effectively disbanded.

He was ceremonial president , he gave up his post as prime minister in 1952 cause MATYAS RAKOSI wanted that post for himself as general-secretary.

He was awarded the Lenin Peace Prize in 1962 , he died in Budapest in 1968.

Always Together

Always Together is a 1947 American comedy movie directed by Fred de Cordova and starring Robert Hutton, Joyce Reynolds, Cecil Kellaway, Ernest Truex. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


The Assassination Bureau

The Assassination Bureau is a 1969 British black comedy adventure movie directed by Basil Dearden and was based on the 1963 unfinished novel by Jack London. It stars Oliver Reed, Diana Rigg, Telly Savalas, Carl Jürgens, Philippe Noiret, Warren Mitchell, Beryl Reid, Clive Revill, Kenneth Griffith, Jess Conrad and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Tarzan and the Jungle Boy

Tarzan and the Jungle Boy is a 1968 American adventure movie directed by Robert Gordon and starring Mike Henry, Rafer Johnson, Aliza Gur, Steve Bond, Ron Gans. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Roaring Road

The Roaring Road is a 1919 American action romance movie directed by James Cruze and was based on short stories by Byron Morgan. It stars Wallace Reid, Ann Little, Theodore Roberts, Guy Oliver, Clarence Geldart and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was followed up by "Excuse My Dust" in 1920.


Eureka! (2022 TV series)

Eureka! is an American-Irish computer-animated television series. It was created by Norton Virgien and Niamh Sharkey, produced by Brown Bag Films. The show premiered on Disney Junior on June 22, 2022.

Set in the Stone Age within the location of Rocky Falls, the series follows the eponymous girl Eureka who enjoys going on adventures and building gadgets.




Cayenne slender-legged tree frog

The Cayenne slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus leprieurii") is a frog. It lives Guyana, French Guiana, Suriname, Venezuela, Colombia, Brazil, and Bolivia.

Ratris Khel Chale 2

Ratris Khel Chale 2 (transl. The Game Runs At Night 2) is a Marathi supernatural thriller drama series.


It was started from 14 January 2019.

Sleeping Sun

Sleeping Sun is a power ballad and one of four singles by the Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish, it was one of two maxi singles released on August 2, 1999, coinciding with the eclipse of August 11, 1999.

The original version was starred and sung by Tarja Turunen, and belongs to the Oceanborn album of 1998, in 2005 a re-recorded version would be made now with the starring of Anette Olzon, in Finland it was certified with a gold disc and more than 5,000 copies sold and in Germany 15,000 copies were sold.


You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart

"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" is a song by the British pop duo (group of two singers) Eurythmics. It was written by Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart. It is on the duo's sixth album, "Savage" (1987). It was the fourth and last single from the album in the United Kingdom and the second single in the United States.

Michael McDonald (comedian)

Michael James McDonald (born December 31, 1964) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, director, and writer. He is best known for starring in the sketch comedy show "MADtv" and for voicing numerous characters on "The Simpsons" from 1998 to 2010. McDonald joined the show during the fourth season (1998) and remained in the cast until the end of the thirteenth and penultimate season, having become the longest-tenured cast member.

McDonald also directed several episodes of the comedy-drama series "Scrubs", on which he guest-starred six times.

McDonald currently divides his time between writing, directing, and acting on various film and television projects, as well as performing live on stage across the country.

Currently, McDonald is working on Nickelodeon's "The Loud House" as one of Clyde's fathers.

He recently appeared in the 2021 film "Halloween Kills" as the character Little John, the romantic partner of Big John. The couple live in the house once occupied by the Myers family and tell stories of the young Michael Myers and the house to scare trick or treaters on Halloween night.

You Can Do Magic (song)

"You Can Do Magic" is a song by Russ Ballard. It is from 1982. It was recorded by the folk rock band America. It was on their album View from the Ground.

Xavier Doherty

Xavier John Doherty was born 22 November 1982. He used to be an Australian cricketer. He is a left-handed batsman and a slow left arm orthodox bowler. After he did well playing for Tasmania, Doherty started playing One Day International for Australia in a game against Sri Lanka at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in November 2010. Later that same month, he played Test against England at the Gabba. He did not play in 2011 because he hurt his back.

White Shadow (movie)

White Shadow is a 2013 drama movie. It was written, made, and directed by Noaz Deshe. The people working on the movie were in Germany, Italy and Tanzania. The movie was first shown during Critics’ Week at the 70th Venice International Film Festival on September 2, 2013. It won a prize called the Lion of the Future Award at that festival. It is about an albino.


Whisky (movie)

Whisky is a Uruguayan movie that is both funny and sad (tragicomic). It was directed by Juan Pablo Rebella and Pablo Stoll. It was released in 2004. The movie stars Andrés Pazos, Mirella Pascual, Jorge Bolani, Ana Katz, and Daniel Hendler. The actors do not talk much or show much feeling. It was first shown at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Un Certain Regard and FIPRESCI Awards.It was Juan Pablo Rebella's last movie before he died in 2006.


Mickey Mouse Mixed-Up Adventures

Mickey Mouse Mixed-Up Adventures is an American animated series.

What You Get Is What You See

"What You Get Is What You See" is a song by the singer Tina Turner. It was on her album Break Every Rule (1986). The record had three versions of the song on it: the Extended Dance Mix, the Extended Rock Mix and a live version from London. A different live version of the song was the first song on Turner's 1988 album Tina Live in Europe. She also put it on her 2009 live album Tina Live. That version was recorded during Turner's very popular . Lots of people in Australia liked the song.

Aisha Buhari

Aisha Halilu Buhari (born February 17, 1971 in Adamawa State) is the current first lady of Nigeria as the wife of President Muhammadu Buhari. Her grandfather Alhaji Muhammadu Ribadu was once Nigeria's first minister of defence. Her father was a civil engineer, Her mother is a daughter of the Ankali tribe,' well known farmers'. Aisha is the First Lady of Nigeria and the wife of the present President Muhammadu Buhari who took over office on the 29th of May after winning the former President Goodluck Jonathan.

Silvina Batakis

Silvina Aída Batakis (Born, December 27, 1968) is an Argentine economist and Former Minister of Economy of Argentina appointed by Alberto Fernández after the resignation of Martin Guzmán. She is the second woman to occupy the position of Minister of Economy in the history of the country after Felisa Miceli in 2005. She currently serves as president of the Banco de la Nación Argentina, since August 5, 2022.

On July 3, 2022, she was appointed Minister of Economy by Alberto Fernández, due to the resignation of Martin Guzmán.
Batakis is nicknamed "La Griega" ("the Greek"). Sports-wise, she is a supporter of Boca Juniors. She has a son.

National Executive Power

The National Executive Power (PEN) () of Argentina is the executive body of the central State of this country. It is a single-person, pyramidal body headed by the President of Argentina, an official who must be elected every four years by direct, secret, universal and compulsory suffrage, in a double round, along with the vice-presidential candidate.
In Argentina, the Presidency of the Nation is made up of the President of the Nation and the closest organizations and personnel.

Among the latter, the General Secretariat of the Presidency, the Legal and Technical Secretariat, the Federal Intelligence Agency, the Secretariat for Strategic Affairs and the Secretariat for Comprehensive Drug Policies (SEDRONAR) stand out for their political importance.

The Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers is a ministerial position of the Argentine Republic, held by a chief of staff. It corresponds to an official of the National Constitution and arises as a consequence of the constitutional reform of 1994. Its role, attributions and obligations are detailed in articles 100 and 101 of the National Constitution, deepened in art. Currently, the Chief of Staff is Juan Manzur.

Winter Storage

Winter Storage is a 1949 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.

The Chenab Times

The Chenab Times is a digital news and activist organisation in India founded in July 2017. It is known for publishing news in endangered languages including Sarazi and Bhaderwahi languages. Its founder and editor–in–chief is Anzer Ayoob.

"The Chenab Times" derives its name from the Chenab river, which flows through the Chenab valley, which includes the districts of Doda, Kishtwar, and Ramban.

It began in July 2017 and initially focused on topics relating to development, infrastructure, and healthcare, particularly in the Chenab Valley. The website now features current news from around the world, with a particular emphasis on video reports from Jammu and Kashmir.

On 21 January 2021, "The Chenab Times" started daily short news round-up in various local languages of Chenab Valley, which includes Sarazi and Bhaderwahi with additional support of Urdu language.

In 2022, "The Chenab Times" was nominated for the "Best News Portal Award" by the Pahari Core Committee, an amalgamation of fifteen literary groups in Jammu and Kashmir, for promoting the local Pahari languages.

The Equalizer

The Equalizer could mean:


What Is Love? (Howard Jones song)

"What Is Love?" is a song by the musician Howard Jones. It came out in in 1983. It was on the album Human's Lib. It got up to no. 2 on the UK Singles Chart, and it is the singer's highest chart placing so far. In the US, it ended up at no. 33 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Emmanuel Mormoris

Emmanuel Mormoris, or Manolis Mormoris (), was a 16th-century Greek military leader from Crete and politician in the Republic of Venice. He led the Greek revolt of 1567–1572 in the region of Epirus controlled by the Ottoman Empire during the Ottoman-Venetian War of 1570-1573.

Emmanuel Mormoris and his family, the Mormori or Murmuri, were Greeks from Nafplio in southern Greece.

The family is first mentioned in the 15th century when a rich landord in Nafplio named Emmanuel Mormori was married to a lady from the Bua family. When the Ottoman army conquered Nafplio in 1540, many Greeks fled and some members of the Mormoris family escaped to the island of Crete controlled by the Venetians. In the 16th century, members of the "Mormori" or "Murmuri" family were active in Nafplio fighting against the Ottoman Empire. Other members of the same family served the Republic of Venice in Crete. Mormoris himself praises the Greeks and his family members in their fight against the Ottomans.

The father of Emmanuel Mormoris, Jacomo, was a "cavaliere" ("cavalryman") in the Venetian army and leader of the "stratioti" of Crete. Before 1570, Emmanuel Mormoris was sent by the Venetian "provveditore generale" ("governor-general") of Crete to Sfakia, a region in western Crete, to convince some local rebel to surrender to Venetian rule. In 1568, he became leader of a cavalry unit of "stratioti di nationi Greca" ("soldiers from the Greek nation") and was sent to the island of Corfu. In 1571, he was accepted as member of the Cretan nobility ("cretensi nobili") by the Venetian Senate.

Mormoris was militarily active in the region of Epirus during the Ottoman-Venetian War of 1570-1573. The "provveditore" of Corfu, Sebastiano Venier, gave weapons and ammunition to the Greeks of Himara. Mormoris proposed the capture of the fortress of Sopot located across the island of Corfu.

Sopot was an important stronghold and the Greek groups that participated in Mormoris' operations included Greek "stratioti" from Corfu and Greeks from Himarra (called "Himariotes"). After a successful siege on 7 June 1570, Mormoris was made commander of the fortress and the surrounding region. The capture of Sopot caused a revolt under his leadership resulting in the Ottomans being limited in the region to some military outposts. Mormoris, together with groups of Himariotes, then tried to destroy the Ottoman army as soon as possible. Afterwards, the anti-Ottoman movement spread to the regions of Argyrokastron, Delvina and Parga with the military help of the local Greek nobility and some "stratioti", such as Petros Lantzas and Georgios Renesis. Also, the people of Himara supported the rebellion and willingly surrendered to Venetian rule, while making use of the mountains of their homeland.

Mormoris and his army attacked the fortress of Nivice and finally captured it in 1571. Meanwhile, an Ottoman fleet under admiral Uluz Ali approached the coast of Himara. During his campaigns, Mormoris was helped by his brother Zorzis Mormoris who led units of "stratioti" in Margariti, Santa Maura (Lefkada), and Corfu. But Venice removed its support to the Greek rebels and so the rebels had to end their attack on Kardhiq and later Sopot Fortress was recaptured by the Ottomans in 1571. Emmanuel Mormoris was captured during the Ottoman attack, taken prisoner to Constantinople, and was freed in June 1575 during a prisoner exchange between the Venetians and Ottomans.

In 1583, Mormoris was placed in command of the Venetian infantry in Crete. He was involved in the construction of the Fortezza of Rethymno and the port at Rethymno. In 1590-1591, he was sent to Italy to suppress the revolt of the lord of Montemarciano, Alfonso Picollomini, who was later executed in March 1591. In 1592, Mormoris returned to Crete to deal with rebellions in the island. In 1593, he was placed in Kefallonia where he oversaw the building of the Venetian fortress in Asos. Mormoris was the author of military reports on the construction of fortifications in the Ionian islands and Crete.


Baby, Get It On

Baby, Get it On was written by Ike Turner (Tina Turners former husband) and was sung by the couple in 1975. The song was the lead single on Tina's album, "Acid Queen." "Baby, Get it On" is the last known song they both sang together prior to their divorce on March 29, 1978.

Condotta (Garau)

Condotta (also known as Pipeline) is a landscape painting by the Italian painter Salvatore Garau painted in 2003, diptych
mixed techniques on tarpaulin, measuring 240 x 350 cm centimeters, present in the permanent exhibition of Musée d'Art moderne et contemporain de Saint-Étienne Métropole.


"Salvatore Garau's canvases depict spaces animated by movements and pictorial events. Spaces that must be revived, experienced, filtered by emotions and identified with a scene." (Lorand Hegyi)




Angélica Aragón

Angélica Espinoza Stransky (born Mexico City, Mexico, July 11, 1953), better known as Angélica Aragón (), is a Mexican film, theater and television actress, daughter of the famous actor José Ángel Espinoza "Ferrusquilla", who has starred in different Mexican films such as "Cilandro y parejil, Sexo, pudor y lágrimas, El crimen del Padre Amaro", and in American films such as "A Walk in the Clouds" and "" and in telenovelas such as "Vivir un Poco and "Mirada de Mujer"."

She is of Czech descent on her maternal grandfather who was a soldier in the Austro-Hungarian Army during World War I.









The market (Filippini)

The Market (also known as Il Mercato or L'Antico verziere) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1881, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. n. 4725).

Filippini portrayed the square of "Il Verziere" in Milan (the name derives from "verzee" in the Milanese dialect, or "agricultural market"), is the open space that connects Largo Augusto with Via Verziere in Milan, in the Quadronno district inside the center of Milan , inhabited by the nobility of Milan. The Quadronno district and the Piazza del Verziere in Milan were among the most picturesque places represented by the painters of the nineteenth century.

The work also known as the "Verziere" is one of the few urban views by Filippini dedicated usually to countryside and mountain landscapes.

Filippini animates the scene with groups of figures represented by splashes of bright color.



Marina (Filippini)

Marina (also known as Venice port or La Grande Marina) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1882, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan since 1931 (inv. n. 4544).

The work is connected to Filippini's 1882 "Marina", also in the collection of the GAM Museum - Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. No. 4543), in which the sweeping views of the sea are represented they are cut diagonally from the jetty, geometrically perpendicular to that of the moored boats.



Imminent thunderstorm (Filippini)

Imminent thunderstorm (also known as Temporale imminente) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1890, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. n. 7146).
The conception of the work is of absolute avant-garde, of landscape, in which the vision is placed like the will of a bird from above, granting a unique and immersive perspective in the work and in the metrological change of the sky, waiting for the storm on the mountain. The presence of men and animals from that height are completely undefined but they protest their presence in the landscape.
The composition with aerial vision has a completely dilated perspective, bringing the possibility of looking beyond all limits, where the horizon is not defined by the creation of an arc that is one with the sky without a line of fracture through the sky and the earth.



Trent's Last Case (1929 movie)

Trent's Last Case is a 1929 American crime movie directed by Howard Hawks and is the second version of the 1913 novel of the same name by E. C. Bentley. It stars Raymond Griffith, Marceline Day, Raymond Hatton, Donald Crisp, Lawrence Gray, Anita Garvin and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Ratris Khel Chale

Ratris Khel Chale (transl. The Game Runs At Night) is a Marathi supernatural thriller drama series.

It was started from 22 February 2016.

Pusaeus

Flavius Illustrius Pusaeus was a 5th-century politician of the Roman Empire and a student of the Greek philosopher Proclus. 

Pusaeus studied Greek philosophy, specifically Neoplatonism, under Proclus. The other students in Proclus' school were Rufinus (high-level Athenian official), Severianus (provincial governor), Pamprepius (lecturer and supporter of Illus' rebellion), Marcellinus (patrician and "magister militum" of Dalmatia), Anthemius (Roman consul and emperor), and Flavius Messius Phoebus Severus (consul, patrician and prefect of Rome). In 465, Pusaeus held the position of "praetorian prefect of the East". In 467, he was a consul while Anthemius was head of the Western Roman Empire. In Constantinople, there is an inscription in Latin surrounded by inscriptions in Greek that reads: "Pusaeus, no less than the great Anthemius, strengthened towers and walls". Pusaeus died sometime before 486.


Moonlight (2016 movie)

Moonlight is a 2016 American coming-of-age drama movie.

The Lady Eve

The Lady Eve is a 1941 American romantic comedy movie directed by Preston Sturges and was based on the story by Monckton Hoffe. It stars Barbara Stanwyck, Henry Fonda, Charles Coburn, Eugene Pallette, Eric Blore, Melville Cooper, Robert Greig and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1942.


Munich (movie)

Munich is a 2005 American-French-Canadian historical drama movie. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 2006. It is about the assassinations of Palestinian terrorists by Mossad agents following the Munich massacre of the Israeli Olympic athletes.

My Favorite Brunette

My Favourite Brunette is a 1947 American romantic mystery comedy movie directed by Elliott Nugent and starring Bob Hope, Dorothy Lamour, Peter Lorre, Lon Chaney, Jr., John Hoyt, Charles Dingle, Reginald Denny, Willard Robertson, Jack La Rue. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Burnt by the Sun

Burnt by the Sun (, translit. "Utomlyonnye solntsem", literally "wearied by the sun") is a 1994 Russian French drama movie directed by Nikita Mikhalkov (who also stars) and also starring Oleg Menshikov, Ingeborga Dapkūnaitė, Nadezhda Mikhalkova, André Oumansky. It won an Academy Award in 1995 and was followed up by two sequels in 2010 and 2011.


Joop Fernhout

Johannes “Joop” Fernhout (27 June 1920 - 9 October 1995) was a Dutch chess player and chess composer. 

During World War II, Fernhout worked at Statistics Netherlands. He was also a resistance member during the war. Fernhout became Master of Law in 1945 and moved for work to the Dutch Indies. During his business career there he was among others president of AVROS, an agricultural producers organization with 250,000 employees in North Sumatra. Fernhout became in 1948 chess champion of Batavia and West Java.

Fernhout moved back to the Netherlands in 1958, where he was among others chairman of the Kamer van Koophandel (the Dutch Chamber of Commerce) in The Hague.

Handball at the 1930 Women's World Games

The handball competitions at the 1930 Women's World Games in Prague consisted of field handball and a Czech handball tournament.


The field handball tournament took place on 7 September 1930.

Stocksbridge Park Steels F.C.

Stocksbridge Park Steels Football Club is an English association football club based in Stocksbridge, South Yorkshire.

Microsoft Office 2016

Microsoft Office 2016 (First perpetual release Office 16) is an office suite for Windows. This is succeeding both Office 2013 and preceding Office 2019 and Office 2021, it was release on September 22, 2015 on Windows 10. Mainstream support of Office 2016 ended on October 13, 2020 and extended support same as most Office 2019 on October 14, 2025, the same day as mainstream support and extended support of Windows 10. Office 2016 has supported of Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 10 or later and not longer supported of Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008.


Chief of Government of Buenos Aires

The Government Headquarters of the City of Buenos Aires is the form of government adopted by the Executive Power of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires since 1996, after the declaration of autonomy of this city, capital of the Argentine Republic.

This form of government is exercised by a Head of Government elected by popular vote, whose duration in office is four years and with the possibility of consecutive re-election for a single period. Along with the Head of Government there is also the figure of the Deputy Head of Government, who is also elected by popular vote with the same periods as the Head of Government and whose function is to temporarily assume command of the Executive Power in case of absence, or definitively in case of acephaly.

The figure of the Head of Government of the City of Buenos Aires replaced the previous figure of the Mayor of the City of Buenos Aires, who was appointed by the President in office, with the agreement of the Senate of Argentina.

Before 1996, the position of Chief of Government was known as Mayor of Buenos Aires. Back then, you were appointed mayor not elected. After a 1994 referendum, the title changed to Chief of Government and it became an elected position.


Nikolai Andreev

Nikolai Andreev (born in Russia) is a Russian mathematician and popularizer of mathematics.

Nikolai is the Head of the Laboratory for Popularization and Promotion of Mathematics at the Steklov Mathematical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences (Moscow). He received a Ph.D. in mathematics from Moscow State University in 2000. Among his many highly valued projects by the Russian mathematical community is the creation of the online resource Mathematical Etudes.

In the years 2000 and 2001 he participated in the International Mathematical Olympiad.

Prize of the President of the Russian Federation in the Area of ​​Sciences and Innovations for Young Scientists (2010)

Gold Medal of the Russian Academy of Sciences (2017) for outstanding achievements in science popularization

Leelavati Award (2022) for his contribution to the art of mathematical animation and mathematical model building, in a style that inspires young and old alike, and that mathematicians around the world can adapt to its many uses, as well as well as for his tireless efforts to popularize genuine mathematics among the public through videos, lectures, and an award-winning book

Osteocephalus alboguttatus

The whitebelly tree frog ("Osteocephalus alboguttatus") is a frog. It lives Ecuador in the Amazon Basin. Scientists have seen it as high as 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 34 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 35-46 mm long. This frog is brown in color with large white spots and a white belly. It has light brown color on its sides. The young frogs have cream-colored stripes. The iris of the eye is green-gold in color with black marks.

This frog lives in open places, forests, and banana farms.

The scientific name of this species comes from the Latin words "albo" for "white" and "gutta" for "spot."

Fencing at the 1930 Women's World Games

Fencing was one of the sports at the at the 1930 Women's World Games at the Letná Stadium in Prague in September 1930. Six fencers entered for the foil competition. However the German world champion Helene Mayer could not participate because she was ill.

A total of 20 matches were played. Every fencer competed twice against every other fencer.

Shepherdess at rest (Filippini)

Shepherdess at rest (also known as La Sosta or Siesta) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1887, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the GAM-Gallery of Modern Art of Milan (inv. n. 193), from which it was bought in 1933.




Self-portrait as a young man (Filippini)

Self-portrait as a young man (also known as Autoritratto giovanile) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1873, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Civic Museums of Brescia (inv. n. 1526).

Made when the artist was twenty, while attending the drawing school in Brescia, it is one of the three self-portraits made by Filippini.




Nude Study (Filippini)

Nude Study (also known as Studio di nudo virile) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1876, in Brescia, Italy. Is in the collection of the Civic Museums of Brescia (inv. n. 988).

The work is part of six other nude studies, preserved in the Civic Museums of Brescia and carried out by Filippini, during his transition from the Brescia drawing school to the Brera Academy in Milan.

This virile study was carried out by Filippini who had to make a copy of a painting from "Academia" to participate in the competition for the prize of the legate Brozzoni, which he needed to move to the Brera Academy in Milan.




Portrait of the mother (Filippini)

Portrait of the mother (also known as Ritratto della madre) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1877, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Civic Museums of Brescia (inv. n. 608).

Umberto Boccioni was inspired by the work "Portrait of the mother'" by Francesco Filippini to create the portrait of his mother Portrait of the mother in 1910, painted in Via Adige 23 in Milan.

Filippini's mother, The work portrayed Silvia Signoria (1823-1877), mother of Filippini of humble origins, portrayed by Filippini during her studies at the Brera Academy in Milan.

It seems this work was the inspiration for the creation of the "Portrait of the mother" by Umberto Boccioni (oil on canvas 70 x 55.5) of 1916, part of the collection of the Ricci Oddi Gallery of Modern Art. Here too the mother is represented in a frontal position and a total flattening of the volumes made with strong contrasts of chiaroscuro that the lateral light projects on the faces. The brush strokes are made with short and quick strokes typical of Filipinos in the youth period.




Sunset (Filippini)

Sunset (also known as Vespero or Sosta - Gregge - Vespero) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1891, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Civic Museums of Brescia (inv. n. 734).

The work with the title of "Vespero" was the most important of the 1981 Promotional Exhibition in Turin, amid the clamor of the public and visitors the poet Giuseppe Deabate dedicated his verses to him in the catalog of the same Exhibition, confirming that the paintings of Filippini are works of art and poetry.

The stylistic reference of Filippini in this painting is to his work "Return to the pasture" of 1888.
Filippini portrays, at sunset towards versa, those who, after their daily efforts, go to pray in front of an isolated "Santella" which is encountered in the path between work and devotion.




Nguyễn Bá Cẩn

Nguyễn Bá Cẩn (September 9, 1930 – May 20, 2009) was a South Vietnamese politician who served as Prime Minister of South Vietnam from 5 April 1975 until 28 April 1975; serving under Presidents Nguyễn Văn Thiệu and Trần Văn Hương.

Bá Cẩn died on May 20, 2009 in California, United States at the age of 78.

Mercado Libre

Mercado Libre, Inc. (literally "free market" in Spanish, and known as Mercado Livre in Portuguese) is a multinational company of Argentine origin based in Buenos Aires dedicated to electronic commerce in Latin America.

Users can sell and buy both new and used products at a fixed or variable price, plus private services are offered. Mercado Libre also has a service called Mercado Pago, a platform for charging buyers and payments and credits to sellers. Although their headquarters are in Argentina, their main and profitable operating markets are Brazil and Mexico, where they even operate with their own line of aircraft included.

GTE

GTE Corporation, formerly General Telephone & Electronics Corporation (1955–1982), was the largest independent telephone company in the United States during the days of the Bell System. The company operated from 1926.

NYNEX

NYNEX Corporation was an American telephone company that served five states of New England (Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont) as well as most of the state of New York from January 1, 1984, to August 14, 1997.

Verizon New England

Verizon New England, Inc. is a Bell Operating Company that serves most of Massachusetts and all of Rhode Island. It was formerly New England Telephone and Telegraph Company, more commonly known as New England Telephone, which for seven decades served most of the New England area of the United States as a part of the original AT&T. New England Telephone's coverage area included Maine, New Hampshire, and Vermont as well as Massachusetts and Rhode Island, but Verizon sold off service in the northern three states, which as of 2020 are served by Consolidated Communications. 

After the Bell System divestiture, New England Telephone merged with New York Telephone to form NYNEX in 1984. NYNEX was acquired by Bell Atlantic in 1997. In 2000, Bell Atlantic bought GTE and changed its own name to Verizon. New England Telephone was then renamed Verizon New England.

MCI Inc.

MCI, Inc. (subsequently Worldcom and MCI WorldCom) was a telecommunications company.

WorldCom was originally headquartered in Clinton, Mississippi before relocating to Ashburn, Virginia when it changed its name to MCI.

Leny Rombout

Leny Rombout (born 1900s) was a Dutch athlete specialized in javelin throw from Dordrecht. She was a member of Sparta, Dordrecht and the Dutch national team.

In September 1925, she finished second at the Dutch national champion in the athletics’ triathlon behind Martha Kolthoff.

On 15 July 1929, she set the national record in javelin throw at the 1929 Netherlands–Germany women's athletics competition. On 18 August she broke the national javelin record again at the international competition against Belgium.

In August 1930, she won at the 1930 WAAA Championships, the British national championships, the javelin throw with a distance of 32.44 metres.
In September 1930, she competed at the 1930 Women's World Games in Prague in the javelin throw event. She reached the finals where she finished sixth.


C&amp;P Telephone

The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company, usually known as C&P Telephone, is a company providing services to Washington, D.C., Maryland, West Virginia, and Virginia.

Today, three of the companies are owned by Verizon Communications: The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company (DC), The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company of Maryland, and The Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company of Virginia. 

Diamond State Telephone

Verizon Delaware LLC, formerly The Diamond State Telephone Company, is the Bell Operating Company of Delaware, and small parts of southeastern Pennsylvania. Founded in 1897, it became a part of the Bell System in 1905. When the AT&T breakup occurred in 1984, DST became managed by the Regional Bell Operating Company Bell Atlantic. In 1994, Bell Atlantic chose to "unify" its brand by legally renaming all of its telephone companies — including Diamond State Telephone, to "Bell Atlantic – Delaware, Inc".

After the 2000 merger with GTE, Bell Atlantic – Delaware, Inc. became known as Verizon Delaware, Inc., and later as Verizon Delaware LLC.

Corn crake

The corn crake or landrail ("Crex crex") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Red-legged crake

The red-legged crake ("Rallina fasciata") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Qashqai people

Qashqai (قشقایی, also spelled Qaşqay, Qashqayi, Kashkai, Kashkay, Qašqāʾī and Qashqa'i or Kaşkay) is an Oghuz Turkic group of people living mainly in the Fars Province of Southern Iran. 
Their language is regarded as an independent third group of dialects within the Southwestern Turkic language group by the "Encyclopædia Iranica". It is known to speakers as Turki. Estimates of the number of Qashqai speakers vary between 1.6–2.5 million. 
The Qashqai are thought to trace its origins to the Bronze Age tribe "Kashka/Kaska" (also "Kaška or Kaskian") of the Ancient Near East.

Brawley, California

Brawley is a city in Imperial County, California, United States.

Calipatria, California

Calipatria is a city in Imperial County, California, United States.

Imperial, California

Imperial is a city in Imperial County, California, United States.

Westmorland, California

Westmorland is a city in Imperial County, California, United States.

Clearlake, California

Clearlake is a city in Lake County, California, United States.

Chowchilla, California

Chowchilla is a city in Madera County, California, United States.

Bogd Khanate of Mongolia

The Bogd Khanate of Mongolia (; ) was the government of Outer Mongolia between 1911 and 1919 and again from 1921 to 1924.

Zameer Khan

Zameer Khan was born 17 September, 1990. He is a Danish cricketer who has played 8 Twenty20 Internationals for Denmark.

Barton, Maryland

Barton is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Lonaconing, Maryland

Lonaconing is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Luke, Maryland

Luke is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Midland, Maryland

Midland is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Westernport, Maryland

Westernport is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Chesapeake Beach, Maryland

Chesapeake Beach is a town in Calvert County, Maryland, United States.

North Beach, Maryland

North Beach is a town in Calvert County, Maryland, United States.

The Two Mrs. Carrolls

The Two Mrs. Carrolls is a 1947 American mystery movie directed by Peter Godfrey (who also stars) and was based on the 1935 play of the same name by Martin Vale. Also starring Humphrey Bogart, Barbara Stanwyck, Alexis Smith, Nigel Bruce, Isobel Elsom, Patrick O'Moore. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and did poorly at the box office.


Federalsburg, Maryland

Federalsburg is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz

Doctor Heinz Doofenshmirtz, also known as Dr. Doofenshmirtz or Doof is a fictional character from the cartoon television series Phineas and Ferb and its spin-off Milo Murphy’s Law. He is played by Dan Povenmire. 

In Phineas and Ferb, Dr. Doofenshmirtz is an evil scientist who wants to use his machines to take over the Tri-State Area. He says he is “an evil scientist, not a mad scientist”. His nemesis Perry the Platypus stops his evil plans every day. Dr. Doofenshmirtz also has a lot of bad luck and says the reason he loses every time is because he has “poor planning skills”. Doofenshmirtz also gives almost every machine he builds a name ending with “inator”. Even though he calls himself evil and is the villain of the show, he has some good traits. For instance, he really does love his daughter Vanessa.

Dr. Doofenshmirtz likes to tell everyone his origin story to explain why he wants to try to be a supervillain. He says that neither of his parents showed up to the hospital the day he was born and that they never gave him a birthday party. He also says that his parents disowned him and he was raised by ocelots. Doofenshmirtz also says that when he was a child his only friend was a balloon that he lost and that his father made him stand all day in the lawn dressed up as a gnome. Doof also says his parents named their pet dog Only Son because Doofenshmirtz was scared to dive into a swimming pool and that his mother didn’t let him go swimming in public pools and she liked his younger brother Roger Doofenshmirtz better than she liked him because Roger was the only one of the two who was good at kickball. Doof was also forced to wear dresses since his parents had thought Roger would be a girl. Dr. Doofenshmirtz says he hates Roger not only out of jealousy but also because Roger accidentally destroyed a painting that Doof made. Since he was a child, Heinz Doofenshmirtz was in many science fairs but every time he lost to a baking soda volcano. And when he became a writer of poetry, he still lost to a baking soda volcano. He faced a lot of bullies over time. A woman he liked left him for someone with big hands. After moving to America and getting married and later getting a divorce he had a girlfriend who left him for a whale.

In almost every episode, Dr. Doofenshmirtz builds a machine called an inator either to get revenge on someone from a backstory or to take over the Tri-State Area and is beaten by Perry the Platypus. Even though he loses to Perry every time, Dr. Doofenshmirtz accidentally destroys whatever Phineas and Ferb built that day so that when their sister Candace tries to show it to their mother there is nothing there and Candace looks like she’s crazy.

In the second season of the show there was an episode called Summer Belongs to You where Dr. Doofenshmirtz works with Perry the Platypus to rescue his daughter Vanessa Doofenshmirtz. In the third season there was an episode called Agent Doof where Dr. Doofenshmirtz tries to become a secret agent working for the good guys and accidentally causes more problems than he did when he was evil so he decides to go back to being evil. In the Season Three episode, Where’s Perry, Dr. Doofenshmirtz builds a machine called the “Ultimate Evil-Inator” to turn Perry’s wikt:boss Major Monogram evil but accidentally hits Monogram’s assistant Carl making him turn evil. So Doof ends up working with Monogram and Perry to stop Carl because Carl is a more dangerous villain than Doof was so Dr. Doofenshmirtz builds a machine called the Re-Good Inator and turns Carl good again. In the movie Phineas and Ferb: Across the Second Dimension, Dr. Doofenshmirtz goes to a parallel universe where a more evil version of himself already won and Doof ends up stopping the other him from taking over the Tri-State Area from the main universe. In the Season 4, episode Mission Marvel, Doofenshmirtz accidentally steals the powers of the superheroes from Marvel Comics and teams up with the Marvel supervillains but the villains betray him so Doofenshmirtz helps stop them. In the Season 4 episode Minor Monogram, Doofenshmirtz’s sidekick betrays Dr. Doofenshmirtz and tries to take over the world so Doof helps stop him. In the Season Four episode, “Primal Perry” Dr. Doofenshmirtz hires a hunter from Australia named Liam to trap Perry the Platypus but ends up working with Perry to stop him after Liam tries to kill them both. In the episode Doof 101, it’s revealed that after summer ended Dr. Doofenshmirtz was given a choice between jail and community service and ended up as a high school science teacher. And the episode Act Your Age set in the future reveals that Dr. Doofenshmirtz didn’t commit any crimes since then. In the episode Phineas and Ferb save Summer, Dr. Doofenshmirtz helps the good guys stop a mad scientist named Rodney from putting the world in a new ice age but says he’s still evil. In the horror episode Night of the Living Pharmacists, he accidentally starts a zombie pharmacist apocalypse and helps to stop it. In the series finale Last Day of Summer, he builds a machine called the Do-Over Inator so that he can start the same day over any number of times and accidentally nearly destroys the universe so he tries to save it from himself and his daughter Vanessa convinces him to turn good.

Dr. Doofenshmirtz appears in both episodes of the spin-off The OWCA Files in which he’s partnered with Perry the Platypus and had to fight another evil scientist named Parenthesis. In the spin-off Milo Murphy’s Law, Dr. Doofenshmirtz invents time travel and changes his name to Professor Time. Doof also appears in the movie Phineas and Ferb: Candace Against the Universe where he helps fight the aliens and save Earth.

Mental gland

A mental gland is found in many amphibians and reptiles. Mental glands make pheromones.

There are two mental glands, one on each side of the head. They are behind the jawbone.

Mental glands make chemicals that come out through the skin. These chemicals help the animal tell when another animal is the same or a different species from them. The chemicals also help them choose mates.

Turtles bob their heads up and down when they see another turtle. Perhaps bobbing the head up and down helps the chemicals from the mental glands get in the air. Salamanders move when they see another salamander. For example, they snap their jaws. Only salamanders that have mental glands do this, so this also spreads the chemicals through the air.

Not all reptiles and amphibians have mental glands. Some species in the same family have mental glands and others do not.

In 2021, one team of scientists found that most turtles that have mental glands live in the water. Mental glands occurred just once in turtles, in the family Testudinoidea. Then some kept their glands and some lost them. Probably all turtles that have mental glands develop them from the same tissue.

Phineas and Ferb

Phineas and Ferb is a Disney Channel cartoon television series created by Dan Povenmire and Swampy Marsh. It aired from 2007 to 2015 and inspired two spin-offs called The OWCA Files and Milo Murphy’s Law. It was also adapted into two movies: and the Disney Plus original movie .

Phineas Flynn and his stepbrother Ferb Fletcher are two children who spend their summer vacation inventing new machines and/or building large contraptions so that they and their friends can have fun. Phineas’s sister Candace Flynn thinks that their mother would be angry with Phineas and Ferb if she saw the things they build so 
Candace spends each day trying to show her what Phineas and Ferb created to get her to punish them (or as Candace puts it to “bust” them.) But Phineas and Ferb’s pet platypus Perry is actually a spy secretly working for a group called OWCA (Organization Without a Cool Acronym) known as Perry the Platypus or Agent P who spends every day fighting the evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz. And every day Perry’s battle with Doofenshmirtz leads to him accidentally destroying whatever Phineas and Ferb built just before Candace shows it to her mother Linda so Linda sees nothing and doesn’t believe Candace who ends up looking crazy.

Rock concert

A rock concert is a live performance of rock music. The music at rock concerts are usually played by bands, but sometimes they are played by one person.

Milo Murphy's Law

Milo Murphy’s Law is an animated television series created by Dan Povenmire and Swampy Marsh as a spin-off of Phineas and Ferb and, starring Weird Al. It is centred on a 13 year old boy named Milo Murphy whose family is known for the slogan “anything that can go wrong will go wrong” because around all male members of the Murphy family “anything that can go wrong will go wrong”. Because of that, Milo Murphy makes sure to be completely prepared for anything that can happen no matter how strange or unlikely.

Phineas and Ferb The Movie: Across The Second Dimension

Phineas and Ferb The Movie: Across the Second Dimension is a 2011 TV movie based on the television series "Phineas and Ferb".


On the five-year anniversary of getting Perry the Platypus, Phineas Flynn and his stepbrother Ferb Fletcher accidentally catapult themselves into Dr. Doofenshmirtz’s building “Doofenshmirtz Evil Incorporated”. There Phineas and Ferb help Dr. Doofenshmirtz build an Other-Dimension-Inator and go to a parallel universe where a smarter and much more evil version of Dr. Doofenshmirtz managed to conquer and enslave the entire Tri-State Area, and Perry reveals his secret identity to protect Phineas and Ferb. Phineas’s sister Candace Flynn becomes convinced that there’s a “mysterious force” that makes everything Phineas and Ferb build disappear before she can show it to her mother. All four (and Dr. Doofenshmirtz ) end up having to work together to stop the parallel universe version of Dr. Doofenshmirtz from taking over Danville.

Like the show it’s based on, the movie is a musical. It includes the following songs.



Phineas Flynn

Phineas Flynn is a fictional character appearing in the animated television series Phineas and Ferb. Along with his stepbrother Ferb Fletcher, Phineas is the main protagonist. Phineas is known for the catchphrase “Ferb, I know what we’re gonna do today”.

Ferb Fletcher

Ferb Fletcher is a fictional character in the animated television series Phineas and Ferb. Ferb comes from Great Britain but moved to the United States after his father Lawrence Fletcher married an American woman named Linda Flynn who already had two children Candace Flynn who is older than Ferb is and Phineas Flynn who is about the same age as Ferb is. Unlike Phineas, Ferb rarely talks and is “more of a man of action”.

Candace Flynn

Candace Flynn is a fictional character created by Dan Povenmire and Swampy Marsh for the animated television series "Phineas and Ferb" and is the deuteragonist of the show. Candace is voiced by Ashley Tisdale.

Every day of their summer vacation Candace’s brother Phineas Flynn and their stepbrother Ferb Fletcher build a new machine or invention. Candace knows that she would get in serious trouble with her parents if she did anything like create Phineas and Ferb’s inventions which she believes are dangerous so every day she tries to show her mother Linda what Phineas and Ferb created so that she’ll get angry and punish them (or as Candace puts it “bust them”.) But by the time Candace shows her mother Phineas and Ferb’s latest invention it has mysteriously disappeared (normally because of Perry the Platypus’s battles against Dr. Doofenshmirtz) making Candace look like she’s insane.

Candace appears in Milo Murphy’s Law in the crossover episode The Phineas and Ferb Effect, in which she argues that Phineas and Ferb shouldn’t include Milo Murphy in their plan to save the world because around him “everything that can go wrong will go wrong” only to change her mind about Milo after realizing just how resourceful he is.
Candace is the main protagonist of the Disney Plus original movie .

Deuteragonist

In fiction a deuteragonist is the second most important character after the protagonist.

Scott Menville

Scott David Menville (born February 12, 1971) is an American actor. He is known for his voice work in animated films, television series and video games.

Andy Sturmer

Marvin Andrew Sturmer (born March 11, 1965) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and composer. He co-founded the rock band Jellyfish in 1989. He was the group's lead vocalist, drummer, and primary songwriter. Following their break-up in 1994, Sturmer became involved with Tamio Okuda, as writer and producer for the Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi. Although Sturmer maintains a low public profile, he continues working as a songwriter for cartoons produced by Disney and Cartoon Network and the music in Ben 10 and The Juice 2012 and 2014.

Janyse Jaud

Janyse Jaud (, born November 26, 1969) is a Canadian actress, musician and author.


Kathleen Barr

Kathleen Barr (born April 6, 1967) is a Canadian voice actress. She is best known for voicing Marie Kanker and Kevin in "Ed, Edd n Eddy" and Trixie Lulamoon and Queen Chrysalis in "". She also voiced Henri Richard Maurice Dutoit LeFevbre in "Liberty's Kids", Isis, and Delilah, in Krypto the Superdog. Dot Matrix in "ReBoot", Kaiko Nekton in "The Deep", Wheezie in "Dragon Tales", Gelorum in "Hot Wheels: AcceleRacers", and Sweetberry in "My Little Pony".

Jenn Forgie

Jennifer Forgie (born January 4, 1969) is a Canadian actress and singer. She is often credited as Jenn Forgie.

Forgie is well known for her anime roles on "InuYasha", as Jakotsu, the homosexual member of The Band of Seven and "Ranma ½" as Tsukasa. She also played May Kanker and Nazz von Bartonschmeer during the third season of the animated series "Ed, Edd n Eddy". However, the creator, Danny Antonucci, preferred Nazz and May's previous voice, Erin Fitzgerald, and had her flown to Canada to replace her for future episodes. She has also appeared in a TV movie about "Flight 93".

Patric Caird

Patric Caird is a Canadian film and television composer and musician.


Doug Parker (voice actor)

Douglas Parker (born December 17, 1957 in Canada) is a Canadian voice actor and animation director.

He has been active in the industry since 1985. He has cast, and directed many animated shows and films. He also has voiced characters in several cartoons and anime; he is probably best known for his work in "ToddWorld", which was nominated as an outstanding children's animated program. His character Terrosaur in "Beast Wars: Transformers" is also well-known, as well as Starscream. Doug also provided the voice of Prince Adam in "The New Adventures of He-Man" (1990).

The Super

The Super is a 1991 American comedy movie directed by Rod Daniel and starring Joe Pesci, Vincent Gardenia, Ruben Blades, Madolyn Smith, Stacey Travis, Carole Shelley, Kenny Blank. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a box office failure.


Terry Klassen

Terry Klassen (born March 31, 1957) is a Canadian voice actor, ADR director and writer. Before animation, Klassen worked in radio in Winnipeg (CITI-FM), Toronto (Q107), Calgary (CFAC), Portage la Prairie (CFRY) and part-time at CFOX and CFMI. In animation, he is best known for his work on "My Little Pony" being voice director of all episodes including the movie (Canadian talent) and the "" series. Klassen has also voiced many characters including Baby Sylvester in "Baby Looney Tunes", Tusky Husky in "Krypto the Superdog" and Tony and Seth Parsons in "The Cramp Twins".

Lee Tockar

Lee William Tockar (born February 11, 1969) is a Canadian voice actor and visual artist.
He works for several studios in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He is also a writer of children's literature, a musician, sculptor, illustrator and collected painter. Tockar is best known for his work on "", Eugene "Bling Bling Boy" Hamilton in "Johnny Test", George in "George of the Jungle", Doktor Frogg on "League of Super Evil", the titular character of "Yakkity Yak", the evil Makuta Teridax in the Bionicle films and Fidgel from "3-2-1 Penguins!". He also founded FanBuilt.com.

Ed, Edd n Eddy: The Mis-Edventures

Ed, Edd n Eddy: The Mis-Edventures is a 3D platform video game based on the Cartoon Network animated television series "Ed, Edd n Eddy". It was developed by Artificial Mind and Movement and Cartoon Network Interactive and published by Midway Games.

Ed, Edd n Eddy: Scam of the Century

Ed, Edd n Eddy: Scam of the Century is a video game developed by Japanese video game developer Art Co., Ltd and published by D3 Publisher for the Nintendo DS. The game is based on the Cartoon Network animated series "Ed, Edd n Eddy". It was released on October 23, 2007, in North America, on November 1, 2007, in Australia, and on November 30, 2007, in Europe.

Ed, Edd n Eddy (season 1)

Season 1 of the Cartoon Network TV series Ed, Edd n Eddy started on November 12 and ended on April 21, 2000.

Every episode of this season is directed by Danny Antonucci.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Ed, Edd n Eddy (season 2)

The second season of Ed, Edd n Eddy first aired on December 17, 1999 and ended on Decmber 31, 2001.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

The Ed-touchables and Nagged to Ed

"The Ed-touchables" and "Nagged to Ed" are the two parts that make up the pilot episode of the Canadian-American animated television series "Ed, Edd n Eddy". It premiered on Cartoon Network in the United States on November 7, 1998.

List of Ed, Edd n Eddy episodes

Ed, Edd n Eddy is an animated television series broadcast on Cartoon Network, an American cable network. The series started showing on November 12, 1999.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

General
Specific

And That Is Why . . . Manipuri Myths Retold

And That Is Why . . . Manipuri Myths Retold is a book by L. Somi Roy. It is a children's book based on 12 stories from the Meitei mythology (Manipuri mythology) of the Meitei ethnicity of Manipur. The book is published by the Penguin Random House India under the Puffin Imprint. It was released by MP of Rajya Sabha and titular king Leishemba Sanajaoba at the Palace Compund, Imphal on the 21st June 2021. The stories are actually a collection of translated works from the original myths from the PuYas (Meitei language manuscripts) of ancient Manipur, rarely retold by people in the modern times.

Late scholar Ningthoukhongjam Khelchandra introduced the ancient Meitei manuscripts to L. Somi Roy. L. Somi Roy was helped by Thokchom Thouyangba Meitei, a scholar of ancient manuscripts, the artist Sapha Yumnam, and Manipuri historian Wangam Somorjit, in the creation of the book project. The author revisited the treasures of the ancient mythological tales of the Meiteis of the pre-Hindu Manipur. The illustration artist Sapha Yumnam confirmed that the artworks found in the ancient Meitei manuscripts are "primitive" having many warm toned colors like red, brown and little usage of black, grey and blue. In respect for the ancient artistic tradition, Sapha Yumnam used the very colours in the illustration of the book to be as faithfully close to the originals.

According to an interview with L. Somi Roy by the "Times of India", he said that the book was the first time for the Manipuri mythology being presented to the outside world and so, he was taking extra care. He further said that the stories are from a time before the arrival of Hinduism in Manipur. In the author's comment, every civilization doesn't have a mythology but Manipuri has its own mythology, and it's remarkable in consideration to the historical size of Manipur. He opined that Manipur's civilization is an Eastern oriented one while the rest of India is Western looking.

In an interview with L. Somi Roy by the "Indian Express", he said:
"We have high culture in dance and music, and even sports, but not much of a visual tradition. It is these rare manuscripts that make up the heritage of the Meitei community — and hence, need to be preserved as far as possible."

The book contains 12 stories about mythical creatures, heroes, gods and goddesses from the ancient mythological tales of the Meiteis of ancient Manipur.

Unexpected Uncle

Unexpected Uncle is a 1941 American comedy-drama movie directed by Peter Godfrey and starring Anne Shirley, James Craig, Charles Coburn, Ernest Truex, Renee Godfrey, Russell Gleason. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.

Nicknames of New York City

New York City has been known by many nicknames.



Marcos Galperin

Marcos Eduardo Galperin (Born, October 31, 1971) is an Argentine businessman known for being the founder, president and executive director of Mercado Libre.

In February 2020, Marcos Galperin left his position as CEO and president of Mercado Libre in Argentina. Galperin was replaced by Stelleo Passos Tolda, a Brazilian executive who until then was the company's Chief Operating Officer. 

Galperin stepped down as head of the board of directors of the e-commerce company's Argentine subsidiary, but will maintain his executive leadership role. He will also maintain his role as chief financial officer and chief manager of the company.

Just Between Friends

Just Between Friends is a 1986 American drama movie directed by first time director Allan Burns and starring Mary Tyler Moore, Christine Lahti, Sam Waterston, Ted Danson, Jane Greer, Mark Blum, Beverly Sanders, Lewis Arquette. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


She Done Him Wrong

She Done Him Wrong is a 1933 American romantic comedy movie directed by Lowell Sherman and was based on the 1928 play Diamond Lil by Mae West (who also stars). Also starring Cary Grant, Owen Moore, Gilbert Roland, Rochelle Hudson, Noah Beery Sr., Rafaela Ottiano and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1934.


Vanilla Sky

Vanilla Sky is a 2001 American British Spanish science fiction psychological thriller movie directed by Cameron Crowe and is based on the 1997 movie "Open Your Eyes". It stars Tom Cruise, Cameron Diaz, Kurt Russell, Penélope Cruz, Jason Lee, Tom Hanks, Alex Rocco, Harvey Fierstein, Noah Taylor, Timothy Spall, Tilda Swinton, Carolyn Pickles and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2002. It was released on December 14, 2001 in the United States and January 25, 2002 in the United Kingdom before it finally made its debut on ITV1 in 2006 as part of the Wednesday night movie premiere. 


Egor Rays

Egor Egorovich Rays (real name - Egor Egorovich Vinichenko, born October 10, 1987, Moscow, Moscow Region, USSR) is a Russian sports blogger, sports agent of Olympic athletes.

He is a laureate of the award in the field of educational development "Pedagog-Psychologist" of the year (2012), he is also a nominee of the award Russia the land of opportunities: "TOP BLOG" in the sports section.

Host of the podcast show on "Soviet Sport" - "Let's go to contact".

Sony Rana

Sony Rana (born 17 October 1965) or Sonee Rana is the first Nepalese female commercial-pilot. She is also the first Nepali female Boeing jet-pilot. She got her aviation license from Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal on 29 March 1991.
Rana was awarded with Order of Gorkha Dakshina Bahu (IV) in 1993.

She married Bijay Giri, a pilot in 2055 BS (1998-1999). Rana and Giri knew each other for seven year before their marriage. Giri died on a plane crash in Surkhet on 17 July 2002 (1 Shrawan 2059).

She has one daughter. Her younger brother Ashish Narasingh Rana is also a pilot. She currently lives in Maharajgunj, Kathmandu.

Perry the Platypus

Perry the Platypus, also known as Perry or Agent P is a fictional character created by Dan Povenmire and Swampy Marsh for the animated television series Phineas and Ferb. Perry is played by Dee Bradley Baker.

Phineas Flynn and his stepbrother Ferb Fletcher keep Perry as a pet but think that he’s just a regular platypus who “doesn’t do much”. Whenever Phineas has an idea for what he and Ferb will build that day someone asks “hey, where’s Perry”. Perry is actually a spy working for OWCA (the Organization Without a Cool Acronym) while wearing a fedora and is said to be OWCA’s best secret agent. Perry’s boss Major Monogram normally sends him to fight Dr. Doofenshmirtz. In almost every episode, Perry the Platyus shows up at Doof’s headquarters, Dr. Doofenshmirtz traps Perry, Doof explains his evil plan, Perry escapes, Perry and Dr. Doofenshmirtz fight, Perry beats Doofenshmirtz and Doof yells “Curse you, Perry the Platypus.” That said, there are some exceptions to this. For example, in the Season One Episode Journey to the Center of Candace, Dr. Doofenshmirtz decides to “mix it around a little” by beginning with describing his evil plan and then trapping Perry, but as soon as Dr. Doofenshmirtz explains his plan is “to destroy anyone who can’t make up their mind” Perry immediately catches and arrests Doof after having a flashback to his owner Phineas Flynn saying he couldn’t make up his mind.

In the episode Rouge Rabbit, Perry the Platypus is sent to fight an evil rabbit named Dennis who is more dangerous than Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz is. In the episode “Oh, there you are Perry”, Perry is told to leave Phineas and Ferb to fight a new supervillain the Regurgitator who takes on Dr. Doofenshmirtz as a sidekick and loses to Perry because of Doof’s stupidity. In some episodes, Perry actually works with Dr. Doofenshmirtz against a more dangerous villain.

Even though Dr. Doofenshmirtz is Perry’s nemesis when Perry isn’t trying to stop Doofenshmirtz from doing evil the two are actually friends. In the Season One episode Oil on Candace, Perry tries to cheer up Dr. Doofenshmirtz when he can’t convince his Professor that he’s good at being evil. In the episode Dude, We’re Getting the Band Back Together, Perry helps Doofenshmirtz throw a birthday party for his daughter Vanessa. In the episode Put that Putter Away, Perry and Doof vacation together. In one episode, Perry pretends to be Doofenshmirtz’s pet so that Doof can impress a woman he wants to date. In the episode It’s About Time, Perry has a song about how sad he is without Doofenshmirtz after Doof replaced him as an enemy with Peter the Panda. At one point, Dr. Doofenshmirtz tells Perry “You are my rock, Perry the Platypus, by which I mean the one person who’s always there for me”.

Perry plays a major role in where Perry reveals that he’s actually a secret agent to stop the parallel universe version of Dr. Doofenshmirtz from killing Phineas and Ferb but Phineas is angry with Perry for lying to him.

In the spin-off The OWCA Files, Perry has to train and work with a team of new partners one of whom is the no longer evil Dr. Doofenshmirtz.

In the spin-off Milo Murphy’s Law, Perry’s boss Major Monogram has him sent to Dr. Doofenshmirtz to stop Doof from accidentally causing problems while trying to be good. Only for Doofenshmirtz to find out and be angry with Perry because “you’re not my friend, you’re my babysitter”. Though in the series finale, Dr. Doofenshmirtz forgives Perry after finding out Perry spent all the money he was making on helping pay for Dr. Doofenshmirtz to invent time travel and become Professor Time. 

Osteocephalus buckleyi

Buckley's slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus buckleyi") is a frog. It lives Ecuador, Colombia, Bolivia, Brazil and the Guianas. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 42-50 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 63-69 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is dark green with brown spots. The skin where the legs meet the body is blue. It has bumps on its skin. There is some extra skin on the outsides of its feet. The iris of the eye is gold in color.

This frog hides during the day and moves around at night. At night, the frog sits on branches or plants near or hanging over streams. During the day, the frog hides on roots, rocks or dead tree trunks near the water.

XYY syndrome

XYY syndrome, also known as Jacobs syndrome, is an genetic disorder. People with this disorder have the wrong number of chromosomes in each of their cells, which is called aneuploidy. They have one X chromosome and 2 Y chromosomes in each cell. People with XYY syndrome are male, but normal males have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome.


Northwestern Bell

Northwestern Bell is an American Midwestern telephone company. The network is doing business as CenturyLink (also called Lumen Technologies). It is operated in Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota. The company began as Nebraska Telephone Company and Iowa Telephone Company.

In 1920, these and three other telephone groups were merged into one company and renamed Northwestern Bell Telephone Company. When the Bell System was phased out, it was renamed to Northwestern Bell a US WEST Company.

In the early 1990s, the Northwestern Bell name stopped being used. It was replaced under the US West Communications company banner. In 2010 or 2011, CenturyLink took over the Northwestern Bell name and the operations. At that same time, CenturyLink replaced the Qwest name. Northwestern Bell is still around although the name Northwestern Bell is no longer used for corporate identity.

1928 Belgium–Netherlands women's athletics competition

The 1928 Belgium–Netherlands women's athletics competition was an international women's athletics competition on 3 June 1928 at the Sports Parc of Royal Uccle Sport in Brussels, Belgium.

While being held in Belgium, the competition was organized by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation. The competition was the first international competition for Dutch women. It was organized to gain international experience in preparation for the 1928 Summer Olympics.

The competition was won by the Netherlands with 50 points versus Belgium with 40 points. In general, the competition for the Netherlands was seen as a success, although there were also some setbacks. According to the Dutch media, the Belgians performed less well than expected with only setting one Belgian record by discus thrower Jenny Toitgans.

During the competition Lien Gisolf set a new record in the high jump. With a jump over 1.582 metres she beated the old record of Green of 1.55 metres. Besides of that Ter Horst set a new Dutch national record in the 100 metres; Michael’s set a new Dutch record in the discus throw and Jenny Toitgans set a new Belgian record in the discus throw.

For the first time, women's athletic events would be held at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. As the Dutch women's didn't have international experience the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation organized two international competition. This competition against Belgium and a competition against West-Germany to gain the Dutch women international experience. Some athletes were trained ahead of the competition by B. Verwaal. Belgian women already had some international experience as they competed in an international competition organized by the Brussels Femina Club in Brussels at the Josephat Parc against France and Great Britain in 1927.

The competition took place at the Sport Parc of Royal Uccle Sport. The field was was described as not very good being small, with a hard and uneven ground.

In the morning of 3 June the Dutch national team traveled by train to Brussels together with Dutch officials and some supporters. From there the team travelled by car to the Sport Parc of Royal Uccle Sports. Duting the competition the Dutch team wore orange shorts and a white shirt with the Dutch lion.

The competition consisted of 5 events: 100 metres, 800 metres, 4x 100 metres relay, high jump and discus throw. The overall classification is a nation's classification. In the four individual events three athletes of each nation participated. The winner of the event received for the nation 6 points, the number 2 received 5 points, number 3 received 4 points etc. The nation winning the relay event wins 4 points and the other nation received 2 points. For the overall classication all points from each country are added together.

Twelve Dutch athlethes and eleven Belgian athletes were selected by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation and Royal Belgian Athletics League and announced ahead of the competition.
The Dutch Annie de Jong-Zondervan was reserve for the 4x 100 metres relay event but didn't compete.

The competition had Dutch and Belgian jury members including D. J. de Vries, J. M. Hardeman and W. Boer.

The competition started with the 800 metres event. The Belgian Ina Degrande won the race, 10 metres ahead of the the Dutch Jo Mallon. Mallon's performance was praised by the Dutch press. Agaath van Noort did not performed as expected, as she because she was not fit. Out of competition, the Dutch woman Jeanne van Kesteren who lived in Belgium finished second in a time of 2 minues and 46.3 seconds. Van Kesteren was invited for the international competition later the year in Germany and became a reserve athlete for the Netherlands at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The Netherlands won the 800 metres with 13 points, with Belgium scoring 8 points.

The second event was the 100 metres. There were two times a false starts and the starting pistol faltered a few times. Bets ter Horst won the event in a new Dutch national record with a time of 13 seconds. The other two Dutch women finished second and third place. The Dutch former record holder Nettie Grooss finished in third place as she had a bad start, due to the false starts and faltering starter pistol.

The high jump was won by Lien Gisolf in new world. With a jump over 1.582 metres she beated the old record of Green of 1.55 metres.

The duscus throw event was won by the Belgian Jenny Toitgans in a new Belgian record of 30.18 metres. The Dutch women Lena Michaëlis also set a new national record with 26.83 metres. The former official Dutch record was of Martha Kolthoff with 23.84 metres with unrecognized throws of Nici Mür (24.11 metres) and L. Dekens (26.73 metres).

After the Dutch women finished first, second and third in the 100 metres event, the 4x 100 metres relay was according to the Dutch media "obviously" won by the Dutch team. The Dutch team set a time of 55 seconds, finishing 10 metres ahead of the Belgian team.

Spotted crake

The Spotted crake ("Porzana porzana") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Little crake

The Little crake ("Porzana parva") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

First Lord of the Treasury

The First Lord of the Treasury is the head of the commission exercising the ancient office of Lord High Treasurer in the United Kingdom, and is by convention also the prime minister. This office is not equivalent to the usual position of the "treasurer" in other governments; the closer equivalent of a treasurer in the United Kingdom is chancellor of the exchequer, who is the second lord of the Treasury.

The Arab knight (Guillemin)

The Arab knight or Le Chevalier guerrier arabe à cheval is a sculpture bronze equestrian statuette made in 1884 by Émile-Coriolan Guillemin and Alfred Barye.

Guillemin's Arabian Knight, for its beauty and notoriety, saw many non-original copies, both made at the time, in the 1800s, and low-value reproductions and counterfeits, sometimes made in Asia. The original version of the Arab Knight made in France, original of the time, is on the contrary of great historical and artistic value and inestimable.

The work depicts an Arab horseman returning from hunting, a duck and a gazelle clinging to his chair, a rifle slung over his shoulder. It is signed “E. Guillemin and Barye Fils”.

It was exhibited at the Salon in the Louvre in 1884.

At a Sotheby's auction in New York in 2008, "Femme Kabyle d'Algerie and Janissaire du Sultan Mahmoud II" (1967), bronze, by Emile Guillemin was sold for 1,202,500 euros plus auction fees.


The composition of the bronze horse "Arab Rider" was created on the basis of the naturalist movement. The statue is the most important of the so-called "Belle Epoque" in France. The bronze horse is plastic and elegant, with an extraordinary anatomical study showing it in the position in which it finds itself, with the left front leg elegantly raised, where the base of the muscles is stretched and contracted in action. No less important is the delicate sculpture of his heroic knight in which it is necessary to emphasize the incredible precision of the representation of the face, which is accompanied by the movement of the body on the horse.

Orientalism is the Western fascination with exotic continents that became popular during the second half of the XIX century. Romantic portraits of African countries in contemporary literature and art, such as L'Africaine and Aida, foster this exoticism in European art. In the United States, the 1876 "Turkish Bazaar" at the Philadelphia Century Exhibition further increased its appeal with the "Turkish" or "Moorish" theme that persisted until the 1880s. Artists breaking away from the extreme monochrome of the Neoclassicism; making use of various bronzes, marbles, onyx and colored stones dipped in gold and silver, enriching the works of art, while maintaining a great interest in the ethnography of his material.




Femme Kabyle d'Algerie and Janissaire du Sultan Mahmoud II

Femme Kabyle d'Algerie and Janissaire du Sultan Mahmoud II or Kabyle woman from Algeria and Janissary of Sultan Mahmoud II is a sculpture in bronze made in 1884 by Émile-Coriolan Guillemin.

They are representative of the orientalist movement of the second half of the XIX.

"Kabyle Woman of Algeria" and "Janissary of Sultan Mahmoud II" are bronze busts with silver, gold and polychrome patina with hard colored stone cabochons, on Levant marble bases, forming a pair. The female figure is signed "Guillemin/1884", and the male figure is signed "Éle Guillemin".

Émile-Coriolan Guillemin specializes in works inspired by the Middle and Far East. His representations of Indian falconers (in collaboration with Alfred Barye), Turkish, Kurdish, Algerian or Japanese women established his reputation as an Orientalist sculptor of the mid 1870s. He exhibited for the last time at the Salon of 1899 and many of his works were purchased by the State.

The Janissary was a member of an elite military corps, originally made up of prisoners of war, who protected the Ottoman Empire and held a high social position until they were abolished by Sultan Mahmoud II (died 1839). Due to their popularity and political powers, they made an interesting subject for portraiture. The female bust, "Kabyle Woman from Algeria", was exhibited for the first time at the Salon of 1884 with great success. The current pair is an example of the finely detailed polychrome sculpture for which Guillemin was best known.

It was exhibited at the Salon in the Louvre in 1884.

At a Sotheby's auction in New York in 2008, "Female Kabyle of Algeria and Jannisary of Sultan Mahmoud II" (1967), bronze, by Emile Guillemin was sold for 1,202,500 euros plus auction fees.

Orientalism is a movement reflecting the fascination of the West for the exoticism of Eastern lands, which became popular during the second half of the 19th century. Romantic portrayals of African countries in contemporary literature and operas, such as "L'Africaine" and "Aida", have encouraged this exoticism. In the United States, the 1876 Turkish Bazaar at Philadelphia Century Exhibition further heightened the fascination with Turkish or Moorish themes that lasted well into the 1880s. Orientalist themes allowed artists to break free from the monochromy of neo-classicism. Using a range of gilded and silvered bronze, marble, onyx and colored stones, they enrich their work while maintaining a keen ethnographic interest in their models.




Culture of Vietnam

The culture of Vietnam is very diverse. There are many cultures present with influences from many places. Beginning in the Bronze Age, Đông Sơn was an ancestor to Vietnam's ancient history. China ruled large portions of Vietnam during the 1000 years of Northern rule. Because of this, Vietnamese culture was heavily influenced by Chinese culture. Vietnam is often considered part of the East Asian cultural sphere with China, South Korea, North Korea, and Japan.

After gaining independence from China in the 900s, Vietnam expanded to the South into the land of other people groups. This lead various cultural influences. Later, Vietnam became a French colony. Vietnam gained religious and linguistic influences from France.

Characteristics of Vietnamese culture include the following: honoring one's ancestors, respecting the community and the family, manual labor and living at peace with nature.

Striped crake

The striped crake ("Aenigmatolimnas marginalis") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Adam Armstrong (footballer)

Adam Armstrong (born February 10, 1997) is an English professional footballer. He plays as a striker for Premier League club Southampton.

Blackburn Rovers

England U17

England U20

England U21

Individual



Baldwin Locomotive Works

Baldwin Locomotive Works (abbreviated: BLW) was an American manufacturing company of railroad locomotives from 1825 to 1951, originally located in Philadelphia but moving to Eddystone, Pennsylvania, for a long time it was the world's largest producer of steam locomotives, after the success of diesel locomotives began in the demand for them, in 1951 it would produce its last of 70,000 locomotives before merging with Lima-Hamilton to make way for the Baldwin-Lima-Hamilton Corporation.



Shina people

The Shina, Shin or Gilgiti are a Dardic ethnic group who live in Gilgit-Baltistan region of northern Pakistan. They live in the Gilgit region, while Baltis live in the Baltistan region. They speak Shina which is a Dardic language. The Shina migrated from Central Asia to South Asia during the second millennium BC. Some live in India, but they are still Muslims like the ones in Pakistan.

Turvali

The Turvali or Turwal (Torwali/Pashto: توروال) are a Dardic tribe who live in Swat District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. They mostly live in the capital, Bahrain. They speak the Dardic language, Torwali. Some are Sunni Muslims while others are Shia.

María Eugenia Suárez

María Eugenia Suárez Riveiro (Born, March 9, 1992) also known as Eugenia Suárez or China Suárez is an Argentine actress, singer, model and fashion designer.

She was born on March 9, 1992 in the city of Buenos Aires, the daughter of Guillermo Suárez and Marcela Riveiro Mitsumori. She has an older brother, Agustín. On the paternal side of her family, she has Spanish ancestry, from Galicia and Catalonia, while on her maternal side she has Japanese ancestry, from the Prefecture of Kōchi, since her maternal grandmother, Marta Mitsumori, is the daughter of Japanese immigrants born in Argentina. 

It is because of her Japanese roots that she is affectionately called "China", because according to Suárez herself, "Japonesa" was a very long nickname for her.

In July 2013, she gave birth to her first daughter, Rufina Cabré Suárez, with her partner at the time, the Argentine actor Nicolás Cabré, In November 2013, she separated from the actor.

In February 2018 she had her second daughter, Magnolia Vicuña Suárez, with Chilean actor Benjamín Vicuña. In July 2020 her third child was born, and second with Benjamín Vicuña, Amancio Vicuña Suárez. In August In 2021, Suárez broke off her relationship with the actor after six years.
Come Dance with Me (TV series)

Come Dance with Me is an American reality television dance competition show. It premiered on CBS on April 15, 2022. 

The show pairs young dancers with a family member that has supported their training. The pair will perform a dance together for a panel of judges before choosing who goes to the next round. The show was created by LL Cool J, Chris O'Donnell, and Reinout Oerlemans.

Government of Argentina

The Government of Argentina is a representative, republican and federal democracy. It is guided by the current constitution. The President of Argentina is both the head of the country and head of the government. Executive power is exercised by the President.

Argentina was formed by the federative union of the provinces that emerged after the dissolution of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, and by the incorporation of those that were constituted from the national territories established as a result of the conquest of large territories natives. 

Due to the federal nature of its political organization, Argentina has two parallel government structures: on the one hand, the national structure, with its three powers, and on the other hand the 23 provincial structures -which pre-exist the Nation- plus that of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires, which have autonomy and are governed by three powers in each case.

The authorities of the federal government have their headquarters in the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires. It is currently the "Capital of the Republic" or "Capital of the Nation", denominations used in the national Constitution and in the federalization law, but called the usual way Capital Federal.

Wong Kito Galo

Wong Kito Galo is a clump of ethnicities (nation) in the southeastern region of the Sumatra island which consists of various ethnic groups and speaks languages belonging to the Music language family. 

Etymologically, the ""Wong Kito Galo"" is directly taken from Palembang language which means "shared community" literally, it can be interpreted similarly to the concept of "Bhinneka Tunggal Ika". 

This family (nation) is classified using the primordial method; where kinship ties, similarities between ethnicities, origin places, linguistic and customs are the benchmark factors in the classification.

Some of the ethnic groups included in the "Wong Kito Galo" family are: 

List of Greek states, dynasties, countries and territories

This list is a list of Greek states, dynasties, countries and territories.

 also known as Eastern Roman Empire or Roman Empire 


Cool for the Summer

"Cool for the Summer" is a 2015 single by Demi Lovato and was released as the lead single to the 2015 album "Confident". It went to number one in Greece, Israel and went to top 10 in Czech Republic, Lebanon, New Zealand, Scotland, the United Kingdom and went to top 20 in Australia, Canada, Ireland, Slovakia, Spain and the United States.





Laurita Fernández

Laura Inés Fernández (Born, December 18, 1990), better known as Laurita Fernández, is an Argentine dancer, choreographer, host, model and actress.

She is mainly known for her participation in Showmatch, for hosting the youth program Combate, and being the host with the journalist Ángel de Brito in Cantando 2020 on El Trece.

She was born and raised in the neighborhood of Mataderos, Buenos Aires, in a house on Fonrouge and Alberdi, together with her parents, Carlos Fernández and Inés Stork Banquer, and her younger sister, Gabriela. After the separation of her parents, she went to live with her mother in Liniers.

Screaming Eggs

Screaming Eggs is a 1999 live-action/animated short film the final episode of the From Merrie Melodies series. It was released on Warner Bros. Animation theatrical on February 12, 1999. This is last movie directed by Chuck Jones about foods getting killed by humans. This film is about a carton of anthropomorphic talking eggs getting killed by Bob Jennigs and Mel Blanc (archival recording) by crack and frying them.

A carton of eggs realize that life isn't all it's cracked up to be.

Goldsboro, Maryland

Goldsboro is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Greensboro, Maryland

Greensboro is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Henderson, Maryland

Henderson is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Hillsboro, Maryland

Hillsboro is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Ministry of Defense (Argentina)

The Ministry of Defense (; MINDEF) is an agency of the Government of Argentina that assists and advises the President of the Argentine Nation in everything related to national defense and the Armed Forces.

It was created on June 13, 1958 with the promulgation of the Law of the National Congress called "Ministries" which was taken from the antecedent of the Ministry of Defense that Juan Domingo Perón had created and that was suppressed in 1954.

The current Minister of Defense is Jorge Taiana, appointed by President Alberto Fernández on August 10, 2021.


List of programs broadcast by Nick at Nite

The following is a list of programs broadcast by the American nighttime block Nick at Nite.


Occasionally, episodes have aired regularly or as marathons during Nick at Nite special events in the 1990s and 2000s. This has also occurred during crossovers with Nickelodeon special programming where the Nickelodeon programming runs into the regular Nick at Nite timeslot. A 30-year reunion special of "Double Dare" aired on November 23, 2016. Regular marathons occur on Nick at Nite. Usually when a show debuts, it receives an all-night or a week-long marathon. Seasonal marathons also occur for holidays such as Valentine's Day, St. Patrick's Day, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Halloween, Thanksgiving, and Christmas.

On June 17, 2019, Nick at Nite aired a simulcast of the 2019 MTV Movie & TV Awards for the first time, along with many of its sister networks. On August 26, it also aired a simulcast of the 2019 MTV Video Music Awards for the first time. In December 2019, Nick at Nite began airing a marathon of "Friends" to celebrate the show's 25 year anniversary since its finale throughout half of Nick at Nite's regular programming time. Nick at Nite aired a simulcast of the widely distributed "" on April 18, 2020.


 Indicates program that had also been broadcast on Nickelodeon.<br>

Trolls: The Beat Goes On!

Trolls: The Beat Goes On! is an American animated streaming television series produced by DreamWorks Animation. 


"Trolls: The Beat Goes On! - Seasons 1 - 4", containing all of the episodes from seasons 1–4, was released on DVD on May 7, 2019, by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment.


From Genesis to Revelation

From Genesis to Revelation is the debut studio album by Genesis. The album was released on March 7, 1969.

Systematic element name

Systematic names is of IUPAC naming of discovered elements like element 106 and beyond. nil=0 un=1 bi=2 tri=3 quad=4 pent=5 hex=6 sept=7 oct=8 enn=9 like element 110's older name which was ununnilium and that means 110, same story for 118 ununoctium means 118

Alpha Coronae Borealis

Alpha Coronae Borealis or Alphecca is the brightest star in the constellation Corona Borealis. It is a binary star in which a yellow star like our Sun orbits a larger white one.

1928 Germany–Netherlands women's athletics competition

The 1928 Germany–Netherlands women's athletics competition was an international women's athletics competition on 24 June 1928 in Lennep (near Elberfeld), Germany.

The competition was the second international competition for Dutch women after the 1928 Belgium–Netherlands women's athletics competition three weeks earlier. The competition was organized as a "try-out" for the Olympics but moreover to gain international experience in preparation for the 1928 Summer Olympics.

The competition was won by the Netherlands with 48 points versus Germany with 42 points. 

For the first time, women's athletic events would be held at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. As the Dutch women's didn't have international experience the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation organized two international competition. Two international competitions that included the 5 Olympic events for women were organised to gain the international experience. The coach of the team was B. Verwaal.

On 24 June, the day of the competition, the Dutch national athletes travelled by train to Oberhousen together with coach B. Verwaal and jury members J. M. Hardeman and D. J. de Vries.

The competition consisted of 5 events: 100 metres, 800 metres, 4x 100 metres relay, high jump and discus throw. The overall classification is a nation's classification. In the four individual events three athletes of each nation participated. The winner of the event received for the nation 6 points, the number 2 received 5 points, number 3 received 4 points etc. The nation winning the relay event wins 4 points and the other nation received 2 points. For the overall classication all points from each country are added together.

The Twelve Dutch athlethes were selected by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation and announced ahead of the competition.

The competition had Dutch and German jury members including from the Netherlands D. J. de Vries and J. M. Hardeman.

The competition was opened with a presentation of the teams followed with speaches of the mayor of Lennep, representatives of the Westdeutscher Spiel-Verband and a reply of D. J. de Vries.

There was a head wind during the 100 metres. Just as at the 1928 Belgium–Netherlands women's athletics competition‎, the three Dutchwomen won the event. Now with Nettie Grooss, who had in bad start in the Belgian competition, in first place. In different sources the places of German women are in different positions.

The 800 metres event was won by German Elfriede Werner. The Dutch Jo Mallon who finished second also recieived tribute in the newspaper about her time.

World champion Lien Gisolf won the high jump event after jumping 1.45 metres. After this result the high jump event stopped, while Gisolf might have been able to jump higher.

Grete Heublein won the discus throw event ahead of Hilde Krewett and Lena Michaëlis. Different newspapers lists different distances. Below are the results listed of newspaper Het Vaderland, as in other sources the distance of the 6th place is further compared to the 5th place and so unlikely to be correct.

The Kid Laroi

Charlton Kenneth Jeffrey Howard (born 17 August 1963/1975/2003), known professionally as the Kid Laroi, is an Australian rapper and singer. He is the winner of many awards, including two ARIA Music Awards, five "Billboard" Music Awards, an iHeartRadio Music Award, and nominations for two Grammy Awards and three MTV Video Music Awards.

Howard began to record rap music over beats on his mother's phone and uploading them to SoundCloud. In an interview with Triple J, Howard said that the first rap name he gave himself was "FC6". In 2015, Howard formed the duo "Dream$Team" with Adelaide rapper DJ Marcus Jr., who became his mentor and support. They recorded songs together and performed to local audiences as DJ Marcus Jr. guided him through promoting, recording and developing buzz.

Beast (2022 American movie)

Beast is a 2022 American survival thriller movie directed by Baltasar Kormákur from a screenplay by Ryan Engle. It is based on a story by Jaime Primak Sullivan. The movie stars Idris Elba, Sharlto Copley, Iyana Halley, Leah Sava Jeffries, and Riley Keough.

"Beast" was released in the United States on August 19, 2022, by Universal Pictures.

Mickey Mouse (TV series)

Mickey Mouse is an American animated comedy television series produced by Disney Television Animation.







As of March 2014, a total of 100 million viewers in the United States had seen the series. It was broadcast in 160 countries. As of June 2014, the show, translated in 34 languages, had reached over 135 million viewers worldwide.

A Mickey Mouse-themed attraction, titled "Mickey & Minnie's Runaway Railway", replaced The Great Movie Ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios at Walt Disney World in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. This attraction was also announced to open at the Mickey's Toontown section of Disneyland at the Disneyland Resort for a planned 2023 opening date in Anaheim, California. The attraction is the third Mickey Mouse-themed attraction at any Disney property worldwide, only behind The Mickey Mouse Revue and Mickey's Philharmagic, directly based on the series and involves guests watching the premiere of a new Mickey Mouse cartoon and then entering the cartoon itself. The show's creative team, including Paul Rudish, Joseph Holt and composer Christopher Willis, collaborated with Walt Disney Imagineering to create the attraction, which opened on March 4, 2020, at Disney's Hollywood Studios.


Blackslough

Blackslough is a forest and former village on a hill near Wincanton in Somerset. The area has also been called, Blackslough Wood, or Black Slough. In the wood their used to be a farm called Blackslough Farm and a lodge called Blackslough Lodge. Blackslough is now deserted and nobody lives there, there is also almost no proof that the settlement existed. Blackslough is near the mouth of a small stream. The area is now filled with paths, fences and a gate to the former farmland.

Telebimbi

Telebimbi is a Canadian Category B-exempt Italian language specialty channel owned by TLN Media Group. Telebimbi broadcasts for children in addition to select family-oriented programming.

Telebimbi broadcasts programming for kids of all ages, as well as family-oriented programming.



Trailer Horn

Trailer Horn is a 1950 animated short film featuring Donald Duck and Chip 'n' Dale. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.


The short was released on December 11, 2007 on "".


Mumble rap

Mumble rap (also referred to as "melodic rap") is a loosely defined subgenre of hip hop that became popular in the mid-2010s. The term is a derogatory term for "melodic rap" which implies a mumbling or unclear vocal delivery by artists, and is used to describe rappers that predominantly use autotune around their vocals. It may generally refer to rappers who do not share the genre's traditional emphasis on lyricism. A notable mumble rapper is Future.

The Chicken Squad

The Chicken Squad is an American computer-animated children's television series. It was created by Tom Rogers that premiered on Disney Junior on May 14, 2021. It is based on the books written by Doreen Cronin. The series features the voices of Yvette Nicole Brown, Ramone Hamilton, Gabriella Graves and Maxwell Simkins. The series theme song is performed by former "Kids Incorporated" star Renee Sands.

Univision Tlnovelas

Univision tlnovelas is an American Spanish language cable television network. It broadcasts telenovelas. The channel is owned by TelevisaUnivision USA. It was launched on March 1, 2012.



Ecuador slender-legged tree frog

The Ecuador slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus verruciger") is a frog. It lives Ecuador and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 1400 and 2000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 44.3–53.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 45.5–70.0 mm long. The male frog has olive colored skin on its back. The female frog has dark brown skin on its back. The place where the legs meet the body and the upper front legs are dark brown. There is dark red-brown color on the feet. The throat is cream in color. The belly is red-bronze in color with dark brown marks.

This frog lives in secondary forest on rainy mountains and in open areas.

VIETV

VIETV is an American Vietnamese-language broadcast television network based in Houston, Texas. The network began broadcasting over-the-air in Houston in 2011.

It has since started affiliates broadcasting in Los Angeles, California, Orange County, California, San Francisco, California, San Jose, California, Dallas, Texas, Atlanta, Georgia, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Boston, Massachusetts, and Washington, D.C. The Houston, Dallas, Los Angeles, and San Jose affiliates are also available in live streaming video on the Vietv.com website. The network has created the UNO IP IPTV set-top box for viewing their content on televisions outside their broadcast area.
VIETV has six studios. This includes their headquarters in Houston and locations in Southern California, Northern California, Boston, and Philadelphia. Original programming on VIETV includes the "Evening NEWS" and "NEWS @ Nite" programs, the "It's Your Birthday" children's show, "Cooking with Chef Cam-Yuet", "Beauty by Tiffani", "World Travel", and "The Law & Legal Issues", hosted by VIETV president Robert Pham.

Barney and the Backyard Gang

Barney and the Backyard Gang (also known as Barney) is an American live action animated television series that aired from August 29, 1988 to August 1, 1991. It started as a series of home videos and then in 1991, Barney and Friends began production. The home videos were filmed in Allen, Texas in the 80s to Dallas, Texas. In 1991, Barney and The Backyard Gang performed at The Majestic Theater Dallas. The Backyard Gang kids are Michael, Amy, Lucy, Tina, Jason, (replaced by Derek) and Adam (replaced by Jeffrey in one (episode).

The show aired on Disney Channel for it's Lunch Box Program in 1990. Three of the videotapes were also broadcasted on Nickelodeon.

DisneyNow

DisneyNow (stylized as DisneyNOW) is a TV Everywhere app for Disney Channel, Disney Junior, and Disney XD. It launched on September 29, 2017.
With the launch of the subscription streaming service Disney+ in November 2019, Disney began to remove library content from DisneyNow including "Mickey Mouse Clubhouse", "That's So Raven", "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody", "Phineas and Ferb", "Gravity Falls", "Amphibia, The Proud Family", and "Andi Mack", as well as older seasons of shows like "Raven's Home", "Bunk'd", "Big City Greens", and "DuckTales" in order to encourage subscription to the service. 


N/A

Smokeless tobacco

Smokeless tobacco is a tobacco product that is used in ways other than smoking. Their use includes chewing, sniffing, or placing the product between gum and the cheek or lip. Smokeless tobacco products are produced in various forms, such as chewing tobacco, snuff, snus, and dissolvable tobacco products. Smokeless tobacco products typically contain over 3000 constituents. All smokeless tobacco products contain nicotine and are highly addictive because of this. Quitting smokeless tobacco use is as difficult as quitting normal smoking.

TV Everywhere

TV Everywhere (also known as authenticated streaming or authenticated video on-demand) is a type of subscription business model.

1929 Netherlands–Germany women's athletics competition

The 1929 Netherlands–Germany women's athletics competition was an international women's athletics competition on 14 July 1929 in Gouda, the Netherlands. The athletes from Germany were from West-Germany.

The competition was won by the Netherlands with 45.4 points versus Germany with 40.5 points.

During the competition Heublein set a new world record in shot put. Three Dutch national records were broken, in the 80 m hurdles by Annie de Jong-Zondervan; in the javelin throw by Leny Rombout and in the 4x 100 metres relay.

The competition consisted of 8 individual events and a relay event. The overall classification is a nation's classification. In the individual events two athletes of each nation participated. The winner of the event received for the most points, with every other place one point less. For the overall classication, all points scored by the athlete from each country are added together.

The Dutch athlethes selected by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation, and the West-German athletes were announced ahead of the competition.

In "italic" the athletes that were not at this entrants list, but are in the final results.

Philo (company)

Philo (formerly Tivli) is an American internet television company currently based in San Francisco, California.


Raul Nicolau Gonçalves

Archbishop Raul Nicolau Gonçalves (15 June 1927 – 1 July 2022) was an Indian prelate. He was the first Catholic Goan to be Archbishop of Goa and Patriarch of the East Indies.

He was the archbishop emeritus of Goa.

Richard Taruskin

Richard Filler Taruskin (April 2, 1945 – July 1, 2022) was an American musicologist and music critic. He was the best known music historians of his generation. He wrote for "The New York Times". He is best known for his survey of Western classical music, the six-volume "Oxford History of Western Music". He also won the Kyoto Prize in 2017.

Taruskin died from esophageal cancer at a hospital in Oakland, California, on July 1, 2022, aged 77.

Alain de Cadenet

Alain de Cadenet (27 November 1945 – 2 July 2022) was an English television presenter and racing driver. He was known for racing in 15 24 Hours of Le Mans races during the 1970s and 1980s. He came in third place in 1976.

De Cadenet died on 2 July 2022 from bile duct cancer, aged 76.

Miguel Etchecolatz

Miguel Osvaldo Etchecolatz (1 May 1929 – 2 July 2022) was a Argentine police officer. He worked in the Buenos Aires Provincial Police during the first years of the military dictatorship of the 1970s. Etchecolatz was involved in the National Reorganization Process ("El proceso"). He was first convicted in 1986 of crimes committed during this period. He was known for being part of mass murders during the Dirty War.

Jane Garrett

Jane Furneaux Garrett (16 March 1973 – 2 July 2022) was an Australian politician. She was the Labor Party member for Brunswick in the Victorian Legislative Assembly from 2010 until 2018. She later became a member of the Victorian Legislative Council representing Eastern Victoria.

In November 2016, Garrett was diagnosed with breast cancer. She died in Melbourne, Australia on 2 July 2022 from the disease, aged 49.

Discovery Life

Discovery Life is an American cable television network owned by Warner Bros. Discovery.

Laurent Noël

Laurent Noël (March 19, 1920 – July 2, 2022) was a Canadian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was bishop of Diocese of Trois-Rivières from 1975 to 1996. Noël was born in Saint-Just-de-Bretenières, Quebec. He became a priest in 1944. 

After the death of Damián Iguacén Borau on 24 November 2020, he became the oldest living Catholic bishop. After the death of Remi De Roo on 1 February 2022, he became the last surviving Canadian bishop to be part of the Second Vatican Council.

Saúl Rivero

Saúl Lorenzo Rivero Rocha (23 July 1954 – 2 July 2022) was a Uruguayan football player and manager. He played as a midfielder. Rivero made nine appearances for the Uruguay national team from 1974 to 1976.

Leonid Shvartsman

Leonid Aronovich Shvartsman (born Izrail Aronovich Shvartsman, ; 30 August 1920 – 2 July 2022) was a Soviet and Russian animator and visual artist. He was known for his works in "Cheburashka", "38 Parrots", "The Golden Antelope", "The Scarlet Flower" and "The Snow Queen".

Shvartsman died on 2 July 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 101.

Irving Abella

Irving Martin Abella (July 2, 1940 – July 3, 2022) was a Canadian historian. He was a professor at York University from 1968 to 2013. His works focused in the history of the Jews in Canada and the Canadian labour movement.

Abella died on July 3, 2022, one day after his 82nd birthday.

Robert Curl

Robert Floyd Curl Jr. (August 23, 1933 – July 3, 2022) was an American chemist. He was a professor of Natural Sciences and Professor of Chemistry at Rice University. He won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1996 for the discovery of the nanomaterial buckminsterfullerene.

Curl died in Houston, Texas on July 3, 2022, at the age of 88.

Ni Kuang

Ni Cong (30 May 1935 – 3 July 2022), courtesy name Yiming, better known by his pen name Ni Kuang (also romanised Ngai Hong, I Kuang and Yi Kuang), was a Hong Kong novelist and screenwriter. He wrote over 300 Chinese-language novels, and more than 400 movie scripts. His best known movies were "One-Armed Swordsman" (1967) and "The Seventh Curse" (1986). He was born in Shanghai.

Ni died on 3 July 2022 in Hong Kong from skin cancer, aged 87.

Ministry of Security (Argentina)

The Ministry of Security is a public body in charge of planning national internal security policies and managing and coordinating federal forces.

It was created by decree of the Executive Power of the Nation on December 10, 2010, after separating from the Ministry of Justice. It is currently directed by Aníbal Fernández.

The ministry is in charge of the Argentine Federal Police, the Airport Security Police, the Federal Council for Internal Security, the Argentine Naval Prefecture and the Argentine National Gendarmerie.

Sérgio Paulo Rouanet

Sérgio Paulo Rouanet (23 February 1934 – 3 July 2022) was a Brazilian politician, philosopher, essayist, and scholar. He was the Secretary of Culture between 1991 and 1992. Rouanet was a member of the Brazilian Academy of Letters from 1992 to his death. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Rouanet died from problems caused by Parkinson's disease on 3 July 2022, in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 88.

Barbara Freitag

Barbara Freitag-Rouanet (born 26 November 1941) is a German-born Brazilian sociologist, author, and academic. She works at Universidade de Brasília.

Sergey Sosnovsky

Sergey Valentinovich Sosnovsky (; 1 January 1955 – 3 July 2022) was a Soviet and Russian actor. He was honored with the People's Artist of Russia in 2004. He appeared in 100 movies. His best known roles were in "To Live", "Metro", "The Factory", "One Breath" and "Doctor Lisa".
Sosnovsky died on 3 July 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 67.

Polar Trappers

Polar Trappers is a 1938 Donald Duck and Goofy cartoon set in the South Pole, where the duo are trapping polar animals (or at least, attempting to). This is the first cartoon where Donald Duck and Goofy appear without Mickey Mouse.

Ye Olden Days

Ye Olden Days is a 1933 animated short film.

It was released as part of the "Mickey Mouse" film series. It was directed by Burt Gillett and produced by Walt Disney. It was the 55th Mickey Mouse short film, and the fifth of that year. 1991 the walt disney company.


Dusky moorhen

The Dusky moorhen ("Gallinula tenebrosa") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Water rail

The Water rail ("Rallus aquaticus") is a bird in the Rallidae family.

Alan Blaikley

Alan Tudor Blaikley (23 March 1940 – 4 July 2022) was an English songwriter and composer. He was best known for writing the UK number one singles "Have I the Right?" and "The Legend of Xanadu". He also wrote the theme music for the BBC's long-running series of Agatha Christie's "Miss Marple".

Remco Campert

Remco Campert (28 July 1929 – 4 July 2022) was a Dutch author, poet and columnist. Between 1949 and 1952 Campert drew cartoons for the Dutch magazine "Mandrill" and "Het Parool" and in the 1970s for "Haagse Post". In 1979 he drew comics for NRC Handelsblad.


Hank Goldberg

Henry Edward Goldberg (July 4, 1940 – July 4, 2022) was an American sports radio and television personality. He was the radio color commentator for the Miami Dolphins from 1978 to 1992. He also worked at WIOD, WTVJ and ESPN in 1993.

Goldberg died at his home in Las Vegas, Nevada on July 4, 2022 from kidney failure and diabetes on his 82nd birthday.

Paolo Grossi (judge)

Paolo Grossi (29 January 1933 – 4 July 2022) was an Italian politician and lawyer. He was President of the Constitutional Court of Italy between 24 February 2016 and 23 February 2018. Grossi was a judge on the Court from 23 February 2009 to 23 February 2018. Grossi was born in Florence, Italy.

Grossi died on 4 July 2022 in Florence, aged 89.

Mona Hammond

Mona Hammond (born Mavis Chin; 1 January 1931 – 4 July 2022) was a Jamaican-British actress. She was the co-founder of the Talawa Theatre Company. She was best known for her work on British television and played Blossom Jackson in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders".

Hammond was made an OBE in the 2005 Queen's Birthday Honours List.

Hammond died on 4 July 2022, at the age of 91.

Cláudio Hummes

Cláudio Hummes, OFM (; born Auri Alfonso Hummes; 8 August 1934 – 4 July 2022) was a Brazilian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was prefect of the Congregation for the Clergy from 2006 to 2010. He was the Archbishop of Fortaleza from 1996 to 1998 and Archbishop of São Paulo from 1998 to 2006. He became a cardinal in 2001.

Hummes died on 4 July 2022 in São Paulo, Brazil from lung cancer. He was 87.

Janusz Kupcewicz

Janusz Bogdan Kupcewicz (9 December 1955 – 4 July 2022) was a Polish professional footballer. He played as a midfielder. He was seen as one of the best Polish players during his time. He played with the Poland national football team from 1976 to 1983, making twenty appearances. He played for the team during the 1982 World Cup.

Kupcewicz died on 4 July 2022 in Gdańsk, Poland from a stroke caused by diabetes at the age of 66.

Mohammed Barkindo

Mohammed Sanusi Barkindo (20 April 1959 – 5 July 2022) was a Nigerian politician. From 1 August 2016 until his death, he was the Secretary General of OPEC.

Barkindo died on 5 July 2022 in Abuja, Nigeria from a heart attack at the age of 63.

Abdallah Salem el-Badri

Abdalla Salem el-Badri (born 25 May 1940) is a Libyan politician. He was Chairman of the National Oil Corporation (NOC), Minister of Petroleum, Minister of Energy, Minister of Management, and Deputy Prime Minister. He was also the longest-serving Secretary General of OPEC being in the role in 1994 and then 2007 to 2016.

Subroto (politician)

Subroto (19 September 1923 – 20 December 2022) was an Indonesian politician and economist. He was the Minister of Energy and Natural Resources between 1978 and 1988, and Secretary General of OPEC between 1988 and 1994.

Subroto died on 20 December 2022, at the age of 99.

OPEC siege

On December 21, 1975, six military officials attacked a meeting of OPEC leaders in Vienna, Austria. The attackers took more than 60 hostages after killing an Austrian policeman, an Iraqi OPEC security officer, and a Libyan economist. Many other individuals were wounded. 

The self-named "Arm of the Arab Revolution" group was led by Carlos the Jackal. The siege caused in complex diplomatic negotiations. It ended two days later, after flights to Algiers and Tripoli, with all the hostages and terrorists walking away from the situation. 

Since this was one of the first times that Arab states were targeted by terrorists also led to them being more active in antiterrorism efforts at the United Nations. 

Manny Charlton

Manuel Charlton (25 July 1941 – 5 July 2022) was a Scottish hard rock guitarist. He was the founding member of the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth and was their lead guitarist from 1968 to 1990.

Charlton died on 5 July 2022 at the age of 80.


Richard J. Bernstein

Richard Jacob Bernstein (May 14, 1932 – July 4, 2022) was an American philosopher and academic. He taught at The New School for Social Research. He wrote about American pragmatism, neopragmatism, critical theory, deconstruction, social philosophy, political philosophy, and Hermeneutics. 

Bernstein died in New York City on July 4, 2022 at the age of 90.

Chris Chittell

Christopher John Chittell (born 19 May 1948) is an English actor, known for portraying the role of Eric Pollard in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale", which he has played continuously since 1986. He is the longest-serving cast member in the shows history.

Bryan Marchment

Bryan William Marchment (May 1, 1969 – July 6, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played in the National Hockey League for the Winnipeg Jets, Chicago Blackhawks, Hartford Whalers, Edmonton Oilers, Tampa Bay Lightning, San Jose Sharks, Colorado Avalanche, Toronto Maple Leafs, and Calgary Flames between 1989 and 2006.

Marchment died on July 6, 2022, in Montreal, Canada at the age of 53.

Arnaldo Pambianco

Arnaldo Pambianco (16 August 1935 – 6 July 2022) was an Italian professional road racing cyclist. He won in the 1961 Giro d'Italia. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics and came in seventh place.

Bertinoro

Bertinoro () is a town and "comune" in the province of Forlì-Cesena, Emilia-Romagna (Italy). It is located on hill Mount Cesubeo, in Romagna.

Blacktip reef shark

The blacktip reef shark ("Carcharhinus melanopterus") is a species of shark, in the family Carcharhinidae. They live in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. They are found in shallow, inshore waters. They are usually .

Good Morning, Mickey!

Good Morning, Mickey! is an American animated television series produced by Walt Disney Television Animation. It was first aired on April 18, 1983 when Disney Channel was launched. It was one of the Disney Channel's first original programs, and the first program to air at the channel's launch. It featured Disney animated shorts. Although Mickey Mouse shorts were the primary programming, additional cartoons featuring Goofy, Donald Duck, Chip 'n' Dale, Pluto, and others were also shown. Its time-slot for its early run was at 7 a.m. Eastern/Pacific Time, making it the first program of The Disney Channel's 16 (later 18) hour programming day. Later on, its time-slot was changed to 7:30 a.m. ET/PT, making it the second program of the channel's programming day. A similar show that premiered later on The Disney Channel was "Donald Duck Presents". "Good Morning, Mickey!" was replaced by "Mickey's Mouse Tracks" in 1992.
This show was released on VHS PAL in the UK as part of a six-volume set which also each featured an episode of "Welcome to Pooh Corner", "The Mouse Factory", "Donald Duck Presents" and "Mousercise". Each tape contained one Disney cartoon short.


Kazuki Takahashi

On July 6, 2022, Takahashi was found dead off the shore of Nago, Japan. Takahashi had been wearing snorkeling gear at the time of his death. It was discovered that he was attacked by a Blacktip reef shark and drowned on July 4, 2022.

İlter Türkmen

İlter Türkmen (8 November 1927 – 6 July 2022) was a Turkish politician. He was born in Istanbul, Turkey. He was the minister of foreign affairs from 1980 to 1983.

Türkmen died on 6 July 2022 in Istanbul at the age of 94.

Jim Van Pelt

James S. Van Pelt (November 11, 1935 – July 2, 2022) was an American and Canadian Football player. He played at the quarterback position for the University of Michigan from 1955 to 1957. He played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the Canadian Football League in 1958 and 1959. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Van Pelt died on July 2, 2022 in Winnetka, Illinois from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease at the age of 86.

Tricia (elephant)

Tricia (24 January 1957 – 6 July 2022) was an Asian elephant. She lived at the Perth Zoo in Perth, Western Australia. She lived to be one of the oldest Asian elephants in the world. Tricia was born in Saigon.

Tricia died on 6 July 2022 at the Perth Zoo at the age of 65.

July–September 2022 Conservative Party leadership election

The July - September 2022 Conservative Party leadership election was to elect Boris Johnson's successor as leader of the Conservative Party.
After the government crisis Johnson announced his resignation on 7 July 2022.
The election was held between 12 July 2022 and 5 September 2022. Liz Truss won and became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

The following MPs announced that they would seek the leadership of the Conservative Party but subsequently did not stand, or withdrew from the race, due to insufficient support or other reasons before the first ballot was cast:
The following Conservative Party politicians publicly ruled themselves out of standing:

Nadhim Zahawi

Nadhim Zahawi (; born 2 June 1967) is an Iraqi-born British politician who was recently Chairman of the Conservative Party and Minister without Portfolio from 25 October 2022 to 29 January 2023. He was the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster from 6 September to 25 October 2022. He was the Chancellor of the Exchequer from July 2022 to September 2022. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Stratford-on-Avon since 2010.

Zahawi was Secretary of State for Education from 2021 to 2022 and Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for COVID-19 Vaccine Deployment from 2020 to 2021.

In July 2022, Zahawi announced his candidacy to be Leader of the Conservative Party in the leadership race to replace Boris Johnson. He was eliminated from the election in the first round of voting on 13 July.

Suella Braverman

Sue-Ellen Cassiana "Suella" Braverman (; born 3 April 1980) is a British politician and lawyer. She has been the Home Secretary from 25 October 2022 until 13 November 2023. She was in the same role before under Liz Truss from 6 September to 14 October 2022. She was the Attorney General for England and Wales from 2020 to 2022. She has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Fareham since 2015. She is a member of the Conservative Party.

In July 2022, Braverman announced her candidacy for Leader of the Conservative Party in the leadership election to replace Boris Johnson. She was eliminated in the sound round of voting on 14 July 2022.

Braverman resigned as Home Secretary on 19 October 2022. She said this was because she had made an "honest mistake" by sharing an official document from her personal email address with a colleague in Parliament. In her resignation letter she criticized the leadership of Truss. When Rishi Sunak replaced Truss as prime minister, he picked Braverman as Home Secretary again.

Jake Berry

Sir James Jacob Gilchrist Berry (born 29 December 1978) is a British Conservative Party politician and former solicitor who was Chairman of the Conservative Party and Minister without Portfolio from 6 September to 25 October 2022. He was Minister for the Northern Powerhouse, from 2017 to 2020, in the governments of Theresa May and Boris Johnson.

He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Rossendale and Darwen since 2010.

Grant Shapps

Grant Shapps (born 14 September 1968) is a British politician for the Conservative Party who has been the Secretary of State for Defence since 31 August 2023. He was the Home Secretary from 19 October 2022 to 25 October 2022. He has also been a Member of Parliament (MP) for Welwyn Hatfield since 2005.

In July 2022, Shapps unsuccessfully ran to be Leader of the Conservative Party in the leadership race to replace Boris Johnson.

Steve Barclay

Stephen Paul Barclay (born 3 May 1972) is a British politician who is the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs since November 2023. He was previously the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care from 25 October 2022 until 13 November 2023 in the Rishi Sunak government. 

Barclay was Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union from 2018 to 2020, Chief Secretary to the Treasury from 2020 to 2021, Minister for the Cabinet Office and Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster from 2021 to 2022, and Downing Street Chief of Staff from 5 February 2022 until 5 July 2022. He was the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care from 7 July 2022 until 6 September 2022. 

He is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been Member of Parliament (MP) for North East Cambridgeshire since 2010.

Tobias Ellwood

Tobias Martin Ellwood (born 12 August 1966) is a British Conservative Party politician, soldier and author. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Bournemouth East since 2005.

On 2 February 2022, Ellwood stated he would be sending the 1922 Committee a letter of no confidence in Boris Johnson.

2022 Karakalpak protests

Protests broke out in the autonomous region of Karakalpakstan in Uzbekistan on 1 July 2022 over proposed amendments by Shavkat Mirziyoyev, the Uzbek President, to the Constitution of Uzbekistan. The proposed change would have ended Karakalpakstan's status as an autonomous region of Uzbekistan and right to leave Uzbekistan.

Karakalpakstan

Karakalpakstan is an autonomous republic within Uzbekistan. It is in the northwestern part of Uzbekistan. The capital is Nukus.

Nukus

Nukus ( / ; / ; / ) is the sixth-largest city in Uzbekistan and the capital of the autonomous Republic of Karakalpakstan. The population of Nukus as of January 1, 2022 was 329,100.

2022 New South Wales floods

Heavy flooding in the Central Coast and Sydney areas of New South Wales, Australia, began in early July 2022. Around 85,000 people were quickly forced out of their homes by the flooding. 

2022 Copenhagen mall shooting

On 3 July 2022, a mass shooting happened at the Field's shopping mall in Copenhagen, Denmark. It killed three people and critically wounded four others. The perpetrator, a Danish man, had a history of mental illness. The mass shooting is the first in Denmark since the 2015 Copenhagen shootings.

Lysychansk

Lysychansk ( ; ) is a city in the Sievierodonetsk Raion of the Luhansk Oblast in Ukraine.

UEFA Women's Euro 2022

The 2022 UEFA European Women's Football Championship, commonly called UEFA Women's Euro 2022 or simply WEURO 2022, was the 13th UEFA Women's Championship, an international football championship organised by UEFA for the women's national teams of Europe. The tournament was hosted by England and was first going to happen from 7 July to 1 August 2021. However, after the COVID-19 pandemic, the tournament was rescheduled and happened from 6 to 31 July 2022. England won the tournament, beating Germany in the final.

Georgia Guidestones

The Georgia Guidestones were a granite monument in Elbert County, Georgia, United States, and first erected in 1980. The monument was tall, made from six granite slabs weighing in all. The structure was sometimes known as an "American Stonehenge" or "Georgia's Stonehenge".

On the morning of July 6, 2022, the guidestones were heavily damaged in a bombing. Later that day, officials demolished the standing parts of the structure for safety reasons.

Hugo Duminil-Copin

Hugo Duminil-Copin (born 26 August 1985) is a French mathematician. His works focused in probability theory. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 2022.

June Huh

June Huh (; born 1983) is an American mathematician. He is a professor at Princeton University. He was a professor at Stanford University and the Institute for Advanced Studies. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 2022. He is known for finding the link between algebraic geometry and combinatorics.

Anna Eshoo

Anna A. Georges Eshoo ( ; born December 13, 1942) is an American politician. She is the U.S. representative from , since 1993. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She is the only Assyrian American in Congress and one of only two Armenian-American women in Congress.

On November 21, 2023, she announced she would not seek re-election in 2024.

1+1 International

1+1 International is an international TV channel aimed at the Ukrainian diaspora. It is owned by Igor Kolomoisky, one of Ukraine’s most powerful oligarchs. He was the governor of Dnipropetrovsk region in 2014. He was arrested on suspicion of embezzlement in 2023. He was sanctioned by the USA in 2021. 1+1 bought Zelenskyy’s hit comedy shows and heavily promoted his presidential campaign.

Yountville, California

Yountville ( or ) is an incorporated town in Napa County, California. The population was 3,436 at the 2020 census.

Rulon Jeffs

Rulon Timpson Jeffs (December 6, 1909 – September 8, 2002), known to followers as Uncle Rulon, was an American religious leader. He was the President of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (FLDS Church) from 1986 until his death in 2002. He was the father of later FLDS Church leader and convicted felon Warren Jeffs. He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. 

Jeffs had over 65 wives and as many as 65 children. 

Jeffs died on September 8, 2002 in St. George, Utah from problems caused by a stroke, aged 92.

Warren Jeffs

Warren Steed Jeffs (born December 3, 1955) is an American religious leader and criminal. He is a convicted sex offender. He is the ex-president of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (FLDS Church). In 2011, he was convicted of two felony counts of child sexual assault. He is serving a life sentence plus twenty years.

In 2006, Jeffs was placed on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted List because he had arranged illegal marriages between his adult supporters and underage girls in Utah. In 2007, Arizona charged him with eight other counts in two separate cases, including incest and sexual conduct with minors.

In September 2007, Jeffs was convicted of two counts of rape as an accomplice. However this was overturned in 2010.

Jeffs was extradited to Texas, where he was found guilty for raping a 15-year-old he had married and for raping a 12-year-old he had married, for which he was sentenced to life in prison plus twenty years and fined $10,000.

He was born in Sacramento, California. His father was Rulon Jeffs. Jeffs had as many as 78 wives.

Ruja Ignatova

Ruja Ignatova (Bulgarian: Ружа Игнатова) (born 30 May 1980) is a Bulgarian-German convicted fraudster. She is best known as the founder of a Ponzi scheme known as OneCoin. 

Since 2017, Ignatova has been on the run from international law enforcement agencies. In early 2019, she was charged "in absentia" by U.S. authorities for wire fraud, securities fraud and money laundering. She was added to the FBI Ten Most Wanted in June 2022.

Eugene Palmer (criminal)

Eugene K. Palmer (born April 4, 1939) is an American fugitive who was added to the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list on May 29, 2019. He is wanted for shooting and killing his daughter-in-law, Tammy Palmer, on September 24, 2012, in Stony Point, New York. The FBI is offering a reward of up to $100,000 for information leading to his capture.

Marydel, Maryland

Marydel is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Rafael Caro Quintero

Rafael Caro Quintero (born October 24, 1952) is a Mexican drug lord. He co-founded the Guadalajara Cartel with Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo and other drug traffickers in the late 1970s. He is also the founder and suspected current leader of the newly formed Caborca Cartel.

Caro Quintero lost his final appeal to avoid extradition to the United States on March 27, 2021.

The United States is offering a 20-million-dollar reward for information leading to his capture.

Preston, Maryland

Preston is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

Ridgely, Maryland

Ridgely is a town in Caroline County, Maryland, United States.

James Maynard (mathematician)

James Allan Maynard (born 10 June 1987) is a British mathematician. His works focused in analytic number theory. In 2017, he was hired as a Research Professor at Oxford University. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 2022.


Maryna Viazovska

Maryna Sergiivna Viazovska (, ; born 2 December 1984) is a Ukrainian mathematician. She is known for her work in sphere packing. She is full professor and Chair of Number Theory at the Institute of Mathematics of the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland. She was awarded the Fields Medal in 2022.

Templeville, Maryland

Templeville is a town in Caroline and Queen Anne's counties in the U.S. state of Maryland.

Hampstead, Maryland

Hampstead is a town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.

New Windsor, Maryland

New Windsor is a town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.

Taneytown, Maryland

Taneytown is a town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.

Union Bridge, Maryland

Union Bridge is a town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.

Cecilton, Maryland

Cecilton is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.

Highland Park parade shooting

On July 4, 2022, a mass shooting happened during an Independence Day parade in Highland Park, Illinois, United States. The shooting happened at 10:14a.m. CDT () about 15 minutes after the parade had started. Seven people were fatally shot and at least 46 others were wounded by gunfire or injured in a stampede.

The shooter was Robert Eugene Crimo III, who was caught eight hours after the shooting. 

Crimo began the shooting by firing a rifle from the rooftop of the Ross Cosmetics building. He got on the roof by using an unsecured ladder attached to the building. The shooter used a Smith & Wesson M&P15 semiautomatic rifle with three 30-round magazines.

After being caught, Crimo confessed that he thought about planning another shooting at another Independence Day parade in Madison, Wisconsin.

Seven people were killed and 46 others were injured during the attack. Five of the victims—all adults—died at the scene and two died at the hospital. 

Many Chicago suburbs canceled their Fourth of July celebrations after the shooting.

President Joe Biden stated that he was shocked by the shooting and also called for more gun control measures.

Charlestown, Maryland

Charlestown is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.

Chesapeake City, Maryland

Chesapeake City is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.

Perryville, Maryland

Perryville is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.

Port Deposit, Maryland

Port Deposit is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States.

History en Español

History en Español is a 24-hour Spanish-language pay television channel. It is a counterpart of the History channel, that focuses on Latin American and world history. It officially launched in 2004 in the United States. The network shows original programming, as well as Spanish-dubbed versions of programs originally seen on the main, English-language, History channel.


Büyükyurt

Büyükyurt is a village in Nazımiye district of Tunceli (Dersim), Turkey. 

The old name of the village is Hakis. In the village, which is named Hakis in the records of the 16th century; only non-Muslims lived in 67 households in 1518 and 135 households in 1541. In the village at the beginning of the 20th century; there were 220 Armenian and 960 Kurdish population. The settlement, which was a nâhiye since the records of 1912, maintained its position as a nâhiye until 1936. In 1935, Hakis was recorded as a connected of Nazimiye kaza of Elâziz province. Although the old name of the village "Hakis" was changed, it was recorded as "Büyükyurt ("Hakis")" for a while. In the 1960 census, 742 people were recorded, 340 males and 402 females in village. 

According to one data, the village was the largest village in Dersim before the villages were evacuated. Kizilbash who speak "Kirmanckî" and Armenians live in the village and the sons of the two peoples "lived together as brothers" for centuries.

Alan Rachins

Alan Leonard Rachins (born October 3, 1942) is an American actor, television director and writer. He is known for his role as Douglas Brackman in "L.A. Law" and Larry on the television series "Dharma & Greg". He also voiced the Clock King in "".


Joanna Frank

Joanna Frank (born Johanna Bochco; March 7, 1941) is an American actress. Her first role was in Elia Kazan's 1963 movie "America, America". She was also in the cult biker movie "The Savage Seven" (1968) and the romantic comedy "Say Anything..." (1989).

János Berecz

János Berecz (18 September 1930 – 7 July 2022) was a Hungarian politician, writer and journalist. He was born in Ibrány, Hungary. His best known written work as "Counter-revolution with pen and gun 1956". He was a member of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party. Berecz was a member of the National Assembly between 1985 to 1990. 

Berecz died on 7 July 2022 in Budapest, Hungary at the age of 91.

Karyn Kupcinet

Karyn Kupcinet (born Roberta Lynn Kupcinet; March 6, 1941 – November 28, 1963) was an American actress. She had a role in the television series "Mrs. G. Goes to College". She appeared in guest roles on television, including "The Donna Reed Show", "The Wide Country", "G.E. True", "Going My Way", "The Andy Griffith Show", and "Death Valley Days".

Kupcinet was found dead at her home in West Hollywood, California on November 28, 1963 at the age of 22. Drugs were found next to her body, however in an autopsy found evidence of her being strangled.

Since her death happened five days after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, her death has been part of many conspiracy theories.

Roy Thinnes

Roy Thinnes (born April 6, 1938) is an American actor. He is best known for playing David Vincent in the ABC television series "The Invaders". He also appeared in the science fiction movie "Doppelgänger". He also played Manhattan District Attorney Alfred Wentworth in the pilot episode of "Law & Order".

Dora Wevers

Dora Assink-Wevers (born 1900s) was a Dutch track and field athlete specialized in the discus throw. She was a member of AV Twenthe and the national team. 

She was the national record holder and national champion. She represented the Netherlands at international competitions.

In the 1920s Wevers became a member of Hercules-Hebe, initially doing gymnastics but also started competing in athletics. She once one won the club championships in both gymnastics and athletics. Because she fell in love with discus throwing she specialized in it. However, in her era there were no athletic trainers with expertise in discus throw. She got advice by multiple people. She even held a period the discus at her back while throwing because someone told her that would be the best technique. Before a main competition she went with her father to a farmer's pasture to throw duscus. Her father kept getting the discus. Besides of that she trained with boys of the “Enschedese Boy” at Deppenbroek.

On 1 September 1929 she broke the national record in discus throw held by Lena Michaelis with a distance of 31.71 metres. She became 1930 national champion in Amsterdam, and broke at these championship her national record again with 33.86 metres. In July 1931 her record was broken by Cor Pels.
Assink set her personal record to 34.14 in 1934. This was not a national record, but it was the record of Twente. It took almost 29 year before this record of Twente was broken by Margriet de Schip.

As part of the National Team, Wevers represented between 1929 and 1933 the Netherlands at four tournaments, including at the 1930 Women's World Games. She also went with the ENDAT to the international competition in Brussels. She throw there further than the national record. However, because it was outside a match of the national association, it was never recognized as an official national record.

Assink was hairdresser and had her own studio. Assink married to Gerrit Assink and they lived in Enschede. They got a son Herman Johan on 23 April 1941.

Ziggy Stardust (song)

"Ziggy Stardust" is a song by English singer-songwriter David Bowie. It was on Bowie’s 1972 concept album The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars. It was made by both Bowie and Ken Scott. It was recorded at Trident Studios in London in November 1971. The song is about Ziggy Stardust, a bisexual alien rock star who is a messenger for other aliens. The character was based on English singer Vince Taylor, the Legendary Stardust Cowboy, and Kansai Yamamoto. The song is glam rock and so is the album. It was remade in 1982 by Bauhaus.

Her Wedding Night

Her Wedding Night is a 1930 American romantic comedy movie directed by Frank Tuttle and is a remake of the 1925 movie "Miss Bluebird" also directed by Frank Tuttle. It stars Clara Bow, Ralph Forbes, Charlie Ruggles, Richard "Skeets" Gallagher, Geneva Mitchell, Natalie Kingston and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Cartoonito (American programming block)

Cartoonito (also known as Cartoonito on Cartoon Network) is a programming block that airs on weekday mornings. It premiered on September 13, 2021, on Cartoon Network, and a dedicated section on the streaming service Max. Cartoonito targets a preschool audience around two to six years old. Cartoonito marks the first dedicated preschool block on Cartoon Network in over fifteen years.

Cartoonito features co-productions and acquired programming, in addition to original series exclusive to the program block on Cartoon Network. Currently, Cartoonito's lineup includes "Sesame Street: Mecha Builders," "Pocoyo", "Bing", "Cocomelon", "Bugs Bunny Builders", and ""; with "Sesame Street", exclusive to HBO Max.


Robert Leighton (cartoonist)

Robert Leighton is an American cartoonist, writer, artist, puzzle writer, illustrator, and humorist. He lives and works in New York City. 


Rob Boutilier

Robert Boutilier (born 1971 in Halifax County) is a Canadian animator, director, writer, and storyboard artist, Boutilier went to Vancouver Film School in 1996, as well as the University of King's College. He is also an employer of WildBrain in Vancouver, British Columbia.



TVG2

TVG2 (formerly HRTV) is an American sports-oriented digital cable and satellite television network.

Scott Hazelton, Kurt Hoover, Christina Blacker, Matt Carothers, Todd Schrupp, Dave Weaver, Mike Joyce, Rich Perloff, Simon Bray, Donna Brothers, Nick Hines, Frank Miramahdi, Tom Cassidy, Joaquin Jaime, Paul Lo Duca, Peter Lurie, and Britney Eurton.

Programming on HRTV includes regular and special stakes races from Santa Anita Park, Churchill Downs, Gulfstream Park, Arlington Park, Pimlico Race Course, NYRA, and numerous other top U.S. and international racetracks.

HRTV also features events in the world of English riding, such as show jumping, dressage, eventing and carriage driving. Coverage includes the Aachen World Horse Festival, FEI World Cup Jumping, Dressage events, and the Horse Shows in the Sun (HITS) $1,000,000 Grand Prix Triple Crown of Show jumping.

Western horse-related programming includes rodeos sanctioned by the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association, National Reining Horse Association events from around the world, US- based Cutting, Roping, and Barrel Racing competitions, and programming on recreational activities such as trail riding.

Emo rap

Emo rap is a fusion genre of hip hop and emo. It began in the mid-2010s. Notable emo rappers include XXXTentacion, Juice Wrld, and Lil Peep.

The Ghost and Molly McGee

The Ghost and Molly McGee is an American television series.

James Wootton (animator)

James "Wootie" Wootton (born November 15, 1974) is a Canadian animator and character designer. His career began with the Cartoon Network animated television series "Ed, Edd n Eddy", created by Danny Antonucci, which premiered on the network on January 4, 1999. Wootton served as a title sequence animator and a storyboard artist during the series' run, which garnered him an Annie Award nomination for the third season episode "Wish You Were Ed" on November 10, 2001. Wootton would later work on "George of the Jungle", "Kid vs. Kat", "Roy", "Martha Speaks", "", "Packages from Planet X", "All Hail King Julien", and "Kung Fu Panda: The Paws of Destiny".

Chen Guangcheng

Chen Guangcheng (born 12 November 1971) is a Chinese civil rights activist. He has worked on human rights issues in rural areas of the People's Republic of China. He was blind from an early age and self-taught himself about the law. He supports women's rights, land rights, and the welfare of the poor.

In April 2012, Chen escaped his house arrest and fled to the Embassy of the United States, Beijing. After negotiations with the Chinese government, he left the embassy for medical treatment in early May 2012, and it was reported that China would consider allowing him to travel to the United States to study. 

On 19 May 2012, Chen, his wife, and his two children left to New York City.

Angel Lagdameo

Angel Nacorda Lagdameo (; 2 August 1940 – 8 July 2022) was a Filipino Roman Catholic prelate. He was the Archbishop Emeritus of Jaro from 9 May 2000 until 14 February 2018. Lagdameo was born in Lucban, then-the Commonwealth of the Philippines.

Lagdameo died on 8 July 2022 at a hospital in Iloilo City, the Philippines at the age of 81.


Kazimierz Zimny

Kazimierz Franciszek Zimny (4 June 1935 – 30 June 2022) was a Polish athlete. He competed mainly in the 5000 metres. He competed for Poland in the 5000 metres at the 1960 Summer Olympics, where he won the bronze medal. He was born in Tczew, Poland.

Zimny died on 30 June 2022, aged 87.

Tczew

Tczew (, ; formerly ) is a city on the Vistula River in Eastern Pomerania, Kociewie, northern Poland. In 2009, about 60,279 people lived here. The city played a key role in the Invasion of Poland during World War II.

Geoff Berner

Geoff Berner (born 1971) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, and musician from Vancouver.

Pedro Ferrándiz

Pedro Ferrándiz González (20 November 1928 – 7 July 2022) was a Spanish basketball coach. He was known for coaching the Real Madrid basketball club in the 1960s and 1970s. He was born in Alicante, Spain. He was honored into the Basketball Hall of Fame in April 2007. He also coached the Spain men's national basketball team for one year, starting in 1964.

Ferrándiz died on 7 July 2022 in Alicante at the age of 93.

Assassination of Shinzo Abe

On 8 July 2022, former Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe was killed after being shot twice in the chest and neck during a campaign speech near in Nara, Japan.

His assassination was the first of a former Japanese prime minister since Saitō Makoto and Takahashi Korekiyo during the February 26 Incident in 1936, as well as the first of a former G7 leader since Italy's Aldo Moro in 1978.

Abe was making a speech for the upcoming elections. He was shot twice from behind with an improvised shotgun, hitting his chest and neck.

Abe was transported to a local hospital unconscious. It was said he went into cardiopulmonary arrest shortly after being shot while other sources said he was having heart failure.

Hours later, Abe's younger brother and Japan's defence minister Nobuo Kishi said Abe was having a blood transfusion.

At 5:03 pm JST the news was broken that he had died, about five hours after the shooting happened. The doctors said that because he had lost a lot of blood, and the bullet had gone in deep enough to enter his heart. This news was reported by the public broadcaster NHK citing the ruling Liberal Democratic Party. It was also reported in a news conference at the medical hospital.

The police autopsy found that Abe died from loss of blood after a bullet damaged an artery under his collarbone.

Tetsuya Yamagami, the shooter, was arrested by police at the scene. Yamagami had created the shotgun used for the attack.

Yamagami was a former member of the Maritime Self-Defense Force from 2002 to 2005. Yamagami told investigators that he wanted to kill Abe because of a personal bad feelings toward a "certain religious group" that Abe had supported. He said that this religious group had "brainwashed" his mother and that killing Abe was not because of his political beliefs.

Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, who was in Yamagata Prefecture for the election campaign, cancelled campaigning and returned to Tokyo to deliver a national address, as did other Kishida cabinet members. In his speech, he said that Abe was in critical condition and called the shooting "unforgivable".

Many world leaders reacted to the shooting by hoping Abe recovered and condemned the shooting such as Emmanuel Macron, Joe Biden, Justin Trudeau, Jacinda Ardern, Boris Johnson, Anthony Albanese, Narendra Modi, Joseph M. Alberts, Ursula von der Leyen, Charles Michel, Jens Stoltenberg, Sauli Niinistö, Lee Hsien Loong, Jair Bolsonaro and Tsai Ing-wen along with former leaders such as Donald Trump, Barack Obama and Yoshihide Suga.

Julian Lawrence

Julian Lawrence is a Canadian cartoonist, educator and comics scholar from Portsmouth, England. A longtime member of Vancouver's DIY independent art scene, Lawrence is also an arts educator and researcher, with a specialization in using hand drawn comics as a tool to improve literacy, develop storytelling techniques and form identity. He currently lives in Middlesbrough, England, where he is a Senior Lecturer in the Comics and Graphic Novels B.A. Honours program at Teeside University.

Keith Giffen

Keith Ian Giffen (born November 30, 1952) is an American comics artist and writer. He is known for his work for DC Comics on their "Legion of Super-Heroes" and "Justice League" titles as well as for being the co-creator of Lobo.


Paul Boyd

Paul G. Boyd (September 30, 1967 – August 13, 2007) was an American-born Canadian animator. He was a member of a.k.a. Cartoon, the production team for Cartoon Network's longest running television series, "Ed, Edd n Eddy", as a title sequence animator and director. He began his career working for International Rocketship on two Gary Larson specials. During his career he taught at Vancouver Film School and worked at many animation studios in Vancouver. His work directing for "Aaagh! It's the Mr. Hell Show!", along with co-director Moose Pagen, was nominated for an Annie Award in 2001.

He was shot and killed on August 13, 2007, by a police officer, Lee Chipperfield, in Vancouver. A video recorded by tourists showed Boyd being shot nine times after wielding a bicycle chain at officers who came to respond to a disturbance involving him. The ninth shot that struck Boyd was fired as he was on the ground. The officer who shot Boyd was cleared in the death. The use of force was criticized by many of Boyd's colleagues and relatives.


Kwasi Kwarteng

Kwasi Kwarteng (born Akwasi Addo Alfred Kwarteng; 26 May 1975) is a British Conservative Party politician. He has served as Chancellor of the Exchequer from 6 September to 14 October 2022. He was the Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy from 2021 to 2022. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Spelthorne since 2010. He became known for promoting and passing Prime Minister Liz Truss's controversial economic plans which caused a government crisis and his firing.

Optimum (cable brand)

Optimum is an Internet, TV, Mobile and Home phone company serving the New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Pennsylvania Tri-State area, and North Carolina.

Altice One is the company's flagship home entertainment platform. The device combines TV, streaming apps and more into one space-saving design.

Optimum TV offers cable television service in three tiers


Optimum offers internet speeds up to 940 megabits per second. Currently there are four speed tiers available:


The company also offers a low-cost broadband option, Altice Advantage Internet, for certain eligible customers.

Optimum offers landline VOIP telephone service branded as Optimum Voice; the service uses a telephone cable modem to provide the service, either alone or combined into a household's main cable modem box.
Optimum provides small and mid-sized businesses with internet, phone, TV, mobile, Smart WiFi and ad services.

With the introduction of more than Optimum's original 30 channels, narrowcasting was added to the service's offerings, since it was now economical to provide "programs of much significance to small audiences."

A New Jersey company that named itself "Optimum Networks Inc." was sued by then-owner Cablevision Systems Corporation (CSC) for violation of the "OPTIMUM" trademark in 2010.

Abenomics

Abenomics is based on: monetary easing from the Bank of Japan, fiscal stimulus through government spending, and structural reforms. It has been seen as a "mix of reflation, government spending and a growth strategy.

Reflation

Reflation is an act of stimulating the economy by increasing the money supply or by lowering taxes. This is meant to bring the economy back "up" to the long-term trend. It is the opposite of disinflation, which seeks to return the economy back "down" to the long-term trend.

Disinflation

Disinflation is a decrease in the rate of inflation. It is the opposite of reflation. Disinflation happens when the increase in the “consumer price level” slows down back when the prices were rising.

If the inflation rate is not very high to start with, disinflation can lead to deflation.

Roger Douglas

Sir Roger Owen Douglas (born 5 December 1937) is a retired New Zealand politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was known for his government economic role in the 1980s. His economic policies became known as "Rogernomics".

Douglas was a Labour Member of Parliament from 1969 to 1990. During his time as Minister of Finance (1984 to 1988). His flat tax proposal, was controversial and caused disagreements between Douglas and Prime Minister David Lange, which led to Douglas's resignation.

2022 Conservative Party leadership election

Conservative Party leadership elections were held in the following countries in 2022:


Hamaguchi Osachi

Hamaguchi Osachi (Kyūjitai: ; Shinjitai: , also Hamaguchi Yūkō, 1 April 1870 – 26 August 1931) was a Japanese politician, cabinet minister and Prime Minister of Japan from 1929 to 1931. He initially survived an assassination attempt in 1930, but died about nine months later from a bacterial infection caused by his unhealed wounds. 

Hara Takashi

Hara was assassinated by Nakaoka Kon'ichi on 4 November 1921 after being stabbed at a Tokyo train station.

Takahashi Korekiyo

Viscount was a Japanese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Japan from 1921 to 1922. He was also the head of the Bank of Japan and Ministry of Finance.

His decision to cut government spending in 1935 led to unrest within the Japanese military, who assassinated him in February 1936. He was shot and attacked with a sword while he was sleeping at his Tokyo home.

February 26 incident

The was an attempted "coup d'état" in the Empire of Japan on 26 February 1936. It was organized by a group of young Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) officers. They wanted the purging the government and military leadership because of bad economic policies.

During this incident, the rebels assassinated two former prime ministers and occupied the government center of Tokyo. However, they failed in assassinating Prime Minister Keisuke Okada or take control of the Imperial Palace. Saitō Makoto was killed at his home during an attempt coup d'état. With a lot of opposition against them, the rebels surrendered on 29 February.

This was the last time that a former prime minister was killed until the assassination of Shinzo Abe in 2022.

Kuniaki Koiso

Koiso died of esophageal cancer in Sugamo Prison in 1950.

Kantarō Suzuki

Baron was a Japanese general and politician. He was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy. He was the final leader of the Imperial Rule Assistance Association and Prime Minister of Japan from 7 April to 17 August 1945.


Édouard Ngirente

Édouard Ngirente (born 22 February 1973) is a Rwandan economist and politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Rwanda, since 30 August 2017.

Prime Minister of Rwanda

This article lists the prime ministers of Rwanda since the formation of the post in 1961 to the present day.

A total of 11 people have served in the office. The incumbent prime minister is Édouard Ngirente, who took office on 30 August 2017.

Anastase Murekezi

Anastase Murekezi (born 15 June 1952) is a Rwandan politician. In 2014, he became Prime Minister of Rwanda, serving until 2017.

Faustin Twagiramungu

Faustin Twagiramungu (14 August 1945 – 2 December 2023) was a Rwandan politician. He was Prime Minister of Rwanda from 1994 until his resignation in 1995, the first head of government appointed after the Rwandan Patriotic Front (RPF) captured Kigali. He then exiled himself to Belgium.

Walter Braga Netto

Walter Souza Braga Netto (born 11 March 1957) is a Brazilian army general and politician. He was the Minister of Defence from 2021 to 2022 during the Jair Bolsonaro presidency. Braga was Commander of the Eastern Military Command.

In June 2022, he was chosen to be the next Vice President of Brazil for Jair Bolsonaro in his candidacy at the 2022 presidential election.

Bondina Elangbam

| website = 
Bondina Elangbam is an Indian writer, poet and artist from Manipur.
Among her comprehensive comparative analytical works, ""Is the Homosexual an Invisible Being? 'Comrade Love' in the Select Fiction of the Rohinton Mistry and Amitav Ghosh"" is a notable one.
Besides being a writer, Elangbam is becoming a matter of inspiration to many other artists and writers, including Bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut as well as Dr Joshiya Kh.

Bondina Elangbam was born in Imphal, Manipur. She grew up inheriting both the Meitei and Mao cultural heritages from her two parents. Her cross cultural bondings are seen to be reflected in her poetic works. Since childhood, Elangbam has a passion for painting, writing short stories and poems. Her first publication of poetry is the "Between the Poet and Her Pencil" in Mumbai on 19 December 2016. The forwarding of the poetry was done by Bollywood actress Kangana Ranaut, who is her childhood school friend.

Bondina Elangbam's book "Between the Poet and Her Pencil" was released at the "Manipur Press Club" on the 9th of January, 2017 by ABOK Publishing House.

In an exclusive interview with Bondina Elangbam by the "The Morung Express", when asked how she connected the two fields of being a poet and a painter, she said,
"See, my poems are about life and the various occurrence one experiences in life. My painting again is about the varied elements in life, the different emotions and various other aspects of life. Life in its essence connects the two and in one or the other way it is intertwined."

Bondina Elangbam and Kangana Ranaut were classmates, roommates as well as schoolmates in their school life at a high school at DAV School sector 15 in Chandigarh. Bondina was studying in the Fine Arts stream while Kangana in the Science stream.

According to a forwarding by Kangana Ranaut about Bondina Elangbam, she described Bondina was a dainty, waif- like vision with thick long blue-black hair hanging below her waist when seen for the first time in her life. Kangana said Bondina’s work was true to her inherent impulses and instincts. She pointed out the most beguiling aspect of Bondina's personality as the fact that Bondina never ceases to surprise anyone as she had either brood or laugh uncontrollably, avoided eye contact or had fierce glances, slept endlessly or worked relentlessly.

Since childhood, Kangana was intensely fond of Hindi-Urdu poetry. Her area of interests was found to be weird for others (friends) except for Bondina Elangbam. Kangana used to translate the poems (shaayaris) for Bondina. Though many words and complex thoughts were often diluted or lost in translations, both Kangana and Bondina had a particular relationship with poetry.

When Kangana and Bondina were very close to each other, Kangana noticed about the crucial differences between their educational choices, science and arts. Later, Kangana found out that she was probably not on the right career path.

In her forewordings, Kangana exposed that Bondina had seduced the closet artist in her and Bondina played a very important role in influencing her future career decisions and she continued to do so.

After their school life, they drifted away and met each other again when Kangana Ranaut was promoting "Tanu Weds Manu Returns" in Chandigarh. The two met at their school. It was when Kangana Ranaut got to know that Bondina was pursuing arts, poetry and writing. Bondina sent Kangana some of her works. Then, Kangana offered to write a foreword for Bondina's book.



José Ramírez Gamero

José Ramírez Gamero (12 June 1938 – 7 July 2022) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of Institutional Revolutionary Party. He was Governor of Durango from 1986 to 1992. From 1976 to 1979 and from 2000 to 2003, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies. In 1976, he was the President of the Chamber of Deputies.

He was elected twice as Senator and twice represented Durango from 1982 to 1988 and from 1997 to 2000.

Ramírez Gamero died in Durango, Mexico on 7 July 2022, aged 84.

Hispanic Information and Telecommunications Network

Hispanic Information and Telecommunications Network, Inc. (HITN) is the largest Spanish-language public broadcasting network in the United States.


Quigley Down Under

Quigley Down Under is a 1990 Australian-American western movie directed by Simon Wincer and starring Tom Selleck, Alan Rickman, Laura San Giacomo, Chris Haywood, Ron Haddrick, Tony Bonner, Jerome Ehlers, Roger Ward. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


The Horse Whisperer

The Horse Whisperer is a 1998 American drama movie directed by Robert Redford (who also stars) and was based on the 1995 novel of the same name by Nicholas Evans. It also stars Kristin Scott Thomas, Scarlett Johansson, Sam Neill, Dianne Wiest, Christien Anholt, Chris Cooper, Jeanette Nolan and was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.


Tlnovelas

Tlnovelas (stylized as tlnovelas) is a Spanish-language pay television network. It broadcasts Mexican "telenovelas" produced by TelevisaUnivision. The channel is owned by TelevisaUnivision.

TLNovelas América available in Mexico and other parts of Latin America.

TLNovelas Europa is broadcast in Spanish speaking countries in Europe. It is also broadcast in Oceania in Australia and New Zealand.

The TLN Network broadcasts programming in Portuguese. It has coverage in countries such as Angola and Mozambique. It also operates online in Brazil.

Released March 1, 2012, owned by the Univision Communications group in partnership with Televisa. The channel has coverage in the United States and Puerto Rico.

TLNovelas África began broadcasting on September 14, 2020. It broadcasts English programming to the African continent through operators DStv, GOtv, Zuku TV, StarSat and StarTimes.



Blue Ant Media

Blue Ant Media Inc. is a Canadian broadcasting and media company headquartered in Toronto, Ontario. 



Sport TV

Sport TV is a Portuguese television network consisting of eight sports-themed television networks.

Remy &amp; Boo

Remy & Boo is a Canadian children's animated television series created by Matthew Fernandes. The series premiered on May 1, 2020, on Universal Kids.



The show was announced in 2017, alongside "Norman Picklestripes", "Powerbirds", "The Big Fun Crafty Show", and 3 other shows.


Neil Wagner

Neil Wagner was born 13 March, 1986 in Pretoria. He is a New Zealand cricketer who is a mainstay in test cricket and plays for Northern Districts in Plunket Shield.


Yeu Kashi Tashi Me Nandayla

Yeu Kashi Tashi Me Nandayla (transl. "How should I come to your house?") was an Indian Marathi television program.





It was started from 4 January 2021.

I-CABLE News Channel (Hong Kong)

i-CABLE News Channel is a Cantonese cable news channel in Hong Kong. It is the first 24-hour television news service in Hong Kong and Asia.

Current news sections are named as follows.


Originally, news sections are named according to the time of day at which they are screened.


Programs that are broadcast jointly with i-Cable Family Entertainment Channel including:

Anchors are responsible for the casts on the channel, reporting live news daily. Some of them are the host of programmes of i-CABLE Finance Info Channel.

Some Reporters may also host news occasionally.

Former anchors:

Felicitas Schlarp

Felicitas Schlarp (born 1907) was a German track and field athlete who was mainly active in the 100 metres and long jump events in the late 1920s and early 1930s. She was a member of Post SV Köln and the German national team.

Schlarp became for the first time national champion in the long jump in 1929 in a new national record with 5.65 metres. She became again national champion in 1931 after finishing third in 1930.

Schlarp represented Germany at international competitions, includig at 1928 Germany–Netherlands women's athletics competition and at the 1929 Netherlands–Germany women's athletics competition where she won the long jump event. At the 1930 Women's World Games she reached the final of the long jump event and finished fifth.

Majhe Pati Saubhagyawati

Majhe Pati Saubhagyavati is an Indian Marathi language 2015 soap opera.

It is a story of Vaibhav Malwankar. Vaibhav and his wife Laxmi come to Mumbai around 14 years ago. He has a dream to become a successful actor, but after too many rejections he has reached a stage where it becomes a crumble. He has one last chance to give a good life for his wife and himself. The role which is going to perform is lady character who gives his career and also help him to change his life completely.


It started on 28 September 2015.

Bocche di San Lorenzo

Bocche di San Lorenzo or simply Bocche is a small locality in the comune of Santa Margherita Ligure in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in Liguria in Italy. It is made up of a few paths, benched and signposts.

The full meaning of the name Bocche is unknown however, it is believed that the name comes from "presenza del passaggio naturale che mette in corrispondenza gli opposti versanti del Promontorio." or the "presence of the natural passage that links the opposite sides of the Promontory."

Bocche is located at the junctions between a few trails and paths between the mountains of Monte delle Bocche and Monte Pollone. It is atop the "Fosso delle Bocche" stream which is directly named after it. Bocche is located on the border between Santa Margherita Ligure and Portofino. 

Monte delle Bocche is a mountain nearby to Bocche where it gets its name, Monte delle Bocche is accessed from Bocche via the Gabbia path. It is 510 metres tall and has 41 metres of prominence. Monte delle Bocche has been named and mapped since long ago.

The Fosso delle Bocche is a tributary of the Rio Valle Ruffinale stream, it is sourced at Monte delle Bocche and the Bocche-Feliciara path formes the only crossing over it.

Bocche is now only a waypoint marker with a few amenities for stopping hikers and tourists on the many hiking routes which pass through it.


All major buildings and infrastructure that existed in the original settlement have since disappeared.

Santa Margherita Ligure

Santa Margherita Ligure is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in Liguria in Italy. It is a popular tourist attraction.

There may have been a Settlement in what is now Santa Margherita since Roman Times although that isn't known for sure. In 641 a places known as "Pescino" was destroyed by Rothari and again bu the Saracens in the 10th Century. Later it was a fief of the Fieschi family until 1229, when it was taken over by the Republic of Genoa.

In 1432 it was attacked by the fleet of Venice and in 1549, as well as Rapallo, by the Turgut.

In 1813, under the Napoleonic domination, the two burghs of "Pescino" and "Corte" became "Porto Napoleone". Two years later it was taken over by the Kingdom of Sardinia as the commune of Santa Margherita Ligure. In 1861 it became part of the recently formed Kingdom of Italy.

After getting rail links in the 20th Century, Santa Margherita became a toursit attraction after the second world war.

Santa Margherita Ligure is located on the Riviera di Levante in the innermost part of the Gulf of Tigullio. The town has developed along two main inlets. To the west of the town, towards Genoa, there are many hills covered with pine and chestnut trees on the high ground and olive groves lower down. On the slopes are villas and gardens overlooking the so-called 'Dolphin Coast'(Costa del Delfini), which links the town to Portofino. The town is a popular tourist attraction on the Riviera di Levante.

Part of the comunal territory of Santa Margherita Ligure is part of the Portofino Regional Natural Park, while the stretch of water in front of the Portofino promontory is also included in the Portofino Marine Protected Area; both bodies are based in the coastal town.

Paraggi was a small village of fishermen and millers. It is located along the "Costa dei Delfini", halfway between Santa Margherita and Portofino. It is about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from Santa Margherita Ligure, reachable by bus or by boat.

Nozarego is a natural terrace over the Bay of Tigullio. Here there is the church of Santa Maria Assunta with the cobbled square in typical ligurian. From Nozarego also leave several trails in the Park of Portofino.

San Lorenzo della Costa is located on the slopes of the mountain, to the north, along the Aurelia road that leads to Genoa. There is a Flemish triptych in the local 13th-century church.


There are several small brooks inside Santa Margherita Ligure, all of which get water from the nearby mountains: the most prominent rivers are:


These rivers also have many tributaries:

The Torrente San Massimo also known as the Rio San Massimo is a tribuatry of the Torrente Boate which runs completely in Rapallo. The stream flows into it from the west and is named after San Massimo which it flows through. It's source is located in Santa Margherita Ligure.

Tributaries:


The Fosso Violara is a small tributary of the Torrente San Massimo. It flows from the east of Costa Ramezzana towards San Lorenzo. It runs south of Violara from which it gets its name.

The Torrente San Siro begins at the merger of 2 smaller streams, the Fosso dei Casetti and Fosso Capellone just southeast of Pero. From there it flows northeast towards Via Aurelia. Then the Canale della Cantina and the Fosso dell'Acqua Bella flow into it. Further north the river flows under a path and then another tributary, the Fosso di Calcinea flows into it. The stream then changes direction and heads straight east and enters the town of Santa Margherita and flows towards the Sea mostly in Culvets.


In depth research on the stream was conducted on the streams basin using hydraulic testing.

Khulta Kali Khulena

Khulta Kali Khulena (transl. The opening bud did not open) is an Indian Marathi television program.

It was started from 18 July 2016.

Chip an' Dale

Chip an' Dale is a 1947 animated short film. It was produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters by RKO Radio Pictures.


The short was released on December 11, 2007 on "".

Additional release include:

Walter White (Breaking Bad)

Walter Hartwell "Walt" White Sr. (also known by his alias Heisenberg) is the main character of the TV series "Breaking Bad". Walter also has a small appearance in its spin-off series "Better Call Saul's" .

Walt was a chemistry genius who helped start up a big science company, Gray Matter Technologies, before he left the company. He later becomes a chemistry teacher who doesn't make enough money and has to work at a car wash, which he hates. Walt learns he has lung cancer and is about to die soon. For Walt's 50th birthday, his brother-in-law Hank Schrader, who works for the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), takes Walt to see his job of busting drug dealers. Walt is interested and wants to start cooking meth to make enough money for his family before he dies of cancer. He meets Jesse Pinkman, a drug dealer who used to be his student, and asks to be partners.

Walt kills two drug dealers, Emilio Koyama and Krazy-8, after they try to kill him. Walt and Jesse get an RV and start cooking meth, which is excellent because of Walt's chemistry skills, and Walt keeps lying to his wife, Skyler White, and the rest of his family including Hank. Walt and Jesse meet Tuco Salamanca, a wild and violent drug dealer. They try to get their meth to Tuco so he can sell it, but Tuco's too crazy. Tuco kidnaps Walt and Jesse and wants to bring them to Mexico to keep cooking meth. Hank shows up and kills Tuco, and Walt and Jesse escape.

One of Jesse's friends, Badger, gets arrested by the DEA for selling Walt and Jesse's meth. Walt hires Saul Goodman, a lawyer who is also a criminal, to get Badger out of jail. Saul sets Walt and Jesse up with a drug lord named Gustavo "Gus" Fring. Gus asks Walt to cook meth for him, and he'll give him $3 million if Walt does it for 3 months. Walt takes the deal and stops being partners with Jesse for a little while.

Walt works with a smart chemist named Gale Boetticher to cook good meth for Gus. Walt finds out that Hank knows about the RV and tries to destroy it, but Jesse gets angry because he wanted to use the RV to start his own business. 

Chuk Bhul Dyavi Ghyavi

Chuk Bhul Dyavi Ghyavi (transl. Give and take mistakes) is a Marathi television romantic comedy.

The series premiered on 18 January 2017.

Jesse Pinkman

Jesse Pinkman is a character from the TV series "Breaking Bad". He also has a minor appearance in the spinoff series "Better Call Saul". 

Jesse is a drug dealer who used to be in Walter "Walt" White's chemistry class when he was in high school. After Walt learns he has cancer, he becomes partners with Jesse to cook meth and make money.

Hank Schrader

Henry "Hank" R. Schrader ASAC is a fictional character in the AMC drama series "Breaking Bad".

Joe Salisbury

Joe Salisbury (born 20 April 1992) is a British professional tennis player. He is currently ranked world #1 in doubles.

He is a four-time Grand Slam champion. He won the 2020 Australian Open and the 2021 US Open in men's doubles partnering Rajeev Ram. 

Salisbury has also won two mixed doubles titles, at the 2021 French Open and 2021 US Open mixed doubles with Desirae Krawczyk. 

Salisbury made his Davis Cup debut for Great Britain in 2021, and also competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics with Andy Murray.

Walter White Jr.

Walter Hartwell White Jr. (also known as Flynn) is a fictional character in the crime drama series "Breaking Bad".

Skyler White

Skyler White ("née" Lambert) is a fictional character in "Breaking Bad".

Marie Schrader

Marie Schrader ("née" Lambert) is a fictional supporting character in the AMC series "Breaking Bad".

Gus Fring

Gustavo "Gus" Fring is a fictional character in the crime drama series "Breaking Bad".

The Guy for This

"The Guy for This" is the third episode of the fifth season of the AMC television series "Better Call Saul".

Freya (cat)

Freya (born c. April 2009) is a cat owned by the former Chancellor of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom George Osborne and his family.

The Mr. Men Show (1997 TV series)

The Mr. Men Show is a Canadian-American remake of the British series, "Mr. Men and Little Miss".


Mr. Men and Little Miss

Mr. Men and Little Miss, known in the United States as The Mr. Men Show and in French as Monsieur Bonhomme, is a 1991–1998 French-British animated children's television series.








Claudia Octavia

Claudia Octavia (late 39 or early 40 – June 9, AD 62) was a Roman Empress. She was the daughter of the Emperor Claudius and Valeria Messalina. 

Her mother died and her father re-married her cousin Agrippina the Younger. So she became the stepsister of the future Emperor Nero. She would also become his wife. The marriage was arranged by Agrippina.

Octavia was popular with the people of Rome. But Nero hated their marriage. When his mistress, Poppaea Sabina, became pregnant, he divorced Octavia, and banished her. When this led to a public outcry, he had her executed.

The Mr. Men Show

The Mr. Men Show is an American animated children's television series.






Samsung Electronics

Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (, sometimes shortened to SEC and stylized as SΛMSUNG) is a South Korean multinational electronics corporation. It is headquartered in Yeongtong-gu, Suwon, South Korea.

Sniz &amp; Fondue

Sniz & Fondue is a series of animated shorts originally appearing on the first three seasons of the animation-anthology series "KaBlam!" on the American cable television network Nickelodeon.

TeleNiños

TeleNiños is a Canadian Category B-exempt Spanish language specialty channel owned by TLN Media Group.

TeleNiños broadcasts television programs for children of all ages, as well family-oriented (for children and adults) television programs.


Jewish Autonomous Oblast

The Jewish Autonomous Oblast (JAO; Russian: Евре́йская автоно́мная о́бласть, Yevreyskaya avtonomnaya oblast; Yiddish: ייִדישע אװטאָנאָמע געגנט, yidishe avtonome gegnt) is a federal subject of Russia. It is located in the Russian Far East, near Khabarovsk Krai and Amur Oblast in Russia and Heilongjiang province in China. The main city is Birobidzhan.

In the late 1940s, the Jewish population here was around 46,000–50,000, about 25% of the population. In 2010 there were only 1,628 Jews in the JAO (less than 1% of the population).

KaBlam!

KaBlam! (stylized as KaBLaM!) is an American sketch comedy animated television series that ran on Nickelodeon from 1996 to 2013. The series was created by Robert Mittenthal, Will McRobb, and Chris Viscardi.

Nickelodeon (US) CBeebies (UK) ABC (Australia) France 5 (France) Playhouse Disney (Spain Latin America and Mexico) TVO (Canada) TV12 (Singapore) EBS (Korea) Kids 1 (South Korea) M-Net (South Africa) Cartoon Network (India and Pan Asia) CyBC (Cyprus) Canal MiniMini+ (Poland) POP TV (Slovenia) MBC E Vision and Al Jazeera (Middle East) YLE (Finland) NRK (Norway) Lativi (Indonesia) TVNZ (New Zealand) Cartoon Gang (Thailand) VBC (Vietnam) TV3 (Malaysia) RTE (Ireland) RTB (Brunei) Hop TV (Israel) Canal Panda (Portugal) 


Anna Mercatelli

Anna Mercatelli (born early 20th-century) was an Italian track an field athlete from Rome. She competed mainly in high jump and sprint events. She was a member of Associazione Sportiva Roma and the Italian national team.

As a member of the Italian National Team she represented Italy at international tournaments, including at the 1930 Women's World Games. Here she was selected to compete in the 60 metres event and high jump events. She was in both events not able to reach the final. Later the year, at the 1930 Italian Athletics Championships she won the silver medal in the high jump behind Ondina Valla.

Cine Mexicano

Cine Mexicano (103A, channel 462) is an American television movie channel which is available to DirecTV customers. It usually offers narco and comedy films, as well as infomercials.

Cine Mexicano's main competitor is Dish Network's Cinelatino.

Osteocephalus festae

Osteocephalus festae is a frog. It lives Ecuador and Peru. Scientists have seen it between 1000 and 2200 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 38.3 to 56.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 49.5–84.9 mm long. The adult frog is brown in color. Sometimes it has black marks. It has lighter lines on its lips and a light mark under each eye.

This frog lives near rivers with fast water and waterfalls. These rivers flow through forests, farms, and other areas. The tadpoles swim in pools on the sides of these rivers. The adult frogs sit on plants 40-250 cm above the ground.

This frog's scientific name "festae" is for Enrico Festa. Fest was an Italian naturalist. He collected the first official sample of this frog.

Enlace

Enlace is a Latin American Christian-based broadcast television network. 

MTV Tres

MTV Tres (taken from the Spanish word for the number three tres, stylized as tr3s, with an acute accent over the '3') is an American .

Tres broadcasts on an Eastern Time schedule with one national feed for all providers.

Current

Former


RCN Nuestra Tele Internacional

RCN Nuestra Tele Internacional (previously known as TV Colombia and RCN Nuestra Tele) is an international pay television channel owned by Colombian television network RCN.


Azteca América

Azteca América (, sometimes shortened to Azteca) was an American Spanish-language free-to-air television network owned by INNOVATE Corp..

The closure of the channel was previously announced due to an agreement signed between TV Azteca and Estrella TV to broadcast TV Azteca's programming through Estrella, The network went off the air on January 1, 2023, around 00:59, after a broadcast of "Ya Cayó Renovado". Around December 26, 2022, the Azteca América website was closed.



Xuxa

Maria da Graça Xuxa Meneghel (born 27 March 1963) is a Brazilian television host, film actress, singer, model, and businesswoman. In Brazil it is known as "Rainha dos Baixinhos". 

She was born in Santa Rosa, Brazil on March 27, 1963 and she has dated soccer player Pele and Ayrton Senna. She has also met the singer Michael Jackson and he took her to Neverland and asked her to be the mother of his children.

Demographics of Turkey

Turks are the largest ethnic group in Turkey.


List of Salticidae genera

The genera of the family Salticidae are listed here.


Holconia immanis

The banded huntsman spider is a type of spider. It was first described by Thorell in the 1200s. Then, it was replaced by John Hills in the Isopeda family.

Force field

Force field can mean:

Saint-Marc

Saint-Marc () is a commune in the western part of Haiti in the Artibonite department, it is located in , in 2003 it had a population of 160,181 inhabitants, being the second most populous city in Haiti after Gonaïves, Port-au-Prince and Cap-Haïtien.

The port of this city is the most preferred for the entry of goods to Haiti, due to the congested port of Port-au-Prince.


Delena cancerides

Delena cancerides, also called the flat huntsman or social huntsman, is a huntsman spider from Australia. In New Zealand, it is sometimes known as the Avondale spider.

Argiope keyserlingi

Argiope keyserlingi also called St. Andrew's cross spider is a kind of orb-web spider. It lives on the east side of Australia from Victoria to northern Queensland.

ESPN Deportes

ESPN Deportes (, "ESPN Sports") is an American multinational Spanish-language pay television sports channel owned by ESPN Inc..
The network has the rights to show all the events listed below but some do not air on the network due to schedule. Instead they are streamed online in Spanish on Watch ESPN.com and the ESPN App.




















ESPN operated radio networks, stations and programs in Latin America:

Aike Visbeek

Aike Visbeek (born 27 October 1976) is a Dutch cycling coach. He was team manager at Team Sunweb from 2013 to 2019, team manager at SEG Racing Academy in 2020. In 2021 he started working with Intermarché-Wanty-Gobert Matériaux where he is performance manager. During the 2022 Tour de France, Visbeek was guest in the Dutch television program De Avondetappe on 8 July 2022.

Bleu de Chanel

Bleu de Chanel (literally translated as ""Chanel's Blue"" or ""Blue Chanel"") is a men's fragrance created by Jacques Polge for the French fashion brand Chanel in 2010. It was the first men's fragrance released by the brand since Allure Homme Sport in 2004, and their first men's masterbrand since Égoïste was introduced in 1990. The original fragrance is an eau de toilette; the 2014 eau de parfum version was also created by Jacques Polge, and the 2018 parfum version was created by his son, Olivier Polge. French actor Gaspard Ulliel was chosen as the first ambassador for Bleu de Chanel in 2010 and remained as the face of the fragrance for twelve years, until his death in January 2022.

French actor Gaspard Ulliel was announced as the first ambassador of Bleu de Chanel on 16 February 2010, becoming Chanel's first male ambassador. A television commercial filmed in New York City premiered online on 25 August 2010 and was later released on TV in September 2010. It was directed by Martin Scorsese and starred Ulliel and Ingrid Sophie Schram. In the commercial, Ulliel played a young filmmaker in the middle of a press conference who sees his ex-girlfriend (Schram) among the journalists and remembers the past and the beginning of their relationship, until he says: "I'm not going to be the person I'm expected to be anymore", gets up and leaves the room. The video also featured The Rolling Stones' song "She Said Yeah". 

Chanel's American chief operating officer John Galantic noted that the selection of "the quintessential American film director" Scorsese was intended to create "a product and brand communication uniquely tailored to the American market," where the brand's men's fragrance business was not fully developed. 

The fragrance was released in stores on 13 September 2010.

On 5 February 2015, a new commercial starring Ulliel was released. Directed by James Gray, it was filmed in Los Angeles and featured Jimi Hendrix's cover of Bob Dylan's song "All Along the Watchtower".

British filmmaker Steve McQueen directed a new commercial for Bleu de Chanel released on 1 June 2018. Shot in Bangkok, it also included underwater scenes filmed in London. It featured Ulliel crossing the city looking for a woman (played by German model Nur Hellmann) he saw in a building in front of his while David Bowie's "Starman" plays in the background.

Ulliel was the face of Bleu de Chanel for twelve years, until his death on 19 January 2022. When he died, Chanel's official Instagram and Facebook pages shared a tribute to him. Chanel also paid tribute to Ulliel during their Spring/Summer 2022 Haute Couture show at the Paris Fashion Week on 25 January 2022. A model dressed as a bride finished the show by carrying a bouquet of camellias—Coco Chanel's favorite flower—tinted midnight blue as a nod to Ulliel and the Bleu de Chanel perfume.

On 2 June 2022, Chanel released the first commercial for Bleu de Chanel without Gaspard Ulliel. In the new commercial titled "Instinctive and Electric", a drummer (played by musician Vincent Girault aka De La Romance) plays along with "Fire" by Jimi Hendrix while lights throughout the city start to flicker to the beat and a mysterious woman shows the city to him.

Obdulio Varela

Obdulio Jacinto Muiños Varela (; September 20, 1917 — August 2, 1996) was a Uruguayan football player. He was the captain of the Uruguayan national team that won the 1950 World Cup after beating Brazil in the decisive final round match popularly known as the "Maracanazo". He was nicknamed "El Negro Jefe" (The Black Chief) because of his dark skin and the influence he had on the pitch, especially during the unlikely victory over Brazil. He was of African, Spanish and Greek ancestry. Commonly regarded as one of the greatest classic holding midfielders, Varela was adept in defence and was renowned for his tenacity and leadership. He was the archetype of No. 5, superb at shielding his defence and linking play to the midfield. Rough and pugnacious central midfielder (centromediano), his tendency to lead the team from the field, following his role as captain, and he was considered by many as one of the most complete Uruguayan central midfielders. He is regarded as one of the greatest captains in football history, and "he remains one of the biggest sporting heroes in Uruguay".

Obdulio Varela, who, contrary to custom in Spanish-speaking countries, is known by the maternal part of his surname, was born in Barrio La Teja, Montevideo on September 20, 1917. He comes from a family of ten brothers. His parents lived separately. After he worked as an 8-year-old to improve the financial situation, he began to earn his money with the car care at the Hotel del Prado at the age of 13, then he sold newspapers in Paso Molino.

After first playing football in the local quarter in smaller teams such as Fortaleza, Dublin and Pascual Somma, he joined what was then in the Divisional de intermedia in 1936 Club Deportivo Juventud, which plays for Asociación Uruguaya de Fútbol. He then moved to the Montevideo Wanderers, where he began his professional career, playing for a total of five seasons. In 1938 he made his debut there. Varela completed 139 games for the club in which he scored 13 goals. He then joined Peñarol. He was a member of the Aurinegros from 1943 to 1955 and was Uruguayan champion six times with the club and he was renowned as a fair player with passion with great ball skills, playing in defence and offense, his great passing and goalscoring ability. Ten years later, his nephew Luis Varela, who had previously played for Liverpool FC, also joined Peñarol.

Varela also had African ancestry and was nicknamed El Negro Jefe (The Black Boss) because of his dark skin and leadership on the court. He was characterized by the fact that he showed a high willingness to run and was outstanding in both defensive and offensive areas. Already at the age of 21 he became a national player and played for the Celeste for the first time in 1939. At the South American Championships in 1939, 1941, 1942, 1945 and 1946 he was a member of the Uruguayan squad. In 1942 he won the title with the team. In 1940, 1946 and 1948 he successfully led the national team from Uruguay to the Baron de Rio Branco Cup. The highlight of his career was the 1950 World Cup, when Uruguay defeated the Brazilian team 2-1 at the Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro. Varela was the captain of this team and led it to victory. In the crucial last game of the final group of four (everyone against everyone else), Brazil needed only a draw against Uruguay to become world champions and were up 1-0 early in the second half. But Uruguay prevailed, scoring twice in front of a crowd of 200,000.

This victory, also known as the “Maracanaço”, was considered a miracle. It made a myth and immortalized Varela in the eyes of Uruguay's football-loving population. At the age of 36 he traveled to Switzerland with the national team to defend the title at the 1954 World Cup. At the time, he was the oldest player to have ever played in a World Cup. Scotland and Czechoslovakia were easily beaten in the preliminary round before Uruguay beat England 4-2 in the quarter-finals. Varela sustained a leg injury in that game. There were no substitutes back then, so he had to play the full 90 minutes heavily bandaged to the end.

Varela and two other key players did not recover in time for the semi-final against Hungary, and Uruguay lost 4-2 after extra time. Varela ended his World Cup career undefeated after seven games. Overall, Varela completed 45 international matches from his debut on January 29, 1939 to his last match on June 26, 1954, in which he scored nine goals.

In 1955, when he retired from football, Varela briefly tried to retrain as a coach on the Peñarol bench, with Roque Maspoli, but he quickly abandoned the idea.

Varela died on August 2, 1996. His remains are buried at Cementerio del Cerro, Montevideo.

Peñarol

Uruguay



Gregory Itzin

Gregory Martin Itzin (April 20, 1948 – July 8, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Charles Logan in the action thriller series "24". He also played John Archibald Campbell in "Lincoln".

Itzin died on July 8, 2022 at a hospital in London, England from problems caused by surgery at the age of 74.


Lenny Von Dohlen

Lenny Von Dohlen (December 22, 1958 – July 5, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Miles Harding in the movie "Electric Dreams", and Harold Smith in the television series "Twin Peaks" and the spin-off movie "".

Von Dohlen died on July 5, 2022 after a long-illness in Los Angeles, California at the age of 63.

Francisco Huerta Montalvo

Francisco Huerta Montalvo (18 June 1940 – 2 July 2022) was an Ecuadorian physician and politician. He was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador. He was the mayor of Guayaquil in 1970. He also was the Minister of Public Health from 1982 to 1983. He also was the Minister of the Interior in 2000. From 1988 to 1992, he was the Ambassador to Venezuela.

Huerta Montalvo died from a heart attack on 2 July 2022 in Guayaquil at the age of 82.

Hugh Evans (basketball)

Hugh Evans (1941 – July 8, 2022) was an American basketball referee. He worked for the National Basketball Association. He officiated close to 2,000 games between 1973 to 2001. He was honored into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Evans was born in North Carolina.

Evans died on July 8, 2022 at the age of 81.


John Baron (politician)

John Charles Baron (born 21 June 1959) is a British politician. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Basildon and Billericay since 2001. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He is a known critic of the European Union and a supporter of Brexit.


Rehman Chishti

Atta-Ur-Rehman Chishti (born 4 October 1978) is a British-Pakistani Conservative Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Gillingham and Rainham since 2010. He was the United Kingdom's Special Envoy for Freedom of Religion or Belief from 12 September 2019 until his resignation on 14 September 2020. In 2022, he became Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs.

He was the Vice Chair of the Conservative Party for Communities.

In July 2022, he unsuccessfully ran for Conservative Party leader to replace Boris Johnson in the leadership election.

Coma (2022 movie)

Coma is a 2022 French film written and directed by Bertrand Bonello. The film made its world premiere at the 2022 Berlin Film Festival competing in the Encounters section on 12 February 2022, where it won the FIPRESCI Award. This was the last movie filmed by actor Gaspard Ulliel and the first movie to be released after his death. The film mixes animation and live action and tells the story of a teenage girl who is locked up in her house during a global health crisis and navigates between dreams and reality, until she starts following a disturbing and mysterious YouTuber named Patricia Coma. It stars Louise Labèque, Julia Faure, Gaspard Ulliel, Laetitia Casta, Vincent Lacoste, Louis Garrel and Anaïs Demoustier. The film will be released in theaters in France on 16 November 2022.


The first image showing Louise Labèque, the full cast and plot details were revealed on 2 February 2022.

Two clips from the film titled "Catatonie" and "Cullen" were released on 10 February 2022. The clip titled "Cullen" featured the voices of Gaspard Ulliel and Laetitia Casta as the dolls Scott and Sharon, respectively.

Belgian distributor Best Friend Forever released a poster and an exclusive 20-second teaser trailer for the film on their Instagram account on 11 February 2022.

On 16 February 2022, Best Friend Forever released on their Instagram account a new 9-second clip featuring Louise Labèque playing an electronic device similar to Rubik's Cube.

On 2 February 2022, it was announced that Brussels-based company Best Friend Forever had bought the film.

The film had its world premiere in the Encounters section at the 72nd Berlin International Film Festival on 12 February 2022. New Story will release the film in theaters in France on 16 November 2022.


Bill Wiggin

Sir William David Wiggin (born 4 June 1966) is a British Conservative Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) since 2001.


Devin Booker

'Devin Booker (born October 30, 1996) is an American professional basketball player. He was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He plays for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA) since 2015. He is the son of former basketball player Melvin Booker. He also won a gold medal at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

In March 2017, he became the youngest player to score over 60 points in a game, finishing with 70 against the Boston Celtics. In March 2019, at 22 years old, Booker became the youngest player in NBA history with 50-point games in a row. Booker is a three-time NBA All-Star. Booker has also lead his team to the NBA finals in 2021

Crime movie

Crime movie is a movie genre. The story is normally about a crime. The films are often related to crime literature. According to Eric R. Williams, crime movie is one of 11 supergenres in movie. The other ten super-genres are action, fantasy, horror, romance, science fiction, a slice of life, sports, thriller, war, and western. 

There are many subgenres within crime. They include crime action, crime comedy, crime drama, crime thriller, dacoit film, gangster film, heist film, Mumbai underworld, Police Procedural, Prison film. Others include mystery, suspense, and noir. Notable directors of crime fllms include Fritz Lang, Alfred Hitchcock, Martin Scorcese, Francis Ford Coppola, Quentin Tarantino and Brian De Palma.

These films focus on the police and their investigation. Examples include "Silence of the Lambs", "Seven", "The French Connection"", He Walked By Night", "In the Heat of the Night""," and "Madigan." 

These films focus on investigations of detectives. Examples are "Knives Out", "Chinatown" and "Sherlock Homes".

These films focus on the actions of vigilantes. Examples are "Death Wish", "Taxi Driver", "The Punisher", "The Equalizer", "Sin City" and "V for Vendetta".

These films are about gangs and organized crime. Examples are "The Godfather", "Goodfellas" and "American Gangster". 

These films are about crimes trying to steal or rob something. Examples are "The Killing", "Ocean's 11", "Dog Day Afternoon", "Reservoir Dogs", and "The Town".

These films take place in prisons and show the harsh conditions of prisons. Examples are "The Shawshank Redemption" (1994) and "The Green Mile" (1999)

Kassim Nassoro

Kassim Nassoro was born 13 May, 1988 in Dar es Salaam. He is a Tanzanian cricketer who played 10 Twenty20 Internationals for Tanzania in November 2021.

List of Austria Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Austrian Twenty20 International cricketers.

"Statistics are correct as of 12 June 2022."

Note: The following match includes one or more missing catchers in the Cricinfo scorecard and hence statistics (as of 1 September 2019):

Richard Castellano

Richard Salvatore Castellano (September 4, 1933 – December 10, 1988) was an American actor. He is best known for his role as Peter Clemenza in "The Godfather". 

Castellano got an Academy Award nomination for "Lovers and Other Strangers" (1970). In "The Godfather", he is known for saying the famous line: "Leave the gun; take the cannoli." 

AFI's 10 Top 10

AFI's 10 Top 10 is a list to honor the top films in ten genres. The lists are made by the American Film Institute. The different categories are animation, courtroom drama, epic, fantasy, gangster film, mystery, romantic comedy, science fiction, sports, and western. 

Indian Head, Maryland

Indian Head is a town in Charles County, Maryland, United States.

Port Tobacco Village, Maryland

Port Tobacco Village is a town in Charles County, Maryland, United States.

A diamond is a hard rock

A Diamond Is A Hard Rock is the second album by the American rock band Legs Diamond.







Brookview, Maryland

Brookview is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Marjorie Anthony Linden

Marjorie Anthony Linden (October 10, 1935 – April 1, 2013) was a Canadian broadcaster and media executive. She achieved multiple "firsts" for women in broadcasting, including being the first all-night woman disc jockey in Montreal, the first woman vice-president in the Canadian television industry, and the first female president of the Broadcast Executive Society.

Church Creek, Maryland

Church Creek is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

East New Market, Maryland

East New Market is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Eldorado, Maryland

Eldorado is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Galestown, Maryland

Galestown is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Hurlock, Maryland

Hurlock is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Secretary, Maryland

Secretary is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Vienna, Maryland

Vienna is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States.

Peru, Vermont

Peru is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Pownal, Vermont

Pownal is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Readsboro, Vermont

Readsboro is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Rupert, Vermont

Rupert is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Walk, Don't Run

Walk, Don't Run is a 1966 American romantic comedy movie directed by Charles Walters and starring Cary Grant, Samantha Eggar, Jim Hutton, John Standing, George Takei, Ted Hartley. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was a remake of the 1943 movie "The More the Merrier.


Walk of Life

"Walk of Life" is a song by Dire Straits. It is the third song on the band's fifth album, "Brothers in Arms" (1985). It was also on the live album "On the Night". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Ireland, number 3 in New Zealand, number 2 in South Africa and number 7 in the United States.

Victory (1919 movie)

Victory is a 1919 American romantic action drama movie directed by Maurice Tourneur and was based on the 1915 novel of the same name by Joseph Conrad. It stars Jack Holt, Seena Owen, Lon Chaney, Wallace Beery, Ben Deeley and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Early to Bed (1941 movie)

Early to Bed is a 1941 Donald Duck animated short film. It was released on July 11, 1941, by RKO Radio Pictures. 



The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


Eyeball Records

Eyeball Records is an independent record label.


Nina Needs to Go!

Nina Needs to Go! is an animated series of shorts that aired on Disney Junior, beginning in early 2014. Each short is about three minutes long. The series is targeted at preschoolers. It is produced by Bristol-based animation studio ArthurCox.




Dayak languages

Dayak languages is a language family which refers to the languages spoken by Dayak people who predominantly lived in Kalimantan.


The Birthday Party (1931 movie)

The Birthday Party is a Mickey Mouse short animated film first released on January 2, 1931, as part of the "Mickey Mouse" film series. 

Toy Tinkers

Toy Tinkers is a 1949 American animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on December 16, 1949 by RKO Radio Pictures.


A comic book adaptation of the short was published in "Walt Disney's Christmas Parade" #2, printed by Dell Comics in 1950. This adaptation was titled "Christmas Fray" and "Such a Clatter" in reprints.


The short was released on December 11, 2007 on "".

Additional releases include:


Wallflower (movie)

Wallflower is a 1948 American comedy movie directed by Fred de Cordova and was based on the 1944 play of the same name by Reginald Denham and Mary Orr. It stars Edward Arnold, Janis Paige, Joyce Reynolds, Robert Hutton, Jerome Cowan and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Too Much Johnson (1919 movie)

Too Much Johnson is a 1919 American silent comedy movie directed by Donald Crisp and is the second version of the 1894 play of the same name by William Gillette. It stars Bryant Washburn, Lois Wilson, Adele Farrington, Clarence Geldart, Monty Banks, Monte Blue, Gloria Hope and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Alfred Koerppen

Alfred Koerppen (16 December 1926 – 5 July 2022) was a German organist, music pedagogue, composer and academic. He was professor of composition and music theory at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hannover. 

Koerppen died on 5 July 2022 in Hannover, Germany at the age of 95.


Soroca

Soroca (, , , "Soroke") is a city in Moldova. It is near the Dniester river. It is the administrative center of the Soroca District.

Annie van de Blankevoort

Johanna Annetje “Annie” van Wijk-van de Blankevoort also wrongly written as Anny van den Blankenvoort and other variants (born 3 September 1895) was a Dutch track and field athlete representing athletics club R.S. Rozenburg who was mainly active between 1918 and 1923. She also played korball with the same club. 

Van den Blankenvoort set the first ever official Dutch women’s record in athletics in 1921; in the 80 metres. She also set the first official record in the long jump. She won most of the 80 metres competitons she competed in and was therefore named in the media as “the invincible”. She became multiple years national champion in the 80 metres and won the first national championships in the 4x 100 metres relay.

After finishing third at a national competition in 1918, she had her first victory on 17 June 1919 during the athletics competition of South Holland in Gouda where she won the long jump event; one of the two individual events for women next to the relay. A few weeks later she won the high jump and 80 metres events at the national competition in Rotterdam. She became champion of South Holland in July 1919 in the 80 metres.

During her career she won most of the 80 metres event she competed in and named in the media “the invincible” in 1921. However, she won not everything. At the first 2021 South Holland competition she was beaten in four of the five events including the 80 metres. she was beated by I. van Driel on 7 August 1921.

In 1921 she became with Rozenburg national champion in the 4x 100 metres relay. A week later she also became national champion in the 80 metres in Zeist. In an as described “fierce battle” she won the final from Rugter-Janssen.

The first possibility to set a Dutch record was from 1921 in the 80 metres. On 3 July at the Pro Partia international competition she ran in the heats a time of 11.1 what would be good enough for the national record. However, because there was only one time keeper the time was not official recognized. On 31 July 1921 she set the record in Enschede in a time of 10.7 seconds. In June 1922 she even ran in the 80 metres the same time as the world record. During national competitions in the 80 metres semi-finals she ran a time of 10.6 seconds at Woudestein. She held the records for over two years after it was broken on 8 July 1923 by R. Francken.

Van den Blankenvoort also set the first national record in the long jump in Rotterdam on 30 July 1922 with a distance of 4.56 metres. A year later on 8 July 1923 her record was broken by G. Harke.

On 27 August 1922 she competed at the 1922 Pro Patria women's international athletics competition, (one of) the earliest international women’s competition in the Netherlands. In the 100 metres she finished third, beaten by German long jump champion Margarete Furchheim. She won with the Rotterdam team the 4x 100 metres relay.







Van de Blankevoort was born in Deventer on 3 September 1895. She was the daughter of Gerrit van de Blankevoort and Everdina Martha Jacoba Mazee. She had one sister and three brothers. She later lived in the Rotterdam region. On 17 Augustus 1922 she married to Dirk Jacobus van Wijk from Rotterdam.

Chief Cabinet Secretary

The is a member of the cabinet and is the leader and chief executive officer of the Cabinet Secretariat of Japan. They are also a member of the National Security Council, and is appointed by the Emperor upon the nomination by the Prime Minister. 

The Chief Cabinet Secretary is the second in line of succession to the Prime Minister, unless the office of Deputy Prime Minister is being used. 

Since 1947, the office of Chief Cabinet Secretary has been seen as the job to have before wanting to become Prime Minister. The first Chief Cabinet Secretary to become Prime Minister was Ichirō Hatoyama. Since then, eight other former Chief Cabinet Secretaries have become Prime Ministers, most recently Shinzō Abe, Yasuo Fukuda, and Yoshihide Suga.

Yoshihide Suga, who later became Prime Minister of Japan, was Chief Cabinet Secretary under Shinzo Abe for almost eight years, making him the longest-serving Chief Cabinet Secretary in history.

Belorussian Station

Belorussian Station () is a 1971 Russian Belarusian drama movie directed by Andrei Smirnov and starring Yevgeny Leonov, Anatoli Papanov, Vsevolod Safonov, Nina Urgant, Lyubov Sokolova. It was distributed by Mosfilm.

Richard Ayoade

Richard Ellef Ayoade ( ; born 23 May 1971) is a British actor, broadcaster, comedian and filmmaker. He is best known for his role as Maurice Moss in Channel 4 sitcom "The IT Crowd". In 2008, he won a BAFTA Award.


Fumimaro Konoe

Prince was a Japanese politician and prime minister from 1937 to 1939 and again from 1940 to 1941.


All TV K

All TV K is a Canadian exempt Category B Korean language specialty channel.



Vic Pollard

Victor Pollard was born 7 September, 1945 in Burnley. He was a cricketer and footballer who played 32 tests and 3 one-day internationals for New Zealand and 7 internationals for the All Whites. He refused to play sport on Sundays due to religious grounds.


Minister of Defence (Pakistan)

A defence minister or minister of defence in Pakistan is an official position in charge of a ministry of defence, which regulates the Pakistani armed forces.

Momo Kids

Momo Kids is a Canadian Category B-exempt Mandarin language specialty channel owned by Ethnic Channels Group. It is a licensed version of the Taiwanese children's channel of and broadcasts its original content.


Fox Deportes

Fox Deportes (formerly Fox Sports en Español and stylized in all caps as FOX Deportes) is an American pay television network.

The network holds rights to international football including MLS, Liga MX and Liga MX Femenil (matches hosted by CF Monterrey, Santos Laguna and Club Tijuana). During the 2018 FIFA World Cup, it carried replays of Fox's English-language coverage of the tournament.

As of October 2019, Fox Deportes holds the Spanish language rights to WWE's "Friday Night SmackDown", which is aired in a live simulcast with Fox.



Double Dribble (movie)

Double Dribble is a 1946 Disney theatrical cartoon short that spoofs the sport of basketball and stars Goofy. It is directed by Jack Hannah.
As an inside joke, the players are named for members of Disney's staff: Kinney, Lounsbery, Hannah and Sibley.



The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

Additional releases include:



Sea Scouts (movie)

Sea Scouts is an animated cartoon short film in the "Donald Duck" series.


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".


The Bitter Tea of General Yen

The Bitter Tea of General Yen is a 1933 American romantic drama movie directed by Frank Capra and was based on the 1930 novel of the same name by Grace Zaring Stone. It stars Barbara Stanwyck, Nils Asther, Walter Connolly, Richard Loo, Gavin Gordon, Toshia Mori, Lucien Littlefield and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Donald's Dog Laundry

Donald's Dog Laundry is a 1940 American Donald Duck short film directed by Jack King. It was produced by Walt Disney.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".

It can also be found on VHS on "Everybody Loves Donald" and on DVD on "Walt Disney's Classic Cartoon Favorites: Starring Donald".

Super Simple Songs

Super Simple Songs (previously called "Super Simple Learning") is a YouTube channel and streaming media show created by Devon Thagard and Troy Mcdonald It is owned by Skyship Entertainment since 2015.

ChuChu TV

ChuChu TV is an Indian network of YouTube channels that makes edutainment content for children.

Henle's slender-legged tree frog

Henle's slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus mimeticus") is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Bolivia and Peru. Scientists have seen it between 260 and 1650 meters above sea level.

2012 Mount Salak Sukhoi Superjet crash

On 9 May 2012, a Sukhoi Superjet 100 airliner on a demonstration tour in Indonesia crashed into Mount Salak, in the province of West Java, The crashed aircraft, a Sukhoi Superjet 100 belonging to the Russian aircraft manufacturer Sukhoi Corporation, had taken off from Halim Perdanakusuma Airport for a demonstration flight in Indonesia to potential customers in that country.
The subsequent investigation concluded that the flight crew, led by pilot Alexander Yablontsev, was unaware of the presence of high ground in the area and ignored signals indicating danger from the terrain warning system, incorrectly attributing them to a system malfunction. Also, his view was obstructed due to thick cloud cover. 

In addition, it was found that in the minutes prior to the accident, the crew, including the captain, were chatting with potential customers present in the cabin.


Window Cleaners

Window Cleaners is an animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on September 20, 1940 by RKO Radio Pictures.


"Window Cleaners" is the first cartoon to feature Spike the Bee as Donald's main rival. It is also the first Donald Duck cartoon with an opening theme that was used in more than one cartoon.
The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:

Mount Salak

Mount Salak (, ) is an eroded volcano in West Java, Indonesia. Several satellite cones occur on the southeastern flank and in the northern pass. Two craters are located at the top. The mount has been a site of geothermal exploration.

According to popular belief, the name "Salak" comes from salak, a tropical fruit. However, according to Sundanese tradition, the name is derived from the Sanskrit word "salaka", which means "silver".

This mountainous area includes areas that should be avoided by pilots of both small and large aircraft. The geological conditions and the topography full of valleys covered with vegetation, accompanied by a climate (especially the fall of fog) that changes very quickly, is very dangerous for aviation.

Aviation experts classify this mountain as "mountain of death" due to its long history of aviation accidents. The latest and largest accident was the crash of a Sukhoi Superjet 100 civilian airliner into a mountain cliff in 2012.

Good Scouts

Good Scouts is a 1938 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. 


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:



Warner Bros. Discovery

Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (WBD) is an American multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered in New York City. It was formed after the spin-off of WarnerMedia by Amazon, and its merger with Discovery, Inc. on April 8, 2022.

The company's properties are divided into nine business units, including the flagship Warner Bros. film and television studios, comic book publisher DC Entertainment, Home Box Office, Inc. (which includes HBO), U.S. Networks (which includes the majority of the ad-supported cable networks of its predecessors, including Discovery, Scripps Networks, Turner Broadcasting, and Warner), CNN, Sports (which includes Motor Trend Group, AT&T SportsNet, TNT Sports, and Eurosport, among others), Global Streaming & Interactive Entertainment (which includes the Max streaming service, and video game publisher Warner Bros. Games), and International Networks. It also holds a minority stake in The CW and a majority stake in the Food Network (including its spin-off network Cooking Channel), all of which are alongside Comcast's NBCUniversal, and the former alongside Nexstar Media Group.





Warner Bros. Discovery India

Warner Bros. Discovery India is an Indian multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate.



Meditation in Venice (Rotta)

Meditation in Venice (also known as Meditazione a Venezia) is a 19th-century oval oil painting by Antonio Rotta, in 1845, in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Revoltella Museum (inv. 258) in Trieste, Italy.


CTi International

CTi International () is a Taiwanese pay television channel. It is operated by Chung T'ien Television for the Chinese diaspora abroad. It is available in Southeast Asia, Australia, New Zealand and North America.


A man and his dog (Rotta)

A man and his dog (also known as Un uomo e il suo cane) is a 19th-century oval oil painting by Antonio Rotta, in 1860, in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Revoltella Museum in Trieste, Italy.




CCTV-4

CCTV-4 is a Chinese free-to-air television channel. It is one of six China Central Television channels that broadcasts outside the People's Republic of China.


Pro TV Internațional

Pro TV Internațional is a Romanian international television channel. Launched on 29 April 2000, as the first private television channel dedicated exclusively to the Romanian diaspora, it broadcasts what Pro TV airs, but also several programs that are related to the Romanian culture. 


Katano


From Japanese census data,


TVRi

TVR Internațional (, abbreviated as TVRi, is the international channel of Televiziunea Română, Romania's government-funded television network.


Screen test

Screen tests is a method to test actors for a role in a film. It is like an audition. Candidates have to perform a scene. Sometimes they prepare their own script. Other times they have to read a script at sight ("cold reading"). Screen tests are often recorded—directors and producers then watch the recordings and decide who fits the role.

La mujer de Judas (Mexican TV series)

La mujer de Judas (Legendary Love) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Maricarmen Marcos for TV Azteca premiered on January 13, 2012, it is based on the Venezuelan telenovela of the same name, starring Anette Michel, Victor González and Andrea Marti.

A young woman is accused of having committed the murder of a clergyman and who would spend 23 years in jail, after being released she must investigate what really happened, since creepy murders begin to occur in the Del Toro residence, these murders are Occurred by an enigmatic figure whose face is hooded with a wedding veil, Natalia will have to discover who she is Judas's wife.

Bank of Canada

The Bank of Canada (BoC; ) is Canada's central bank. 

July 2022 United Kingdom government crisis

In early July 2022, 63 of Britain's 179 government ministers, parliamentary private secretaries, and trade envoys resigned from their jobs in Prime Minister Boris Johnson's second administration. This created a lack of confidence in Johnson's leadership which then caused Johnson's own resignation on 7 July.

On 5 July, after the Chris Pincher scandal, both Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid resigned. A large number of other members of the government also resigned. 

Keir Starmer, Leader of the Opposition, criticised Johnson and Conservatives who remained in Cabinet at Prime Minister's Questions.

By 7 July, sixty Members of Parliament (MPs) had resigned from government and party positions, with Michael Gove being fired by Johnson the day before. After two days of not wanting to step down, Johnson announced he would resign as Conservative Party leader. However, he did not leave the office of Prime Minister, stating he would only do so upon the announcement of a new leader.

Waiting for Godot

Waiting for Godot ( ) is a play by Samuel Beckett. In 1998, it was voted the "most significant English-language play of the 20th century".

"Waiting for Godot" is Beckett's translation of his own original French-language play, . The original French text was composed between 9 October 1948 and 29 January 1949.

The play has two main characters, Estragon (Gogo) and Vladimir (Didi). They talk about many things while waiting for Godot. Two other characters come on stage. Pozzo is leading Lucky on a long rope. Lucky does not speak until Pozzo orders him to. Then Lucky gives a very long speech about something or nothing. A boy comes on stage and says that Godot will not come today but will come tomorrow. The next day, Vladimir and Estragon talk more. Pozzo and Lucky come again, but they have changed. A boy comes on stage and says that Godot will not come today but will come tomorrow. Vladimir and Estragon try to kill themselves but can't do it. They decide to leave, but they don't move. The play ends.

Blodgett, Missouri

Blodgett is a village in Scott County, Missouri, United States. The population was 209 at the 2020 census. 

Alexis of Russia

Aleksey Mikhaylovich (; – ) was the Tsar of Russia from 1645 until his death in 1676. 

Ashley Estes Kavanaugh

Ashley Estes Kavanaugh is an American public official and former political aide. Since 2004, she has been the wife of Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States Brett Kavanaugh.

Kavanaugh was born in Abilene, Texas.

Head of a Woman (Filippini)

Head of a Woman (also known as Testa di donna) is a 19th-century late impressionist oil painting by Francesco Filippini. It was painted about 1876, in Milano, Italy. Is in the collection of the Modern art gallery of Novara (inv. n. GG 555).

The painting "Head of a Woman" by Filippini is similar to the painting "Woman with a green dress" of 1877, exhibited at the Exhibition of 19th century Brescia painting in 1934 (cat. No. 330).
Green is one of the most important colors of Filippini, and of great difficulty in the artistic management of its shades.



John Marley

John Marley (October 17, 1907 – May 22, 1984) was an American actor. He played Phil Cavalleri in "Love Story" (1970) and Jack Woltz in "The Godfather" (1972). 

John was born in Harlem, New York City. His parents were Russian Jews. He dropped out of college and then did acting. John served in the  United States Army Signal Corps during World War II. 

John appeared in about 250 films and television series. He mainly performed as a supporting actor. He played different and exotic characters. He also appeared on many TV shows and performed on stage. Marley got nominated for an Academy Award as Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his role in "Love Story". Marley died during open-heart surgery. 

Richard Conte

Nicholas Peter Conte (March 24, 1910 – April 15, 1975), known as Richard Conte, was an American actor. He was in over 100 films. He acted mainly from 1940s to 1970s. Notable films are "I'll Cry Tomorrow", "Ocean's 11", and "The Godfather".

AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores

AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores is a list of the best 25 film scores. The films are all American. The American Film Institute revealed the list in 2005. John Williams is the composer with the most films on the list. 

Mike Schuler

Michael Harold Schuler (September 22, 1940 – June 28, 2022) was an American basketball coach in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was the head coach of the Portland Trail Blazers and Los Angeles Clippers from 1986 to 1992. He won the NBA Coach of the Year Award in 1987.

Schuler died on June 28, 2022 in Phoenix, Arizona at the age of 81.

András Törőcsik

András Törőcsik (1 May 1955 – 9 July 2022) was a Hungarian footballer. From 1977 to 1984 he made 45 appearances and scored 12 goals for the Hungary national football team. He appeared at the 1978 FIFA World Cup and the 1982 FIFA World Cup. 

Adam Wade (singer)

Patrick Henry Wade, known professionally as Adam Wade, (March 17, 1935 – July 8, 2022) was an American singer, musician and actor. Wade was known for being the host of the CBS game show "Musical Chairs" (1975). This made him the first Black game show host.

Wade died on July 8, 2022 in Montclair, New Jersey from problems caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 87.

Gillian Keegan

Gillian Keegan (born 13 March 1968) is a British politician and businesswoman. She was appointed the Education Secretary on 25 October 2022 and was previously Minister of State for Care and Mental Health from 6 September 2021 until 7 September 2022. She is a member of the Conservative Party. She has been Member of Parliament (MP) for Chichester since 2017.

MSC Diletta

MSC Diletta is a container ship in a series of one of the biggest container ships worldwide. The ship was launched in 2021. She is almost wide and long. The ship has a capacity of 23,964 containers (23,964 TEU). "MSC Diletta" is operated by the Mediterranean Shipping Company based in Geneva, Switzerland and The Netherlands. 

On 9 July 2022 the ship sailed through the Western Scheldt in the Netherlands. It was the largest ship ever to pass through it. As the ship is 15.90 meters deep, it was only ten centimeters less than the maximum draft of 16 meters in the Western Scheldt, between the North Sea and the Port of Antwerp. The passage was important for the port of Antwerp because the port would like to receive ships of this size.

The Freshman (1990 movie)

The Freshman is a 1990 American crime comedy film. Andrew Bergman wrote and directed the film. The film stars Marlon Brando, Matthew Broderick, Bruno Kirby, Penelope Ann Miller, and Frank Whaley. The film is about New York film student and how he enters a illegal business. The business focuses on exotic animals to serve as food. He has to get a Komodo Dragon. The film got positive reviews. It has a 94% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Tim Byrne

Tim Clarke Byrne (1907–1997) was the first President of Athabasca University.

Franca Overtoom

Franca Overtoom (born 26 December 1991) is a Dutch football match official from Obdam. In November 2021 she became the first female assistant referee ever in the Eredivisie. She was chosen te become an assistant referee at UEFA Women's Euro 2022.

Overtoom started to be a match official at the age of 10.

Scolopendra heros

The desert centipede, also known as the giant centipede, Scolopendra heros, giant red head, texas red head, or the sonoran centipede, is the largest centipede in North America.

Al Martino

Al Martino was an Italian American singer and actor. He was known as "one of the great Italian American pop crooners". The highlight of his career was from the 1950s to the mid-1970s. He played Johnny Fontane in "The Godfather".

Mutulu Shakur

Mutulu Shakur (born Jeral Wayne Williams; August 8, 1950 – July 7, 2023) was an American activist and former member of the Black Liberation Army. He was sentenced to sixty years in prison for his role in a 1981 robbery in which a guard and two police officers were murdered.

Shakur was politically active with the Revolutionary Action Movement (RAM) and Republic of New Afrika. He was the stepfather of Tupac Shakur.

In July 2022, it was revealed that Shakur had terminal bone marrow cancer, and had "six months to live".

Tomorrow's Pioneers

Tomorrow's Pioneers ( "Ruwād al-Ghad"), also known as The Pioneers of Tomorrow, is a Palestinian children's television show. The series was broadcast by the Hamas-owned television station Al-Aqsa TV from April 13, 2007 to October 16, 2009.

The show had a child host Saraa Barhoum and her co-host, a large costumed animal as they perform skits (or "scenes"). They talk about life in Palestine with children (usually from age 9–13 with some as young as 3) call in. 

"Tomorrow's Pioneers" is highly controversial because they talk about things that could be seen as antisemitism, Islamism, anti-Americanism, and pro-martyrdom. The show had four seasons, with each season having a new animal costume co-host. The first three animal co-hosts died from either being beaten to death by an Israeli, dying of an illness or killed in an Israeli bombing.

New episodes would usually be released on Fridays.

The four costumed animal co-hosts were Farfour the Mouse, Nahoul the Bee, Assoud the Bunny and Nassur the Bear.

The daughter of Walt Disney warned the show about its first animal co-host, Farfour, was a Mickey Mouse costume, and the studio because it was used without Disney's permission.

International Classification of Diseases for Oncology

The International Classification of Diseases for Oncology (ICD-O) is a classification for tumor diseases.

Hideo Kojima

In 1986, he was hired by Konami, for which he designed and wrote "Metal Gear" (1987) for the MSX2. He is also known for producing the "Zone of the Enders" series, as well as writing and designing "Snatcher" (1988) and "Policenauts" (1994).

Jozef Moravčík

Jozef Moravčík (born 19 March 1945) is a Slovak politician. He was the Prime Minister of Slovakia from 16 March 1994 to 13 December 1994. He later as the mayor of Bratislava from 1998 to 2002. He was born in Očová, Slovak Republic.

Oleksandr Kulyk

Oleksandr Vasylovich Kulyk (1957 – 1 March 2022) was a Ukrainian cycling coach. He was a 1988 Honored Coach of Ukraine. Kulyk died in battle on March 1, 2022, during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Kulyk was born in 1957 in the village Seredyna-Buda in Sumy Oblast. In 1979, he graduated from the Kyiv State Institute of Physical Education. He is the father of Ukrainian cycling champion Andriy Kulyk.

Oleksandr Kulyk was born in 1957 in the village Seredyna-Buda in Sumy Oblast . In 1979, he graduated from the Kyiv State Institute of Physical Education.

While he was working in Sumy, he trained Oleksandr Kirichenko — the Olympic champion of the 1988 Seoul Summer Olympics in the 1000-meter free standing as part of the USSR national team, as well as the silver medalist of the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, Oleksandr Fedenko.

He worked as the director of the children's and youth sports school "Ukraine" of the organization "Sumbud" OJSC.

Died on March 1, 2022 in the battle near Nyzy in Sumy Oblast during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

The Captain of Her Heart

"The Captain of Her Heart" is a song by Swiss band Double off their album Blue. The song was an international success reaching number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 16 in the United States, number 9 in Norway, number 6 in Ireland, number 3 in Italy, number 9 in France, number 11 in Switzerland and number 32 in New Zealand.




Simon Goodell Griffin

Simon Goodell Griffin (August 9, 1824 – January 14, 1902) was an American soldier during the American Civil War. He was also a farmer, teacher, lawyer, writer and politician.

Simon G. Griffin was born in Nelson, New Hampshire on August 9, 1824. Later, Griffin was a farmer and a teacher. Even later, he represented his town in the State legislature and was admitted to the bar in 1860.

During the American Civil War, Griffin was a captain in the 2nd New Hampshire Infantry from June 1, 1861 to October 31, 1861. He was the lieutenant colonel of the 6th New Hampshire Infantry from November 28, 1861 to April 22, 1862. Griffin became the colonel of the 6th New Hampshire Infantry on April 22, 1862. Griffin led the regiment in the Second Battle of Bull Run, the Battle of Antietam and the Battle of Fredericksburg. Griffin led first brigade second division for a short time during the winter of 1862–1863. Griffin's regiment was sent west with Major General Ambrose Burnside, where Griffin alternately served as regimental and brigade commander. He served under Major General Ulysses S. Grant during the Siege of Vicksburg when Major General John G. Parke took IX Corps to Mississippi. IX Corps served for the most time during the Vicksburg campaign with Major General William T. Sherman, preventing Confederate reinforcements from reaching Vicksburg. Next Colonel Griffin participated in Sherman's Meridian and Yazoo River Expeditions in Mississippi in February 1864, which culminated in the Battle of Meridian. Griffin was promoted to brigadier general on May 30, 1864.

General Griffin was mustered out of the military on August 24, 1865. On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Griffin to be brevetted major general of volunteers, and the United States Senate allowed it on March 12, 1866.

After the war, Griffin returned to New Hampshire and was a manufacturer at Harrisville, New Hampshire. He was elected five times as a member of the New Hampshire Legislature, and in the last two terms he was a Speaker. Griffin died in Keene, New Hampshire on January 14, 1902. He was buried in Keene at the Woodland Cemetery.


Sukhoi Superjet 100

The Sukhoi Superjet 100 () or SSJ100 is a regional aircraft dedicated to passenger transport, with a capacity between 68 and 103 seats. Its development began in the year 2000, designed by the Russian aeronautical company Sukhoi Civil Aircraft Company.

There have been three hull loss accidents and 86 deaths as of June 2019. 


The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest (movie)

The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest () is a 2009 Swedish Danish German crime thriller movie directed by Daniel Alfredson and was based on the novel of the same name by Stieg Larsson. It stars Noomi Rapace, Michael Nyqvist, Lena Endre, Annika Hallin, Sofia Ledarp, Jacob Ericksson, Georgi Staykov, Niklas Hjulström, Hans Alfredson.


Parvati Shallow

Parvati Shallow is an American yoga instructor, life speaker, charity organizer, and reality television personal. She is best know for her time on Survivor where She was the winner of Survivor Fans vs Favorites. She also completed in Survivor Cook Islands where she got 6th place, Survivor heros vs villains where she was the runner up and Survivor winners at war where she got 16th place.

Valley City, North Dakota

Valley City is the county seat of Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Minnewaukan, North Dakota

Minnewaukan is the county seat of Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

Medora, North Dakota

Medora is the county seat of Billings County, North Dakota, United States.

Disney Mirrorverse

Disney Mirrorverse is a crossover mobile role-playing game. The game features evolved and amplified versions of Disney and Pixar characters and combines RPG with combat and fighting gameplay. It is the 3rd most popular role playing game on the App Store as of July 2022.

In this all-new, visually stunning adventure, players will assemble a team of powerful guardians that have been exclusively crafted and imagined for the Mirrorverse. Unrelenting forces threaten to take over this alternate reality, and players must get ready for battle, defeat an evil threat, and embark on a journey to defend the Mirrorverse.


































Jungle Cruise (movie)

Jungle Cruise is a 2021 American fantasy adventure movie directed by Jaume Collet-Serra from a screenplay written by Glenn Ficarra, John Requa, and Michael Green. It is based on Walt Disney's eponymous theme park attraction.

Staring; Emily Blunt, Dwayne Johnson, Jack Whitehall

It tells the alternate history of the captain of a small riverboat who takes a scientist and her brother through a jungle in search of the Tree of Life while competing against a German expedition and cursed conquistadors.

The score was composed by James Newton Howard.

"Jungle Cruise" was released in the United States on July 30, 2021, at the same time through Disney+. The movie received mixed reviews from movie critics and underperformed at the box office, grossing $220 million worldwide against a production budget of $200 million. 

A sequel is in development, with Johnson and Blunt set to reprise their roles.

Jack Whitehall

Jack Peter Benedict Whitehall (born 7 July 1988) is an English comedian, actor, presenter and writer. He is known for starring as JP in the series "Fresh Meat" (2011–2016) and Alfie Wickers in the series* "Cilford The Big Red Dog" (2021) "Bad Education" (2012–2014, 2022–present) and its spin-off movie "The Bad Education Movie" (2015).


Chris Pincher scandal

The Chris Pincher scandal is a political controversy in the United Kingdom about allegations of sexual harassment by the former Conservative Party Deputy Chief Whip, Chris Pincher.

In early July 2022, allegations of Pincher's misconduct came out, including rumors that go back to his appointment as Deputy Chief Whip. The government denied that at the time of Pincher's appointment, Boris Johnson, the Prime Minister, had any knowledge of any complaints about Pincher. Johnson later had to admit that that was not the case.

The scandal created a major crisis for Johnson's government, with ministers, and a larger number of government staff, resigning on 5–7 July 2022. This eventually caused in Johnson's announcement on 7 July that he would resign as party leader and prime minister.

Inejirō Asanuma

Asanuma was assassinated with a short sword by far-right activist Otoya Yamaguchi while speaking in a televised political debate in Tokyo. His violent death was seen on national television.

Mickey's Parrot

Mickey's Parrot is an animated short film produced by Walt Disney. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures and released on September 9, 1938. 


The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "".

Additional releases include:


Brett Gelman

Brett Clifford Gelman (born October 6, 1976) is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for his role as Murray Bauman in Netflix's horror-supernatural series "Stranger Things" and as Martin on the BBC comedy "Fleabag".

Mickey's Service Station

Mickey's Service Station is a 1935 animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists. 

The short was released on December 2, 2002 on "".

"Mickey's Service Station" introduced Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, and Goofy as a comedy trio, which would soon become a popular formula for Disney films. Examples include "Mickey's Fire Brigade" (1935), "Moving Day" (1936), "Moose Hunters", "Clock Cleaners", "Lonesome Ghosts" (1937), "Boat Builders", "Mickey's Trailer", "The Whalers" (1938), "Tugboat Mickey" (1940), and "" (2004).


The Ink and Paint Club (TV series)

The Ink and Paint Club is an hour-long television series on Disney Channel in 1997.

Three for Breakfast

Three for Breakfast is a 1948 American animated short film directed by Jack Hannah.



The short was released on December 11, 2007, on "".

Additional releases include:

Mohammad Mokhber

Mohammad Mokhber Dezfuli () (born 1955) is an Iranian politician who is the 7th and current first vice president of Iran since August 8, 2021.

The Spirit of Mickey

The Spirit of Mickey is a 1998 American animated direct-to-video anthology film. It was produced and released by Walt Disney Home Video on July 14, 1998.




Puss in Boots: The Last Wish

Puss in Boots: The Last Wish (also known as Puss in Boots 2: The Last Wish) is a 2022 American computer-animated adventure comedy movie by DreamWorks Animation and Universal Pictures. It is a spin-off of the "Shrek" franchise.

The movie is a sequel to "Puss in Boots" (2011). It is directed by Joel Crawford.

It stars Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek, Olivia Colman, Harvey Guillén, Samson Kayo, Wagner Moura, John Mulaney, Florence Pugh and Ray Winstone.

"Puss in Boots: The Last Wish" was theatrically released in the United States on December 23, 2022, by Universal Pictures and received critical acclaim, with praise for the animation, voice acting, story, writing, villains, humor and themes.

Enex Jean-Charles

Enex Jean-Charles (, born 18 July 1960) is a Haitian politician. He served as Prime Minister of Haiti from March 2016 until March 2017.

Manuela Nicolosi

Manuela Nicolosi (born 18 January 1980) is a famous Italian-French football match official.

She was an assistant referee at among others 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2016 Summer Olympics, UEFA Women's Euro 2017, 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2020 Summer Olympics and UEFA Women's Euro 2022.

Nicolosi grew up in Rome, Italy and moved in around 2004 to France where she lives in Lyon with her daughter.

UTC+09:00

UTC+09:00 makes clocks 9 hours later than Greenwich Mean Time. It is the time zone for:

Dotin

Datis Arian Qeshm () commonly called Dotin () is an financial services company which also operates in the fields of IT, software production, and security. The company was founded on January 15, 2012. 

Osteocephalus helenae

Helena's tree frog or Helena's slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus helenae") is a frog. It lives in the Amazon Basin in Bolivia, Peru, Colombia, Venezuela, Guyana, French Guiana, and Brazil.

Pakdam Pakdai

Pakdam Pakdai (), also known as Rat-A-Tat (for the English-language release), is an Indian Flash-animated comedy television series, formerly on Nickelodeon India and currently airing on Sonic Nickelodeon. The series is an adaptation of a 1998 french animated series, "Oggy and the Cockroaches" by Jean-Yves Raimbaud and Xilam, likely due to licensing issues and the show's immense popularity in India.

The show began airing on 27 May 2013 to present. It now telecasts 585 episodes on Sonic Nickelodeon. Some aspects of the series are based on several Indian dubs of "Oggy and the Cockroaches", which added dialogue parodying Bollywood actors and filmmakers including a narrator (unlike the French series' German dub) based on Nana Patekar, some of which even localized character names. "Pakdam Pakdai" is narrated by Nana, the eponymous narrator. Worldwide releases of the show, however, omit these in favor of silent comedy.

The main cast are inspired by "Oggy"s notable characters, for the first three seasons. They later introduce Betty, who is Olivia's counterpart. The character's names were changed to be more American-sounding for international versions.

Dogs:

Mice (called the "Chuha Party", or "Rat Party"):

Other characters include:

2000 Georgian presidental election

The 2000 Georgian presidental election happened on April 9, 2000."' Eduard Shevardnadze, the incumbent president, won reelection, and defeated Jumber Patiashvili, former leader of Georgian SSR. Turnuout on elections was 75.9%.

War movie

A war movie is a genre of movie where a war or an armed conflict plays an important part in the movie. In most of the scenes, the actors, will play in a scenario, which is affected by war. War movies usually show modern wars; unlike other genres, which may show older conflicts. The first war movie was "Sea Fighting in Greece, by Georges Meliès, of 1897. It is set in the Greco-Turkish War (1897). Documentaries about wars are not war movies." 

War movies were often used to show how terrible war really is, and that peace is a better option. Therse are sometimes called anti-war-movies. 
War movies have the following characteristics:

Usually, a part of the audience will idealize soldiers, and war. Very often, visual effects (stunts, explosions, etc) will be madde to look very realistic. This can make it difficult, keep a critical distance.

Successful war movies include:


SharePoint

SharePoint is a web-based collaborative platform that integrates natively with Microsoft Office. Launched in 2001, SharePoint is primarily sold as a document management and storage system, but the product is highly configurable and its usage varies substantially among organizations.

According to Microsoft, SharePoint had 200 million users.

SharePoint evolved from projects codenamed "Office Server" and "Tahoe" during the Office XP development cycle.

"Office Server" evolved out of the FrontPage and Office Server Extensions and "Team Pages". It targeted simple, bottom-up collaboration.

"Tahoe", built on shared technology with Exchange and the "Digital Dashboard", targeted top-down portals, search and document management. The searching and indexing capabilities of SharePoint came from the "Tahoe" feature set. The search and indexing features were a combination of the index and crawling features from the Microsoft Site Server family of products and from the query language of Microsoft Index Server.

GAC-(Global Assembly Cache) is used to accommodate the shared assemblies that are specifically designated to be shared by applications executed on a system.

Successive versions (in chronological order):

Changes in end-user functionality added in the 2010 version of SharePoint include:


Sources:

Sources:

Sources:


Keane (surname)

Keane is a surname. Notable people with the name include:


Hottentotta tamulus

Hottentotta tamulus, the eastern red scorpion, is a type of scorpion. Its venom can be deadly to humans. Every year, female eastern red scorpions migrate to India to give birth to live young.

Dvin massacre

Dvin massacre was a special operation carried out by the Georgian troops aimed at cleansing the city of Dvin from the local Muslim population. 

On 16 July 1162, Georgian troops gathered in massive numbers and invaded the city of Dvin, Azerbaijan. Once the Georgians captured the city, they started killing the male population of the city and surrounding areas. They raped women along with burning the local mosques. The enslaved women ended up naked and were lead to the mainland Georgia

Susie Dietter

Susan E. Dietter, usually credited as Susie Dietter, is an American director, known primarily for her work on television cartoons. She has directed episodes of the popular series Futurama, Baby Blues, The Simpsons, Recess and The Critic. She also worked as an animator for the modern-day Looney Tunes "Museum Scream" and "My Generation G... G... Gap".

First Battle of Rappahannock Station

The First Battle of Rappahannock Station was a battle in the American Civil War on August 23, 1862, at Remington, Virginia, as part of the Northern Virginia Campaign.

In early August 1862 Confederate Army General Robert E. Lee thought that Union Army Major General George B. McClellan's army was leaving the Virginia Peninsula to help Major General John Pope. He sent Major General James Longstreet's wing from Richmond to join Thomas J. Jackson's wing near Gordonsville and came to take over command himself on August 15, 1862. From August 20 to 21, 1862, John Pope's army went to the Rappahannock River. On August 20, Pope spread his army along the northern part of the Rappahannock River from Kelly's Ford to Rappahannock Station and was ready to defend the river crossings.

Northern Virginia campaign

The northern Virginia campaign, also called the second Bull Run campaign or second Manassas campaign, were battles fought in Virginia in August 1862 and September 1862 in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War.

Battle of Cedar Mountain

The Battle of Cedar Mountain, also called Slaughter's Mountain or Cedar Run, was a battle that was fought on August 9, 1862, in Culpeper County, Virginia, as part of the American Civil War. Soldiers in the Union Army forces attacked Confederate soldiers near Cedar Mountain as the Confederate Army reached Culpeper Court House to stop the Union Army from attacking central Virginia. After almost leaving the field in the early part of the battle, the Confederate Army launched a counterattack that broke the Union Army's lines, and the Confederate Army won. The battle was the first battle of the Northern Virginia campaign.


Ed Bauta

Eduardo Bauta Galvez (January 6, 1935 – July 6, 2022) was a Cuban-born professional baseball player. He played in 97 games in Major League Baseball as a member of the St. Louis Cardinals (1960–1963) and New York Mets (1963–1964). Bauta was born in Florida, Cuba.

Bauta died on July 6, 2022 at a hospital in Manahawkin, New Jersey at the age of 87.

Manahawkin, New Jersey

Manahawkin is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Stafford Township, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 2,413.

Florida, Cuba

Florida () is a municipality and city in the Camagüey Province of Cuba. It is located north-west of Camagüey.

Ann Shulgin

Ann Shulgin (March 22, 1931 – July 9, 2022) was an American author. She was the wife of chemist Alexander Shulgin. She wrote "PiHKAL" and "TiHKAL" with her husband.


Barbara Thompson

Barbara Gracey Thompson MBE (27 July 1944 – 9 July 2022) was an English jazz saxophonist. She was awarded the MBE in 1996 for services to music. Thompson worked closely with Andrew Lloyd Webber on musicals such as "Cats" and "Starlight Express".

She was married to drummer Jon Hiseman of Colosseum from 1967 until his death in 2018.

In 1997, Thompson was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. She died on 9 July 2022 from the disease, aged 77.


Anvar Chingizoglu

Anvar Chingizoglu (; 10 May 1962 – 10 July 2022) was an Azerbaijani historian, ethnologist and genealogist. His works focused in the history and genealogies of medieval Azerbaijan, Iran and the Ottoman Empire. He wrote 70 books and 293 printed scholarly publications.

Chingizoglu died on 10 July 2022 at the age of 60.


Cho Jung-hyun

Cho Jung-hyun (; 12 November 1969 – 10 July 2022) was a South Korean footballer who played as forward. From 1992 to 1996, he played for the South Korea national football team four times.

Cho died on 10 July 2022 from pancreatic cancer in Seoul, South Korea at the age of 52.

Michael Edward John Gore

Michael Edward John Gore, CVO, CBE (20 September 1935 – 8 July 2022) was a British politician. He was Governor of the Cayman Islands from 1992 to 1995. He was born in Kingston on Thames, Surrey, England. He was also an Ambassador to the Bahamas and Liberia.

Gore died on 8 July 2022 in Zurich, Switzerland at the age of 86.


Diphenhydramine

Diphenhydramine (DPH) is an antihistamine medication. It is mainly used to treat allergies. It can also be used to treat insomnia, the common cold, tremor in parkinsonism, and nausea. It is taken by mouth, injected into a vein, injected into a muscle, or put on the skin. It works best two hours after taking, and works for up to seven hours.

Common side effects include sleepiness, bad balance and a bad stomach. It should not be used in young children or the elderly. It can be used while pregnant, but not when breastfeeding. It works by blocking some effects of histamine from working at the H1 receptor. Diphenhydramine is also an anticholinergic, and is a deliriant at high doses.

Diphenhydramine was first made by George Rieveschl and was first used in 1946. It is available as a generic medication. It is also sold under the brand name Benadryl, as well as others. It was the 241st most commoly prescribed medication in the United States in 2017.

George Rieveschl

George Rieveschl (January 9, 1916 – September 27, 2007) was an American chemist and professor. He invented the antihistamine diphenhydramine (Benadryl), which he first made when trying to make a drug like scopolamine.

Maurice Boucher

Maurice Boucher (21 June 1953 – 10 July 2022) was a Canadian murderer, drug trafficker, and outlaw biker—once president of the Hells Angels' Montreal chapter. 

Boucher led Montreal's Hells Angels against the rival Rock Machine biker gang during the Quebec Biker War. In 2002, Boucher was convicted of ordering the murders of two Quebec prison officers. He served three life sentences at Canada’s only supermax prison prison in Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines. 

Boucher was transferred in June 2022 to get palliative care because of the metastasis of his throat cancer. He died on 10 July 2022 from the disease in Sainte-Anne-des-Plaines, Canada at the age of 69.

Leslyn Lewis

Leslyn Lewis (born December 2, 1970) is a Canadian lawyer and politician. She has been the member of Parliament (MP) for Haldimand—Norfolk since 2021. She is a member of the Conservative Party.

She ran for Conservative Party leader in the 2020 leadership election, coming in third. She was the first minority woman to run for the federal Conservative Party leadership. 

Lewis is also a candidate in the 2022 leadership election.

Ivan Bidnyak

Ivan Oleksandrovich Bidnyak ( October 1, 1985, Marganets, Dnipropetrovsk Region, Ukrainian SSR, USSR — April 20, 2022, Kherson region, Ukraine ) — Ukrainian shooter, master of sports of international class of Ukraine in bullseye shooting. A senior soldier of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, a participant in the Russian-Ukrainian war, who fell during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

In 2003, he graduated from the Lviv State School of Physical Culture (shooting department) and returned to Dnipropetrovsk.

Took second place in shooting from a small-caliber pistol (MP-6 exercise) at the 26th ISAS international tournament, Dortmund, with a score of 657.0 points.

In March 2010, he won a silver medal as part of the team at the European shooting championship in the city of Meraker (Norway) — shooting from an air pistol at 10 meters (exercise PP-3) — together with Serhiy Kudreya (Kherson) and Oleg Omelchuk (Rivne)

In 2010, he was recognized as the eighth in the top ten sportsmen of the Dnipropetrovsk region (3 bronze medals in the European shooting Championship).

In the summer of 2013, he won a silver award at the European Small Arms Shooting Championship in Osijek — from a distance of 25 meters, with a result of 575 points. In the team tournament, Roman Bondaruk together with Oleksandr Petriv and Ivan Bidniak won bronze awards — 1706 points.

In February 2022, at the beginning of the invasion of Russian troops into Ukraine, he returned from abroad, where he worked, and went to the front as a volunteer. He fought in the Kherson region . On April 20, 2022, he was killed by an enemy bullet while performing a combat mission.



Way Down

"Way Down" is a 1977 song by Elvis Presley and was the last track to be released in his lifetime. It was the second single from the 1977 album Moody Blue. It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom for five weeks following his death, number 1 in Ireland and number 18 in the United States.

Cetirizine

Cetirizine, sold under the brand name Zyrtec and others, is an antihistamine medication used to treat allergies. It is taken by mouth. It starts working within an hour and it lasts for about a day. It works as well as other antihistamines like diphenhydramine.

Common side effects are sleepiness, dry mouth, headache, and a abdominal pain. There is less sleepiness than in first generation antihistamines. Pregnant women can use it, but not women who are breastfeeding. It works by blocking histamine at H receptors, mostly outside of the brain.

It was patented in 1981, and was first used in 1987. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. It is available as a generic medication. It was the 67th most commonly prescribed medication in the United States in 2019, with over 11million prescriptions.

Mirada de mujer

Mirada de mujer (Waze of Woman), is a Mexican telenovela produced by TV Azteca and premiered by Azteca Trece on July 9, 1997, starring Angélica Aragón, Ari Telch and Fernando Luján, it is based on the Colombian drama "Señora Isabel".

It had a sequel in 2003 called, "Mirada de mujer, el regreso".

María Inés Domínguez is a 50-year-old housewife who is in charge of her husband Ignacio San Millán and their three children Adriana, Andrés and Mónica. Despite this, she is not happy and wants to fulfill her dreams and goals. that he abandoned and did not fulfill, out of nowhere Daniela López arrives, a woman who comes from nowhere and with whom Ignacio falls in love and believes that the 27-year marriage he had with María Inés is no longer the same. This brings family problems, her daughters to see this blame Inés for the abandonment of her father and she is only supported by her son Andrés, her friends Paulina, Rosario and her sister Consuelo her.

The infidelity begins to end her but finally she meets Alejandro Salas, a journalist and journalist 16 years younger than her who is divorced and has a son, Alex who does not see her as a mother, Alejandro does not see María Inés as a mother but as a woman, something that she had forgotten and over time they fall in love and she must have a woman's gaze to visualize her surroundings.


James Moses (cricketer)

James Walton Nathaniel Moses was born on 8 August 1965, in Antigua. He is a Botswanan cricketer who played 7 Twenty20 Internationals for Botswana.

Grizzly Giant

The Grizzly Giant is a giant sequoia in Yosemite National Park's Mariposa Grove. It has a volume of , which makes it the 26th largest living giant sequoia.

The Grizzly Giant is the oldest sequoia in the Mariposa Grove, the largest giant sequoia grove in Yosemite National Park.

At one time, the Grizzly Giant was considered the oldest and largest tree in the world.

Mariposa Grove

Mariposa Grove is a group of giant sequoia trees located near Wawona, California, United States, in the southernmost part of Yosemite National Park. It is the largest grove of giant sequoias in the park. Two of its trees are among the 30 largest giant sequoias in the world. The grove closed on July 6, 2015, for a restoration project and reopened on June 15, 2018.

Wawona, California

Wawona is a census-designated place in Mariposa County, California. It is located east of Mariposa. The population was 111 at the 2020 census.

Art Schallock

Arthur Lawrence Schallock (born April 25, 1924) is an American former left-handed pitcher. He played with the New York Yankees and Baltimore Orioles from 1951 to 1955.


Mallikarjun Kharge

Mapanna Mallikarjun Kharge (born 21 July 1942) is an Indian politician. He is the Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha from Karnataka and Leader of the Opposition of Rajya Sabha from 17 December 2022. He is the Minister of Railways and Minister of Labour and Employment. Kharge is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party. He was a Member of Parliament for Gulbarga, Karnataka from 2009 to 2019. On October 19, 2022, Kharge was elected as the President of the Congress Party.

Whitey Von Nieda

Stanley Lee "Whitey" Von Nieda Jr. (June 19, 1922 – September 6, 2023) is an American retired professional basketball player and coach. He was born in Ephrata, Pennsylvania. In 1950, he began playing for the National Basketball Association with the Baltimore Bullets. 

Von Nieda turned 100 in June 2022, making him the first NBA player to reach 100 years of age.

Ephrata, Pennsylvania

Ephrata ( ; Pennsylvania German: "Effridaa") is a borough in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is east of Harrisburg and about west-northwest of Philadelphia. Ephrata's sister city is Eberbach, Germany.

Eberbach (Baden)

Eberbach (; South Franconian: "Ewwerbach") is a town in Germany, in northern Baden-Württemberg. It is located 33 km east of Heidelberg. 

Barry Sinclair

Barry Whitley Sinclair (23 October 1936 – 11 July 2022) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played for the New Zealand cricket team in 21 Test matches from 1963 to 1968. Sinclair also played for Wellington cricket team between 1955 to 1971. He was born in Wellington, New Zealand.

Sinclair died on 11 July 2022 in Wellington, aged 85.

José Guirao

José Guirao Cabrera (9 June 1959 – 11 July 2022) was a Spanish cultural manager and art expert. He was Minister of Culture and Sport in the government of Pedro Sánchez between 2018 and 2020. He was also Member of the Congress of Deputies from 2019 to 2020 as a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. 

Guirao was director of the Reina Sofía Museum between 1994 and 2001 and director of the La Casa Encendida from 2002 and 2014.

Guirao was born in Pulpí, Spain. In March 2021, he was diagnosed with cancer. He died from the disease at his home in Madrid, Spain on 11 July 2022 at age 63.

Pulpí

Pulpí is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.

Zain Abbasi

Zain Abbasi was born 22 April, 1987. He is a cricketer who plays for Botswana and played one Twenty20 International.

Collingswood, New Jersey

Collingswood is a borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 14,186.

James L. Jones

James Logan Jones Jr. (born December 19, 1943) is a retired United States Marine Corps four-star general who served as the 21st United States National Security Advisor from 2009 to 2010 during the Barack Obama administration.

During his military career, he served as the 32nd Commandant of the Marine Corps from July 1999 to January 2003, and Commander, United States European Command and Supreme Allied Commander Europe from 2003 to 2006.

A New Kind of Love

A New Kind of Love is a 1963 American romantic comedy movie directed by Melville Shavelson and starring Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, Thelma Ritter, Eva Gabor, George Tobias, Robert Clary. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1964.


1929 Netherlands–Belgium women's athletics competition

The 1929 Netherlands–Belgium women's athletics competition was an international women's athletics competition on 18 August 1929 Maastricht, the Netherlands.

The competition was won by the Netherlands with 46 points versus Belgium with 26 points.

During the competition Lien Gisolf set a new world record in the high jump with 1.608 metres.

The competition consisted of 8 individual events and a relay event. The overall classification is a nation's classification. In the individual events two athletes of each nation participated. The winner of the event received for the most points, with every other place one point less. For the overall classication, all points scored by the athlete from each country are added together.

The Dutch athlethes were selected by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation and announced ahead of the competition. and the Belgian athletes were announced ahead of the competition. 

Names and events in "italics" or striked are differenced between the entry and athletes at the events.

Humboldt's Gift

Humboldt's Gift is a 1975 novel by Canadian-American author Saul Bellow. He won the 1976 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. In the same year, Bellow received the Nobel Prize in Literature.

The novel, which Bellow originally conceived as a short story, is the story of Bellow's friendship with the poet Delmore Schwartz. He explores the changing relationship of art and power in materialistic America. This theme is addressed through the opposing careers of two writers, von Humboldt Fleischer and his protégé Charlie Citrine (to some extent a version of Bellow himself). Fleischer seeks to uplift American society through the arts, but fails. In contrast, Charlie Citrine makes a lot of money from his writings, especially Broadway plays and films about a character named Von Trenk, a character modeled after Fleischer. 

Another notable character in the book is Rinaldo Cantabile, a copycat Chicago gangster who tries to get Citrine to make friends. Because his career advice to Citrine is commercially tied, it is in stark contrast to that of Citrine's former mentor, Humboldt Fleischer, who prioritizes artistic integrity. 

Humboldt's Gift won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1976, Bellow's first entry after three previous entries were finalists. In the novel, Humboldt says, and Citrine agrees, that the prize is "a fictitious newspaper advertising award given by swindlers and illiterates". When asked about the description after receiving the prize, Bellow laughed and said he would accept the award "in dignified silence." 

Middlesex (novel)

Middlesex is a 2003 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel written in Berlin by Greek-American author Geoffrey Eugenides. The main themes of the novel are: sociogenetism versus biogenetism, the motif of rebirth; the themes of following the American Dream and exploiting gender roles are also revealed. The novel contains many allusions to ancient Greek mythology, such as the images of the Minotaur (an anthropomorphic creature with the head of a bull) and the Chimera (a creature made up of many parts of other animals).

The book is a bestseller, with over a million copies sold as of March 2011. Despite the fact that the novel is not an autobiography in the strict sense of the word, many small details of the narrative outline were taken from the life of the author himself, which he learned about in the process of studying the Greek part of his ancestry. The idea to create such a work came to Eugenides in 1980 while reading the memoirs of Herculine Barbin (eng. Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite), after which he decided to give his own interpretation of the description of the anatomical structure and emotions of intersexes. 

The narrator and main protagonist of the novel, Cal Stefanidis, originally named "Kalli" (short for "Calliope"), is an intersex male of Greek origin with a 5-alpha reductase deficiency syndrome, as a result of which he is a male with a female appearance (or rather: a character has a female phenotype with a male karyotype). 

The first half of the novel tells readers about Cal's family, mainly about the migration of his paternal grandparents to the United States from Bursa, a city in Anatolia, in 1922. What follows is their assimilation into American society in Detroit, Michigan, during the city's industrial boom. The second half of the novel, which is set in the late 20th century, focuses on Cal's life journey in his native Detroit and his subsequent escape to San Francisco, where he settles into his new guise, recognizing his male gender identity.

Tunde Bakare

Tunde Bakare was born on the 11th of November 1955. He is a Nigerian prophetic apostolic pastor. He was said to have been arrested in the month of March 2002 after preaching a message particularly referring to the former president Olusegun Obasanjo. 

He was the opposing party for the presidential candidate Muhammadu Buhari in the 2011 Nigerian presidential election. Tunde was a member and also the legal adviser at the Deeper life Bible Church before becoming a member of the Redeemed Christian Church of God where he became a pastor and later founded his own church which is by name The Latter Rain Assembly.

Tunde Bakare was born into a Muslim home, but he later got changed to Christianity in the year 1974. He went to All Saints Primary School, Kemta, in Abeokuta and further to Lisabi Grammar school still in Abeokuta,after which he went on to study law at the University of lagos. He was called to the Bar in 1981 and during his National Youth Service Corps he practiced law with Gani Fewehinmi chambers, Rotimi Williams and Co and Burke and Co, solicitors. He founded his own law firm named Tunde Bakare and Co (El-Shaddai chambers) in October 1984. In May 1988,at the very height of his law profession, he was called into ministry (to serve God) and he started his own church which is Latter Rain Assembly (End-Time Church) which is now called the Citadel Global Community Church on 1April 1989 and he is the present ministering Overseer of the church.

According to "The Guardian" he is one of the most politically influential pastors in Nigeria.

Generative art

Generative art is the combination of computer technology with art. It uses an autonomous system that can independently determine the features of artwork that would otherwise require the work of the artist himself. On the one hand, it can be argued that the system only reproduces the generative artistic intent of the creator, and on the other hand, that the system takes on the role of the creator.

Georg Nies, one of the pioneers of the movement, in February 1965 presented a number of his works to the public in Stuttgart, which were described by critics as "computer graphics". A few years later, Nees wrote a dissertation titled "Procedural Computer Graphics". "Procedural art" and similar terms began to be used in those years by other computer artists, including Manfred Mohr. The term "procedural art" in the sense of "dynamic systems of artworks capable of generating multiple artistic events" was first proposed at the "Procedural Art" conference in Milan in 1998.

The term has also been used to describe geometric abstract art in which simple elements are repeated, transformed, or modified to create more complex shapes. Thus, it can be argued that in the late 1960s, the Argentine artists Eduardo McIntyre and Miguel Angel Vidal also practiced procedural art. In 1972, Paul Neagu, a native of Romania, created a creative association called the Generative Art Group in the UK. In 1972, Neagu gave a lecture on "forms of generative art" at Queen's University at the Belfast Festival.

In 1970, the Department of Procedural Systems was created at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. According to Sonya Landy Sheridan, the main focus of his staff was on artistic practices using then new technologies for capturing, printing and transmitting images, as well as exploring the aspect of time in image transformation.

In the mid-1990s, Brian Eno was also involved in the popularization of procedural music and procedural systems, which were closely associated with experimental music.

Osteocephalus vilarsi

Osteocephalus mimeticus is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in the state of Amazonas in Brazil and the state of Amazonas in Venezuela. Scientists think it might also live in Colombia. This frog lives in forests with white sand in the ground.

The adult male frog is 47.5 – 58.4 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 54.6 - 65.3 m long. Adult male frogs have many large bumps on their skin and adult female frogs have small bumps. The adult frog is light brown, yellow-brown, or red-brown on the back. Some of them have dark brown or black marks. There is a dark stripe between the eyes. There is a dark line by each side of the jaw. The body's sides are yellow-white and may have brown spots or marks. The inner sections of the hind legs are light brown, and the belly is whitish in color. The lower sides of the legs are pink or orange in color.

Young frogs are gray in color with darker gray marks. There is a gray stripe between the eyes.

The tadpoles are 33.0 – 34.5 mm long from nose to the end of the tail.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. This is because human beings change the places where it lives. Humans cut down trees to use the wood and to make farms. Because this frog only lives in forests with white sand, this is a larger problem than it is for other frogs.

The Wolves in the Walls

Wolves in the Walls is a 2003 picture book by writer Neil Gaiman and illustrator Dave McKean. A surreal tale of wolves that lived within the walls and then took over the house and temporarily forced its inhabitants out. The book gained great popularity, was translated into foreign languages, and a successful children's musical was staged based on it. The design of the book is interesting because McKean used various techniques to create illustrations: both ordinary drawings and computer graphics and photographs. 

According to Gaiman, the plot of the book was suggested to him by his daughter, who, at the age of four, had a terrible dream about wolves living in the walls. 

The book was translated into German, Spanish, Italian, Polish and other languages. The Russian translation of the book by Maxim Nemtsov was published in 2014 by Livebook.

One evening, the girl Lucy hears strange noises coming from the walls in the house. She believes that wolves live in the walls and talks about it to her mother (who fills jars with homemade jam), her father (who plays the tuba), her younger brother (who plays video games). All of them, however, do not believe Lucy: mother says that they are mice, father that they are rats, and brother that they are bats. In addition, they are all sure that “when wolves crawl out of the walls, that’s all!”.

However, the next day, wolves do break out of the walls and take over the house, while Lucy and her family huddle in the garden. They discuss where they should live now - at the North Pole, in the Sahara desert, in outer space? Lucy, having forgotten her favorite pig toy in the room, sneaks into the house inside the walls and takes it.

The next evening, the family is still hesitant to enter the house, but Lucy invites everyone to go and spend the night there by walking inside the walls. The family does just that, seeing what the wolves are doing in the house (they watch TV at full volume, eat jam, throwing leftovers everywhere, dance). Unable to stand it, Lucy and her family take chair legs and chase away the wolves, who are horrified that people have come out of the wall.

The family moves back into their home, cleaning up the mess. But after a while, Lucy begins to think that elephants have now settled behind the wall.

In 2006, "The Wolves in the Walls" was adapted for the stage as a musical called "The Wolves in the Walls: Musical Pandemonium." It had music by Nick Powell, with some lyrics contributed by Neil Gaiman. The stage adaptation was co-produced by the National Theatre of Scotland and Improbable Theatre. It premiered at the Tramway in Glasgow in March 2006 and then toured the UK for the rest of the year. The production won the TMA Best Show for Children and Young People award in 2006. In October 2007, it was staged off Broadway at the New Victory Theater in New York for a two-week run, and it was well received by audiences and critics. 

Edward Lear

Edward Lear (12 May 1812 – 29 January 1888) was an English artist and poet, one of the founders of "poetry of nonsense", author of numerous popular absurdist limericks.

Edward Lear was born on May 12, 1812 in the London suburb of Highgate. He was the 20th child in the family, and his older sister Ann was involved in his upbringing. When Edward was 15 years old, he and his sister settled in a separate house. Being a talented artist, Lear began working as a book illustrator. At the age of 19, he published his first book, Illustrations of the Family of Psittacidae, or Parrots, 1830.

Since childhood, Lear had poor health - he suffered from epilepsy, asthma, and in adulthood, partial loss of vision was added to this.

In 1846, Lear published A Book of Nonsense (also translated as the Book of Nonsense or the Book of Nonsense), which included funny limericks. Soon this genre gained considerable popularity.

The style and plots of Lear's nonsense influenced the work of his contemporary, Lewis Carroll, the French surrealists, Russian Oberiuts (Daniil Kharms was Lear's admirer).

The poet died on January 29, 1888. Mentioned in the Beatles song "Paperback writer" (1966).

Theatre of the Absurd

The theater of the absurd, or the drama of the absurd, is a trend in theatre (plays or acting) that uses absurdism. It started in the early 1950s in the theatre of France.

The theater of the absurd is part of the literature of the absurd. In absurdist plays (dramas), in contrast to the logical plays of ordinary dramaturgy, the author conveys to the reader and the viewer his sense of a problem, constantly violating logic, so the viewer, accustomed to ordinary theater, is confused and feels discomfort, which is the goal of "illogical" theater, aimed at getting the viewer to get rid of the patterns in his perception and look at his life in a new way. Supporters of the "logical" theater say that the world in the "theater of the absurd" is presented as a senseless, illogical pile of facts, deeds, words and destinies, but when reading such plays, one can notice that they are made up of a number of quite logical fragments. The logic of the connection of these fragments differs sharply from the logic of the connection of the parts of an "ordinary" play. The principles of "absurdism" were most fully embodied in the dramas "The Bald Singer" (La cantatrice chauve, 1950) by the Romanian-French playwright Eugene Ionesco and "Waiting for Godot" (Waiting for Godot, 1952) by the Irish writer Samuel Beckett. 

The term "theater of the absurd" first appeared in the works of theater critic Martin Esslin, who wrote a book with that title in 1962. Esslin saw in certain works the artistic embodiment of Albert Camus' philosophy of the meaninglessness of life at its core, which he illustrated in his book The Myth of Sisyphus. It is believed that the theater of the absurd is rooted in the philosophy of Dadaism, poetry from non-existent words and avant-garde art of the 1910-1920s. Despite sharp criticism, the genre gained popularity after the Second World War, which demonstrated the uncertainty and ephemeral nature of human life. The introduced term was also criticized, there were attempts to redefine it as "anti-theater" and "new theater". According to Esslin, the absurdist theatrical movement was based on the productions of four playwrights - Eugène Ionesco, Samuel Beckett, Jean Genet and Arthur Adamov, but he emphasized that each of these authors had his own unique technique that went beyond the term "absurdity". The following group of writers is often distinguished - Tom Stoppard, Friedrich Dürrenmatt, Fernando Arrabal, Harold Pinter, Edward Albee and Jean Tardieu. Eugene Ionesco did not recognize the term "theater of the absurd" and called it "the theater of mockery." 

Igor Stravinsky, Alfred Jarry, Luigi Pirandello, Stanislav Vitkevich, Guillaume Apollinaire, surrealists and many others are considered to be the inspirers of the movement. 

The “theater of the absurd” (or “new theatre”) movement apparently originated in Paris as an avant-garde phenomenon associated with small theaters in the Latin Quarter, and after some time gained worldwide recognition. 

It is believed that the theater of the absurd denies realistic characters, situations and all other relevant theatrical devices. Time and place are uncertain and changeable, even the simplest causal relationships are destroyed. Senseless intrigues, repetitive dialogues and aimless chatter, dramatic inconsistency of actions – everything is subordinated to one goal: to create a fabulous, and maybe even terrible, mood. 

The Bald Soprano

The Bald Soprano (French La Cantatrice Chauve) is the first play by the Franco-Romanian playwright Eugène Ionesco.

The play was written in 1948 and was first staged by Nicolas Bataille at the Théâtre des Noctambules (The Night Owl Theatre) in Paris; premiered on May 11, 1950.

The play was not a success - until famous writers and critics, including Jean Anouilh and Raymond Quenot, supported it. Since 1957, she has been constantly going to the Théâtre de la Huchette (The Theater on rue Huchette). The play became one of the most frequently played in France.

The idea for the play came to Ionesco while he was trying to learn English with the Assimil method. Impressed by the contents of the dialogues, often very sober and strange, he decided to write an absurd play named "L'anglais sans peine" ("English without toil"). 

Christine, Princess Imperial of Brazil

Princess Christine of Ligne (born 11 August 1955 at Château de Belœil), is a Princess of Ligne by birth, as the daughter of Antoine, 13th Prince of Ligne, and a Princess of Brazil by marriage to Prince Antônio of Brazil.

Titles 

11 August 1955-25 September 1981: Her Highness Princess Christine of Ligne 

25 September 1981-15 July 2022: Her Highness Princess Christine of Brazil, Princess of Orleans-Braganza, Princess of Ligne

15 July 2022-present: Her Imperial Highness The Princess Imperial of Brazil 

Government of Italy

The Government of the Italian Republic is the constitutional body that heads the executive branch of Italy. Its fundamental regulation is located in Title III of the Italian Constitution.

It is composed of the President of the Council of Ministers and the Ministers, who form the Council of Ministers. Subsecretaries of State generally also form part of the Government, some of whom assume the role of deputy ministers.

It has its official headquarters in the Chigi Palace in Piazza Colonna in Rome. Other headquarters of the representation of the Italian Government are Villa Doria Pamphilj, Villa Madama and the Farnesina Palace, all located in Rome.

The current cabinet, called the Draghi Government, named after its President of the Council Mario Draghi, came into force on February 13, 2021 after being sworn in at the Quirinal Palace.

The Government is a constitutional body as provided by the Italian Constitution in articles 92, 93, 94, 95 and 96 and insofar as it contributes, in a position of independence from other state bodies, to the formulation of the political direction. Title III, section II, of the Constitution determines its discipline and functions. In general, the government also includes deputy secretaries of state, some of whom may be given the title of deputy ministers.

It is chaired by the President of the Council of Ministers, who ranks fourth in the order of precedence of Italian positions (after the President of the Republic, the President of the Senate, the President of the Chamber of Deputies

The president of the Council of Ministers has a position of pre-eminence over the other members of the government. He has the task of forming the government once the mandate has been received by the head of state and of electing the ministers. If he resigns, the whole government will have to resign too.

In government, one or more ministers may hold the position of Vice President of the Council of Ministers, elected by the Council of Ministers. His task is to replace the latter when the President is absent or has a temporary impediment.

How to Swim (1942 movie)

How to Swim is a cartoon made by Walt Disney Productions in 1942.

Great blue heron

The great blue heron ("Ardea herodias") is a bird in the Ardeidae family.

Carmine Coppola

Carmine Coppola (1910-1991) was an American composer. He is known for composing movie music. He was also a flutist, pianist, and songwriter. He wrote music for "The Godfather", "The Godfather Part II", "Apocalypse Now", "The Outsiders", and "The Godfather Part III""." All of these films were directed by his son Francis Ford Coppola. Coppola won an Academy Award for Best Original Score and a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score. He also had one Grammy Award nomination. 

The Offer

The Offer is a biographical drama miniseries about the making of "The Godfather". It is 10 episodes long. It shows the chaos, tension and struggles that occurred during the making of "The Godfather". The show stars Miles Teller as Albert Rudy, Matthew Goode as Robert Evans, and Dan Folger as Francis Ford Coppola. "The Offer" had mixed reviews with a 54% on Rotten Tomatoes.




Hempstead House

Hempstead House, also known as the Gould-Guggenheim Estate or Sands Point Preserve is a large estate in Naussau County, New York. It was built for Howard Gould and later for Daniel Guggenheim. The building is like a castle.The architectural style is Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals. 

Several movies have been shot here. Examples include "The Godfather" (1972), "Scent of a Woman" (1992), "Malcolm X" (1992) and "Great Expectations" (1998).

Gangster movie

Gangster film is a type of crime film. It is about gangs and organized crime. It is considered a subgenre of the crime genre. Notable directors in this subgenre are Martin Scorsese, Francis Ford Coppola, Quentin Tarantino and Brian De Palma. Notable actors in gangster films are Robert De Niro, Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, Joe Pesci, Frank Vincent, Wesley Snipes, Ray Liotta, Christopher Walken, and Samuel L. Jackson. 

The first official gangster film was "The Regeneration" (1915) and the first with sound was "The Lights of New York" (1928). There were a few notable films in the 1920s and early 1930s, including "Scarface" (1932), "Little Caesar" (1931) and "The Public Enemy" (1931)"." Films from th e 1930s to 1960s reflected political and cultural views on criminals. Punishment was strict and respect for authority important. Films showed criminals and organized crime as bad things. Several gangster films had warnings before the motion picture. Early films showed criminals as a result or product of society and not rebels. As a result, viewers could sympathize with the criminals. With the growth of the FBI, there were more films about police and government officials hunting criminals. Gangster films were often about trying to deal with crimes and detectives fighting crime. 

In 1968, the Hays Code that censored inappropriate films was removed. Directors now had more freedom. Some notable gangster films were made after 1968. They include "Bonnie and Clyde" by Arthur Penn and "Mean Streets" by Martin Scorcese"." The movie starred Robert De Niro. These films began to include move violence and gore. 

In the 1970s, "The Godfather" films by Francis Ford Coppola showed the Italian-American Mafia in New York. "The Godfather" is considered one of the best movies of all time. "The" "Godfather" movies changed the genre and made the genre more popular. Many films about the Mafia would follow in the 1970s and 1980s. Important films are the "Goodfellas" and "The Untouchables". 

Martin Scorcese has made several gangster films from the 1990s to 2010s. Scorsese often works with Robert De Niro and Joe Pesci. Scorsese has also worked with Leonardo DiCaprio in films like "Gangs of New York" and "The Departed". 

"For a more complete list of gangster films see List of Gangster Films." 







Warner Bros. Pictures Animation

Warner Bros. Pictures Animation (WBPA), (formerly known as Warner Animation Group (WAG)) is an American animation studio.

Watertown Daily Times

The Watertown Daily Times is a newspaper in Watertown, New York. It covers Jefferson County, Lewis County, St. Lawrence County and Oswego County. It started in 1861.

The Watertown Daily Times Times makes a lot of different publications, like the NNY Business magazine, the NNY Living magazine, the Journal and Republican of Lowville, the Courier-Observer of Massena and Potsdam and the Oswego County News. All of these publications are published online by NNY360.

The Watertown Daily Times is owned by the Johnson Newspaper Corporation, which owns newspapers across New York. The Johnson Newspaper Corporation also owns The Malone Telegram, The Daily News of Batavia, The Register-Star of Hudson, The Daily Mail of Catskill and the Livingston County News.

The Watertown Daily Times owns the WWNY radio and television stations. The television station is called WWNY-TV, and the radio station is now WTNY.

About Damn Time

"About Damn Time" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lizzo. It was released April 12, 2022, through Nice Life and Atlantic Records. It is the lead single from her second studio album, "Special" (2022).

The song has so far peaked at number two on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming her second-highest peak in the US, after "Truth Hurts" was at the top of the Hot 100 in 2019.

Michael Abney-Hastings, 14th Earl of Loudoun

Michael Abney-Hastings (22 July 1942 – 30 June 2012) was featured in the documentary Britains Real Monarch, he moved to Australia when he was 18.

Emblems (album)

Emblems is the fifth album by Matt Pond PA, released in 2004. It contains 12 songs totaling 49 minutes and 51 seconds in length.


Matt Pond PA

Matt Pond PA is a New York-based band that was created in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by singer-songwriter Matt Pond. Between 1998 and 2020 they have released numerous songs and records.







Juan Roca Brunet

Juan Roca Brunet (October 27, 1950 – July 9, 2022) was a Cuban basketball player. He won the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.

Brunet died in Havana, Cuba at the age of 72.

Gary Moeller

Gary Oscar Moeller (; January 26, 1941 – July 11, 2022) was an American football coach. He was head coach at the University of Michigan from 1990 to 1994. During his five seasons at Michigan, he won 44 games, lost 13 and tied 3.

Moeller died on July 11, 2022 at the age of 81.

Illinois Fighting Illini football

The Illinois Fighting Illini football team plays for the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (formerly Division I-A) level. 

The Fighting Illini are one of the first members of the Big Ten Conference. Illinois won five national championships and 15 Big Ten championships.

Monty Norman

Monty Norman (born Monty Noserovitch; 4 April 1928 – 11 July 2022) was an English movie composer and singer. He was best known for composing the "James Bond Theme".

Norman died on 11 July 2022 in Chicago, Illinois at the age of 94.

Bioenergetics

Bioenergetics is the study of energy transfer within living systems. For living organisms to function, they must transfer energy within their systems and between other organisms. These transfers happen following the Laws of Bioenergetics, which are themselves restatements of laws of thermodynamics. 
The first law states that energy cannot be created or destroyed. The total amount of energy must remain constant. Organisms cannot create energy, merely transform it from one form to another. For instance, plants do not create energy through photosynthesis, they convert energy from the sun into stored energy in food that can the be used to perform life functions. 

Energy is able to move through the systems by undergoing these energy conversion. As an example, energy from the sun is converted from thermal energy into chemical energy by a producer; the producer is then eaten by a consumer; and the energy travels up the food chain. At each level the amount of energy is reduced, following the second law of bioenergetics that states that energy transfer will always proceed in the direction of increased entropy, and the release of “free energy.” In this situation, most energy is lost as heat as it travels through the food chain. 
In living organisms, the molecule that is the source of the stored energy used for cell functions comes in the form of Adenosine Triphosphate, or ATP. The energy is stored in the bonds between the phosphates in the ATP. When energy is needed to do work, for instance moving materials across the cell membrane or for chemical reactions, the bonds are broken and energy is released. Cells therefore have to produce the ATP through the processes of photosynthesis and cellular respiration.

Catalina y Sebastián

Catalina y Sebastián is a Mexican telenovela produced by TV Azteca and starring Silvia Navarro and Sergio Basañez as protagonists.


List of gangster movies

The following is a comprehensive list of gangster films from 1900 to the present. 







Virility

Virility (from the Latin "virilitas", manhood or virility, derived from Latin "vir", man) means masculine characteristics with positive views.

Bjørn Inge Mo

Bjørn Inge Mo (16 March 1968 – 10 July 2022) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was mayor of Kåfjord from 2003 to 2015. He was in the Sámi Parliament of Norway from 2017 to 2020.

Mo died on 10 July 2022 at the age of 54.

Sámi Parliament of Norway

The Sámi Parliament of Norway (, , Lule Sami) is the representative body for people of Sámi heritage in Norway. 

The Parliament was opened on 9 October 1989. The seat is in the village of Kárášjohka (Karasjok) in Kárášjohka Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county. 

It currently has 39 representatives, who are elected every four years by direct vote from 7 constituencies. The current president is Silje Karine Muotka who represents the Norwegian Sámi Association.

Webb's First Deep Field

Webb's First Deep Field is the first operational image taken by the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST). It shows the galaxy cluster SMACS 0723 as it appeared 4.6 billion years ago. It was revealed to the public on 11 July 2022. Thousands of galaxies are visible in the image, which is the highest-resolution image of the early Universe ever taken.

"Webb's First Deep Field" is the first full-color image from the JWST, and the highest-resolution infrared view of the universe. The image shows thousands of galaxies. It also shows extremely distant galaxies, showing the most detailed view of the early universe until now.

It was first revealed to the public during a White House event on 11 July 2022 by U.S President Joe Biden.

Kåfjord

Kåfjord ( ; ) is a municipality in Troms county, Norway. 

The city is the 116th largest by area out of the 356 municipalities in Norway. Kåfjord is the 277th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 2,071.


Microsoft Office 2019

Microsoft Office 2019 (Second prepetual release Office 16) is an version of Microsoft Office for both Windows and Mac. It replaces Office 2016 and was replaced by Office 2021. It was release preview on April 27, 2018 for Windows 10 and June 12, 2018 for MacOS, later was retail release on September 24, 2018 on US/UK, October 1, 2018 on EU/EK and October 6, 2018 on India. Office 2019 has pubilshed on Office 365 subscribers are available this release. Microsoft plans will end extended support of Office 2019 on October 10, 2023, but it postponed on October 2025 because it unlike version. Office 2019 will ended support same as most Office 2016 and Windows 10 on October 14, 2025.

In April 27, 2018, Microsoft release Office 2019 Preview version for Windows 10 and June 12, 2018 for MacOS, later was retail on September 24, 2018 on worldwide.


Víctor Benítez

Víctor Benítez Morales (12 September 1935 – 11 July 2022) was a Peruvian footballer. He played as a centre-back or defensive midfielder. He played for the Italian clubs A.C. Milan, A.S. Roma and F.C. Internazionale Milano as well as Argentine club Boca Juniors. He won the European Cup title with A.C. Milan in 1963.

He also made 11 appearances for the Peru national football team between 1957 to 1959.

Benítez died on 11 July 2022 in Milan, Italy at the age of 86.

RAI

RAI – Radiotelevisione italiana (); mainly known as Rai since 2000 and it was known until 1954 as Radio Audizioni Italiane, is the national public broadcasting company of Italy.

It is owned by the Ministry of Economy and Finance. It is one of the biggest broadcasters in Italy. 

Underneath

Underneath is the fourth studio album by The Verve Pipe. The album was released on September 25, 2001.

Jeannie (TV series)

Jeannie is an American animated television series that originally aired for a 16-episode season on CBS from September 8 to December 22, 1973. It was produced by Hanna-Barbera in association with Screen Gems. Its founders are William Hanna and Joseph Barbera are the executive producers. Despite being a spin-off of sorts of the television sitcom "I Dream of Jeannie", "Jeannie" has little in common with its parent show. In this version, the title character is rescued on the beaches of southern California by a high school student, Corey Anders. Jeannie is accompanied by genie-in-training Babu, and they become companions to Corey and his best friend, Henry Glopp, both of whom also help Jeannie and Babu adjust to their new home as well as life in Los Angeles. The series was marketed towards a younger demographic than "I Dream of Jeannie".

Getty

Getty can mean:


Strahinja Pavlović

Strahinja Pavlović ( born 24 May 2001) is a Serbian footballer. He plays as centre-back for Austrian football club Red Bull Salzburg. He also plays in the Serbia national team.

Pavlović started at the local club Savacium. In summer of 2015 he came in the youth system of Partizan. In September 2018 he signed his first professional contract. He was promoted to the first team by manager Zoran Mirković ahead of winter preparations for the second half of the season.

On 23 February 2019 he made his debut for the club in a 3–0 home league win over Proleter Novi Sad. A week later, on March 2 of the same year, Pavlović played his first Eternal derby. At the time he was 17 years and 282 days old. In this year he made 15 matches and won the 2018–19 Serbian Cup.

In this year Pavlović signed a new five-year contract with Partizan. He scored his first career goal in a 2–1 home league loss against Voždovac on 6 October.

On 18 December 2019 he went to AS Monaco. Pavlović would remain on loan with Partizan until June 2020. He debuted on 20 December 2020 versus Dijon. On 21 January 2021 he went to Cercle Brugge on loan until the end of the season because he wanted matchtime.

On 16 February 2022 Pavlović was loaned to Basel in Switzerland until the end of the season.

In June 2022 Red Bull Salzburg announced the transfer of Pavlovic signing a contract till 2027.

Pavlović played in the U17 and U19 team of Serbia. He made his U21 debut on 6 September 2019 versus Russia. He debut in the first team was on 3 September 2020 also against Russia.

In 2022 he was called up to the Serbian squad for the World Cup. He made three appearances at the tournament. He also scored a goal in a 3-3 draw against Cameroon.

Kardashian

Kardashian can mean:


It may also refer to:

Jenner

Jenner can mean:


It may also refer to:

Osteocephalus cabrerai

Osteocephalus cabrerai is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Scientists think it may also live in French Guiana. Scientists have seen it as high as 250 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 39.7–45.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog can be as large as 71.4 mm. The male frogs and female frogs look different. The females have bumps on their skin called granules and the males have bumps on their skin called tubercles. The adult frog is green with bronze and brown spots and stripes. The sides are lighter. The belly is cream colored. There is a light mark above the lip.

Scientists named this frog for Isadore Cabrera. Cabrera caught the first sample of this frog.

Youba Diarra

Youba Diarra (born 24 March 1998) is a Malian footballer. He plays as midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg.
Diarra started his career in the youth teams of Yeelen Olympique. In January 2018 he moved to Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg. He was loand to Second Division club SC Wiener Neustadt. and made his debut in March 2018 against Floridsdorfer AC.

For the 2018–19 he played for Austrian Bundesliga club TSV Hartberg also on loan. After suffering a cruciate ligament rupture, the loan contract ended in January 2019.

After six months on loan with TSV Hartberg, he returned to FC Red Bull Salzburg in January 2019. In August 2019 he played for the first time for FC Liefering.

On 29 August 2019 he went on loan to FC St. Pauli for the 2019–20 season. He played only three matches for St. Pauli in the 2nd Bundesliga due to injury. His contract ended in January 2020 and he returned to Salzburg.

Diarra made his return from injury with FC Liefering during June 2020. On 11 June 2020, he scored his first goal as a professional in a 3–0 victory over Floridsdorfer AC. On 24 June 2020, Diarra scored another goal in a 4–1 victory over Wacker Innsbruck.

On 1 March 2021 he went on loan to MLS club New York Red Bulls. On 17 April 2021 he made his debut for New York.

On 8 January 2022 he went again to TSV Hartberg on another six-month loan. After the end of the loan he came back to Salzburg.

Elections in Argentina

The Elections in the Argentine Republic are held every two years to elect the legislative bodies (which are renewed by halves, in 4-year terms) and, since 1995, every four to elect the executive power (before they were held every six years). The national constitution, in its first article, establishes that the country has a "representative, republican and federal" government system. Due to its condition as a federal country, two main types of elections are regularly held in Argentina:



In all cases, voting is universal, secret and compulsory for citizens over 16 years of age; although for those under 18 and over 70 years of age, no sanction is foreseen in the event of No vote. In some cases, the vote of settled foreigners is allowed. In November 2012, a law was passed that allows young people between 16 and 18 years of age to vote optionally.

Argentine citizens living abroad may vote in embassies and consulates of Argentina.

Nino Rota

Giovanni Rota Rinaldi (1911-1979) or just Nino Rota was an Italian composer, pianist, conductor and academic. He is known for film music. He composed the music for Francis Ford Coppola's "Godfather" trilogy. He won an Academy Award for Best Original Score for "The Godfather: Part II". He wrote over 150 scores for films from 1930s to 1979. He also composed operas, ballets, orchestra works, chamber music and choral works. 

Gray Frederickson

Gray Frederickson (July 21, 1937 - November 20, 2022) was an American film producer. He has often worked with Francis Ford Coppola. He won an Oscar for "The Godfather: Part II". He was producer for "The" "Godfather trilogy", "Apocalypse Now" and "The Outsiders". 


Academy Award for Best Sound

The Academy Award for Best Sound is a yearly award given by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. The award is for best sound mixing, editing, recording and sound design.

Voiceless uvular plosive

The voiceless uvular stop is a consonant used in some spoken languages. The letter for it in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨q⟩. This sound is not in the English language but is similar to [k], represented by the "k" in king and the "c" in cat.


Gianni Russo

Gianni Vito Russo is an American actor and singer. He is known for playing Carlo Rizzi in "The Godfather".

Voiced labial–velar approximant

The voiced labial–velar approximant is a consonant sound, used in some spoken languages including English. It is the sound denoted by the letter in the English alphabet. Similarly, the symbol in the International Phonetic Alphabet that represents this sound is , and the equivalent X-SAMPA symbol is codice_1. In most languages it is the semivocalic counterpart of the close back rounded vowel .

Features of the voiced labial–velar approximant:



Richard Bright (actor)

Richard James Bright (June 28, 1937 – February 18, 2006) was an American actor. He is known for his role Al Neri in "The Godfather" movies. 

He was married to Elisa Granese from 1957⁠ to 1960, to​ Sue D Wallace ​in 1967, and to actress Rutanya Alda from 1977 until his death in 2006, when he was hit by a bus in New York City. He was survived by his wife Rutanya Alda, their son Jeremy, his daughter Diane, and his brother Charles.


Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay

The Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay is an annual award of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is the award for the best screenplay that comes from other material like novels, plays, musicals and other movies.

Whooping crane

The whooping crane ("Grus americana") is a bird in the Gruidae family. It is the tallest bird in North America, and can live for over 20 years.

There have been a number of attempts to help the bird population to increase, with some success. 

People who shoot the birds risk prosecution. a Louisiana man was sentenced to 45 days imprisonment and a $2500 fine after pleading guilty to a killing in November 2014,

Rudy Bond

Rudolph Bond (October 10, 1912 – March 29, 1982) was an American actor. He acted from 1947 till his death. He did theater, movies and Television. He played Don Carmine Cuneo in "The Godfather". 


Al Lettieri

Alfredo Lettieri (February 24, 1928 – October 18, 1975) was an American actor. He is known for playing Sollozzo in "The Godfather". He appeared with big stars in movies. He worked with Marlon Brando in "The Godfather" and "The Night of the Following Day".

Lenny Montana

Lenny Montana (born Leonardo Passafaro; March 13, 1926 – May 12, 1992) was an American actor. He is known for playing Luca Brasi in "The Godfather". Before acting, he was a professional wrestler and was involved in the New York Mafia. He was an enforcer for the Colombo Crime family.

The Brotherhood

The Brotherhood is a 1968 crime film about the mafia. It was directed by Martin Ritt. It stars Kirk Douglas, Irene Papas, Alex Cord, and Luther Adler. The film had mixed reviews, but was not successful. It was about the mafia, but there were no Italians or Italian-Americans in the film. It was the last gangster film that Paramount produced until "The Godfather".

Keane

Keane may refer to:


Richard Brooks

Richard Brooks (May 18, 1912 – March 11, 1992) was an American screenwriter. He was also a movie director, novelist and film producer. He got eight Oscar nominations. Notable works are "Blackboard Jungle" (1955), "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" (1958), "Elmer Gantry" (1960), "In Cold Blood" (1967) and "Looking for Mr. Goodbar" (1977). He won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for "Elmer Gantry." Brooks worked with Mark Hellinger and Warner Brothers. Later he worked with MGM and worked independently.



Joseph Colombo

Joseph Anthony Colombo Sr. ( ]; June 16, 1923 – May 22, 1978) was a crime boss. He was boss of Colombo Crime Family. This was one of the Five Families in New York City. His father was part of the Profaci crime family. Colombo inherited the leadership of Joseph Profaci. He created the Italian-American Civil Rights League in 1970. During his life, he was only 30 days in prison for contempt of court. During the Second Colombo War, Jerome A. Johnson shot Colombo several times. Colombo survived, but was paralyzed. Colombo died of a cardiac arrest.

Italian-American Civil Rights League

The Italian-American Civil Rights League (IACRL) is a group to politically and publicly support Italian-Americans. It was founded in 1970. Although it used legal means, it was connected to organized crime and the mafia such as the Colombo Crime Family. The group wanted to improve the image of mobsters and the Mafia. Today, the organization offers several educational and youth programs and other programs to support the community.

Chaco War

The Chaco War (Spanish: "Guerra del Chaco", Guarani: "Cháko Ñorairõ") was fought from 1932 to 1935 between Bolivia and Paraguay. They fought over the control of the northern part of the Gran Chaco region (known in Spanish as "Chaco Boreal"). The war is also referred to as "The War of Thirst" in literary circles since it was fought in the semi-arid Chaco.

The peace treaties gave two thirds of the disputed territories to Paraguay.

Mott Street

Mott Street (Chinese: 勿街; Jyutping: "Mat6gaai1") is a street in the Manhattan borough of New York City. The street is narrow, but very busy. It is considered the Main Street of Chinatown. Early immigrants were from Taishan, China. Later, more immigrants came from Hong Kong and Taiwan. Ah Ken was a businessman and first Chinese to settle in the area in the 19th century. The street has a history of gangs and is connected to gangs in popular culture. Cantonese gangs terrorized the town for 20 years.
Several crime shows and gangster films have been shot on the street. Examples include "The Godfather", "The Godfather: Part II" and "Once Upon a Time in America", as well as an episode of Law & Order.

Fortunella

Fortunella is a 1958 Italian comedy film. It was directed by Eduardo De Filippo. Federico Fellini wrote the script. The music is by Nino Rota. At the Academy Awards, Rota's score for "The Godfather" was removed, because some of the music was taken from "Fortunella".


Mitchel Air Force Base

Mitchel Air Force Base also known as Mitchel Field was a United States Air Force base. It is located on Long Island, New York. The base was active since the American Revolution. It was used during World War I and II. After World War 2, the base became an Air Force Base. The base was no longer in service in 1961. It is now home to the Cradle of Aviation Museum, Nassau Coliseum, Mitchel Athletic Complex, Nassau Community College, Hofstra University, and Lockheed. The area is a National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). 

Savoca

Savoca (Sicilian: Sàvuca) is a "comune" (municipality) in Italy. 
It is located within the Province of Messina in Sicily. The area borders Casalvecchio Siculo, Forza d'Agrò, Furci Siculo, Sant'Alessio Siculo, and Santa Teresa di Riva. 
The history of the area goes back to the Romans. The region became part of the Kingdom of Sicily in the 12th century. There was cultural and economic prosperity from the 15th to 18th century and decline since the 19th century. More people have been moving to the coastal regions of Sicily. Tourism has slowed down the decline. The town is part of the I Borghi più belli d'Italia. This is a collection of historic towns for tourism. The town has many historic buildings. Some notable buildings are castle Pentefur, old Town Hall, Archimandrite Palace, Church of San Michele and Church of San Nicolò. 
The town is also known, because "The Godfather" was filmed there, alongside the town Forza d'Agrò. The Bar Vitelli and the Church of San Nicolò were the two filming locations of "The Godfather".

Sara Telek

Sara Telek (born 8 August 1988) is an Austrian football match official. 

Telek is since 2013 referee of the Women Bundesliga She was selected to become an assistant referee at UEFA Women's Euro 2022.

Mark Stoermer

Mark August Stoermer (born June 28, 1977) is an American musician and songwriter. He was best known as the bassist for the rock band the Killers, with whom he has recorded six studio albums.

In addition to his work with the Killers, Stoermer has released three solo albums, ""Another Life"" in 2011, "Dark Arts" in 2016, and "Filthy Apes and Lions" in 2017. Stoermer also joined the Smashing Pumpkins to tour in support of the band's ninth studio album, "Monuments to an Elegy" (2014), and produced Howling Bells' third studio album "The Loudest Engine" (2011).

Dave Keuning

David Brent Keuning (born March 28, 1976) is an American guitarist and songwriter, best known for his role as the lead guitarist of the rock band The Killers, which he founded alongside Brandon Flowers in 2001 and with whom he has recorded six studio albums.

Guitars 

Sound Equipment

Picks: Dunlop Nylon – 0.60mm, 0.73mm, 1.00mm

Amplifiers

NOTE: Hiwatt currently are one of Keuning's sponsors.

As Keuning
Other appearances


Ronnie Vannucci Jr.

Ronald Vannucci Jr. (born February 15, 1976) is an American musician. He is best known for being the drummer for the American rock band the Killers. Vannucci is also involved in a side project called Big Talk, and became the drummer of the Rentals in 2018.

Forza d'Agrò

Forza d'Agrò is a town and "comune" in southern Italy. It is within Sicily, Italy. 

Greek settlers lived in the town from 8th century and the 5th century BC. The town was most likely a fortress. The Romans conquered the region in 135 BC. It was under Byzantine rule from 536 AD to 827 AD. The Monastery of the Church of S. Peter and Paul of Agrò were built. Roger I of Sicily and his successors built the Castle of Forza D'Agrò and rebuilt the monastery. Forza D'Agrò was loyal to the Spanish crown during the anti-Spanish revolution of 1674. The British used the Castle of S. Alessio and the Castle of Forza D'Agrò as forts against Napoleon in the 19th century. 

In the 1970s the town was one of the filming locations for "The Godfather" and "The Godfather: Part II", alongside Savoca.

William Reynolds

William Henry Reynolds (June 14, 1910 – July 16, 1997) was an American movie editor. He edited movies for sixty years. He edited "The Sound of Music", "The Godfather", "The Sting", and "The Turning Point". Reynolds got seven nominations for the Academy Award for Best Film Editing and won two for "The Sound of Music" and "The Sting".

Peter Zinner

Peter Zinner (July 24, 1919 – November 13, 2007) was an Austrian-American film editor, sound editor, and producer and filmmaker. He did more than fifty films from 1956 to 2006. His most notable films are "The Godfather" and "The Godfather: Part II". Other notable works are "The Professionals," "In Cold Blood, The Deer Hunter" and "An Officer and a Gentleman." 

Zinner fled Nazi Germany with his Jewish parents. In the 1940s, Zinner worked at 20th Century Fox Studios and later Universal Studios. He worked with composers Miklós Rózsa, Jacques Ibert, André Previn, Adolph Deutsch, and Bernard Herrmann. 

Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama

The Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama is an annual award. It is given by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. It is part of the Golden Globe Awards. 

Just a Gigolo (1931 movie)

Just a Gigolo is a 1931 American romantic comedy movie directed by Jack Conway and was based on the 1930 play "Dancing Partner" by Alexander Engel. It stars William Haines, Irene Purcell, C. Aubrey Smith, Charlotte Granville, Lilian Bond, Ray Millard and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


East Texas

East Texas is a loosely defined region in Texas in the USA. Much of the region holds the Piney Woods Ecoregion.

Big Bend (Texas)

Big Bend is in the southwest of Texas in the USA. Big Bend is found in the Trans-Pecos region and much of the area of Big Bend is also a part of the Big Bend National Park.

Argentina Provinces

In Argentina, each of the twenty-three federated states named in the Constitution of the Argentine Nation is called a province, which together with the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires constitute the first-order territorial divisions of the country. The provinces have full autonomy, are part of the Nation and are legally prior to it, according to the principles of federalism established in the National Constitution.

ESPN Premium

ESPN Premium (previously known as Fox Sports Premium) is an Argentine premium subscription television channel. It broadcasts soccer from Argentina.
On October 16, 2020, the Argentine Soccer Association broke the Argentine soccer television contract for the acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney, leaving Turner as the only company in the broadcast and leaving open the possibility that the Public Television broadcast matches at no additional cost. Finally, on October 30, the court ruled in favor of Disney, thus being able to broadcast the matches normally.

Because Disney sold the rights to everything related to Fox Sports to Mediapro, including the so-called "essential content" (thus complying with one of the rulings imposed by the National Commission for the Defense of Competition) in April 2022, the company kept the Argentine soccer rights that previously belonged to Fox, and therefore also keeping the Fox Sports Premium signal. Due to this, and Disney no longer owning the rights to the "Fox Sports" brand, on May 1, 2022 Fox Sports Premium was renamed to ESPN Premium to reflect this change.

Since 2017, it broadcasts half of the matches (7 of 14) of each date of the Argentine Professional Soccer League and the rest of the matches on a deferred basis, whether they are replays of the channel's matches, or the deferred broadcast of the rest of the 7 matches broadcast by TNT Sports, which are produced jointly by Torneos and the company "La Corte".

The channel has a similarity with the old organization of TyC Max, since you have to pay a monthly cost to watch the games.

Racing with the Moon

Racing with the Moon is a 1984 American romantic period drama movie directed by Richard Benjamin and starring Sean Penn, Elizabeth McGovern, Nicolas Cage, Crispin Glover, Dana Carvey, Pat Carroll, Michael Madsen, Oscar Quitak, Eve Brent, Barbara Howard. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Elena Rybakina

Elena Andreyevna Rybakina (born 17 June 1999) is a Russian-born Kazakhstani professional tennis player. She won the Wimbledon Championships in 2022 and she is the first Kazakhstani player to win a major title. She is also the first to be ranked in the world's top 15, with a career-high ranking of No. 12 by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA). Rybakina was born in Moscow, Russia.

The Power of One (movie)

The Power of One is a 1992 American Australian German French drama movie directed by John G. Avildsen and was based on the 1989 novel of the same name by Bryce Courtenay. It stars Stephen Dorff, Morgan Freeman, Armin Mueller-Stahl, Simon Fenton, John Gielgud, Fay Masterson, Daniel Craig, Clive Russell, Winston Ntshona, Christien Anholt and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Gil Burford

Gilbert Burford (February 29, 1924 – July 10, 2022) was an American ice hockey Right Wing. He played for Michigan in the late 1940s and early 1950s.

Burford died on July 10, 2022, at the age of 98.

Hirohisa Fujii

Fujii died on 10 July 2022 in Tokyo from problems caused by pneumonia, aged 90.

Gerald McEntee

Gerald William McEntee (January 11, 1935 – July 10, 2022) was an American trade union official. He was president of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) from 1981 to 2012.

McEntee died on July 10, 2022, at his home in Naples, Florida from problems caused by a stroke, aged 87.

Ducky Schofield

John Richard "Ducky" Schofield (January 7, 1935 – July 11, 2022), was an American professional baseball infielder. He played 19 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1953 to 1971 for the St. Louis Cardinals, Pittsburgh Pirates, San Francisco Giants, New York Yankees, Los Angeles Dodgers, Boston Red Sox, and Milwaukee Brewers.

Schofield died on July 11, 2022 in Springfield, Illinois at the age of 87.

Tony Binarelli

Antonio "Tony" Binarelli (16 September 1940 – 12 July 2022) was an Italian magician. He was honored with the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic. 

Binarelli died on 12 July 2022 at a hospital in Rome, at the age of 81.

Michael Fowler

Sir Edward Michael Coulson Fowler (19 December 1929 – 12 July 2022) was a New Zealand architect, writer and politician. He was the mayor of Wellington from 1974 to 1983. Fowler was born in Marton, New Zealand. He was a member of the National Party.

Fowler died on 12 July 2022 in Wellington, New Zealand from COVID-19 at the age of 92.

Donald Gregg

Donald Phinney Gregg (born December 5, 1927) is a retired American politician. Gregg worked for the Central Intelligence Agency for 31 years, from 1951 to 1982. He was a National Security Council advisor from 1979 to 1982. He was also the National Security Advisor to U.S. Vice President George H. W. Bush from 1982 to 1989.

Gregg was the United States Ambassador to Korea from 1989 to 1993.

Thomas R. Nides

Thomas Richard Nides (born 1961) is an American banker and politician. He was the United States Ambassador to Israel from December 2021 to July 2023 under the Joe Biden administration.

From 2013 to 2021, he was the managing director and vice-chairman of Morgan Stanley. He was the United States Deputy Secretary of State for Management and Resources from 2011 to 2013 during the Barack Obama administration.

Suspicious Minds

"Suspicious Minds" is a 1968 song written and first recorded by American songwriter Mark James. After this recording failed, it was covered by Elvis Presley, becoming a No. 1 song in 1969.

"Suspicious Minds" was one of the singles that helped Presley's chart success in the U.S., following his "'68 Comeback Special". 

It was his eighteenth and last No.1 single in the United States. 

In December 2003, "Rolling Stone" ranked it No. 91 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. 

Mark James (songwriter)

Mark James (born Francis Rodney Zambon; November 29, 1940) is an American singer-songwriter and producer. He wrote hits for singers B.J. Thomas, Brenda Lee, and Elvis Presley. He wrote Presley's last US number one hit single, "Suspicious Minds."

Angeleyes

"Angeleyes" (also known as "Angel Eyes") is a pop song written and recorded in 1978 by the Swedish group ABBA. It is on their sixth studio album, "Voulez-Vous". The lyrics and music were written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus. It is one of ABBA's most popular tracks in the United Kingdom. The song was a successful hit, peaking at No. 3 on the singles chart.

I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do

"I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do" is song by Swedish pop group ABBA. It was the third single to be released from their third studio album, "ABBA" (1975). The song was written by Benny Andersson, Björn Ulvaeus and their manager Stig Anderson. It was released in April 1975.

Neville Liyanage

Neville Cristy Kumara Liyanage was born 9 October, 1975 in Matugama. He is a Sri Lankan-Malaysian cricketer who played 6 Twenty20 Internationals for Malaysia.

Roma people in Argentina

There is approximately 300,000 Roma in Argentina, making it the country with the second largest Romani community in Latin America after Brazil. The first Romani subgroup to arrive were Spanish Kalé who came from Spain at different times and spoke Spanish dialects rather than the Romani language.

Roma people in Sweden

The Roma population in Sweden is estimated to be between 50,000 to 100,000 individuals. More than twenty dialects of the Romani language are spoken in Sweden. The Roma first arrived in Sweden more than 500 years ago.


Susanne Küng

Susanne Küng (born 19 March 1988) is a Swiss football match official. 

She was selected as an assistant referee at 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2020 Summer Olympics and UEFA Women's Euro 2022.

Ruying Culture and Art Museum

The Ruying Culture and Art Museum is located in a social and cultural institution in Xuchang. It currently runs pure literature newspapers such as "Poetry Ruying", "Ruying Young Writers", "School Poetry World" and "Youth Han Haiku", and co-organizes the pure literature publication "Literature Yu Army", "Dust Time" and other magazines.

Ruying Culture and Art Museum is located in Xuchang, the ancient capital of Cao Wei, and is officially registered by the famous writer and Nobel Prize winner Mo Yan, which is a comprehensive cultural and art institution officially registered with the approval of relevant departments and with the support and help of leaders from all walks of life and literature lovers. The museum is presided over by the board of directors in daily work, with young writers as the main support objects, through organizing literary and artistic cultural exchange activities, helping young writers improve their level of literary and artistic creation, disseminate scientific and cultural knowledge, and contribute to the socialist cultural cause.

Ruying Culture and Art Museum is a service organization that undertakes social public cultural undertakings and prosperses grassroots popular culture. For a long time, Ruying Culture and Art Museum has mainly supported young literary and artistic creators in colleges and universities, and actively played a service role. Assist young authors to publish the anthology "Ruying Young Writers: Old Times in the Alley", etc., and at the same time discover and cultivate literary talents through organizing a series of literary and artistic exchange activities, establish correct values and cultural views for young literary creators, feel the atmosphere of the new era, and understand the meaning of literary creation.

People's Television Network

People's Television Network (; abbreviated PTV) is the flagship state broadcaster owned by the Government of the Philippines. Founded in 1974, PTV is the main brand of People's Television Network, Inc. (PTNI), one of the attached agencies under the Presidential Communications Office (PCO). 

PTV, along with government-owned media companies Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation and the Philippine Broadcasting Service-Bureau of Broadcast Services, forms the media arm of the PCO and acts as a primary state television broadcaster that focuses on news, information and public service programming. Its head office, studios and transmitter are located at Broadcast Complex, Visayas Avenue, Barangay Vasra, Diliman, Quezon City.

As a government-run station, PTV receives funding from the General Appropriations Act (Annual National Budget) and sales from blocktimers and advertisers, among others. PTV also runs a former Muslim-oriented digital television channel Salaam TV.


List of People's Television Network stations and channels

These are the channels of the People's Television Network in the Philippines.


List of Manila Broadcasting Company stations

This is the list of radio and television stations owned and operated by Manila Broadcasting Company.

Note: all stations are licensed to MBC or its affiliate broadcast licensees (Philippine Broadcasting Corporation, Cebu Broadcasting Company and Pacific Broadcasting System)

<nowiki>*</nowiki>All provincial stations nationwide carrying DZRH via satellite.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Originating Stations of Love Radio Manila & Provincial


<nowiki>*</nowiki>
Temporary Broadcast in a Medium Power, the format of this station is EDM,Music.


Rosângela Lula da Silva

Rosângela da Silva (born 27 August 1966), commonly known by her nickname Janja, is a Brazilian sociologist and the current First Lady of Brazil, being married to 35th and the 39th President of Brazil Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. She was a communications advisor at Eletrobras.

José Serra

José Serra Chirico (; born March 19, 1942) is a Brazilian politician. He was a Senator from 2015 to 2023. He was senator before between 1995 to 2003. He is a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party.

He was Governor of São Paulo from 2007 to 2010. Before, he was Mayor of São Paulo from 2005 to 2006.

From 1987 to 1995, he was a Federal Deputy. He was the Minister of Planning and Budget from 1995 to 1996 and Minister of Health from 1998 to 2002 during the Fernando Henrique Cardoso administration. 

Serra was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the Michel Temer administration from 2016 to 2017.

Serra ran for President of Brazil in 2002 however lost the election to Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. He ran for president again in 2010, however he lost the election to Dilma Rousseff.

Tess Olofsson

Tess Olofsson (born 24 January 1988) is a Swedish international football referee. She has been an international football since 2016.

Since 2018, Olofsson has been a referee in the Swedish Svenska Cupen.

Olofsson was appointed to be a referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England.

Eduardo Paes

Eduardo da Costa Paes (, born 14 November 1969) is a Brazilian politician who was the mayor of the city of Rio de Janeiro from 2009 to 2012, re-elected for a second term from 2013 to 2016 and returning elected again in 2021. 

Fabio Ingolitsch

Fabio Ingolitsch (born 10. April 1992) is a former Austrian football player. Now he is football manager and head coach of FC Liefering in the Second Austrian League. 
He played for different clubs in lower classes of Salzburg. At the age of 25 he ended his career as player.

From 2012 to 2014 he trained youth teams of his local club SK Bischofshofen. In April 2016 he got the UEFA A-license at the age of 24 .With the beginning of the 2017/18 season he became assistant coach to Janusz Góra und Gerhard Struber for FC Liefering. He also was assistant coach under Bo Svensson. In January 2021 Matthias Jaissle became head coach of Liefering and Ingolitsch head coach of the U-18 team. In October 2021 he got the UEFA-Pro-license. At the age of 29 he was the youngest Austrian who did so. With the start of the 2022/23 season he came back to Liefering as head coch. At the end of the season he left the club.

Ingolitsch is also a teacher. He is the older brother of Sandro who plays for SK Sturm Graz in the Bundesliga..

List of television and radio stations in Metro Cebu

The following are the lists of television and radio stations broadcasting in Cebu City in the Republic of the Philippines.






Caetés, Pernambuco

Caetés (, , "Caaetes") is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco, in northeastern Brazil. It is the birthplace of former president of Brazil Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. 

Osteocephalus carri

Osteocephalus carri is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Colombia. It lives near the Amazon River and a little way up into the Andes mountains. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Osteocephalus buckleyi", but it is not. Scientists watched the frogs and saw the tadpoles of the two species looked different.

1922 Pro Patria women's international athletics competition

The 1922 Pro Patria women's international athletics competition was an international women's athletics competition organised by Dutch athletics club R.A.V. Pro Patria on 27 August 1922. The competition was the earliest women's international athletics competitions in the Netherlands, with the 100 metres being the first event. It was organised by Pro Patria as celebration of the opening of their own new sports field at the "Vlaggenmastkade" in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.

A team of the Netherlands and a team of the German Berliner Turn Verein. Jahn Neukoln participated. The competition consisted of a 100 metres event and a 4x 100 metres relay.

During the day also men's national athletics competitions took place. In the morning junior events and in the afternoon men's events.

On 21 August the first names were announced for the competition.

From the Netherlands the Dutch national record holder and national champion in the 80 metres Annie van de Blankevoort of club Rozenburg was part of the competition. Besides of her, four athletes of G.S.V. completed the "Rotterdam" team.

From Germany the club of Berliner Turn Verein. Jahn Neukoln was invited, including national champion Margarete Furchheim.

Negotiations had been made to bring club Crefeldsche Athletiek Veriein. "Der Comet". However, the club didn't come to the competition.

Mister C. van der Ende (president-camp judge) was the first speaker. In kind words he complimented the present clubs. After his speach the flag of Pro Patria was raised. The next three speakers were Seton in name of athletics club R.V.B.; D. van Krevelen in name of the athletic association of South Holland (Z.H.A.B.) and Hartog in name of O.D.I.. The athletics club G.S.V. handed over a laurel wreath. Then G. Büff answered the row of speakers. Mr. Balfoort (Physical Education Inspector) thereafter thanked for his presence. Finally, Mr Van der Ende gave the signal to start.

At the time there was not yet an official Dutch national record in the 100 metres. Before the competition newspapers mentioned the "best performance" in the 100 m of Annie van de Blankevoort with a time of 13.1 seconds.

The women's international competitions were held under good weather conditions in the afternoon of 27 August 1922.

Source:

The German Margarete Furchheim won her semi-final and ran with remarkable ease 8 metres ahead of De Bock.
The relay event was an easy win for the Rotterdam team.

Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama

The Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama is an annual award. It is part of the Golden Globe Awards. It is given by Hollywood Foreign Press Association.

The following actors have multiple awards: Tom Hanks, Jack Nicholson, Marlon Brando, Daniel Day-Lewis, Leonardo DiCaprio, Dustin Hoffman, Peter O'Toole, Al Pacino, Gregory Peck and Jon Voight. The actors with more than five nominations are: Al Pacino, Denzel Washington, Leonardo DiCaprio, Jack Nicholson, Daniel Day-Lewis, Paul Newman, Tom Hanks and Jack Lemmon. 












Golden Globe Award for Best Director – Motion Picture

The Golden Globe Award for Best Director – Motion Picture is an annual award. It is for a director of a movie. It is part of the Golden Globe Awards. The directors with the most nominations are Steven Spielberg and Martin Scorsese. 


















Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture

The Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture is an annual award. It is a Golden Globe Award. It is given by Hollywood Foreign Press Association. 

The following actors have won multiple awards: Richard Attenborough (consecutive), Edmund Gwenn, Martin Landau, Edmond O'Brien, Brad Pitt, and Christoph Waltz. Jack Nicholson and Ed Harris have the most nominations. 

David Brian - Intruder in the Dust







The Wire

The Wire is an American crime drama television series created by former reporter David Simon. It is set and produced in Baltimore, Maryland. The series began airing on the premium cable network HBO on June 2, 2002 and ended March 9, 2008. It had 60 episodes in five seasons. 

The characters are divided into six groups: the law, the politicians, the street, the schools, the docks, and the paper. 

Execuflight Flight 1526

Execuflight Flight 1526 was an Execuflight airline charter flight from Dayton Airport, Ohio to Akron Fulton Airport on November 10, 2015, with a Hawker 800. On final approach to Akron, the pilots lost control of the aircraft and crashed in a residential neighborhood and exploded. The nine occupants were killed in the crash, the aircraft and the house in which it had crashed, had burned completely at the accident site.

The crew consisted of 40-year-old Colombian Captain Oscar Chávez and 50-year-old Italian First Officer Renato Marchese. There were no flight attendants on the flight. The captain had been with the airline since June 4, 2015. His cumulative flight experience was 6,170 hours, of which he had flown 3,414 hours as pilot in command. He had 1,020 hours of flight experience with the accident plane, of which 670 hours as pilot in command. The first officer was hired by Execuflight on June 1, 2015. He had 4,382 hours of flight experience, 3,200 of which he had served as pilot in command. His flight experience with accident-type aircraft totaled 482 hours, which he had completed in its entirety as a first officer.

Flight 1526 took off from Dayton Wright Brothers Airport (MCY) to Akron-Canton Airport (CAK). Flight 1526 was cruising altitude at 17,000 feet (5,180 metres). 

When they are descending to 13,000 feet (3,960 metres), the Captain checks the weather to the control tower and they reported winds at 290 degrees at 07 celcius, visibility at 2km, and temperature at 09 celcius, but unpredictable that they've overcast the weather in the Airport. 

As the crew descending at 9,000 feet (2,740 metres), the controller reported the visibility changes at 1.5 mist, weather condition 600 feet broken, and temperature 11 celcius. The Akron weather is getting worse if there's a possible chance to land in Akron-Canton Airport. 

6 minutes from landing, the crew got a new distraction. The flight instructor was also teaching the pilot how to land in bad weather as the same runway as Flight 1526. The controller holds Flight 1526 onto the approach and requested heading 360, reducing speed 170 knots, and maintaining 3,000 feet which they need to hold their course and delaying their descent. After 2 minutes further delay on runway 25 localizer, Flight 1526 is cleared to land. The crew was notified that the piper had landed safely on the runway and the pilots are now ready to land. While approaching on the runway, the crew checks the final preparations onto the runway 25 localizer. As 2 miles from the runway, the pilots still searching when the visibility gets worsen. They need to have their safe minimum descent altitude until the pilots could see the runway. When the plane breaks through a thick clouds, they can see the ground clearly. As the plane still approaching and still looking at the runway, they've descended very steeply as they still looking on the runway. When they are below minimum descent altitude, the First Officer tried to push the throttle up, then the stick shaker and aerodynamic stall warning sounded when they are in danger above minimum approach onto the runway and which resulted the plane crashes in a 2-story residential building area.

Recordings and interviews with the colleagues of the pilots showed that the pilots were overly tired at the time of the accident, having only slept about six hours a night on average during the previous nights. 

They lowered the aircraft below the safe altitude of 473 feet, although they could see the ground but still could not see the runway. As they searched for the runway, they failed to see that the airspeed had dropped to 98 knots, causing an aerodynamic stall.
The accident is featured in the 2nd episode of Season 21 of "Air Crash Investigation," also known as "Mayday." The episode is titled "Playing Catch Up".

Bucyrus, North Dakota

Bucyrus is a city in Adams County, North Dakota, United States.

Haynes, North Dakota

Haynes is a city in Adams County, North Dakota, United States.

Reeder, North Dakota

Reeder is a city in Adams County, North Dakota, United States.

Dazey, North Dakota

Dazey is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Fingal, North Dakota

Fingal is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Kathryn, North Dakota

Kathryn is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Leal, North Dakota

Leal is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Litchville, North Dakota

Litchville is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Nome, North Dakota

Nome is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Oriska, North Dakota

Oriska is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Pillsbury, North Dakota

Pillsbury is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Rogers, North Dakota

Rogers is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Sanborn, North Dakota

Sanborn is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Sibley, North Dakota

Sibley is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States.

Zee News

Zee News is an Indian Hindi- language television channel, that focus on posting News. The channel is owned by Subhash Chandra's Essel Group. It was launched on 27 August 1999 and is the flagship channel of the Zee Media Corporation.

The channel has been involved in several controversies and has broadcast fabricated news stories many times. The channel has been subjected to an ongoing criminal defamation case against legislator Mahua Moitra as of March 2020.

Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score

The Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score is an annual award. It is a Golden Globe Award. The Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) gives the award. 

Composer John Williams has the most nominations (24) and wins. 


Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay

The Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay – Motion Picture is an annual award. It is a Golden Globe Award. It is given by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.

National Society of Film Critics

The National Society of Film Critics (NSFC) is an organization of film critics. The society gives out annual awards. The awards are very competitive. There are 60 members from newspapers and other media. The society also publishes books and articles. 


BAFTA Award for Best Original Music

The BAFTA Award for Best Original Music is annual award for movie composers. It is given by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. It used to be called Anthony Asquith Award for Film Music. 

John Williams and Hans Zimmer have the most nominations. 








"This list is incomplete. You can help by expanding it."

The following individuals have been nominated for the award multiple times:

"This list is incomplete. You can help by expanding it."

The following individuals have won the award multiple times:

C'è la luna mezzo mare

"Luna mezz'o mare" (Moon amid the sea) is a comic Italian song. It was written in 1927 and has gotten worldwide popularity. It is often sung at Italian-American weddings. The song has been translated and made into hit songs. Hit versions include "Oh! Ma-Ma! (The Butcher Boy)" by Rudy Vallée and "Lazy Mary (Luna Mezzo Mare)" by Lou Monte. The song appears in "The Godfather."

The song has been notably recorded with the following performers and titles:

Jacintha Weimar

Jacintha Weimar (born 11 June 1998) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Feyenoord and the Netherlands national team.

Weimar played with Bayern München in the Frauen-Bundesliga in Germany. Afterwards she played with SC Sand, also in Germany.

Van Domselaar has represented Netherlands at various youth levels.

In July 2022, she was called up to the senior team during the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 after goalkeeper Sari van Veenendaal had to leave due to an injury in the first match.

Loew's State Theatre (New York City)

Loew's State Theatre was a movie theater. It is located on 1540 Broadway on Times Square in New York City. The theater opened in August 29, 1921 and closed in 1987. Many films have premiered in the theatre. Notable ones include "The Three Musketeers" (1948), "Annie Get Your Gun" (1950), "Some Like It Hot" (1959), Ben-Hur (1959), "Becket" (1964), and "Doctor Dolittle" (1967), "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" (1968) and "The Godfather" (1972).

Central Texas

Central Texas is a region in Texas in the USA in and around Austin.

Colby Donaldson

Colby Donaldson is an American TV personal. He is known for being on survivor.


African-American culture

African American culture is the culture of African Americans. African Americans are black citizens of the United States brought to America during the slave trade who have origins in Africa. African American culture is influenced by African, European and Native American cultures. Soul food is a cuisine from the Southern United States influenced by West African cuisine, Native American cuisine and the cuisine of the Southern United States eaten and cooked by African Americans. Many American music genres such jazz, rock, blues, R&B, hip hop can trace their roots to African American communities. Many African Americans speak AAVE, a dialect influenced by Southern American English.


A Crime (1940 movie)

A Crime (Swedish: Ett brott) is a 1940 Swedish crime drama movie directed by Anders Henrikson (who also stars) and was based on the 1933 play of the same name by Sigfrid Siwertz. Also starring Edvin Adolphson, Karin Ekelund, Carl Barcklind, Gösta Cederlund, Håkan Westergren, Sigurd Wallén, Dagmar Ebbesen, Einar Axelsson, Åke Claesson.

Ivo Fürer

Jakob Andreas Ivo Fürer (20 April 1930 – 12 July 2022) was a Swiss prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Bishop of St. Gallen from 1995 to 2005. Fürer was born in Gossau, St. Gallen, Switzerland.

Fürer died on 12 July 2022 in Gossau from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 92.

Bramwell Tovey

Bramwell Tovey, (11 July 1953 – 12 July 2022) was a British conductor and composer. He conducted for the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra and the Rhode Island Philharmonic Orchestra. He also composed the movie score for "Eighteen".

Trovey died in Barrington, Rhode Island on 12 July 2022 from a sarcoma at the age of 69.

List of programs broadcast by the Nick Jr. Channel

The following is a list of programs broadcast by the Nick Jr. Channel.

The Nick Jr. Channel was launched on September 28, 2009 as a spin-off of Nickelodeon's long-running preschool programming block of the same name, which had aired since 1988. The channel features original series and reruns of programming from Nickelodeon's weekday morning lineup.


"Parenthood" was acquired and exclusive to NickMom. Other series were acquired via Nick at Nite.

Arturo Alessandri Besa

Arturo Alessandri Besa (31 October 1923 – 13 July 2022) was a Chilean lawyer and politician. Alessandri was member of his country's Chamber of Deputies in 1973 and also of the Senate from 1990 to 1998. He also was candidate for the presidency of Chile in the 1993 elections. 

He was the grandson of Arturo Alessandri Palma and the nephew of Jorge Alessandri, both presidents of Chile. He was born in Santiago, Chile.

Alessandri Besa died on 13 July 2022 in Santiago at the age of 98.

Antti Litja

Antti Vilho Olavi Litja (21 February 1938 – 12 July 2022) was a Finnish actor. He was born in Helsinki, Finland. Litja was known for his roles in "The Clan – Tale of the Frogs" (1984), "Farewell, Mr. President" (1987), "The Glory and Misery of Human Life" (1988), "Princess" (2010) and "The Grump" (2014).

Litja died on 13 July 2022 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 84.

Charlotte Valandrey

Charlotte Valandrey (29 November 1968 – 13 July 2022) was a French actress and author. Valandrey's first movie role was in the 1985 political drama "Red Kiss". In 1986, she appeared in the music video for David Bowie's song "As The World Falls Down".

Valandrey died on 13 July 2022 at a hospital in Paris from problems caused by heart surgery at the age of 53.


Blue Beetle (movie)

Blue Beetle is a 2023 American superhero movie based on the DC Comics character Jaime Reyes / Blue Beetle. It was released by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the 16th movie in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The movie is directed by Angel Manuel Soto and stars Xolo Maridueña as the title character.


Harvey Guillén stars Dr. "Sanchez", a scientist who works for Victoria; and Becky G as the voice of Khaji-Da, an entity that imbues and controls the Scarab. An uncredited actor portrays Ted Kord in a voice-only cameo appearance in the mid-credits scene.

Harvey Guillén

Javier "Harvey" Guillén (; born May 3, 1990) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as the human Guillermo de la Cruz in the 2019 television series "What We Do in the Shadows".

He identifies as queer.

Bruna Marquezine

Bruna Reis Maia (born 4 August 1995), known professionally as Bruna Marquezine, is a Brazilian actress. She is known for her roles in the telenovelas "Mulheres Apaixonadas", "América", "Salve Jorge", "I Love Paraisópolis" and "Deus Salve o Rei".

She will play Jenny Kord in the upcoming 2023 DCEU movie "Blue Beetle".

Chris Sarandon

Christopher Sarandon (; born July 24, 1942) is an American actor. He is well known for playing Jerry Dandrige in "Fright Night" (1985), Prince Humperdinck in "The Princess Bride" (1987), Detective Mike Norris in "Child's Play" (1988), and Jack Skellington in "The Nightmare Before Christmas" (1993).

He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role Leon Shermer in "Dog Day Afternoon" (1975).

Joanna Gleason

Joanna Gleason (née Hall; born June 2, 1950) is a Canadian actress and singer. She played Baker's Wife in Stephen Sondheim's "Into the Woods" where she won the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical. 

She was also in Mike Nichols' "Heartburn" (1985), Woody Allen's "Hannah and Her Sisters" (1986), and "Crimes and Misdemeanors" (1989), and Paul Thomas Anderson's "Boogie Nights" (1997). She also played Kim Clozzi in two episodes of "Friends".

Her parents were Monty Hall and Marilyn Hall.

Defeated at the Regatta (Rotta)

Defeated at the Regatta (also known as Sconfitto alla regata or Last Prize in Venice Boat Race) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Antonio Rotta. It was painted about 1858, in Venice, Italy. Is in the collection of the Pinacoteca di Brera of Milano.

The painting after being purchased, by the will of the House of Savoy, in 1858 for the collection of Palazzo Reale di Torino, and placed on the first floor of Palazzo Reale in the Galleria delle Battaglie it was sold to the Pinacoteca di Brera in Milan.

In 1860 in Turin, Antonio Rotta aroused the enthusiasm and emotion of the public for the "Sorrowful Hunter who takes care of his dying dog", which remained unsold due to the high sum of 3000 lire (250 gold napoleons), the highest price of the time found throughout the Venice exhibition. The work was strongly applauded by Carlo Tenca. In "The boring page", created in sequence with "The profaned page", Risorgimento and anti-Austrian political allusions were read by a reviewer and the artist was treated as a "philosopher painter", capable of instilling noble "superior ideas" into childhood.

The painting portrays the despair over the defeat of a regatta in the Republic of Venice.





Light Sleeper

Light Sleeper is a 1992 American crime drama movie directed by Paul Schrader and starring Willem Dafoe, Susan Sarandon, Dana Delany, David Clennon, Mary Beth Hurt, Victor Garber, David Spade, Sam Rockwell. It was distributed by Fine Line Features.


Secular religion

A secular religion is a belief that often rejects or neglects the metaphysical aspects of the supernatural, commonly associated with traditional religion, instead placing typical religious qualities in earthly entities.



Sweet Liberty

Sweet Liberty is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Alan Alda (who also stars) and also starring Michelle Pfeiffer, Michael Caine, Bob Hoskins, Lise Hilboldt, Lillian Gish, Saul Rubinek. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Vaughan Brown

Vaughan Raymond Brown was born 3 November, 1959 in Christchurch. He is a former cricketer who played 2 tests and 3 one-day internationals for New Zealand in the 1980s.


UCLA Taser incident

The UCLA Taser incident occurred on November 14, 2006, when Mostafa Tabatabainejad, a fourth-year University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) student, was drive stunned multiple times with a Taser by campus police, for allegedly refusing to be escorted out of the College Library Instructional Computing Commons (CLICC) lab at Powell Library. The police had been called after Tabatabainejad had refused to provide his BruinCard (student ID) to a UCLA Community Service Officer during a routine check. Part of the incident was recorded on video by a camera phone.



University of Florida Taser incident

On September 17, 2007, U.S. Senator John Kerry addressed a Constitution Day forum at the University of Florida in Gainesville, which was organized by the ACCENT Speakers Bureau, an agency of the university's student government. Initially allowed to ask questions after the close of the question period, Andrew Meyer, a 21-year-old fourth-year undergraduate mass communication student, entered into a planned line of questioning and was forcibly pulled away from the microphone. He immediately resisted the campus security and was subsequently arrested by university police. During arrest, the officers asked him repeatedly to stop resisting, but Meyer continued to struggle and scream for help. While six officers held Meyer down one of the officers drive stunned him with a Taser following Meyer's shouted plea to the police, "Don't tase me, bro!".
Several videos of the episode were posted on the Internet, with one version reaching 7 million views on YouTube. The "New Oxford American Dictionary" listed "tase/taze" as one of the words of the year for 2007, popularized by the widespread use of the phrase "Don't tase me, bro!". Meyer registered the phrase as a trademark in September 2007.

Toby Turner had made a remix of Meyer shouting "Don't tase me, bro!" to the police on YouTube and had over 1.0 million views on the University remix. He went to University of Florida, so he would've witnessed the university incident while in the auditorium. This would've caused Toby to laugh maniacally.



Eaton Township Weis Markets shooting

In the morning of June 8, 2017, employees at a Weis Market supermarket in Eaton Township, Pennsylvania were stocking and closing the store for the night. Shortly before 1:00 a.m., 24-year-old Randy Stair barricaded the exits of the store and started to shoot and kill three of his co-workers before shooting himself.


After the shooting, Stairs' parents Robert Stair and Lori Anne Stair offered their condolences towards the victims' families, Stair's father commented. 

Bone Thugs-n-Harmony

Bone Thugs-N-Harmony (formerly known as B.O.N.E. Enterprises) is an American hip hop group. Its members are Bizzy Bone, Wish Bone, Layzie Bone, Krayzie Bone, and Flesh-n-Bone. The group was signed to Ruthless Records in late 1993, when they debuted with their EP "Creepin on ah Come Up". The EP included their breakout hit single "Thuggish Ruggish Bone". Their hit song "Tha Crossroads", won a Grammy Award in 1997. It was a tribute to Eazy-E. 

The group is considered as one of the greatest hip hop groups of all time. Bone Thugs-n-Harmony is the only group that has worked with Tupac Shakur, the Notorious B.I.G., Eazy-E, and Big Pun while they were all still alive. About.com ranked them number 12 on its list of the 25 Best Rap Groups of All Time. MTV called them "the most melodic hip-hop group of all time."



The Prisoner of Zenda (1913 movie)

The Prisoner of Zenda is a 1913 American silent adventure movie directed by Hugh Ford and Edwin S. Porter. It was based on the 1894 novel of the same name by Anthony Hope and starring James K. Hackett, Beatrice Beckley, David Torrence, Frank Shannon, Minna Gale. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Molecular subtypes

Molecular subtyping of cancer, as its name suggests, is a new way to classify cancers into different groups based on molecular data and classification models. Unlike the traditional histological classification of cancer, molecular classifications rely on biomarkers and classifiers. Biomarkers can be informative genes, microRNAs (miRNAs), DNA methylation markers and others. Classifiers can be built by machine learning algorithms, such as Prediction Analysis for Microarrays (PAM), Support Vector Machines (SVMs) and more.

Fernando González

Fernando Francisco González Ciuffardi (; born 29 July 1980) is a Chilean former professional tennis player. He played in all quarterfinals of all four Grand Slam tournaments. He played his only major final at the 2007 Australian Open, losing to top-seeded Roger Federer. He has also won Olympic gold, bronze and silver medals.

Since 2017, he is in a relationship with retired Argentine field hockey player Luciana Aymar. They have a son.

Eugenio Scalfari

Eugenio Scalfari (; 6 April 1924 – 14 July 2022) was an Italian journalist and politician. He was editor of the news magazine "L'Espresso". He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1968 to 1972 as a member of the Italian Socialist Party. He was a co-founder of the newspaper "La Repubblica" and its editor from 1976 to 1996. Scalfari was born in Civitavecchia, Italy. He also wrote for "Il Mondo" and "L'Europeo".

Scalfari died on 14 July 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 98.

2022 Sri Lankan presidential election

Presidential elections were held in Sri Lanka on 20 July 2022. President Gotabaya Rajapaksa left the country on 13 July 2022 instead of resigning as he promised. Ranil Wickremesinghe won the election and will serve a term of 2 years.







A Lion in Town

A Lion in Town (Swedish: Lejon på stan) is a 1959 Swedish comedy movie directed by Gösta Folke and starring Nils Poppe, Ann-Marie Gyllenspetz, Herman Ahlsell, Jan-Erik Lindqvist, Sigge Fürst, Olof Thunberg, Git Gay, Åke Fridell.

Brazilian slender-legged tree frog

The Brazilian slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus subtilis") is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Brazil and Colombia. Scientists think it may also live in Peru.

Scientists saw this frog sitting on plants 1-2 m above the ground.

This frog is brown in color with brown or red stripes sideways across its back. Its eyes are very large. There is a white spot above each eye.

Bongkosh Rittichainuwat

Bongkosh Ngamsom Rittichainuwat is an Thai Researcher, Scholar, Professor and academic administrator. She is currently Associate Dean & Professor of the international College of Hospitality & Tourism Management at Siam University. She is also the board member of "Pacific Asia Travel Association".


Siam University

Siam University  is a university in Bangkok, Thailand. It is in the Phasi Charoen District. 
In 1965 Narong Mongkhonvanit established Siam University as a three-year private engineering college. Siam University, previously known as Siam Technical College, was legally founded as an institution of higher education with degree-granting authority in 1973. Siam Technical College was later renamed Siam Technical Institution, a full-fledged private, non-profit university, in 1986. Three years later, the name was changed once more to Siam University to symbolize the breadth of academic options available.

Priyanka Rani Joshi

Priyanka Rani Joshi (born 19 March 1998) is a Nepalese model and Miss Nepal World 2022. 

Phuspa Ram KC

Phuspa Ram KC was the 11th Armed Police Force Inspector General (Nepal).


Joosje Burg

Joosje Burg (born 29 July 1997) is a Dutch field hockey forward from Veghel. She plays with HC 's-Hertogenbosch and the Netherlands women's national field hockey team.

Burg plays with HC Den Bosch since 2015.

Burg played with the national Under–21 team at the 2016 Women's Hockey Junior World Cup in Santiago, Chile.

Burg was a reserve player during the 2020–21 Women's FIH Pro League and made her debut in the 2021–22 Women's FIH Pro League. She scored during the league several times.

She was selected in the Netherlands squad for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey World Cup, held in July 2022.

The father of Burg died in January 2019 from a fatal accident during a holiday in Thailand.

Raju Aryal

Raju Aryal is the Armed Police Force's Inspector General of Nepal. He was designated as the successor to the 12th Armed Police Force (Nepal) on May 2, 2022.


Radhika Tamang

Radhika Tamang is the deputy speaker of the Provincial Assembly of the Bagmati Province and a politician from Nepal. In May 2018, she won a seat in the Nuwakot 1 (constituency).

Tamang people

The Tamang are an indigenous Tibetano-Burmese-speaking ethnic tribal group from Nepal whose cast name is Tamang. In Nepal, Tamang/Moormi people make for 1.539,830 persons, or 5.6% of the country's total population, up from 1.3 million in 2001.

Rajendra Laxmi Gaire

Rajendra Laxmi Gaire is a politician in Nepal and a member of the Communist Party of Nepal, is known by his Nepali name of (Unified Marxist-Leninist). She was chosen in the Nepalese National Assembly election of 2022 and is also a member of the Rashtriya Sabha.


Lisa Post

Lisa Post (born 27 January 1999) is a Dutch field hockey defender from Eindhoven. She plays with HC Oranje-Rood and the Netherlands women's national field hockey team.

Burg played with HC Oranje-Rood and moved to SCHC in 2022.

Post played with the national Under–21 team at the 2017 Women's EuroHockey Junior Championship and 2019 Women's EuroHockey Junior Championship.

Burg made her internatioal debut during the 2019 Women's FIH Pro League. She was selected in the Netherlands squad for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey World Cup, held in July 2022.

National Assembly (Nepal)

The lower house of the Federal Parliament of Nepal is known as the House of Representatives, while the upper house is known as the National Assembly or Rastriya Sabha (Nepali:राष्ट्रिय सभा; Rāṣṭriya sabhā). The Constitution of Nepal's Parts 8 and 9 define the Assembly's makeup and authority. There are 59 members in total: three are nominated by the President on the advice of the government, and eight are chosen by electoral colleges in each of the seven provinces.

Hélène Brasseur

Hélène Brasseur (born 4 January 2002) is a Belgian field hockey defender. She plays with La Gantoise HC and the Belgium women's national field hockey team.

Brasseur plays since 2017 with La Gantoise HC and became national champion with the team in 2021 and 2022.

Brasseur made her internatioal debut in 2020. She was selected in the Belgian squad for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey World Cup, held in July 2022.

Sanil Shahi

Sanil Shahi is a pro boxer from Nepal. At the 2019 South Asian Games in Nepal, he competed for Nepal and took home a gold medal. Additionally, he represents Nepal Police Club. He also represents Nepal Police Club.

Nepal Police Club

The Nepal Police own and operate the sports club known as Nepal Police Club (formerly Mahendra Police Club). The club plays in Nepal's premier club football league, the Martyr's Memorial A-Division League. Mahendra Police Club, which was founded in 1952 and is named for King Mahendra Bir Bikram Shah Dev, has been a member of the New Nepal League from that organization's founding. The club placed second in the 2004–05 season and third the next.

Nepal Police

The main and national law enforcement organization in Nepal is called Nepal Police. Its major duties are to uphold law and order, prevent crime, and cd

arry out criminal investigations within the boundaries set by the Nepalese Constitution. In addition to its basic function, Nepal Police also performs a wide range of ceremonial functions, including VIP protection, security of important infrastructure, traffic management, secret services, intelligence gathering, riot control, disaster management, hostage rescue, and several other roles.

Bhupendra Thapa Magar

Bhupendra Thapa Magar is a professional boxer from Nepal. He rose to prominence after winning gold at the 2019 South Asian Games in Nepal. He is a member of the Nepal Police Club and represents Nepal Police Club.

Samikshya Adhikari

Samkishya Adhikari (Nepali: समीक्षा अधिकारी, born 2005) is a female Nepalese singer. Adhikari became well-known as a singer with the release of her song "Balapan Ko Umer" in the Nepali film "Nai Nabhannu La 4."

Alessio Figalli

Alessio Figalli (born 2 April 1984) is an Italian mathematician working primarily on calculus of variations and partial differential equations.

Bhuwan Bahadur Sunar

Bhuwan Bahadur Sunar is a politician from Nepal who belongs to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre). He was chosen in the Nepalese National Assembly election of 2022 and is a member of the Rashtriya Sabha as well.


Goma Devi Timilsina

Goma Devi Timilsina is a CPN member and politician from Nepal (Unified Socialist). She was chosen in the Nepalese National Assembly election of 2022 and is a member of the Rashtriya Sabha as well.

Gopal Kumar Basnet

Gopal Kumar Basnet is a politician from Nepal. He is also a Rashtriya Sabha member and was elected to the Nepalese National Assembly in 2022.


Sonam Gyalchhen Sherpa

Sonam Gyalchhen Sherpa is a politician from Nepal. He also serves in the Rashtriya Sabha and was elected to the Nepalese National Assembly in 2022.


Viktor Slesarev

Viktor Yefimovich Slesarev (; 5 August 1949 – 14 July 2022) was a Russian football player and manager. He was known for playing for FC SKA-Khabarovsk between 1970 and 1972. He also managed FC Zvezda Perm from 1984 to 1994.

Slesarev died on 14 July 2022 in Perm, Russia at the age of 72.

The Himalayan Times

The Himalayan Times is a daily broadsheet newspaper distributed and produced in English in Nepal. The editor-in-chief in temporary Rajan Pokhrel. It received the highest possible ranking of A+ in Press Council Nepal's annual newspaper categorization report, which is released.

The publication was established on November 23, 2001. Its headquarters are at Maharajgunj, Kathmandu. International Media Network Nepal (Pvt) Ltd, which is owned by Nepali investors, is the owner of it. Competitors of the daily tried to organize and push against foreign-owned newspapers entering the nation, but they were unsuccessful.

John Elliott (New Zealand politician)

John Gordon Elliott (5 November 1938 – 12 July 2022) was a New Zealand politician. He was a member of the National Party. He was a member of the New Zealand House of Representatives from 1975 to 1981. He was born in Whangārei, New Zealand. 

Elliott died on 12 July 2022 in Auckland, New Zealand at the age of 83.

Balen Shah

Balendra Shah is a Nepalese rapper, musician, structural engineer, and politician better known as Balen Shah or just Balen. He is now the 15th mayor of Kathmandu, Nepal's main city. He also served as a judge on Image Channel's hip-hop reality show Nephopko Shreepech. 

Since the early 2010s, Shah has been a popular personality in Nepalese hip-hop. Shah ran as an independent in the 2022 local elections, beating Nepali Congress candidate Sirjana Singh and CPN (UML) candidate Keshav Sthapit.

International Mathematical Union

The International Mathematical Union (IMU) is an international non-governmental organization for international cooperation in the field of mathematics across the world. It is a member of the International Science Council (ISC) and supports the International Congress of Mathematicians. Its members are national mathematics organizations from more than 80 countries.

Kuleshov effect

The Kuleshov Effect was an experiment in the 1910s by Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov. It is part of Soviet montage theory. It connects to montage, which is an editing technique. The principle was that images next to another image add meaning. Two images next to each other have a deeper meaning than just one image. Editing also created deeper emotions. The principle was also that viewers already had mental images about a picture. Kuleshov and other Soviet theorists believed this was a basis for film. They said the film is a collection of images next to each other.

Kuleshov apparently did experiments in the 1910s. It is not clear if these experiments took place and if the results were real. Kuleshov would show an audience one image. He would show the image again with a second image. Kuleshov changed the second image. Each time there was a different second image, the audience had different emotions. The audience thought that the actor changed his facial expression with different images. Kuleshov said that the two images together changed the emotions. The context of the image was important. The second image created the context.

Kuleshov used images with special emotional connotations. He used images of the Russian actor Ivan Moszhukin. Kuleshov showed an image of Ivan and then an image of a child in a coffin. This created an emotion of sadness. Next, he showed the same image of Ivan next to a bowl of food. This created an emotion of hunger. He also showed Ivan with an image of a woman. This created an emotion of lust. In all cases, both Ivan and the second image are facing the viewers. However, it feels like Ivan is looking at the second image. All the images of Ivan were exactly the same. He has the same facial expression. This was like a control group in an experiment. The images of Ivan were the same, but the emotions changed with the second images.

Psychologists have studied the Kuleshov Effect to test if it is true. Prince and Hensley (1992) did experiments with the Kuleshov Effect. They did not find any effect. Mobbs et al. (2006) used functional neuroimaging (fMRI). They showed different emotional images with neutral images. They found changes in facial expressions and mental state. Barratt, Rédei, Innes-Ker, and van de Weijer (2016) showed films with different emotions (happiness, sadness, hunger, fear, and desire) and got similar results as Mobbs et al. (2006). 

The Kuleshov Effect was first used in Russian films. Directors Sergei Eisenstein, Vsevolod Pudovkin and Dziga Vertov used the effect. Russian films include "The Battleship Potemkin", "", "Mother", "The End of St. Petersburg", and "The Man with a Movie Camera". American and other European directors have also used the effect. It is now a common element in movies. It is important for editing movies. It is also useful to understand the context of an image. An image will often follow another image in time. Images can also be right next to each other at the same time. 

Alfred Hitchcock often used the Kuleshov effect. A notable example is in his film "Rear Window" (1954). The main character Jeff used to be a photographer. He watches the neighbors and what they do. Hitchock always shows the face of Jeff, played by James Stewart. Hitchcock then has the camera show the neighbors. Viewers see Jeff and then see Jeff watch women in their apartments. This creates emotions of lust. Viewers see Jeff looking out and then see the murderer, Doyle, attack his friend, Lisa. This creates suspense and fear. The images of Jeff next to images of the neighbors create specific emotions. It also helps viewers to get into the point of view of Jeff. This is also called point of view shot. The technique also creates suspense. Hitchcock uses the effect in other films like "Vertigo" (1958), "North by Northwest" (1959), "Psycho" (1960) and "The Birds" (1963). Hitchcock was aware of the technique and talked about the technique in interviews.

Steven Spielberg uses the Kuleshov Effect, but often changes it. He does this to show emotions and make scenes more interesting. An example is "the Spielberg Face". These are notable shots. In the shots, the characters look at something in awe, wonder or horror. Their eyes look in amazement. However, Spielberg does not right away move the camera to what they are looking at. The shot stays on the faces of the characters for some time. Emotion comes out of this single facial expression. This single shot often shows an important scene. In this case, Spielberg focuses more on a single image and less on the Kuleshov effect. 

Solarpunk

Solarpunk is a genre aesthetic and political idea that fuses the high-tech elements of cyberpunk with low-tech sustainable ways of living. The term was first used in 2008. Solarpunk media often portrays themes of equality, anti-capitalism, and sustainability. People who call themselves Solarpunks often support anarchist, libertarian socialist, or environmentalist politics. 

Karen Rojo

Karen Paulina Rojo Venegas (born 9 July 1980) is a convicted former Chilean politician. 

From 2012 to 2020, she served as mayor of the Antofagasta commune. On 27 July 2020, she was suspended from her position as mayor as a result of a judicial investigation for tax fraud and incompatible negotiation. On 19 November 2020, she officially resigned from office. On 18 January 2021 she was sentenced to 5 years in prison, a fine, and lifelong disqualification from exercising political rights. She fled to the Netherlands to try to get out of her sentence. in an attempt to apply for asylum there she was arrested in Ter Apel on 13 July 2022.

Louise Labèque

Louise Labèque is a French actress who is best known for the 2019 movie "Zombi Child".

Labèque studied at the French drama school Cours Florent for three years. One day some agents appeared at the school and one of them gave her a card to go through a casting. In 2018, she made her film debut in "The Trouble-Shooter" ("Roulez jeunesse"), the first feature film by director Julien Guetta. That same year, she played the role of Marion Malinski in the comedy-drama film "In Your Hands" ("Au bout des doigts") directed by Ludovic Bernard.

In 2019, she played Fanny, one of the protagonists in the fantasy film "Zombi Child" directed by Bertrand Bonello. For her performance in the film, Labèque was included in the shortlist to compete for the César Award for Most Promising Actress, but did not get the nomination.

In 2021 and 2022, she played the role of Lisa Dayan in the TV series "En thérapie", created by Olivier Nakache & Éric Toledano.

In 2022, Labèque played the lead role in the film Coma directed by Bertrand Bonello, their second collaboration after "Zombi Child".

Her next films are "Annie Colère" directed by Blandine Lenoir, and "Toni, en famille" by director Nathan Ambrosioni.


Iuliana Demetrescu

Iuliana Elena Demetrescu (born 10 January 1990) is a Romanian international football referee. She has been an international football since 2016.

Demetrescu is referee in the Liga I, the top division association football league in Romania.

Demetrescu was appointed to be a referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England.

Brinsmade, North Dakota

Brinsmade is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

Esmond, North Dakota

Esmond is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

Knox, North Dakota

Knox is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

Leeds, North Dakota

Leeds is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

Maddock, North Dakota

Maddock is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

List of awards and nominations received by Marion Cotillard

This is a list of awards and nominations received by French actress Marion Cotillard.

Bertrand Bonello

Bertrand Bonello (born 11 September 1968) is a French movie director, screenwriter, producer, composer and actor.

His 2001 film "The Pornographer" won the FIPRESCI award at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival. "Tiresia" (2003) was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.

His 2011 film "House of Tolerance", a depiction of daily life in a fin-de-siècle Parisian bordello, premiered In Competition at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.

His 2014 film "Saint Laurent" competed for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival. The film was also selected as France's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards.


Sol Líneas Aéreas Flight 5428

Sol Líneas Aéreas Flight 5428 was a passenger flight which crashed near the towns of Los Menucos and Prahuaniyeu, in Río Negro, Argentina. The flight made the last leg of the route that included the Argentine cities of Córdoba, Mendoza, Neuquén and Comodoro Rivadavia, on May 18, 2011. The crash is the deadliest aviation accident involving a Saab 340.

The passengers, 22 occupants (18 adult passengers, 1 child and 3 crew members) died at the scene.

Juan Adalberto Raffo and Adriano Bolatti were the pilot and co-pilot respectively.

Raffo, 45 years old at the time of his death, had 20 years of experience flying planes, first in the Argentine Naval Prefecture, later in Southern Winds until the company closed, and in Sol for 5 years. He lived in the city of Córdoba, near the airport. He was married and the father of four (4) children.

Bolatti lived in Rosario, was divorced and had two young children.

The flight attendant was Jessica Fontán, a 25-year-old from Rosario. She was also the union delegate representing her colleagues in the navigators' union and she had already made several claims for anomalies that she detected in the normal operation of the company.
The accident is featured in the sixth episode of Season 20 of "Air Crash Investigation," also known as "Mayday." The episode is titled "Icy Descent".

Bob Parsons (American football)

Robert Heber Parsons (June 29, 1950 – July 8, 2022) was an American football punter and tight end who played twelve seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Chicago Bears from 1972 to 1983. He later played with the Birmingham Stallions of the United States Football League (USFL). He died on July 8, 2022, nine days after his 72nd birthday.

John Eastman

John Charles Eastman (born April 21, 1960) is an American lawyer and founding director of the Center for Constitutional Jurisprudence, a law firm affiliated with Claremont Institute. He used to be a professor and dean at Chapman University School of Law. In 1990, he ran for California's 34th congressional district as a Republican but didn't succeed. He later ran unsuccessfully for California Attorney General in 2010. He has worked as Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas' law clerk in the past.

Eastman was one of the people who tried to overturn the 2020 United States presidential election. On January 5, 2021, during an Oval Office meeting, Eastman incorrectly told Vice President Mike Pence that he had the constitutional ability to block the certification of Joe Biden's victory. Pence did not end up doing this. Eastman sent a six-point plan to Republican senator Mike Lee, asking for Pence to not accept the electors from seven states to keep Trump as president, which Lee then rejected. 

Eastman gave a speech on January 6, 2021, during the White House Trump rally, before the 2021 United States Capitol attack, and then proceeded to ask Vice President Pence to violate the Electoral Count Act and stop the certification of the results of the election, through Greg Jacob, Pence's legal counsel. Federal judge David O. Carter on March 28, 2022, found Eastman and Trump more likely than not to have "dishonestly conspired to obstruct the joint session of Congress on Jan. 6, 2021".

Eastman graduated from Lewisville High School and got an undergraduate degree from the University of Dallas. He received a Juris Doctor and a Doctor of Philosophy in Government from the University of Chicago Law School and the Claremont Graduate School, respectively. Meanwhile, Eastman worked on the law journal "University of Chicago Law Review".

Tonight (New Kids on the Block song)

"Tonight" is a 1990 song by New Kids on the Block. It was released as the third single from their 1990 album "Step by Step". It went to number 2 in the Netherlands, number 3 in the United Kingdom and France, number 4 in Belgium, number 7 in the United States, number 8 in Canada and Ireland and number 16 in Australia and New Zealand.

US and Canada 7-inch single



UC Davis pepper spray incident

The UC Davis pepper-spray incident occurred on November 18, 2011, during an Occupy movement demonstration at the University of California, Davis.



Eddie and the Cruisers

Eddie and the Cruisers is a 1983 American musical drama movie directed by Martin Davidson and was based on the novel by P. F. Kluge. It stars Tom Berenger, Michael Paré, Joe Pantoliano, Matthew Laurance, Helen Schneider, Ellen Barkin and was distributed by Embassy Pictures. It was followed up by "" in 1989.


Microsoft Office 2021

Microsoft Office 2021 (Third perpetual release of Office 16) is an version of the Microsoft Office suite applications for the Microsoft Windows and MacOS. It was release on October 5, 2021, along with Windows 11 and replaces of Office 2019.

Office 2021 remains same major of Office 16 as previous version of Office. Microsoft plans that Office 2021 will ended of support on October 13, 2026; unlike older version of Office, there is no extended support period for Office 2021. A successor of Microsoft Office is the new Microsoft Office 2024, will be planned to released on the second half of 2024.

In June 29, 2021, Microsoft announced that ready to released of new Microsoft Office version, but it third perpetual release of Office 16 and replaces of Office 2019. Microsoft Office 2021 has release of worldwide on October 5, 2021, along with Windows 11.


July 2022 Vinnytsia missile strike

On 14 July 2022, Russian forces launched a missile attack on the Ukrainian city of Vinnytsia in central Ukraine. The attack killed at least 24 people, including 3 children, and injuring at least 202 others. The event has been seen as an example of a war crime.

Ivana Martinčić

Ivana Martinčić (born 28 July 1985) is a Croatian international football referee. She has been an international football since 2014. Martinčić is referee in the Prva nogometna liga and also in the Hrvatska nogometna liga, the top division association football league in Croatia.

In September 2021 she became the first female referee of a Croatian football first division league match. Later the year she became the first Croatian female referee of a men’s senior international match.

Martinčić was a referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England.

Mario Chella

Mario Chella (16 March 1934 – 13 July 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy from 1983 to 1987. He was born in Udine, Italy.

Chella died on 13 July 2022 in Sestri Levante, Italy at the age of 88.

Sestri Levante

Sestri Levante () is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa, Liguria, Italy.

Rinkhals

The rinkhals (Hemachatus haemachatus) is a species of venomous snake found in parts of southern Africa. It is in the family Elapidae. It is not a true cobra in that it does not belong to the genus Naja, but instead belongs to the monotypic genus Hemachatus. While rinkhals bear a great resemblance to true cobras they also possess some remarkable differences from these, resulting in their placement outside the genus Naja.

Kerry J. Donley

Kerry Joseph Donley (February 1, 1956 – July 13, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was the Mayor of Alexandria, Virginia from 1996 to 2003. He also was the Chair of the Democratic Party of Virginia from 2003 to 2005.

Donley died on July 13, 2022 at his home in Alexandria from a heart attack at the age of 66.

John Froines

John Radford Froines (June 13, 1939July 13, 2022) was an American chemist and anti-war activist. He was known as a member of the Chicago Seven. He was charged with the Chicago Seven for causing the riots at the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago. He and Lee Weiner were the only two defendants to be acquitted by the jury on both of the counts charged against them and the contempt of court findings

At the time of his arrest, he was a professor at Goddard College in Vermont. He later served as the Director of Toxic Substances at the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration as well. He later worked at the University of California, Los Angeles. He retired in 2011. 

Froines died on July 13, 2022 at a hospital in Santa Monica, California from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 83.

Bobby Aylward

Bobby Aylward (1 April 1955 – 14 July 2022) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency from 2007 to 2011 and 2015 to 2020. He was a member of Kilkenny County Council from 1992 until his election to the Dáil in 2007. Aylward was born in Kilkenny, Ireland.

Aylward died on 14 July 2022 in Kilkenny at the age of 67.

Pratap Pothen

Pratap K. Pothen (13 August 1952 – 15 July 2022) was an Indian actor, movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Kerala, India. His career began in 1978. He was known for directing the movie "Rithubhedam" and for starring in "Thakara" and "Chamaram".

Pothen died on 15 July 2022 at his apartment in Chennai, India one month before his 70th birthday.

Emikar Calderas

Emikar Virginia Calderas Barrera (born 3 January 1990) is a Venezuelan international football referee. She has been an international football since 2016. Calderas is referee in the Primera División.

Calderas played football as a child. She eventually followed a refereeing course. She is a referee since 2010. She started as a referee at the level of grassroots teams. She moved up to the third division, to the Segunda B, to the Segunda, and finally to the first division (Primera División) in 2016. Calderas was a referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England. She was the only referee at these championships from outside Europe.

Jürgen Heinsch

Hans-Jürgen Heinsch (4 July 1940 – 14 July 2022) was a German footballer. He competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, where he won a bronze medal for playing with the East Germany national football team. He also managed F.C. Hansa Rostock. He was born in Lübeck, Germany.

Heinsch died on 14 July 2022 at the age of 82.

Zambia women's national under-17 football team

The Zambia women's national under-17 football team is a national association football youth team of Zambia and is controlled by the Football Association of Zambia. They have qualified for the 2014 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup in Costa Rica where they finished 11th.

Aleksandr Kozlov (footballer)

Aleksandr Sergeyevich Kozlov (; 19 March 1993 – 15 July 2022) was a Russian professional football player. He began playing for the Russian Premier League in 2010 for FC Spartak Moscow. Kozlov was born in Moscow, Russia. He was playing for FC Aluston-YUBK Alushta at the time of his death. He was also known for playing with FC Okzhetpes in 2017.

Kozlov died in Moscow on 15 July 2022 from a blood clot at the age of 29.

Osteocephalus oophagus

The oophagus slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus oophagus") is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Brazil. Scientists think it might also live in French Guiana, Colombia, and Venezuela.

The adult male frog is 39-53 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 49-57 mm. The skin on the back is brown with spots. There may be white spots on the back and sides. The belly is light in color. The legs are dark with stripes across. The iris of the eye is gold in color with black marks. 

These frogs live in trees and move around at night. They live in forests. The males sit on plants or other things .5 to 4 m off the ground when they sing. The female frog lays about 33 eggs at a time. She lays them in small bodies of water. For example, she may lay them in water in the leaves of a palm tree, hole in a tree, or leaves of a small plant that grows on a tree. The adult female frog comes back to the water and lays more eggs. The tadpoles eat the eggs.

Darren Bailey

Darren Bailey (born March 17, 1966) is an American politician. He is a Republican member of the Illinois Senate for the 55th district since 2021. Before, he was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives. He was the Republican nominee for Governor of Illinois in the 2022 election.

Bailey is a conservative.

French Riviera

The French Riviera (known in French as the ; ) is the Mediterranean coastline of the southeast corner of France. There is no official boundary, but it is usually seen as a part of Toulon, Le Lavandou or Saint-Tropez in the west to Menton at the France–Italy border in the east. The coast is in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of France.

Sainte-Maxime

Sainte-Maxime (; Occitan and Provençal: "Santa Maxima") is a commune in the Var department of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in Southeastern France. It is on the French Riviera ("Côte d'Azur") and west from Nice and east from Marseille. It had a population of 13,968 in 2017.

Saint Laurent (movie)

Saint Laurent is a 2014 French biographical drama movie co-written and directed by Bertrand Bonello, and starring Gaspard Ulliel as Yves Saint Laurent, Jérémie Renier as Pierre Bergé, and Louis Garrel as Jacques de Bascher. The supporting cast includes Léa Seydoux, Amira Casar, Aymeline Valade, and Helmut Berger playing an older Yves Saint Laurent. The movie is about Saint Laurent's life from 1967 to 1976, when the famous fashion designer was at the peak of his career. The film competed for the Palme d'Or in the main competition section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival and was released on 24 September 2014.

The movie was selected by France to represent the country for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but it was not nominated. In January 2015, "Saint Laurent" received ten César Award nominations, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor, and Best Supporting Actor. It also received five nominations at the 20th Lumières Awards, winning Best Actor for Gaspard Ulliel.


"Saint Laurent" started filming on 30 September 2013.

The film was originally scheduled to be released on 14 May 2014. In January 2014 the studio announced the release was changed to 1 October 2014. The release date was later changed again to 24 September 2014.

In May 2014, Sony Pictures Classics bought the North American distribution rights at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival, where the film premiered in competition. The film was also screened at the 52nd New York Film Festival in September 2014.

In May 2015, the film opened in four theaters in New York and Los Angeles to a $36,136 opening weekend.

On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 60% based on 86 reviews, and an average rating of 5.78/10. The website's consensus says, "A well-intentioned but frustratingly diffuse biopic, "Saint Laurent" proves an ironically poor fit for a look at the life of a fashion icon." On Metacritic, the film has a score 52 out of 100, based on 29 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Susan Wloszczyna of "RogerEbert.com" gave the film 2.5 out of 4 stars, writing, "If you come away remembering anything from this 150-minute movie as it overstays its welcome, it will be individual scenes rather than the overall effect, for that is where Bonello shines." A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" described it as "a compulsively detailed swirl of moods and impressions, intent on capturing the contradictions of the man and his times."


Little blue heron

The Little blue heron ("Egretta caerulea") is a bird in the Ardeidae family.

David Bowie Narrates Prokofiev's Peter and the Wolf

David Bowie Narrates Prokofiev's Peter and the Wolf is the debut studio album by Philadelphia Orchestra. The album was released on May 2, 1978.

Lungworm

The lungworm is a type of parasite. It lives inside other animals' bodies. Lungworms are roundworms in the order Strongylida. They have round bodies. When people say the word "lungworm," they may mean any of a few worms: "Eucoleus aerophilus", "Oslerus osleri", "Crenostoma vulpis", "Eucoleus boehmi", or "Filaroides hirthi". Some people also use it for "Angiostrongylus vasorum", but that worm is really a heartworm.

Lungworms can live in foxes, dogs, cats, sheep, and other animals. Some lungworms live in the animal's nose. Some live in its throat. Some live in its lungs.

In sheep, lungworm is not as dangerous as other worms.

Some lungworms can send their eggs from one host to another. Other lungworms need another host in between to grow.

Snails and slugs eat lungworm eggs. The eggs grow into larvae inside the snail or slug. When a fox or dog eats the snail or slug (or another animal that just ate the snail or slug), it catches lungworms. The lungworms lay eggs in the host's lungs, then it coughs them up to its throat and swallows them. The eggs leave the host in its feces. Then the snails or slugs come to eat the feces and take in the eggs too. In some lungworms, the eggs go to new hosts when an old host coughs on them.

Lungworms in sheep are part of the story of the 20th century book "Independent People" ("Sjálfstætt fólk") by Icelandic author Halldór Laxness.

Pleun Strik

Pleun Strik (27 May 1944 – 14 July 2022) was a Dutch professional footballer. He played a defender. Strik was born in Rotterdam, Netherlands. He played for the Netherlands national football team eight times between 1969 to 1974.

Strik died on 14 July 2022 at the age of 78.

The Delfonics

The Delfonics was an American R&B/soul music group from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The Delfonics were most popular in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Their best known songs are "La-La (Means I Love You)", "Didn't I (Blow Your Mind This Time)", "Break Your Promise", "I'm Sorry", and "Ready or Not Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)". 

Their songs have been used in movie soundtracks, including Quentin Tarantino's 1997 movie "Jackie Brown". Their songs "Ready or Not Here I Come (Can't Hide from Love)" and "Funny Feeling" were used in the video game "Grand Theft Auto V".

Elizabeth Holtzman

Elizabeth Holtzman (born August 11, 1941) is an American lawyer and politician. She was a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York's 16th congressional district as a member of the Democratic Party from 1973 to 1981. She also was District Attorney of Kings County from 1982 to 1989, and as the 40th Comptroller of New York City from 1990 to 1993.

Holtzman was seen as a possible candidate to replace Andrew Cuomo as Attorney General of New York in the 2010 election and in the special election to replace Anthony Weiner as the representative from New York's 9th congressional district. 

In June 2022, she announced she would run for the Democratic nomination for U.S. Representative for New York's 10th congressional district in the 2022 election. She lost the Democratic nomination in the August 2022 primaries.

Carlina Rivera

Carlina Rivera (born January 3, 1984) is an American politician. She represents 2nd district of the New York City Council since 2018. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Rivera was a member of the Democratic Socialists of America and supported Bernie Sanders in his 2016 presidential campaign.

In June 2022, she announced she would run for the United States House of Representatives for New York's 10th congressional district in the 2022 election. She lost the Democratic nomination in the August 2022 primaries.

Zombi Child

Zombi Child is a 2019 French drama movie written and directed by Bertrand Bonello, based on the story of a supposed zombified man in Haiti, Clairvius Narcisse. The movie premiered in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2019 Cannes Film Festival.

In 1962, a Haitian man is buried alive by white colonists, only to be brought back as an undead zombi slave. 55 years later, Fanny, a teenage girl starts a friendship with Mélissa, who moved from Haiti to France after the 2010 Haiti earthquake. After discovering that Mélissa's family is associated with voodoo culture, Fanny convinces Mélissa's aunt Katy (a mambo) to make a ritual to cure Fanny's heartbreak over a recent breakup. The ritual goes wrong and Fanny is possessed by Baron Samedi himself.


Nocturama

Nocturama is a 2016 thriller movie written and directed by Bertrand Bonello. It was released in France on 31 August 2016, and in the United States by Grasshopper Film on 11 August 2017. The movie is about a group of young, multiracial radicals committing a series of terrorist attacks in Paris.


On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 82% based on 49 reviews, and an average rating of 7.9/10. The website's critical consensus says, ""Nocturama" uses an unorthodox perspective and repellent protagonists to offer sobering statements about modern society -- and deliver uniquely suspenseful entertainment." 

On Metacritic, the film has a score 71 out of 100, based on 15 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Lierna view of Bellagio (Mazzolani)

Lierna view of Bellagio (also known as Lierna vista su Bellagio) is a 19th-century late impressionist painted in oil by Bruto Mazzolani. It was painted in 1925, in Via Roma Lierna, Italy on Lake Como.

The painting by Bruto Mazzolani, represents a view of Lake Como from the shore of Lierna overlooking the promontory of Bellagio, while women wash their clothes in the waters on the shore of Lake Como.


Garrison

A garrison is a unit of troops or its headquarters.

Garrison can also mean:


Cannae

Cannae (now Canne della Battaglia, [kanne della battaʎʎa]) is an ancient village of the Apulia region of south eastern Italy. It is a "frazione" (civil parish) of the "comune" (municipality) of Barletta, a former bishopric that is now a Latin Catholic titular see. The famous Battle of Cannae had troops of Carthage win despite being outnumbered by troops of the Roman Republic.

Cenotaph

A Cenotaph is an empty tomb or a monument built in honor of a person or group of people whose remains are elsewhere. It can also be the first tomb for a person who has since been reburied elsewhere. Although most cenotaphs honor individuals, many noted cenotaphs honor groups of individuals, such as the lost soldiers of a country or of an empire.

Ostercappeln

Ostercappeln is a municipality in the district of Osnabrück, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is in the Wiehengebirge, around 15 km northeast of Osnabrück. The municipality has three villages, Ostercappeln, Venne and Schwagstorf, along the Bundesstraße 218. St. Raphael hospital is in Ostercappeln, which serves a general hospital for the surrounding municipalities and as a center for pulmonary diseases for the district.

Keshav Sthapit

Keshav Sthapit (b. 1956) is a Nepali politician. He is a former mayor of the Kathmandu metropolitan area. He was a former member of the provincial Assembly and a minister in Bagmati Pradesh. In 1997, Keshav Sthapit won the election for mayor of Kathmandu. He was chosen by the King to serve as Mayor of Kathmandu after the royal takeover in 2005. He joined the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) once democracy was restored and was appointed as a Commissioner of the Kathmandu Valley Development Authority, but he was fired from his position after just nine months.

Oberon, North Dakota

Oberon is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 101 at the 2020 census.

Warwick, North Dakota

Warwick is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.

York, North Dakota

York is a city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 17 at the 2020 census.

Antler, North Dakota

Antler is a city in Bottineau County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 22 at the 2020 census. Antler was founded in 1905.

Gardena, North Dakota

Gardena is a city in Bottineau County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 24 at the 2020 census. Gardena was founded in 1905.

Ahalya

Ahalya, often spelled Ahilya, is the name of the sage Gautama Maharishi's wife in Hinduism. According to several Hindu texts, she was seduced by Indra (the ruler of the gods), her husband cursed her for being unfaithful, and Rama freed her from the curse (7th avatar of the god Vishnu).

Ahalya was the most beautiful lady ever created by the deity Brahma, and she was wed to the much older Gautama. Ahalya recognizes Indra's disguise when he appears as her husband in the oldest complete story, but she nevertheless consents to his advances. She is frequently exonerated of all blame in later texts, which explains how she is duped by Indra. In every story, Gautama curses Ahalya and Indra.


Kramer, North Dakota

Kramer is a city in Bottineau County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 24 at the 2020 census. Kramer was founded in 1905.

KMXV

KMXV (93.3 FM "Mix 93.3") is a Top 40 (CHR) station based in Kansas City, Missouri, United States. The Steel City Media outlet operates with an ERP of 100 kW. Its current slogan is "Kansas City's #1 Hit Music Station". It is also one of two Top 40s competing in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area, the other being KCHZ. The station's studios are located at Westport Center in Midtown Kansas City, and the transmitter site is in the city's East Side.

Lina Lehtovaara

Lina Lehtovaara (born 23 June 1981) is a Finnnish international football referee. She has been an international football since 2009. Lehtovaara is in 2022 referee in the Suomen Cup.

Lehtovaara was a referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England.

Point of view shot

A point of view shot (also known as POV shot, first-person shot or a subjective camera) is a type of shot in a movie. It shows what a person is looking at. The angle of the camera is from the view of the character. The shot is subjective, because it shows the point of view of a character. It is what the character is experiencing. These shots can show emotion. The shot is often combined with an image of the character.

Franceska Di Monte

Franceska Di Monte is an Italian international football match official. She has been an international football assistant referee since 2016.

Di Monte is an assistant referee in Serie A. She was an assistant referee at the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 in England.

Schubert Gambetta

Schúbert Gambetta Saint Léon (14 April 1920 – 9 August 1991) was a Uruguayan footballer. He played as a half-back and was right-footed. Gambetta was a figure in the Maracanazo when he marked Zizinho and Ademir during the game, which helped him to the 1950 FIFA World Cup All-Star Team. Regarded to be one of the best flank defenders in the history of Uruguayan and world football. Gambetta was renowned as a strong and a quick defender, who stood out for his leadership on the pitch, man-marking opponents, acceleration, beating opponents with his dribbling, long range passing and his great tackling. On the other hand, he was also considered versatile, capable of playing in ten line positions, both on the left and right flanks. Former player, former coach and current commentator Juan Faccio defined that "Gambetta, if he played now, would be the courage and prodigiousness of Ruso Pérez, the strength and courage of Diego Lugano, the ball strike of Diego Forlán, the dominance of Nicolás Lodeiro, Luis Suárez's header, Diego Godín's speed", practicing well the fundamentals of running, passing, dominating, anticipation and heading, being a defender who knew how to reach the goal in conservative times for the advance of the defense: considered ahead of his season, he was widely considered as one of the greatest football players in the 1940s and 1950s.

Schubert Gambetta, also spelled Shubert Gambetta and nicknamed "Mono Gambetta", was a descendant of Santino Gambetta, who emigrated from Liguria to Uruguay in the early 20th century. He started playing football at the Independiente club, located in the Montevidean neighborhood around Avenidas Rivera and Osorio. On November 30, 1937 he was first committed to Club Atlético Peñarol. After a tough legal battle, he finally switched to competitor Nacional Montevideo.

Gambetta made his debut there in 1940 in the first team and played first until 1948 and after a move to Colombia again from 1950 to 1956 for the club. During his time at Nacional he was able to win the Uruguayan national champion title and in 1940 and 1946 the Copa Aldao a total of ten times (1940, 1941, 1942, 1943, 1946, 1947, 1950, 1952, 1955 and 1956). He has been recognised as one of the ever finest players, for his great goalscoring ability, beating attacking players and his great passing. As further career stations of "Mono" Gambetta the Montevidean clubs Sud América and Club Atlético Progreso and Millonarios and Cúcuta Deportivo (1949) reported from Colombia. In 1960 he ended his career in ranks of the second division relegated CA Mar de Fondo, one of the smaller clubs in Montevideo.

In 1941 he made his debut in official matches as part of the national team of Uruguay. In the same year, he went with the national team to his first major tournament — the South American Championship in Chile, where the Uruguayans won silver. Subsequently, he participated in three more continental championships - in 1942 in Uruguay, in 1945 in Chile and in 1947 in Ecuador. At the domestic tournament held in 1942, he won the title of South American champion as part of the national team. The crown of Gambetta's career in the national team was the World Championship of 1950, held in Brazil. At the World Cup, the experienced defender first appeared on the field in the second game of the final tournament against Sweden, the victory in which left the Uruguayans in the fight for the championship title. He then played the whole of the decisive game against the home team, in which the Uruguayans, thanks to his solid defensive performance, won a sensational 2-1 victory to become the 1950 World Champions and he was chosen to be in the All-Star Team. After the triumphant World Cup, Gambetta played only one game for the national team in 1952 and ended his career there, having played 37 matches and scored 3 goals over eleven years.




Date and time notation in India

India have 1 standard time called "ISD" Indian Standard Time,However Time Varies From East To West for approx 2 hours.which means if Sun rises at 5:30 in Arunachal Pradesh, Gujrat will Experience it on 7:30 Due to It's Standard Time.

No Promises (Icehouse song)

"No Promises" is a 1985 song by Australian new wave band Icehouse. It is the first song for their fourth studio album "Measure for Measure". It peaked at number 29 in New Zealand and number 30 in Australia.







Luigi Lombardi

Luigi Lombardi (18 September 1853 – June 23, 1940) was an Italian painter from Lombardy. He was much influenced by Francesco Filippini.






Steve Borst

Steven James Borst (born September 7, 1977) is an American television writer and producer who has won two-time Emmy-nominations. 

He's most known for co-creating Nickelodeon's Breadwinners with Gary "Doodles" DiRaffaele. He's also known for his work as a writer on Cartoon Network's Teen Titans Go!. His inspiration for the field of animation was CatDog from the network that produced Hey Dude and Double Dare that he grew up watching.

Rosalie Lamorlière

Rosalie Lamorlière (19 March 1768 – 2 February 1848) was the last servant of Marie Antoinette.
Rosalie Lamorlière was born on 19 March 1768, in France. Her father was a shoemaker, and her mother had died when she was 12.

In 1792, Rosalie was given the job of a maid at the Conciergerie, which was, at the time, a jail. When Marie Antoinette was imprisoned there, Rosalie began to take care of her until Marie Antoinette’s death on 16 October 1793. Rosalie would work at the jail until 1799.

Some time during the 1830s, Lafont d'Aussonne interviewed Rosalie. She would tell him about the imprisonment and last days of Marie Antoinette.

On 2 February 1848, at the age of 79, Rosalie died, and was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris, France.

Before her death, Rosalie gave birth to a daughter named Marie Rosalie de Lamorlière. She would be born in 1801 and would die in 1895.

When You Love a Woman

"When You Love a Woman" is a 1996 song by Journey and is the third track from their 10th album "Trial by Fire". It received a Grammy nomination in 1997.

The Whole of the Moon (movie)

The Whole of the Moon is a 1997 New Zealand Canadian drama movie directed by Ian Mune and was based on the novel of the same name by Duncan Fletcher. It stars Toby Fisher, Nikki Si'ulepa, Paul Gittins, Pascale Bussières.

2023 MotoGP World Championship

The 2023 FIM MotoGP World Championship is the premier class of the 75th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship season.Francesco Bagnaia successfully defended his Riders' Championship at the final race in Valencia, marking the first repeat Riders' Champion for Ducati since the manufacturer entered the series. Winning 17 of 20 Grands Prix and 16 of 19 sprints, Ducati secured their fifth (and fourth consecutive) Constructors' Championship. Ducati satellite team Pramac Racing won the Teams' Championship. 

The season was notable for having eight different Grand Prix winners and no back-to-back Grand Prix winners for the first time since the inaugural season in 1949. Manufacturer Yamaha failed to win a single Grand Prix for the first season since 2003.

All teams use series-specified Michelin tyres.





The following Grands Prix are provisionally scheduled to take place in 2023:


The following Grands Prix contracted in 2023:

USAir Flight 1016

USAir Flight 1016 was a US domestic flight between Columbia, South Carolina and Charlotte, North Carolina. On July 2, 1994, the DC-9 operating the flight encountered a severe thunderstorm and microbursts, which induced wind shear while attempting to land, causing the plane to crash into trees and a private residence near the airport. The accident and subsequent fire killed 37 people and injured 16 others.

The NTSB immediately dispatched an investigation team, which recovered the CVR and FDR from the plane's wreckage. After a lengthy investigation, the NTSB concluded that a microburst generated by the thunderstorm over the airport at the time of the crash was the probable cause of the accident. The NTSB listed these contributing factors:


KBFB

KBFB (97.9 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station with an Urban Contemporary radio format, known as "97.9 The Beat." It is licensed to Dallas and serves the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. KBFB is owned by Urban One. The studios and offices, along with sister station KZMJ, are in the Galleria Area in North Dallas.

KBFB has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 100,000 watts. The transmitter is off Plateau Street in Cedar Hill, amid the towers for other Dallas-area FM and TV stations. KBFB broadcasts using HD Radio technology. The HD2 digital subchannel simulcasts the Urban AC format of co-owned KZMJ.

Infobae

Infobae is an Argentine digital news and economy newspaper, created in 2002 by the journalist and businessman Daniel Hadad.

Infobae is the fourth most visited news site in Mexico.

The media varies the use of the terms "dictator" and "president" to the elected president Nicolás Maduro, while it is customary to call interim president Guaidó "president" in the midst of the presidential crisis in Venezuela.

Infobae's website is inaccessible in Venezuela by order of the National Telecommunications Commission of Venezuela since October 10, 2014, for violating Venezuelan law by showing images of the corpse of deputy Robert Serra.

Giovanni Battista Pergolesi

Giovanni Battista Pergolesi (January 4, 1710 March 16, 1736) was an Italian baroque composer, violinist, and organist. His career only lasted six years before he died. He composed operas, religious music and some instrumental music. His most famous works are his Stabat Mater and "La serva padrona".

Pergolesi was born in Jesi. His family name was "Draghi". His grandfather was from Pergola. So, he was called "Pergolesi" (somebody from Pergola). He studied music in Jesi with Francesco Santi, the "maestro di capella" of the town. He went to study in Naples sometime between 1720 and 1725. He studied with Gaetano Greco, Leonardo Vinci, and Francesco Durante. He played the violin and sang in the music school.

Pergolesi left the music school in 1731. He started his career. He started writing operas. His first opera, "Salustia", was not successful. He wrote "Il prigioniero superbo" in 1733. The opera celebrates Empress Elisabeth Christine's birthday. The intermezzo of this opera was another opera, "La serva padrona". The intermezzo became popular after Pergolesi's death.

He became the "maestro di capella" to Prince Ferdinando Colonna of Stigliano in 1732. In that year, the Kingdom of Spain invaded Naples. Charles III, king of Spain, became the new King of Naples. So, Prince Ferdinando ran away to Rome. Pergolesi performed one of his masses in Rome. He became the "maestro di capella" to the Duke of Maddaloni in 1734.

Pergolesi started to become sick in 1735. In 1736 he went to stay in a Franciscan monastery in Pozzuoli. He died there in March 16, 1736. He died because of tuberculosis. One of his last works was the Stabat Mater. It was written to replace Alessandro Scarlatti's setting of the Stabat Mater.

Pergolesi's operas were popular after his death. His music made people France argue about Italian and French music. This was known as the "quarrel of the buffoons" (). "La serva padrona" and his Stabat Mater was praised by many people.

Sierra Leone national under-17 football team

The Sierra Leone national under-17 football team is team of football players under 17 from Sierra Leone. The team is controlled by Sierra Leone Football Association and played in the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Finland.

Zambia women's national football team

The Zambia women's national football team plays football for Zambia. They are called the Copper Queens and are ranked 81st in the world. Zambia also has a team for the Homeless World Cup. The country takes part in tournaments to qualify for the FIFA Women's World Cup and other African football tournaments. Zambia is the first African country without a coast to qualify for a senior World Cup for men or women. They will make their first appearance in the FIFA Women's World Cup.

The Zambia women's national football team is known as the Copper Queens. Back in 1985, there were very few women's national football teams in Africa. The Football Association of Zambia officially organized women's football in 1983. Since then, Zambia has formed a senior national team and an under-20 team for women. The national federation continues to support women's football by allocating funds for the women's and youth games. In 2009, there were 100 teams for women aged 16 and above, and 112 teams for young women under 16. The country has established a national women's league, as well as regional and school competitions.

Women's football in Africa as a whole faces challenges, such as limited access to education, poverty among women, and deep-rooted inequality leading to occasional human rights abuses against women. When talented football players emerge in Africa, they often leave their home country to seek better opportunities elsewhere, which affects the local game negatively. Funding is also an issue for women's football in Africa, with most of the financial support coming from FIFA rather than the local national football associations.

The Zambia women's national football team has received sponsorship for their kits. In 2003, Umbro, the sportswear brand, sponsored the national team as part of a sponsorship deal with the Zambia national football team. The official kit colours for the team consist of green shorts, a green jersey, and green socks. The team has been featured in media outlets such as the Zambia Daily Mail, Times of Zambia, and the Post Newspapers. These publications have included pictures of players and conducted interviews with them.

Zambia's national team took part in the Homeless World Cup in 2008. They played against several countries and won all their games, becoming the champions. The tournament took place in Melbourne, Australia. They had victories against Paraguay with a score of 6-1, Uganda 6-1, Kyrgyzstan 5-4, Liberia 4-1, Cameroon 17-0, Australia 18-1, and Colombia 10-1. In the semifinals, they won against Kyrgyzstan with a score of 10-0. In the final, they defeated Liberia with a score of 7-1. The team was led by the Twins Coach and Manager James Chibuye and John Chibuye. The tournament was played with five players on each side, and the team consisted of eight players: Christine Kabemba, Grace Mwango, Melinda Namafe, Carol Kanyemba, Ednasha Mambwe, Jessica Chabota, Ireen Chanda, and Sarah Daka.

In the 2012 Summer Olympics, there were no age restrictions for players. However, Zambia chose to qualify with a team of players under the age of 20 or 23. They participated in the qualifying tournament with the goal of representing the country at the Olympics. The qualification tournament started in 2010 and the team was coached by Enala Phiri-Simbeye. During their campaign, they had a 4-1 victory against the Botswana women's national football team in Gaborone and won again with a score of 2-1 in Lusaka. The team's impressive performance earned praise from women's groups in Zambia. In January 2011, Zambia faced South Africa in the qualifying tournament. The squad selected to play against South Africa included goalkeepers Mirriam Katamanda and Ennie Matukuta, defenders Meya Banda, Verocia Chiluba, Jessica Chabota, Mulai Wilombe, Deborah Chisenga, and Veronica Chisala, midfielders Misozi Zulu, Susan Banda, Etas Banda, Fostina Sakala, Kabange Mupopo, Rachel Chisha, and Chisala Musonda, and strikers Mwila Bowa, Noria Sosala, Gift Lisaka, and Ednasha Mambwe. Chiluba, the second daughter of Zambia's president, was also part of the team.

Under the guidance of Enala Simbeya, Zambia's U23 team took part in the qualifiers for the 2011 All-Africa Games. They played two matches against Zimbabwe. In the first game held at Rufaro Stadium in Harare on Sunday, 13 February 2011, Zimbabwe won 1-0 against Zambia, despite a goalless first half. In the return leg on Sunday, 27 February 2011, played at Nkoloma Stadium in Lusaka, Zambia lost 1-3 to Zimbabwe, with Zambia scoring a goal in the second half after being down 0-3 in the first half. Simbeya named her team of 18 players just a day before the game. Unfortunately, the loss resulted in Zambia's elimination, while Zimbabwe advanced to play against Angola.

Universal TV

Universal TV (known as Universal) is an international pay television network. Its programming consists of series, films from Universal Studios and programs based on action, crime, investigation, mystery, and drama, as well as comedy series.


Never Ever (All Saints song)

"Never Ever" is a song by the music band All Saints. It was released by London Records on 10 November 1997. It was the second single from their first album, which was called "All Saints" and was produced by Cameron McVey and Magnus Fiennes. It was a massive success and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Scotland, Australia and New Zealand. It also went to number 4 in the Netherlands, France, Switzerland, Iceland and the United States, number 3 in Sweden, number 6 in Norway, number 2 in Ireland, number 7 in Canada and Austria, number 9 in Taiwan and Italy, number 3 in Denmark.







Zambia national under-20 football team

The Zambia National U-20 Football is a national association football team from Zambia. They have qualified for the FIFA U-20 World Cup three (3) times.

Strange World (movie)

Strange World is a 2022 computer-animated science fiction action-adventure movie directed by Don Hall. Strange World released in theaters on November 23, 2022.

Osteocephalus yasuni

The Osteocephalus yasuni is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador between the Rio Napo and the Rio Yasuni. It also lives in Peru and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 180 and 250 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 44–55.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 42.6–61.9 mm. The skin on the adult frog's back is the color of coffee with darker marks. The skin on the tops of the feet is also the color of coffee with darker stripes. The belly of the aduly male frog can be bright yellow or cream yellow. The belly of the adult female frog is the color of cream. The iris of the eye is bronze in color with black marks. It is possible to see the bones of the feet through the skin: the bones are white in color.

Young frogs have bright yellow color in between their toes and on their bellies and necks. Their bones are green in color.

This frog eats crickets and caterpillars.

Scientists named this frog after the Yasuni National Park, where they found the first sample.

Athanasios Dimitrakopoulos

Athanasios Dimitrakopoulos (; 14 May 1936 – 8 July 2022) was a Greek lawyer and politician. He was in the Hellenic Parliament from 1981 until 1996. He was a member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. Dimitrakopoulos was born in Platanos, Greece.

Dimitrakopoulos died on 8 July 2022 in Athens, Greece at the age of 86.

Luiz of Orléans-Braganza

Luíz Gastão (June 6, 1938 – July 15, 2022) was Head of the Imperial House of Brazil from 1981 to 2022 when he died, he took over when his father Pedro Henrique de Orléans e Bragança died in 1981, he was the great-great-grandson of Pedro II of Brazil and great-grandson of Princess Isabel of Brazil.

With the end of the Second World War in Europe, in May 1945, the Brazilian Imperial Family was finally able to return to their homeland, thus ending the unfair and painful exile imposed on the occasion of the republican coup of November 15, 1889.

They lived in Rio de Janeiro and Petrópolis until, in 1951, they moved to the north of Paraná , then the great agricultural frontier of Brazil, where they lived at Fazenda São José, in Jacarezinho, and, from 1957, at Fazenda Santa Maria, in Jundiaí do Sul.

He held the titles of Prince of Orleans-Bragança from 1938 to 1981, Prince Imperial of Brazil from 1938 to 1981 and was head of the Imperial House of Brazil from July 5, 1981 until his death.

Luiz died on 15 July 2022 at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil from stroke-related problems, aged 84.

On July 16, 2022, his wake took place, which lasted until July 18, 2022. He was buried on July 18, 2022 at Consolação Cemetery in São Paulo He held the titles of Prince of Orleans-Braganza from 1938 to 1981, Imperial Prince of Brazil from 1938-1981 and was the head of the Imperial House of Brazil, from July 5, 1981 until his death

Georgi Yartsev

Georgi Aleksandrovich Yartsev (; 11 April 1948 – 15 July 2022) was a Russian footballer and manager. He was the head coach of the Russia national team between 2003 and 2005. He played for the Soviet Union national football team from 1978 to 1979. From 1977 to 1980, he played for FC Spartak Moscow. Yartsev was born in Kostromskoy District, then-Soviet Union.

Yartsev died on 15 July 2022 in Moscow, Russia from a heart attack, aged 74.

Amybeth McNulty

Amybeth McNulty (born 7 November 2001) is an Irish-Canadian actress. She is known for her role as Anne Shirley in the CBC/Netflix drama series "Anne with an E" (2017–2019). She also plays Vickie in "Stranger Things".

In June 2020, she came out as bisexual.

Bryostatin

Bryostatins were first collected by JL Hartwell’s anticancer drug discovery group at the National Cancer Institute (NCI) by Jack Rudloe.


Asian giant hornet

The Asian giant hornet (Vespa mandarinia) including the color form called the Japanese giant hornet, and its name commonly said in Mainstream media in the United States, the Murder hornet, is a hornet originally found in Asia. It is the largest hornet, and so is the largest social wasp. It is very dangerous and hard to get rid of because it is a very invasive species. It was reportedly found in the western United States for sometime, but now it is gone from there.

"V. mandarinia" is in the genus "Vespa", which has every true hornet, including the Asian hornet and European hornet. There were originally subspecies, but it has been replaced by color forms, there are 3 color forms known and are commonly classified as non-offcial subspecies, which is "japonica", "magnifica", and "nobilis".

Bertrand of Orléans-Braganza

Bertrand, Head of the Imperial House of Brazil (born 2 February 1941, Mandelieu, France) is the head of the Vassouras branch of the House of Orléans-Braganza and claimant to the Brazilian throne as Bertrand I. The Vassouras branch claims legitimacy over the throne in opposition to the Petrópolis branch of the Orléans-Braganzas, headed by Pedro Carlos, Prince of Brazil. Though both Prince Bertrand and Prince Pedro Carlos are great-great-grandchildren of Emperor Pedro II of Brazil, of the House of Braganza, they disputed leadership over Brazilian Imperial Family due to a dynastic dispute concerning their fathers, who were cousins.

Prince Bertrand was born in Mandelieu, Vichy France, the second son of Pedro Henrique, Prince of Brazil, and Princess Maria Elisabeth of Bavaria. He was the third and last son of the couple to be born abroad, and came to Brazil when he was four years old. In Brazil, he graduated in law by the University of São Paulo and became a pupil of Plinio Corrêa de Oliveira and a devout member of the TFP and later of the IPCO. Prince Bertrand is an avid traditionalist conservative, anti-communist and avowedly advocate of right-wing Christian policies. Chaste, the Prince succeeded his brother as Head of the Imperial House of Brazil and it is the main activist and spokesman for the restoration of the monarchy, having gained prominence in the national media and, on some occasions, international media. He is frequently invited by public and private institutions, including the Federal Government, to participate in official events, in addition to participating in monarchical events and meetings and traveling the country in campaigns to promote the monarchy.

A member of the House of Orléans-Braganza, Prince Bertrand is closely related to the Royal House of Portugal and the Royal House of France (Orleanist claimants), both by his father's lineage, and to the Royal House of Bavaria, by his mother's lineage. He is a great-gradson of both Empress Isabel of Brazil and King Ludwig III of Bavaria.

Prince Bertrand was born in Mandelieu, Vichy France, after his mother's family had been forced to leave Bavaria escaping Nazi persecution. He is the third son of Pedro Henrique, Prince of Brazil and Princess Maria Elisabeth of Bavaria, and the last of the couple's twelve children to be born abroad. His godparents were his great-uncle Prince Gennaro of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and his aunt Princess Pia Maria, Countess of Nicolaÿ. His elder brothers are, in order, Luiz, Prince of Brazil, who is the present Head of the Brazilian Imperial Family according to the Vassouras branch claim and Prince Eudes of Brazil, who renounced his dynastic rights to the Brazilian Throne. By his father's side he is a great-grandson of Empress Isabel of Brazil while by his mother's side he is a great-grandson of King Ludwig III of Bavaria.

Even though the exile imposed to the Imperial Family had already been revoked, in 1920, Bertrand's father had remained in Europe to complete his studies and find a proper wife. It was only after the Second World War that Prince Pedro Henrique, Princess Maria Elisabeth and their children were able to come to Brazil. Prince Bertrand was four years old by then.

In Brazil, where the Petrópolis branch of the Imperial Family had already been living since the 1920s, the Vassouras branch settled first in the Grão-Pará Palace in the state of Rio de Janeiro, where Bertrand carried out part of his secondary studies in the jesuit St. Ignatius College. Later his family moved to Paraná, where his father bought a farm in the town pf Jacarezinho and Prince Bertrand spent his childhood. When he was 18 years old, he went to São Paulo, where he achieved a bachelor's degree in Law from the Faculty of Law of the University of São Paulo in 1964, eventually remaining in the city where he still lives.

From a very young age he received Catholic formation, being guided by his father to the taste for the doctrinal study and the analysis of the national and international events. He participated with enthusiasm in the academic banks of the ideological struggles that marked Brazil in the first half of the sixties. His formation was completed with frequent trips to Europe, one of which took place during the entire First Session of the Second Vatican Council, when the young prince took close contact with the Catholic intelligentsia to Rome for the great event. Trained in civil piloting, Prince Bertrand became a reservist of the Brazilian Air Force.

He is a Traditionalist Catholic and a member of Tradition, Family and Property, of traditionalist Catholic inspiration, founded and directed by the intellectual conservative leader Plinio Corrêa de Oliveira, of whom he was a pupil, until his death. There it diffuses from the catholic and monarchical ideals, seen by him as "distinct and harmonious facets of the same ideal." His older brother, Prince Luiz, was also part of the organization. After the spin-off occurred in the entity, the prince and his brother began to collaborate with members linked to the Plinio Corrêa de Oliveira Institute (IPCO) and the Founders' Association. Both, in separate statements, oppose same-sex marriage, abortion, land reform, and Bertrand often displays prejudice against Protestantism. Prince Bertrand also denounces globalism and some environmental campaigns as ecoterrorism and labels global warming an "environmental myth". He further explains that he is not against the defense of the environment, but considers that there is a certain exaggeration in the conservation mechanisms currently implemented, which he denounces as marxist and anti-Christian. Besides Portuguese, his native language, Bertrand is fluent in French and comprehends German, his mother's native language, English and Spanish.

Having chosen to remain chaste, Prince Bertrand is not married and has no issue, so his dynastic heir is his younger brother, Antônio, Prince Imperial of Brazil, who is married to a Belgian princess, Princess Christine of Ligne, with issue.

Both he, his younger brother, Prince Antônio, are engaged in monarchist proselytism in Brazil. They both played main roles during the campaign for the 1993 plebiscite, which represented the hitherto only real opportunity for a return of the monarchy since the republican coup d'état, in 1889. In it, the people were asked to choose which form of government (presidential or parliamentary) and which form of state organization (republic or constitutional monarchy) Brazil should have. The monarchist cause was not successful, receiving only 13.4% of the vote.

In 15 July 2022, upon the death of his elder brother Luiz, Prince Bertrand became Head of the Imperial House of Brazil, a role he had already been perfoming "de facto" in a while.

In recent years, Prince Bertrand is coordinator and spokesman of the movement "Paz no Campo" (Peace in the fields), and has traveled all over Brazil lecturing for farmers and entrepreneurs in defense of private property and free enterprise. On 2012, Prince Bertrand wrote a book called "Psicose Ambientalista" (Environmentalist Psychosis), dealing of what he calls "the hoaxes created by radical environmentalists and by eco-terrorists".

Main activist and spokesman of the Brazilian Imperial House for the restoration of the monarchy, Prince Bertrand has gained prominence in the national media and, on some occasions, international media, with the rise and spread of monarchist movements throughout the country. The Prince Imperial participates annually in public meetings with monarchists, in addition to attending other meetings and conducting lectures, often at the invitation of private and public institutions such as the Brazilian Army, municipal governments, legislative assemblies and even the federal government, mainly for public events related to Brazil's monarchical past. On 2016 he gave an interview to Mariana Godoy on her program on RedeTV!, gaining notoriety with the general public. On 22 September 2017 Prince Bertrand participated in the program The Noite com Danilo Gentili, currently the largest talk show in the country, breaking the program's record of audience. In 2019 Prince Bertrand was the frontpage of the country's top newspaper, the "O Estado de S. Paulo", On speaking of tradition, conservatism and the relation between his branch of the family, the Bolsonaro clan and government. Despite the campaign, politically the monarchist movement is politically irrelevant and has between with 11% and 32% of support among the population, according to surveys.


As member of the House of Orléans-Braganza, Prince Bertrand hold the following positions:

He has decorated by the republican Brazil:

He received the following foreign honors:


Family of Donald Trump

The Trump family is a prominent business family based in the New York, United States, who have been long active and prominent in American politics, public service, entertainment, business, and have previously held political offices and roles in the federal government of the United States.

The Trump family is of German and Scottish descent and they were previously the first family of the United States from 2017 to 2021.

Donald Trump

Melania Trump

Donald Trump Jr. 

Ivanka Trump

Eric Trump

Tiffany Trump

Barron Trump

Ivana Trump

Marla Maples

Lara Trump

Vanessa Trump

Jared Kushner

Michael Buolos

Mary Trump

Frederick Trump Sr.

Mary Anne MacLeod Trump

Frederick Trump

Elizabeth Christ Trump

John George Trump

Maryanne Trump Barry

Frederick Trump Jr.

Robert Trump

Kai Madison Trump

Donald Trump lll

Spencer Trump

Tristan Trump

Chole Sophia Trump

Arabella Rose Kushner

Theodore James Kushner

Joseph Frederick Kusher

Eric L. Trump

Carolina Dorothy Trump

Wendy Callender

Wendy Callander (born 11 June 1960) is a retired Australian taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where womens judo was a demonstration sport, in the half-heavyweight event. At the Oceania Judo Championships she won the bronze medal in 1979 in the –66 kg and 15 years later in 1994 she won again the bronze medal in the -72 kg category.

Phillicia Sprauve

Phillicia Sprauve (born 3 August 1960) is a retired United States Virgin Islands taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event. At the 1986 Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the +70 kg category.


Tami Noel

Tami Noel (born 26 March 1958) is a retired United States Virgin Islands taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event. At the 1988 Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -65 kg category.

Mo Sun-young

Mo Sun-Young (born 11 March 1973) is a South Korean taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the finweight event. At the Asian Taekwondo Championships she became Asian Champion in 1992 after winning the bronze medal in 1990.

María Rosa Moreno

María Rosa Moreno (born 9 August 1964) is a retired Spanish taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the finweight event.

She won the bronze medal at the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships in the -43 kg category. At the European Taekwondo Championships, she became the European Champion in 1988 She won the silver medal in 1986 and the bronze medal in 1990.

Brooks Brothers

Brooks Brothers is one of the oldest clothing stores in America. It produces clothing for men, women, and children. The company was founded in 1818. It is known for classic and formal luxury clothing such as suits, Oxford shirts and overcoats. The style of Brooks Brothers has been called the Madison Avenue approach, the Ivy League style or the "Brooks Brothers Look.” The company is historically significant. Many American presidents and celebrities have worn Brooks Brothers clothing.

Opioid epidemic in the United States

In the United States, many prescribed painkillers use opioids. Opioids are effective at suppressing pain, but they can cause addiction. When people take opioids for a longer period of time, they will get addicted. Because of this, many people in the U.S. are addicted, and there are also many addiction-related deaths. This is known as the opioid crisis or opioid epidemic 

The crisis intensified during the COVID-19 pandemic . According to the CDC, almost 841,000 people died from drug overdoses between 1999 and March 2021. Most of them had become addicted to painkillers that were previously prescribed.

One such opioid is Fentanyl. Since 2018, fentanyl and its analogues have been responsible for most drug overdose deaths in the United States, causing over 71,238 deaths in 2021.

In 2023, it is said that "more Americans than ever are dying from fentanyl overdoses". The number of people dying because of fentanyl has increased with the illicit manufacture of the drug, and by its use with methamphetamines. 111,000 people died from January to April 2023 - more than those who died in car accidents.

Narcan is a drug that can be used to reverse or reduce the effects of opioids. It is available in vending machines in some Chicago subway stations. It can be bought without a prescription in some states, and in some places is free.

"The Crime of the Century" is an American two-part documentary movie, directed, produced, and written by Alex Gibney. The movie follows the opioid epidemic in the United States, and the political operatives, government regulations and corporations that enable the abuse of opioids, particularly the Sackler family and Purdue Pharma. It was aired in two parts beginning on May 10, 2021, and May 11, 2021, by HBO.



Sandgate, Vermont

Sandgate is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Searsburg, Vermont

Searsburg is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Shaftsbury, Vermont

Shaftsbury is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Stamford, Vermont

Stamford is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Khaby Lame

Kebabby Lame (; born 9 March 2000) is a Senegalese social media personality based in Italy. He does TikTok videos in which he silently mocks complicated life hack videos. He is is the most-followed TikToker.

Dos Palos, California

Dos Palos is a city in Merced County, California, United States.

Livingston, California

Livingston is a city in Merced County, California, United States.

Egretta

The genus contains 13 species:

Los Banos, California

Los Banos is a city in Merced County, California, United States. The name is Spanish for "the baths".

Del Rey Oaks, California

Del Rey Oaks is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

Gonzales, California

Gonzales is a city in Monterey County, California, United States. It is in the Salinas Valley, which is an very productive farming area. It is known for growing vegetables and wine.

Greenfield, California

Greenfield is a city in Monterey County, California, United States. It is in the Salinas Valley, a very productive farming area. It is known for growing vegetables and wine.

King City, California

King City is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

Marina, California

Marina is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

Sand City, California

Sand City is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

Soledad, California

Soledad is a city in Monterey County, California, United States.

American Canyon, California

American Canyon is a city in Napa County, California, United States.

Rocklin, California

Rocklin is a city in Placer County, California, United States.

Portola, California

Portola is a city in Plumas County, California, United States.

Blythe, California

Blythe is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.


Calimesa, California

Calimesa is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Eastvale, California

Eastvale is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Lake Elsinore, California

Lake Elsinore is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Norco, California

Norco is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

San Jacinto, California

San Jacinto is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Wildomar, California

Wildomar is a city in Riverside County, California, United States.

Adwaita

Adwaita (meaning "one and only" in Sanskrit) (c. 1750 – 22 March 2006), also spelled Addwaita, was a male Aldabra giant tortoise. When he died, he was thought to be one of the longest-living animals in the world.

He may have come from Aldabra, in the Seychelles, although this has not been confirmed. He and four other tortoises lived at Robert Clive's estate in Barrackpore, Calcutta. It was said that Clive got the tortoises after he won the Battle of Plassey in 1757. Carl Louis Schwendler, the founder of Alipore Zoo, moved Adwaita there in 1875 or 1876. Adwaita lived there until he died on 22 March 2006 when he was about 255 years old.

Yvette Thuot

Marie Rose Yvette Pauline Thuot (13 October 1918 – 5 December 2021) was a Canadian actress. She was known for among others playing in “La revanche de Madame Beauchamp” playing the title character Madame Beauchamp and for her role in “Black list” in 1995. She played in her last film, Xavier Dolan’s Laurence Anyways at the age of 93. Ten years later Thuot died in 2021 at the age of 103.



Ian Healy

Ian Andrew Healy was born 30 April, 1964 in Brisbane. He is a former cricketer who played 119 tests and 168 one-day internationals for Australia and also played for Queensland in the Sheffield Shield. He held the record of 395 dismissals in test cricket until it was eclipsed by Adam Gilchrist. All four of his first-class centuries were scored in test cricket.


Zambia national netball team

The Zambia national netball team represent Zambia in international netball competition and are governed by Netball Association of Zambia. They have attended the Netball World Cup twice in 1999 and 2015.

Temple name

In East Asia, a temple name is a name given to monarchs. It is given after a monarch has died. It is used for ancestor worship. It describes how a king or an emperor rules his kingdom when they were alive. It is used in China, Korea, and Vietnam. Japan does not use temple names.

Tagesschau (German TV program)

Tagesschau (German: "Review of the Day") is a German national and international television news service. It is part of the public television network ARD. It records news daily. The service includes the following programs: Das Erste, tagesschau24 and Live Stream on tagesschau.de. The service provides 100-second and 15-minute news videos every day. There is also a Wochenschau ("Review of the Week") The service has been covering German and international news since 1951. Tagesschau was founded in "West Germany". It is the oldest and most watched news program in Germany. There are about 10 million viewers each night at the standard broadcast at 8:00 pm.

Esquelbecq

Esquelbecq is a commune in the Nord department in north France. In 2019, 2,116 people lived there.

Iesi

Iesi, also called Jesi, is a town and commune in province of Ancona, Italy. 

Pergola

Pergola is a commune in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino, Italy. The Gilt Bronzes from Cartoceto di Pergola were found here.

Ménétréol-sur-Sauldre

Ménétréol-sur-Sauldre () is a commune in the Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France.

Guns of the Black Witch

Guns of the Black Witch () is a 1961 Italian French adventure movie directed by Domenico Paolella and starring Don Megowan, Silvana Pampanini, Germano Longo, Emma Danieli, Livio Lorenzon.

Villequiers

Villequiers () is a French commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. As of 2019, it has a population of 464.

Enerhodar

Enerhodar (; , , ; ) is a city and municipality in the north-western part of Zaporizhzhia Oblast in Ukraine. The city was captured by the Russian Armed Forces during the battle of Enerhodar and is currently under their control. Its population is about 52,887 as of 2021.

Enerhodar was founded on June 12, 1970, to build and maintain the Zaporizhzhia thermal power station. During the 1980s, Europe's biggest nuclear power plant, the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant, was built there. Many people work at these two power stations.


Farruko

Carlos Efrén Reyes Rosado (born May 2, 1991), also known by his stage name Farruko, is a retired Puerto Rican singer-songwriter. He became famous after working with Daddy Yankee, J Balvin, Don Omar and J Álvarez. He released his first studio album, "El Talento Del Bloque", was released in 2010.



Herbert W. Franke

Herbert W. Franke (14 May 1927 – 16 July 2022) was an Austrian scientist and writer. He was a computer artist. He created computer graphics and early digital art since the late 1950s. Franke worked on future research and speleology. 

Franke was born in Vienna, Austria. He died on 16 July 2022 in Egling, Germany at the age of 95. 

Francisco Cumplido

Francisco Guillermo Cumplido Cereceda (23 October 1930 – 16 July 2022) was a Chilean politician and lawyer. He was the Minister of Justice under Patricio Aylwin's government from 1990 to 1994. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Party. Cumplido was born in Santiago, Chile.

Cumplido died on 16 July 2022 in Santiago at the age of 91.

Nikolai Krogius

Nikolai Vladimirovich Krogius (July 22, 1930 – July 14, 2022) was a Russian Chess Grandmaster, International Arbiter (1985), psychologist, chess coach, chess administrator, and author. He coached World Champion Boris Spassky for many years. He also was chairman of the USSR Chess Federation. He was the co-winner of the 1993 World Senior Chess Championship.

Krogius died on July 14, 2022 in New York City, eight days before his 92nd birthday.

Arne Åhman

Per Arne Åhman (4 February 1925 – 5 July 2022) was a Swedish athlete. He won the triple jump event at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

2022 European heat waves

There were heat waves in many European countries in June and July 2022. It created all-time high temperatures in many places. The rising temperatures caused wildfires to break out across Europe, and the high temperatures caused hundreds of deaths across Spain and Portugal. The United Kingdom sent its first ever "red" level temperature warning. Many towns were evacuated in Portugal and France.

Climate scientists have connected the extreme heat to climate change. Over 3,000 people have died because of the heat waves.

The highest temperature recorded was in Pinhão, Portugal on 14 July.

Ricky Bibey

Ricky Bibey (22 September 1981 – 17 July 2022) was an English professional rugby league footballer. Bibey was born in Leigh, England.

Bibey played in the 2000s and 2010s. He played at representative level for England (A-Team), and at club level for Wigan Warriors (Heritage No. 941), Leigh Centurions (Heritage No. 1211) (three spells), St. Helens (Heritage No. 1137), Oldham (Heritage No.) and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats (Heritage No. 1253). He was forced to retire in May 2012.

Bibey was found dead, aged 40, at his hotel room in Florence, Italy on 17 July 2022.


Leigh, Greater Manchester

Leigh is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England. It is on low-lying land northwest of Chat Moss. 

Within the boundaries of the historic county of Lancashire, Leigh was originally the centre of a large ecclesiastical parish covering six vills or townships. When the three townships of Pennington, Westleigh and Bedford merged in 1875 forming the Leigh Local Board District, Leigh became the official name for the town. It had been applied to the area of Pennington and Westleigh around the parish church for many centuries.
The town became an urban district in 1894 when part of Atherton was added. In 1899 Leigh became a municipal borough. The first town hall was built in King Street. It was replaced by the present building in 1907.

Pacific, Missouri

Pacific (formerly known as Franklin) is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri in eastern Franklin County and extending to the east into southwest St. Louis County. The population was 7,414 at the 2020 census.

Sajith Premadasa

Sajith Premadasa, MP (, ; born 12 January 1967) is a Sri Lankan politician. He is the current Leader of the Opposition of Sri Lanka since 2020. He is also a Member of Parliament for Colombo District. 

Premadasa is the son of Ranasinghe Premadasa, who was the President of Sri Lanka from 1989 to 1993. He studied at S. Thomas' Preparatory School, Royal College, Colombo and Mill Hill School before entering London School of Economics.

Tlaloc

Tlaloc is one of the pantheon of gods in Aztec religion.


Pero, Lombardy

Pero (Milanese: / peːr) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a 10,378 people living there and an area of .

Pero is twinned with:


Ae, Dumfries and Galloway

Ae is a village in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland. Ae is located on the edge of a large man made Conifer Forest and is around 9 miles (14km) from Dumfries. 

Four Towers, Somerset

Four Towers is a formerly inhabited area between Brewham and Charlton Musgrove. It is near Wincanton in the south of Somerset on the Southeast of England in the United Kingdom.

The area of Four Towers consists of various small communites:


The Death of the Bull (Pettinicchio)

The Death of the Bull () is a 20th-century late impressionist oil painting by Umberto Pettinicchio. It was made and exhibited in 1981, in Milan]. It is part of the permanent collection of the Museo de Arte Moderno y Contemporáneo de Santander y Cantabria.

The painting is a work on the protection of animals, bringing to life the harsh reality of suffering. The death of the matador exactly reflects the state of mind of the toto raised in the air his neck twisted by pain, the blood gushing from his belly, the same suffering bull. Everything in this composition is dramatic, enhanced by the red that impresses the viewer, making him experience the suffering of the animal.

The work has the very violent colors of red and black. It is even more poignant because the violence is suggested by the size of an immense bull, covered in blood. The violence and brutality of the bull's wiggling for life contrast with the pity and love that wants to generate the suffering of the bull towards the viewer.




Hermann, Missouri

Hermann is the county seat of Gasconade County, Missouri, United States.

Osteocephalus deridens

The Osteocephalus deridens is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador, Peru, Brazil, and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 250 and 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 28.8–34.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 43.7–50.6 mm long. This is a medium-sized frog the color of coffee (brown). It has a cream-colored (white) mark under each eye. The belly is cream-white. The bones of the feet are green in color, and a human can see them through the skin.

This frog moves at night. The male frogs sit on bromeliad plants about 5 m above the ground and sing. They live in forests with firm ground. The female frog lays eggs in bromeliad plants. Scientists think she comes back to the same plant and lays more eggs for the tadpoles to eat.

Scientists gave this frog the name "deridere" for the Latin word for "laughing" because the male frogs sound as if they are laughing.

Oak Grove, Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana

Oak Grove is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, United States.

LaFlia Contenidos

LaFlia Contenidos (or just LaFlia) is an Argentine media and services production company created by Argentine television presenter, sports leader, and businessman Marcelo Tinelli, as the successor of his first production company "Ideas del Sur", whose general manager is Federico Facello. It was announced on social networks on 20 February 2018.

After the breakup at the end of 2017 of the partnership with the "Indalo Group", Showmatch lived a year with many conflicts, leading to almost ceasing broadcasts. At the end of that year, continuity was confirmed of the cycle in the present 2018 and 2019, with the support of the authorities of El Trece, but without the participation of "Ideas del Sur" as a producer.

However, there were rumors that the program should change its name since the Showmatch brand would not belong to the new production, so the possibility of retaking the old video match name was considered, but given the protection of said name by being owned by Telefe, the name that was handled for the 2018 season was originally going to be called "ShowDance", then Tinelli decided that the name would be "Bailando", but in the end, it returned with the same name as always (Showmatch).

According to Marcelo himself, he commented on Facebook Live in which he introduced the production company, the name is due to the union between the company's employees and viewers with more than twenty years of experience. He commented: 

On 23 February 2018, The company signed a contract with the Mexican company Televisa and achieved the acquisition of the rights to the Mexican dance reality show "Bailando por un sueño" until 2027.

Quadronno District

Quadronno or Quartiere Quadronno is one of the luxury residential districts of the upper class that make up Milano, in the historical center of the city. Quadronno is considered the oldest "contrada" in the whole city of Milan and one the most richest and expensive residential neighborhood of Italy.
The "Quartiere Quadronno" is a luxury vintage district enclosed in a area between the square of Crocetta and Corso di Porta Vigentina up to the Gardens of Via della Guastalla, Viale Beatrice d'Este-Viale Filippetti (corner Via Cassolo) and Corso Italia to Piazza Missori. The Quadronno in Milan is full of luxurious condominiums by historical '50 archistars designers that make this area special, where you can find almost anything you want in an exclusive and exciting area.





Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe

Beavis and Butt-Head Do the Universe is a 2022 American adult animated comedy movie. It was directed by Jim Reardon and written by Mike Judge and Scott Hemming.
The movie was released on December 16, 2022, on Paramount Pictures.

Lechlade

Lechlade (), or Lechlade-on-Thames, is a town in Cotswolds, Gloucestershire, England. It is named after the River Leach. As of 2011, it has a population of around 2,850.

Evidence of human occupation begins during the neolithic, Iron Age and Roman periods. The town later became a trading centre. Lechlade is home to the Anglican Church of St Lawrence which has been there since the 15th century, as well as a Baptist Church on Sherborne Street, there since 1817. In modern times, many cultural and social activities occur around the town's Memorial Hall, which was burned down by a fire and rebuilt in 2016.

After World War II, the development of the nearby air force stations, RAF Fairford and RAF Brize Norton, helped expand the town.

Four Seasons

Four seasons may mean:

The Four Seasons (Vivaldi)

The Four Seasons () is a set of violin concertos written by Antonio Vivaldi. Each concerto is a musical depiction of one of the four seasons. It is a part of a larger set of violin concertos called "Il cimento dell'armonia e dell'inventione". It was first published in 1725 in Amsterdam.

Lucas Gourna-Douath

Lucas Gourna-Douath (born 5 August 2003) is a French professional footballer. He plays as midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

Gourna-Douath started in local clubs near his birthplace. In 2018 he went to Saint-Étienne. On 6 May 2020 he signed his first professional contract with the club at the age of 16. He made his debut in a 2–0 Ligue 1 win over Strasbourg on 12 September 2020.

On 13 July 2022 he signed Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg. The transfer fee paid to Saint-Étienne was €15 million. He ist the most expensive signing in the history of Austrian football.
Gourna-Douath was born in France and is of Central African Republic origin. He is a youth international for France and captain of the U19 team.


It Happened in Athens

It Happened in Athens is a 1962 Greek American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Andrew Marton and starring Trax Colton, Jayne Mansfield, Xenia Kalogeropoulou, Nico Minardos, Bob Mathias, Ivan Triesault, Titos Vandis. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


You Should Be Dancing

"You Should Be Dancing" is a song from 1976. It was written by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb. It was performed by the Bee Gees. The band released it as a single in 1976 and was leading song from their album "Children of the World" and went to number 1 in the United States, number 1 in Canada, number 4 in Ireland, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Italy, number 8 in Sweden, number 10 in New Zealand and number 20 in Australia.

Your Love (The Outfield song)

"Your Love" is a 1985 song by English rock group The Outfield. It was taken from their debut album "Play Deep" and charted at number 6 in the United States. It is an uptempo new wave, power pop, rock single.

Pero (disambiguation)

Pero may refer to:


TV Pinsk Music Top 10 (2017 TV Series)

TV Pinsk Music Top 10 - musical show released in 2017.





Kinopoisk

Kinopoisk (, a portmanteau of "cinema" and "search") is a Russian online database. It started in 2003. It has information about movies and TV shows including cast, production team, biographies, plot summaries, ratings, and reviews. It also has stills, trailers, posters, and wallpapers. 

Users can edit the information and post reviews. 

From April 2018, Kinopoisk has an application for Samsung TVs with Smart TV function, which allows people to watch films for rent or purchase.


Director of photography

The cinematographer or director of photography (sometimes shortened to DP or DOP) is the person responsible for the photographing or recording of a film, television production, music video or other live action piece.
There are a number of national associations of cinematographers that represent members (irrespective of their official titles) for the advancement of cinematography, including:



A Girl Named Tamiko

A Girl Named Tamiko is a 1962 American romantic drama movie directed by John Sturges and was based on the novel of the same name by Ronald Kirkbride. It stars Laurence Harvey, France Nuyen, Martha Hyer, Gary Merrill and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown

Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown () is a 1988 Spanish black comedy-drama movie directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Carmen Maura, Antonio Banderas, Julieta Serrano, María Barranco, Rossy de Palma, Kiti Mánver. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1989.

Gastonia (dinosaur)

Gastonia is an armoured dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of North America. It lived about 139 to 125 million years ago.

It was a nodosaurid, closely related to "Polacanthus". "Gastonia" has a sacral shield and large shoulder spikes.

Several examples of this genus of herbivorous ankylosaur were found in Utah in the Cedar Mountain Formation.

Boys' Night Out (movie)

Boys' Night Out is a 1962 American romantic comedy movie directed by Michael Gordon and starring Kim Novak, James Garner, Tony Randall, Howard Duff, Janet Blair, Patti Page, Zsa Zsa Gabor, William Bendix, Howard Morris. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


La Roue

La Roue (, 'The Wheel') is a 1923 French silent drama movie directed by Abel Gance and starring Séverin-Mars, Ivy Close, Gabriel de Gravone, Pierre Magnier, Max Maxudian, Georges Térof.


You Never Know Women

You Never Know Women is a 1926 American romantic drama movie directed by William A. Wellman and starring Florence Vidor, Lowell Sherman, Clive Brook, Roy Stewart, El Brendel, Sidney Bracey. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


José Guadalupe Galván Galindo

José Guadalupe Galván Galindo (21 August 1941 – 16 July 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1965. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ciudad Valles, Mexico from 1994 to 2000 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Torreón, Mexico from 2000 until his retirement in 2017. He was born in Cadereyta Jiménez, Mexico.

Galván Galindo died on 16 July 2022 at a hospital in Torreón, Mexico from congestive heart failure, aged 80.

Adventure (1936 movie)

Adventure (Swedish: Äventyret) is a 1936 Swedish drama movie directed by Per-Axel Branner and was based on the 1913 play "The Beautiful Adventure" by Gaston Arman de Caillavet, Robert de Flers and Étienne Rey. It stars Karin Swanström, Tutta Rolf, Olof Winnerstrand, Elsa Carlsson, Håkan Westergren, Frida Winnerstrand, Irma Christenson, Elsa Ebbesen.

Georgios Daskalakis

Georgios P. Daskalakis (; 12 July 1936 – 16 July 2022) was a Greek businessman, trade unionist, and politician. He was in the Hellenic Parliament from 1981 until 1996 and from 2000 until 2004. Daskalakis was one of the co-founders of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. Daskalakis was born in Lagadia, Greece.

Daskalakis died on 16 July 2022 in Athens, Greece at the age of 86.

Georgs Andrejevs

Georgs Andrejevs (30 October 1932 – 16 July 2022) was a Latvian politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament for the Latvian Way party from 2004 to 2009. He was the Foreign Minister of Latvia from 1992 to 1994. He was born in Tukums, Latvia.

Andrejevs died on 16 July 2022 in Riga, Latvia at the age of 89.

James M. McCoy

James M. McCoy (July 30, 1930 – July 13, 2022) was an American Air Force officer. He was the sixth Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force from 1979 to 1981. McCoy was born in Creston, Iowa and was raised in Atchison, Kansas. He served during the Vietnam War. 

McCoy died on July 13, 2022 at the age of 91.

Southampton, Massachusetts

Southampton () is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States. Southampton is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. The town had a population of 6,224 at the 2020 census.

Southampton was voted as having the best tasting tap water in the country in 2008 by the National Rural Water Association.

Whitinsville, Massachusetts

Whitinsville is an unincorporated village within the town of Northbridge in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. Whitinsville is a census-designated place (CDP) and its population was 6,750 at the 2020 census. 

Northbridge, Massachusetts

Northbridge is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 16,335 at the 2020 census.

Benthe König

Benthe König (born 2 February 2000) is a Dutch athlete from Velp competing in the shot put. 

König was talented from a young age. At a youth competition König threw farther than the measuring tape. "The organizasion had not taken into account that a pupil whould be to throw that far.

In 2019 König won the silver medal at the 2019 Dutch Indoor Athletics Championships behind Jorinde van Klinken. In that year she started working on a new technique. She competed in the shot put event at the 2019 European Athletics U23 Championships and finished 6th in the final. At the 2020 Dutch Indoor Athletics Championships and 2021 Dutch Indoor Athletics Championships she won the bronze medal.

Due to her position on the world ranking list, she qualified for the 2022 World Athletics Championships in the shot put event in Oregon, United States.

König has three sisters, and all competed in athletics. Benthe was the only of the four who continued with athletics.

Ticket to Paradise (2022 movie)

Ticket to Paradise is a 2022 American romantic comedy movie directed by Ol Parker and written by Parker and Daniel Pipski. It stars George Clooney and Julia Roberts.

The movie is about two divorced parents going to Bali after learning their daughter is getting married to an Indonesian man she has just met. They decide to work together to end the wedding so that her marriage does not end like theirs.

The movie is set to be released by Universal Pictures on October 21, 2022 in the United States.

James Goldsmith

Sir James Michael Goldsmith was a French-British financier, tycoon and politician. He was a member of the Goldsmith family. His controversial business and finance career led to ongoing clashes with British media, frequently involving litigation or the threat of litigation.

Osteocephalus fuscifacies

Osteocephalus fuscifacies is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador and Peru. In Ecuador, it lives near the River Napo. Scientists have seen it between 250 and 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 34.7–44.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 57.5–51.5 mm.

The skin on the frog's back is the color of coffee. The skin on the frog's belly is the color of coffee mixed with gray, with white bumps. Some frogs have a gray or brown mark below each eye. The iris of the eye is gold in color with black marks.

This frog moves at night. The male frogs sit on bromeliad plants 7 m or more above the forest floor. The female frogs lay their eggs in water that in the bromeliad leaves. The tadpoles hatch and swim in this water. This frog almost never goes to the forest floor. It stays in the trees for most of its life.

The Latin name of this frog "fuscifacies" means "brown face."

The Ace of Cads

The Ace of Cads is a 1926 American romantic drama movie directed by first time director Luther Reed and was based on the short story of the same name by Michael Arlen. It stars Alice Joyce, Adolphe Menjou, Norman Trevor and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Rovito

Rovito (Calabrian: ) is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.

Left-wing libertarianism

Left-wing libertarianism is a kind of left-wing politics that says the government should have less control over people's lives. Left-wing libertarians want a mix of personal freedoms with social equality. They normally believe in a more progressive lifestyle than other libertarians. But they agree that people should normally have more free choice.

Left-wing anarchism is an extreme kind of left-wing libertarianism. It wants to get rid of government and capitalism entirely. Libertarianism can also sometimes mix with socialism. This is called socialist libertarianism. But these different names can sometimes all mean the same thing. Socialist libertarians and anarchists want to end private property because they believe people who own it get unfair power over others. They want a future based on people working to help each other, instead of for money. But they want to make these things happen without using a government.


Pero, Savona

Pero is a village located in the municipality of Varazze in the province of Savona of the Liguria region.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 80 metres hurdles

The 80 metres hurdles at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

During the heats the starter waited a very long time in before firing the start gun. In heat 4 the Dutch Agaath Doorgeest was disqualified after making two false starts. The British public did not agree. The audience started to whistle and there were chants. The public demanded that she got another chance. When that (of course) didn't happen, the public request the starter who was the starter at the Empire Games a few days earlier. It took so long for the crowd to calm down that some of the athletes didn't want to start anymore.

In the final, the German Ruth Engelhard won the event in 11.6 seconds that was a new world record, beating the previous world record 11.7 seconds of the American Babe Didrikson.

Sources:

Source:

Gerda Pirch from Germany who won the silver medal in 1930 finished fourth in one of the semi-finals and was eliminated.

Source:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.
Sources:

Udaariyaan

Udaariyaan () is an Indian television drama series that airs on Colors TV. Produced by Sargun Mehta and Ravi Dubey, it premiered on 15 March 2021. It features Ankit Gupta, Priyanka Choudhary and Isha Malviya.




Girls5eva

Girls5eva is an American musical comedy television series created by Meredith Scardino. It premiered on May 6, 2021, on Disney Channel. The series centers on four women who were part of a girl group named Girls5eva in te 1990s. The girl group was popular around the 2000 before fading into one-hit-wonder status. Now unfulfilled in their various lives, the women reunite in an attempt to find musical success again. 

One of Girls5eva's hit songs is sampled by a rapper named Lil Stinker. 

Technoblade

Alexander (June 1, 1999 – June 2022), better known as Technoblade, was an American YouTuber known for "Minecraft" videos and livestreams on YouTube. He was also known for his involvement in a roleplay group called the Dream SMP. His YouTube channel had more than 14 million subscribers in July 2022. He died sometime in June 2022 of cancer.

HIT: The First Case (2022 movie)

HIT: The First Case is a 2022 Indian Telugu-language action thriller film directed by Sailesh Kolanu from a screenplay also by him. The dialogues of the film were written by Girish Kohli. It is a remake of the . It stars Rajkummar Rao and Sanya Malhotra. It released on July 15, 2022.

Vikram Jaisingh aka Vicky is a cop who works in the Homicide Intervention Team HIT, and is sharp person, who solves crucial cases with his ability to capture even the smallest of details, thus earning the trust of his senior Ajit. He is in love with Neha Mehta, his colleague and a forensic official.

Rohit is Vikram's close friend and his colleague, who accompanies him in most of his cases. Vikram is constantly in an argument with Akshay, another officer, who crosses lines with Vikram. Vikram occasionally suffers from PTSD due to his past experience and refuses to take pills as he believes it slows down his abilities.

Meanwhile, a girl named Preeti is driving on the highway, and her car stops to the side because it suffers a malfunction. Officer Ibrahim Sheikh, stops to help her, and she calls her father since she forgot her phone at her home. When her father comes to pick her up, he sees that she has gone missing and Ibrahim says that she got into a blue car and he thought it was his car.

When Preeti's parents approach Ibrahim demandingly, he remains firm and insults them. Being a good friend of Preeti’ parents, Ajit decides to suspend Ibrahim because of how he acted and since he does not believe him. Vikram decides to take a six-month break to relieve his PTSD attacks. After two months, Vikram gets a call that Neha goes missing. He decides to go back to Ajit and ask for the case file for Neha going missing, but he says Akshay is dealing with the case, and he cannot give it to him.

Vikram decides to ask Saxena, who is Neha's colleague, about the cases Neha has dealt with the past two months. Vikram and Rohit connect Preeti's and Neha's missing case and deduce that the same person is involved in both cases. Vikram decides to investigate, and he asks Srinivas for Preethi's case, and he takes over the case.

Meanwhile, Akshay has suspicions that Vikram was the one who kidnapped Neha. Vikram decides to go to Preeti's college, and he asks Ajay and Sandya about what happened the previous night, and they say the same response how they were at a pub. Vikram and Rohit ask both Preeti's parents, and they say that her parents died in a plane crash and she was living with them and Preeti's neighbor Sheela about her.

Vikram and Rohit start deducing the case, and they come to a conclusion that Sheela kidnapped Preeti after they see Sheela's blue car and a note forged by Sheela indicating the whereabouts of Preeti's corpse. Ibrahim then sees the car and says that Sheela was not the one who kidnapped Preeti. Vikram and his team dig up the body behind the house and find that it is unnoticeable and it has a few DNA samples on it.

Vikram suspects Ajay because he said that Preeti was his girlfriend. While searching for the evidences Vikram gets a call from a stranger named Eesha who is stalked by a man in a car telling her to stop so that he can talk, but she drives fast and reaches the outskirts and contacted Vikram. Vikram begins his investigation in the toll booth in the highway. Vikram using the toll gate security cameras he deduces that the man who kidnapped was Fahad. After Vikram, Akshay, and Ibrahim find Fahad, Ibrahim is shot dead by Fahad while Vikram and Akshay capture him. Fahad takes them to the house where he received the money to kidnap Preeti. Vikram finds out that it was Rohit's house, and before Rohit shoots him, he shoots him dead.

Akshay goes upstairs and gets Neha. During the funeral of Rohit Sapna explains how Preeti and Sapna belonged to the same orphanage. Sapna had started developing feelings for Preeti since the age of 14. Saraswati Ma'am from the orphanage had tried to separate them. A couple came to adopt a child and were interested in both of them. But in the end they choose one and Preeti gets selected and adopted. Saraswati Ma'am asked her to suppress her feelings.

Sapna explains how she saw Preeti at a club and suddenly all the pent up feelings came out. Sapna tries to tell Preeti but Preeti rebukes Sapna. To express her feelings to Preeti, Sapna kidnaps Preeti with the help of Fahad and then Preeti dies in a scuffle. Rohit tries to protect Sapna by burying her and planting the DNA evidences. Sapna explains the whole story and Sapna gets arrested. Vikram attends the funeral of Both Preeti and Ibrahim. the Unidentified DNA on Preeti was of Rohit . He knew he would be caught and wanted to die at the hands of Vikram.

When Neha and Vikram are talking, Vikram almost gets shot, hinting at a sequel.


Ƌ

Ƌ is a letter in the Latin alphabet that was used in writing.
It’s lowercase is ƌ.

Giovanni de Martino

Giovanni De Martino (January 13, 1870, Naples–March 3, 1935, Naples) was an Italian sculptor active in Paris. During the 1931 Quadrennial Exhibition in Rome, Benito Mussolini identified Giovanni de Martino as the most important sculptor representing Italian art.

In 1900, he won a prize at the Salon de Paris at Louvre Museum for a bronze of a fisherman.


At a New York Sotheby's auction in 2008, Giovanni De Martino's "Fishermen" (1930), a bronze sculpture, sold for US $7,500 plus auction fees.



Ruth Engelhard

Ruth Engelhard (née Ruth Becker, 3 January 1909 – 22 October 1975) was a German track and field athlete specialized in the 80 metres hurdles event. She set two times a world record and eight times the German national record. She became several times national champion.

Engelhard won the gold medal at the 1934 Women's World Games in the 80 metres hurdles event setting a new world record in the final of 11.6 seconds.

She married to Hermann Engelhard on 12 May 1932 in Steglitz-Zehlendorf. She had two sons Frank (1936-2015) and Bernd (born 1940).

Boudewijn Paans

Boudewijn Bernard Leopold Paans (31 October 1943 – 1 July 2021) was a Dutch writer and journalist.

He was editor of the VPRO Gids from 1976 to 2004. He became , in 1991.

Paans was a regular columnist for "de Volkskrant" supplement "Het Vervolg" from 1984 to 1991. Later, he also wrote columns for Amersfoortse Courant, "Utrechts Nieuwsblad" and "Soester Courant".

In addition to his work as editor-in-chief and columnist, Paans wrote radio dramas based on books. Examples of this includethe books by "Janwillem van de Wetering" and "Mien van 't Sant".

Paans married to Anna who worked for the "Gooi- en Eemlander" and "Amersfoortse Courant". Their son was journalist Arjan Paans (1969-2023). Paans died in Laren on 1 July 2021, aged 77.


Yolanda Santana

Yolanda Santana Vega (born 10 January 1972) is a Spanish taekwondo athlete. 

She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event. At the 1989 World Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the +70 kg category.

Yvonne Tillmann

Yvonne Tillmann (born 10 October 1967) is a German former taekwondo practitioner. 

She represented West Germany at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the lightweight event.

At the 1990 European Taekwondo Championships she won for Germany the bronze medal in the -55 kg category. She was three times German champion.

She was a member of TC Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.

Ute Güster

Ute Güster (born 19 February 1957) is a West German taekwondo athlete. 

She won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event.

At the European Taekwondo Championships she became European Champion in 1984, won the silver medal in 1986 and the bronze medal in 1988. She was four times German champion.

She was a member of Taekwondo-Verein Han Kook Aachen in Aachen.

Sonny Seidel

Sonny Seidel-Jung (born 7 May 1968) is a German former taekwondo practitioner. 

She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the welterweight class, finishing third. She represented West Germany in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the lightweight class.

At the 1988 European Taekwondo Championships, she won the silver medal for West Germany. In 1992, she became European Champion for Germany in the -65kg category. She was seven times German champion.

She was a member of Chung-Gun Hammersbach in Hammersbach.

Gerda Pirch

Gerda Pirch (married name Gerda Pinski, born 6 December 1910) was a German track and field athlete specialized in the 80 metres hurdles event. She was a member of SCC Berlin and represented Germany at international competitions.

Pirch won the silver medal at the 1930 Women's World Games in the 80 metres hurdles event. The next year she was disqualified at the 1931 Olympics of Grace. In her heat there were many false starts and not the only one who was disqualified. protests had no effect on lifting disqualification. She also competed at the 1934 Women's World Games in London in the 80 metres hurdles event but was eliminated in the semi-finals.

Pirch won several medals at national championships in the 80 metres hurdles event. After winning the silver medal at the , Pirch became national champion at the and . She won at the the bronze medal and at the the silver medal.

Sabina Luciani

Sabina Luciani (born 18 June 1963) is a Danish taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the welterweight event.

At the 1988 European Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -65 kg category.

Maryla Freiwald

Maryla Freiwald (8 January 1911 — 1962) was a Polish track and field hurdler, long jumper and sprinter. She was a member of Makabi Kraków and represented Poland at international competitions.

Freiwald won the bronze medal at the 1930 Women's World Games in the 4 × 100 metres relay event. In the 80 metres hurdles event she reached the final where she finished fourth. She also competed at the 1934 Women's World Games in London in the 80 metres hurdles event where she was eliminated in the semi-finals.

Freiwald became eight times Polish national champion. Five times in the 80 m hurdles (1928, 1929, 1934, 1935 and 1936), in the 4 x 200 m relay (1936) in the long jump (1927) and in the standing long jump. She was also set the Polish record in the 80 metres (13.1 seconds) in 1929.

That's All (Genesis song)

"That's All" is a 1983 song by Genesis. It was released on 31 October 1983 and appears as the second track on their 1983 album "Genesis". It reached number 6 in the United States and number 16 in the United Kingdom.

Clutch (eggs)

A clutch is a group of eggs. When people say "clutch," they mean living eggs that have not hatched yet. Usually, they mean eggs laid by the same mother. Usually, they mean eggs laid at the same time.

A clutch can be just one egg or many. For example, many ocean birds lay only one or two eggs in one clutch. Some frogs lay hundreds of eggs in one clutch.

Sometimes the parents will stay with the clutch to guard it. Sometimes the parents will sit on the eggs to keep them warm. Sometimes the parents will bury or hide the eggs and then leave.

Clutch (disambiguation)

A clutch is a machine part. It helps move power from one part of a machine to another.

Clutch may also refer to:






After Hours til Dawn Tour

The After Hours til Dawn Tour is the seventh tour by Canadian recording artist The Weeknd. It began July 14, 2022, in Philadelphia. It is in support of The Weeknd's fourth album "After Hours" (2020) and fifth album "Dawn FM" (2022).

The tour was originally called The After Hours Tour, but it was canceled because of the coronavirus pandemic and because The Weeknd wanted to create a larger tour using stadiums instead of arenas.

American recording artist Doja Cat was scheduled to be the tour's opening act but canceled due to throat surgery.

The Toronto show at Rogers Centre was going to happen on July 8, 2022, but it didn't and he rescheduled it for September 22 due to the nationwide Rogers cellular and internet outage.
The second show in Los Angeles, on September 3, 2022, was canceled when The Weeknd lost his voice onstage. He promised to refund the tickets if fans wished and to reschedule the show.

Untamed (1929 movie)

Untamed is a 1929 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Jack Conway and starring Joan Crawford, Robert Montgomery, Ernest Torrence, Gwen Lee, Holmes Herbert, John Miljan, Edward Nugent, Lloyd Ingraham. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Morton Feldman: Piano and String Quartet

Morton Feldman: Piano and String Quartet is the debut studio album by Aki Takahashi. The album was released on September 28, 1993.

Ruth Benedict

Ruth Fulton Benedict (June 5, 1887 – September 17, 1948) was an American anthropologist and folklorist. She studied under Franz Boas. She received her Ph.D. and joined the faculty of Columbia University in 1923. Benedict was president of the American Anthropological Association and also an important member of the American Folklore Society. She became the first woman to be a leader of an academic profession. Her 1934 book "Patterns of Culture" was about how personality, art, language, and culture all connect together. None of those things can be separate. She also wrote against racism during World War II and that all people should work together. Her later book, "The Chrysanthemum and the Sword", was about the society and culture of Japan. She researched it during the war without visiting Japan. She used literature, books, news articles and movies from Japan. It was published in 1946 and was one reason why the United States allowed Japan to keep the Emperor after losing the war. It was an example of "anthropology at a distance".

Benedict was married to Stanley Rossiter Benedict, but also had a close professional and personal or romantic relationship with anthropologist Margaret Mead. 

Battle of Halidon Hill

On 19 July 1333, a Scottish army led by Sir Archibald Douglas engaged an English army under the leadership of King Edward III of England (reigned 1327–1377) and was decisively defeated at the Battle of Halidon Hill. The previous year, Edward Balliol had secretly usurped the Scottish Crown from five-year-old David II (r. 1329-1371), with the help of Edward III. This was the beginning of the Second War of Scottish Independence. Balliol was quickly driven out of Scotland by a popular rebellion, which Edward III exploited as a pretext for invading Scotland in 1333. The immediate aim was Berwick-upon-Tweed, a strategically significant border town that the English besieged in March.

Halidon Hill

Halidon Hill is a mountain located approximately 2 miles (3 kilometers) west of Berwick-upon-Tweed, on the boundary between England and Scotland. It stands 600 feet (180 meters) tall. The hill's name implies that it formerly had a fortress on its top. At the Battle of Halidon Hill in 1333, Edward III of England defeated a Scottish force headed by Archibald the "Tyneman" Douglas, Regent of Scotland, with longbowmen on the hill's crest.


Astraeus hygrometricus

Astraeus hygrometricus, often known as the 'hygroscopic earthstar, the barometer earthstar, or the false earthstar, is a Diplocystaceae fungus. When closed, young specimens resemble a puffball. When mature, the mushroom takes on the distinctive earthstar form, which is caused by the outer layer of fruit body tissue splitting apart in a star-like pattern.

Anglo-Nepalese War

The Battle of Nalapani was fought between the soldiers of the British East India Company and Nepal, which was then controlled by the House of Gorkha, in 1814-1816. The fight took place at Dehradun, near the Nalapani fort, which was besieged by the British between October 31 and November 30, 1814. Captain Balbhadra Kunwar commanded the fort's defenders, while Major-General Robert Rollo Gillespie, who had previously participated in the Battle of Java, led the invading British forces. Gillespie was slain while rousing his soldiers on the first day of the siege.

Bhakti Thapa

Bhakti Thapa Chhetri (Nepali: ; born Lamjung, Nepal 1741 A.D.- 1815 A.D.) was a Nepalese military general and governor in the Kingdom of Nepal. He first worked for the Kingdom of Lamjung. He is regarded as one of Nepal's national heroes. Thapa, who served as the Sardar (commander) of the Lamjung state, battled Gorkhali in the conflict on behalf of Lamjung King Kehari Narayan. Following Lamjung's defeat in the conflict with the Gorkhali (Nepali) army, he was taken prisoner of war and sent to Kathmandu. Later, he was chosen to serve in the Nepali army as a sirdar (one of the sirdars).

Caroline Haslett

Caroline Haslett was born on 17 August 1895. Caroline was an engineer.

Her parents were Mr and Mrs Robert. She grew up wanting to be an inspiring woman to other people. There is a school named after her in Milton Keynes. She loved fixing stuff when she was young.

Caroline Haslett died on January 4th 1957.


Barbara Brouwer

Barbara Brouwer (born 28 March 1993) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of DVO and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Esther Cordus

Esther Cordus (born 14 August 1994) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of KZ/Hiltex and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team she made her debut at the 2017 World Games where she won the gold medal. She became again champion at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Korfball

Korfball () is a ball sport, with some things being the same as netball and basketball. It is played by two teams of eight players with four female players and four male players in each team. The goal is to throw a ball into a netless basket that is on a high pole.

The sport was invented by Dutch school teacher Nico Broekhuysen in 1902. In the Netherlands, there are about 500 clubs and more than 90,000 people playing korfball. The sport is also played in Belgium and Taiwan, and in nearly 70 other countries.

Anouk Haars

Anouk Haars (born 28 December 1994) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of KZ/Hiltex and the Netherlands national korfball team. 

She is a member of the national team since 2020. With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Fleur Hoek

Fleur Hoek (born 28 July 1996) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of Fortuna and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Dhan Bahadur Buda

Dhan Bahadur Buda is a Nepalese politician, cultural minister, and Member of the House of Representatives (Nepal) elected from Dolpa-1, Province No. 6. In the Second Oli Cabinet, he was State Minister for Culture, Tourism, and Civil Aviation. He belongs to the CPN (Unified Socialist).

Sitaram Mahato

Sitaram Mahato is a Nepalese politician, former state minister, and Member of the House of Representatives (Nepal) representing Sunsari-2, Province No. 1. He belongs to the Nepali Congress.

Teju Lal Chaudhary

Teju Lal Chaudhary is a Nepalese politician. He is former state youth and sports minister and current member of the House of Representatives. He was elected in Province No. 2's Saptari-4. He belongs to the Nepalese Congress.

Surya Prasad Pathak

Surya Prasad Pathak is a Nepalese politician who was elected to the Nepalese House of Representatives representing Baglung-1, Province No. 4. He belongs to the Nepal Communist Party.

Bhawani Prasad Khapung

Bhawani Prasad Khapung (born 5 October 1961) is a Nepalese politician who is presently the Minister of Health and Population in the ruling coalition led by Prime Minister and Nepali Congress President Sher Bahadur Deuba. In the 2017 General Election, he was elected to the House of Representatives as a Member of Parliament (MP) from Terathum 1 (constituency). He is a CPN member (Unified Socialist).

La. Ganesan

La. Ganesan (born 16 February 1945) is an Indian politician. He is the Governor of Nagaland since 20 February 2023. He is also served as the Governor of West Bengal, in an additional charge role, from 18 July 2022 to 17 November 2022 respectively and Governer of Manipur from 2021 till 2023.

Greenwood Park Mall shooting

On July 17, 2022, a mass shooting took place at the Greenwood Park Mall in Greenwood, Indiana, United States. The shooting happened at 5:56 pm EDT (). Three people were killed and two others were injured in the shooting.

The shooter, Jonathan Sapirman, was shot to death by Elisjsha Dicken, a civilian who also had a gun.

Eric Flint

Eric Flint (February 6, 1947 – July 17, 2022) was an American author and editor. His works are about alternate history science fiction, but he also wrote fantasy adventures. He was a co-founder and editor of the Baen Free Library. He was best known for writing the "1632" series.

Flint died on July 17, 2022, at the age of 75 in East Chicago, Indiana.

Osteocephalus leoniae

Osteocephalus leoniae is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Peru in the Andes mountains. Scientists have seen it between 380 and 1000 meters above sea level.

Ruslana Pysanka

Ruslana Pysanka (; born "Ruslana Ihorivna Pysanko"; 17 November 1965 – 19 July 2022) was a Ukrainian actress and cinematographer. Her career began in 1994. Pysanka was born in Kyiv, Ukraine. Her best known roles were in "Moskal-Charivnyk" (1995) as Tetyana, in "With Fire and Sword" (1999) as Horpyna and in "Rzhevsky versus Napoleon" (2012) as Madame Golovina.

Pysanka died on 19 July 2022 from cancer in Kaiserslautern, Germany, aged 56.

Aloyzas Sakalas

Aloyzas Sakalas (6 July 1931 – 18 July 2022) was a Lithuanian physicist and politician. He was known as one of the signers of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. He was a Member of the European Parliament with the Social Democratic Party of Lithuania from 2004 to 2009. Before, he was a member of the Seimas from 1990 to 2004. He was born in Anykščiai, Lithuania. 

Sakalas died on 18 July 2022, two weeks after his 91st birthday in Vilnius, Lithuania.

Clifford the Big Red Dog

Clifford the Big Red Dog is a series of children's books. It was written by Norman Bridwell.

Clifford the Big Red Dog may also refer to:



Bhairab Bahadur Singh

Bhairab Bahadur Singh is a Nepalese politician. He is a member of Nepal's House of Representatives and represents Bajhang-1, Province No. 7. He belongs to the Communist Party of Nepal. He is member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Česlovas Stankevičius

Česlovas Vytautas Stankevičius (born 27 February 1937) is a Lithuanian politician. In 1990, he was one of the signers of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. He was the Minister of Defence between 1996 to 2000. During that same time, he was a member of Seimas. He was born in Vilkaviškis District Municipality, Lithuania.

Brett Zuijdwegt

Brett Zuijdwegt (born 15 February 1999) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of PKC and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Bronius Kuzmickas

Bronius Kuzmickas (10 November 1935 – 6 November 2023) was a Lithuanian politician and philosopher. In 1990, he was one of the signers of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. He was born in Šilavotas, Lithuania and educated in Kaunas. Then he went to Vilnius University and the Institute of Philosophy of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR in Moscow. From 1966 he taught philosophy, mostly in the Lithuanian Cultural Research Institute. Then he taught philosophy at Klaipėda University

From 1990 to 1992 and 1996-2000 he was a member of the Seimas.

José Diéguez Reboredo

José Diéguez Reboredo (25 April 1934 – 18 July 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic priest. He was the bishop of Osma-Soria from 1984 to 1987. He also was the Bishop of Orense from 1987 to 1996. He also was the Bishop of Tui-Vigo from 1996 to 2010. Diéguez Reboredo was born in Touro, Spain.

Diéguez Reboredo died on 18 July 2022 at a hospital in Santiago de Compostela, Spain from problems caused by a stroke at the age of 88.

Sanne van der Werff

Sanne van der Werff (born 11 March 1998) is a Dutch korfball player. She is a member of PKC and the Netherlands national korfball team.

Van der Werff is a player of the national team since 2021. With the national team she won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Dani (singer)

Danièle Graule (1 October 1944 – 18 July 2022), known as Dani, was a French actress, model and pop singer. She was born in Castres, France. Her career began in 1966. She was known for her movie roles in "Day for Night" (1973), "Les Anneaux de Bicêtre" (1976), "Love on the Run" (1979), "Story of Women" (1988), "Avenue Montaigne" (2006) and "Guy" (2018).

Dani was meant to have been France's Eurovision 1974 entry with the song "La Vie à 25 ans", but President Georges Pompidou died in the week of the competition, so she never formally competed at Eurovision.

Dani died on 18 July 2022 at her home in Tours, France from a heart attack, aged 77.

Ottavio Cinquanta

Ottavio Cinquanta (15 August 1938 – 18 July 2022) was an Italian sports administrator. He was born in Rome, Italy. He was the President of the International Skating Union from 1994 to 2016. He also was a member of the International Olympic Committee from 1996 to 2008.

Cinquanta died on 18 July 2022 in Milan, Italy at the age of 83.

Egidio Caporello

Egidio Caporello (8 June 1931 – 18 July 2022) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1955. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mantua, Italy, from 1986 until his retirement in 2007. Caporello was born in Padua, Italy.

Caporello died on 18 July 2022 at his home in Mantua, Italy from pneumonia caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 91.

Touro, Spain

Touro is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña. It is in the autonomous community of Galicia. It had a population of 4,082 people in 2011.

Daan Preuninger

Daan Preuninger (born 15 March 1996) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of Fortuna and the Netherlands national korfball team.

Preuninger became a player on the national team in 2018. He won in his first year the European title at the European Championships. With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Margaret Alva

Margaret Alva (née Nazareth; born 14 April 1942) is an Indian politician. Alva was the 17th Governor of Goa, 23rd Governor of Gujarat, 20th Governor of Rajasthan and 4th Governor of Uttarakhand.

In July 2022, the United Progressive Alliance nominated her as its vice presidential nominee in the 2022 election. She lost the election to Jagdeep Dhankhar the following month.

Running Up That Hill

"Running Up That Hill" is a song by English singer-songwriter Kate Bush from her fifth studio album, "Hounds of Love" (1985). 

When it was released, "Running Up That Hill" reached number three on the UK Singles Chart and number 30 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. 

The song was the main theme song for the 1986 BBC 1 children's drama serial, "Running Scared". In 2012, a remix of this song premiered during that year's Olympic closing ceremony.

In 2022, "Running Up That Hill" became popular again when it was heard in the fourth season of the Netflix series "Stranger Things". This made the song the top five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and topping the charts in eight countries.

Jelmer Jonker

Jelmer Jonker (born 23 September 1993) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of PKC and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Amresh Kumar Singh

Amresh Kumar Singh is a Nepalese politician from the Nepali Congress who was elected to the House of Representatives from Sarlahi 4. In 2014, he was elected to the Nepalese Constituent Assembly from Sarlahi 6.

Aman Lal Modi

Aman Lal Modi (born 21 September, 1985) is a Nepalese politician and social worker who represents Morang 4 in the House of Representatives. He was also a member of the 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly, having been elected from the Unified CPN (Maoist) party.

Birodh Khatiwada

Birodh Khatiwada is a Nepalese politician. 
He is former health minister and a member of the Makwanpur 2 constituency in the House of Representatives. He is also a member of the CPN (Unified Socialist).

Bishal Bhattarai

Bishal Bhattarai (born April 4, 1969 in Khotang, Nepal) is a Nepalese politician who now serves as the Nepal Communist Party's Chief Whip (UML). He was elected to the Nepalese House of Representatives representing Khotang. He is also a member of the CPN UML. In 2065 BS, he was elected to the Constituent Assembly for the first time from Khotang-2.

Ruddy duck

The ruddy duck ("Oxyura jamaicensis") is a bird in the Anatidae family.

Nawaraj Silwal

Nawaraj Silwal is a Nepalese politician who served as the Director General of Nepal Police before being elected to the Nepal House of Representatives from Lalitpur-1, Province No. 3. He belongs to the CPN UML.

Narad Muni Rana

Narad Muni Rana is a Nepalese politician who formerly served as Minister of Forests and Environment. He was a Member of the House of Representatives (Nepal) representing the Kailali-5 constituency. He is a member of the Nepal Communist Party (UML).

Krishna Prasad Dahal

Krishna Prasad Dahal is a Nepalese politician. He was elected to the Nepal House of Representatives representing Makwanpur-1, Province No. 3. He is a member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Krishna Lal Maharjan

Krishna Lal Maharjan (born December 15, 1954) is a Nepalese politician who serves as the Member Of The House Of Representatives (Nepal). He was elected from Lalitpur-2, Province No. 3. He is a member of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Socialist).

Jhapat Bahadur Rawal

Jhapat Bahadur Rawal is a Nepalese politician. He represents Kailali 2 (constituency) in the House of Representatives. He is also a member of the CPN's Central Committee (UML).

Hanneke Oosterwegel

Hanneke Oosterwegel (born 10 December 1996) is a Dutch track and field athlete who is specialized in the 400 metres. She is a member of and represents the Netherlands at international competitions.

As a junior Oosterwegel qualified for the 2017 European Athletics U23 Championships in the 400 metres hurdles event. However, at the last moment she couldn’t start. Oosterwegel was selected to became 2017 Deventer sportswoman of the year.

Oosterwegel won at the 2021 Dutch Athletics Championships the bronze medal in the 400 metres event. Due to this unsuspected result she became at the last moment a member of the Olympic national relay team, being a reserve runner at the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics for the women's 4 × 400 metres relay event and mixed 4 × 400 metres relay event. Her sister Emma Oosterwegel competed at these Olympics in the heptathlon event and won the bronze medal.

Oosterwegel became national champion at the 2022 Dutch Athletics Championships in the 400 metres. She was a member of the relay team at the 2022 World Athletics Championships in the 4 × 400 metres relay event.

Oosterwegel was born on 10 December 1996. Her two year younger sister is heptathlete Emma Oosterwegel and member of the same athletics club . Their father is chairman of the athletics club. Her sister Emma was also a member of the national delegation at both the 2020 Summer Olympics and 2022 World Athletics Championships.

As of 2017 she studied chemistry in the United States, where she combined her studies and being an elite athlete.

Hari Raj Adhikari

Hari Raj Adhikari is a Nepalese politician. He was elected to the Nepal House of Representatives representing Gorkha-1, Province No. 4. He belongs to the Nepal Communist Party.

Gopal Bahadur Bam

Gopal Bahadur Bam is a Nepalese Politician. He is serving as the Member Of The House Of Representatives and was elected from Mugu-1, Province No. 6. He is a member of the CPN (Unified Socialist).

Gokul Prasad Baskota

Gokul Prasad Baskota is a Nepalese politician and former Minister of Communication and Information Technology. He served as Minister of Communication and Information Technology of Nepal. He is a Member of the House of Representatives (Nepal) elected from Kavrepalanchok-2, Province No. 3.

Achim

Achim is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is 16 km southeast of Bremen. The population in 2020 was about 32,000. It is on the right side of the Weser river.

In the past the town has been part of various Duke's territories. The town was a location of Saxon courts in the 11th century. Danes, Swedes and French have controlled the region. In the 19th century, the town became part of the Kingdom of Hanover.

Adenau

Adenau is a town in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is located within High Eifel. The population in 2020 was about 3,000. There is a volcano east of the town. A rock festival Rock am Ring is held each year. In the Middle Ages, Order of Saint John was located in the town. This was a German Protestant group of knights. The town is also called "Johanniterstadt."

Adorf

Adorf is a small town in Saxony, Germany. It is within Vogtlandkreis and in the southeast of Saxony. The town is found within the Elstergebirge. In 2020, the population was about 5,000. The rivers White Elster and Schwarzbach meet at Adorf.

Ahaus

Ahaus is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is near the border to Netherlands. In 2020, the population was about 39,400. It is a storage site for used radioactive material.

Ahlen

Ahlen is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is southeast of Münster. It is within the District of Warendorf. The center of the town was originally a church court and the town was well fortified with walls. Merchants and craftsmen lived there. There were plagues and witch hunts in the Middle Ages. In 2020, the population was 52,600. The town votes mainly CDU and SPD.

Ahrensburg

Ahrensburg is a town in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is within the district of Stormarn. It is northeast of Hamburg and part of Hamburg Metropolitan Region. "Schloss Ahrensburg" is a renaissance castle. The town is important part of Ahrensberg Culture. Archaeologist research these nomadic hunter groups (c. 12,900 to 11,700 BP). There were monasteries in the town in the Middle Ages. It has been part of Denmark and Prussia. The population in 2020 was about 34,000. The political party is mostly SPD.

Icehouse (band)

Icehouse is an Australian rock band from Sydney. It was formed in 1977 by Iva Davies as Flowers. 

In 1978, the group became popular due to its musical quality and its magnificent versions of groups or artists.

In 1980, they signed to the independent label Regular Records, where they released their first single, "Can't Help Myself" in May. The song entered the Top 10 in Australia. In October, Flowers released their first album, titled Icehouse.

In 1981, Flowers changed their name to Icehouse due to legal restrictions and confusion with a Scottish group of the same name. 

Penn's Landing

Penn's Landing is an area of Center City Philadelphia. It is right along the Delaware River. The Penn's Landing contains parks such as Spruce Street Harbor Park and Blue Cross RiverRink Winterfest and Summerfest. There are several summer events at The Great Plaza. There are museums connected to the historic ships. The submarine USS "Becuna" and the Spanish–American War-era cruiser USS "Olympia" (C-6) are part of the Independence Seaport Museum. There is a Vietnam Veterans Memorial and Korean War Memorial at Penn's Landing.

Eszterháza

Esterháza is a palace in Fertőd, Hungary. It was built by Prince Nikolaus Esterházy. It is called "Hungary's Versailles". Joseph Haydn worked and performed concerts in the palace. He wrote and performed symphonies and operas.

Víctor Rodríguez Andrade

Víctor Pablo Rodríguez Andrade (2 May 1927 – 19 May 1985) was an Uruguayan footballer. He was the right halfback and left halfback of the Uruguayan national team that won the 1950 World Cup tournament, after defeating Brazil in the decisive match. He was the nephew of another Uruguayan international player, José Andrade, who was also a World Cup winner, having played for the Uruguay squad that won the first ever edition in 1930. Rodríguez Andrade also played at the 1954 World Cup and won the 1956 South American Championship with Uruguay, and at the club level, he won two Uruguayan First Division titles with C.A. Peñarol. He was known for his pace, versatility, speed, great pressure, tough tackling, dribbling, long range shots, long and short passes and his stamina. He is regarded as one of the finest midfielders ever, and he was widely considered to be one of the world's greatest halfbacks in the 1950s.

Born in the "Barrio Sur" of Montevideo, Víctor Rodríguez came to the world into a family that proudly revered the name of his uncle, José Andrade. His admiration for his uncle and the naming customs made him use both last names; he drew comparisons with "The Black Marvel", not only because he was his relative, but also because they both played on the wing (although Andrade played in the right flank). Thus, the name Rodríguez Andrade would universally remain used when referring to the left midfielder, and sometimes he is even referred to simply as Andrade.

Growing up, Víctor Rodríguez Andrade played on the streets of Barrio Sur and Palermo. He began his football career at Central, a club in the latter district. During his period in this club, he honors his first cape in the national team, in 1947, and is one of the emblematic figures of the Palermitanos. Víctor Rodríguez remained at Central until 1952, when he joined Peñarol, with whom he won the Uruguayan championship in 1953 and 1954.

Andrade made his debut on December 2, 1947 to his last match for the Celeste on June 5, 1957. He earned 42 caps for the Celeste called national team of his home country and he scored once. He took part in the 1950 and 1954 World Cups. He celebrated the greatest success of his career by winning the world championship title in 1950, He was known for his performance at that tournament, his defensive duties included the marking of Zizinho, a task he was successful at until the beginning of the second half, when Ademir assisted Friaça, who scored the 1–0. However, Rodríguez Andrade later recounts that he saw the linesman raise his flag during the game, appearing to indicate an offside position for Brazilian striker. In the moment, the Uruguayan lets slip Friaça towards a face to face with the goalkeeper Roque Máspoli. After the opener, Rodríguez confided to his captain Varela: “There was offside, Jacinto”. Then, in a key moment of the match, the captain, with the ball under his arm, protested for a few moments to the referee. The goal remains validated, but Varela cooled the enthusiasm of the Brazilians and silenced the crowd. Uruguay rallied, with Juan Alberto Schiaffino scoring the equalizer and Alcides Ghiggia the winner, to plunge an entire country into disarray known as the Maracanaço and he was included in the All-Star Team. Four years later, in Switzerland, the World Cup attraction is the Hungarian team. In the first round, the "golden team" scores 17 goals in its first two victories. Meanwhile, Uruguay won against Czechoslovakia and Scotland 2–0 and 7–0 respectively, to triumph in their group. In the second round, Celeste beat England 4–2, while Hungary overcame Brazilon the same score. The reigning world champions and favorites meet in the semi-finals, and in a memorable match, it takes the Magyars 120 minutes to hand Uruguay their first ever World Cup defeat. Just like in 1950, Rodríguez Andrade played every match in Tournament and put on a good performance in his last World Cup appearance, even though he had to play much of the game with a pulled muscle. 

After a first appearance in 1947 where he entered twice as a replacement for Schubert Gambetta for his first two international selections, Rodríguez Andrade contested the 1955 edition of the South American Championship and suffered the humiliation of Ángel Labruna's Argentina after a stormy end to the match (1–6). Montevideo hosted the event the following year, and veteran Andrade, the sole survivor of the 1950 Worlds runners-up team, led the Charrúas to a ninth continental title. They defeat Argentina from Ángel Labruna and Omar Sívori in the last match, which, like six years earlier in Brazil, is not a final but serves as a decisive match. Víctor Rodríguez Andrade thus becomes – with William Martínez and Obdulio Varela – one of the three Uruguayan players of his generation to win the World Cup and the South American Championship. He was also a member of the Uruguayan team that emerged victorious from the 1956 South American Championship. Previously, he had already been able to add participation in the 1947 and 1953 Copa América to his success statistics. His last international match was a 1–1 draw with Argentina on June 5, 1957.

After finishing his football career, he resided in Montevideo for the rest of his life. He worked as a doorman at the Legislative Palace of Uruguay for about twenty years, and at the same time participated in the foundation of the basketball team 25 de Agosto affiliated with the Uruguayan federation. Víctor Rodríguez Andrade died on May 19, 1985, at the age of 58 due heart infection and he was buried days later at Cementerio del Cerro, Montevideo. and a month after his death Senator Luis Hierro Gambardella pays tribute to him in a speech during a session of Congress.

Peñarol

Uruguay

Individual

Driving the Last Spike

"Driving the Last Spike" is the third track from the 1991 album We Can't Dance. It was never released as a single but went to number 51 in Canada.

You Can't Win 'Em All

You Can't Win 'Em All is a 1970 American British war adventure movie directed by Peter Collinston and starring Tony Curtis, Charles Bronson, Michèle Mercier, Grégoire Aslan, Fikret Hakan, Patrick Magee, Tony Bonner, Patrick O'Connell, Leo Gordon. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Turn It On Again

"Turn It On Again" is a 1980 song by Genesis and from their album Duke. It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom and number 8 in Italy.

The Marfa Tapes

The Marfa Tapes is a collaborative studio album by American country artists Miranda Lambert, Jack Ingram and Jon Randall, released on May 7, 2021 through RCA Nashville. It is Randall's fourth, Lambert's eighth, and Ingram's eleventh studio album.

Jon Randall

Jon Randall is an American country music singer.


Zambia national rugby union team

The Zambia national rugby union team is a third tier rugby team from Zambia. They have yet to feature at the Rugby World Cup. They are ranked 69th in the world as of July 2022.

Wow (Kate Bush song)

"Wow" is a song English singer and songwriter Kate Bush. It is the second single from her second album Lionheart and peaked inside the top 20 in the United Kingdom and Ireland.

2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship

The FIFA U-17 World Cup 2003 was a tournament. It was the tenth version of the tournament. It was in the cities of Helsinki, Tampere, Lahti, and Turku in Finland. The tournaments were between 13 August and 30 August 2003. Players born after 1 January 1986 could join this tournament.
The tournament was played in four cities in Finland: Helsinki, Turku, Tampere and Lahti.

For a list of the squads see "2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship squads"

"All times are local (EEST/UTC+3)"

Note: Second place was determined by drawing of lots


The Big Man

The Big Man () is a 1908 Russian silent drama movie. It was directed by Alexander Drankov. The movie is a screen version of the play "The Big Man" performed by artists of the St. Petersburg People's House.

The Marriage of Krechinsky

The Marriage of Krechinsky () is a 1908 Russian silent comedy movie directed by Alexander Drankov. It stars Vladimir Davydov, V. Garlin, and A. Novinsky. The movie is a screen version of a series of scenes from the comedy Krechinsky's Wedding by Aleksandr Sukhovo-Kobylin.


16th Century Russian Wedding

16th Century Russian Wedding () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars Aleksandra Goncharova, Vasili Stepanov, and Andrey Gromov.


Boyarin Orsha (movie)

Boyarin Orsha () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Andrey Gromov, Pyotr Chardynin, and Aleksandra Goncharova.


Dead Souls (1909 movie)

Dead Souls () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Ivan Kamsky, Vasili Stepanov, and Antonina Pozharskaya. The movie is based on the novel "Dead Souls" by Nikolay Gogol.


The Death of Ivan the Terrible (movie)

The Death of Ivan the Terrible () is a 1909 Russian silent movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars A. Slavin, Yelizaveta Uvarova, and S. Tarasov. The movie is based on plays by Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy.


Drama in Moscow

Drama in Moscow () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars Pyotr Chardynin and Aleksandra Goncharova.

The Fountain of Bakhchisaray (movie)

The Fountain of Bakhchisaray () is a 1909 Russian silent movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Vladimir Shaternikov, Maria Korolyova, and E. Uvarova.


Mazeppa (1909 movie)

Mazeppa () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars Vasili Stepanov, Andrey Gromov, and Raisa Reyzen.


Song About the Merchant Kalashnikov

Song About the Merchant Kalashnikov () is a 1909 Russian silent movie directed by Vasily Goncharov. It stars Pyotr Chardynin, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Andrey Gromov.


Taras Bulba (1909 movie)

Taras Bulba () is a 1909 Russian silent drama movie directed by Aleksandr Drankov. It stars Anisim Suslov, L. Manko, and D. Chernovskaya.

Peter the Great (1910 movie)

Peter the Great () is a 1910 Russian silent movie directed by Vasili Goncharov and Kai Hansen. It stars Pyotr Voinov, Ye. Trubetskaya, and A. Gorbachevskiy. The movie shows the main events in the life of Peter the Great.


830s

The 830s was a decade that started on 1 January 830 and ended on 31 December 839.


Kemi Nelson

In the 1980s, Kemi Nelson joined the now no longer in use National Republican Convention (NRC )during the period of General Ibrahim Babangida. She was the senatorial candidate (House Of Senate) for the Lagos West senatorial district in 1992 and was won over at the polls by Bola Ahmed Tinubu. In 1998, during the period of General Abacha, she contested the Ikeja Federal Constituency in the House of Assembly, this time, as a member of UNCP. She won the election but it was cut short by the death of General Abacha. In 1999, she joined Alliance for Democracy (AD) and from 1999-2003, she served as the Lagos State Commissioner for Women Affairs and Poverty Alleviation during the period of Ahmed Tinubu and has served as the Women Leader of Lagos State Chapter of The Progressive Congress (APC) and was later made the South West Women Leader of APC. She was the only female serving member of the Lagos State Governor's Advisory Council. She was the Executive Director of Operations of the Nigeria Social Insurance Trust Fund and beforehand headed the Ministry of Establishment, Training and Job Creation.

She died on 17 July 2022.

Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo

The Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo () is a human rights organization with the goal of finding the children stolen and illegally adopted during the military dictatorship in Argentina from 1976 to 1983. The president is Estela Barnes de Carlotto.

The organization was founded in 1977. It was believed that at the time it was likely that around 30,000 had disappeared between the ages of 16-35; around 30% were women and of those women, around 3% were pregnant. About 500 children were found and re-united with their families because of this oragnization.

Patrick Michaels

Patrick J. Michaels (February 15, 1950 – July 16, 2022) was an American agricultural climatologist. Michaels was a senior fellow in environmental studies at the Cato Institute until 2019. Until 2007, he was research professor of environmental sciences at the University of Virginia, where he had worked from 1980. He was born in Berwyn, Illinois. He was a well known climate change denier.

Michaels died on July 16, 2022 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 72.

Marshmello

Marshmello is an electronic music producer and DJ. His songs "Silence", "Wolves", "Friends", "Happier", and "Alone" reached the Top 30 of the "Billboard" Hot 100. They have been certified as multi-platinum in several countries. Marshmello has over 55 million subscribers on YouTube because of his unique work. He was born on May 19th, 1992. His real name is Christopher Comstock. Marshmello hides his identity because he wants to hide from fame.

Marshmello is concluded the richest DJ in the world. His net worth is 40 million.

Marshmello How he became famous the movie cast and track list 

Cast

Track list

Michael Henderson

Michael Henderson (July 7, 1951 – July 19, 2022) was an American bass guitarist and singer-songwriter. He was known for his work with Miles Davis in the early 1970s. He was also known for his fusion albums such as "Jack Johnson", "Live-Evil", and "Agharta". 

Henderson died on July 19, 2022 in Atlanta, Georgia, two weeks after his 71st birthday.

Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Meltdown

Diary of the Wimpy Kid Meltdown was written by Jeff Kinney. It was the 13th book in the diary of a Wimpy Kid series. It was published on October 30 2018. The story takes place soon after the events of "The Getaway", in the winter and is about a snowball fight in main character 

Greg Heffley's neighborhood. "The Meltdown" was advertised through a live book tour by Kinney. Upon release, the novel sold several hundred thousand copies and received positive reviews from critics.

Xavier Amorós Solà

Xavier Amorós Solà (7 April 1923 – 18 July 2022) was a Catalan politician and writer. He was a member of the Senate of Spain from 1986 to 1992. He was born in Reus, Spain. In 2004, he was honored with the Creu de Sant Jordi.

Solà died on 18 July 2022 in Reus at the age of 99.

Akylbek Japarov

Japarov Üsönbek uulu Aqılbek (; born 14 September 1964) is a Kyrgyz politician. He is the Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers of Kyrgyzstan since 12 October 2021. 

Dieter Wedel

Dieter Karl Cäsar Wedel (12 November 1939 – 13 July 2022) was a German television director. He was thought to be one of Germany's best-known television directors. He also was the artistic director of the Nibelung Festival. His career began in 1966 and he retired in 2018. Wedel was born in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.

In January 2018, Wedel was accused of sexual harassment by multiple actresses that he had worked with.

Wedel died on 13 July 2022 in Hamburg, Germany at the age of 82.

Alijó

Alijó () is a city in the Norte Region of Portugal. It is in the district of Vila Real. The population in 2011 was 11,942.

Dangerous Minds (soundtrack)

Dangerous Minds: Music from the Motion Picture is the official soundtrack to the 1995 movie "Dangerous Minds". The album reached number one on the U.S. "Billboard" 200. It was certified triple platinum by the RIAA. The album contains 4 singles: Gangsta's Paradise, Feel the Funk, Curiosity, and Gin & Juice. "Gangsta's Paradise", performed by Coolio, won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance.
Information taken from Allmusic.

Hidden Agenda (2001 movie)

Hidden Agenda is a 2001 Canadian action thriller movie directed by Marc S. Grenier and starring Dolph Lundgren, Maxim Roy, Ted Whittall, Serge Houde, Francis X. McCarthy, Harry Standjofski, Bruce Boa.


Tallinnfilm

Tallinnfilm is an Estonian film studio of feature, documentary and animated films located in Tallinn.

On June 9, 1931, the studio "Eesti Kultuurfilm" was founded. On March 6, 1936, it was granted the status of a state institution. After the Soviet occupation of Estonia, on January 9, 1941, the film studio "Tallinn Kinostuudio" was created, which was merged with the nationalized "Eesti Kultuurfilm". Initially, it worked as a studio for chronicling and documentary films. It did not function during the Second World War, the chronicle was produced on the basis of "Lenfilm" and "Mosfilm".

In 1944, the studio resumed its activities, and in 1954 it began producing feature films. Animated and popular science films were also shown. It received the name "Tallinnfilm" in 1963.

The last documentary produced by Tallinnfilm was dated January 1, 1998. After that, the production of films stopped, the studio buildings and pavilions and props were sold off.

At the beginning of the 21st century, Tallinnfilm, known to the general public for its historical film collection.

Laurens Leeuwenhoek

Laurens Leeuwenhoek (born 7 December 1990) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of PKC and the Netherlands national korfball team.

In 2019 he scored his 1000th Korfbal League goal and became .

With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama. He was at the 2022 World Games the flag barear of the Dutch team and the captain of the Dutch korfball team.



A2Z Iloilo

DYZA-DTV, Channel 20, is a commercial television station of Philippine television network A2Z, owned by ZOE Broadcasting Network and operated under blocktime agreement by ABS-CBN Corporation. Its transmitter and master control are located at Iloilo City.


UHF Channel 20 (509.143 MHz)




DYNZ-DTV

DYNZ-DTV, Channel 20, is a commercial digital television station of Philippine television network A2Z, owned by ZOE Broadcasting Network and operated under blocktime agreement by ABS-CBN Corporation. Its transmitter and master control are located at Mt. Busay, Babag 1, Cebu City.


UHF Channel 20 (509.143 MHz)



DXEV-DTV

DXEV-DTV, Channel 20, is a commercial television station of Philippine television network A2Z. It is owned by ZOE Broadcasting Network and operated under blocktime agreement by ABS-CBN Corporation. Its transmitter and master control are located at Cagayan de Oro.


UHF Channel 20 (509.143 MHz)



Alwin Out

Alwin Out (born 27 December 1996) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of Koog Zaandijk and the Netherlands national korfball team. 

Out was top-scorer with Koog Zaandijk in 2019.

With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

DXEX-DTV

DXEX-DTV, Channel 20, is a commercial television station of Philippine television network A2Z. It is owned by ZOE Broadcasting Network and operated under blocktime agreement by ABS-CBN Corporation. Its transmitter and master control are located at Davao City.

UHF Channel 20 (509.143 MHz)




2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship

The 2005 FIFA U-17 World Cup was a tournament. It was the eleventh edition of the tournament. It was in the cities of Lima, Trujillo, Chiclayo, Piura and Iquitos in Peru. The tournaments were between 16 September and 2 October 2005. Players born after 1 January 1988 could join this tournament. Mexico beat favorite Brazil by 3–0 in the final, making it the first U-17 Championship for Mexico.


For a list of the squads see "2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship squads"

Carlos Vela of Mexico won the Golden Shoe award for scoring five goals.

Harjan Visscher

Harjan Visscher (born 26 February 1997) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of LDODK (since May 2022) and the Netherlands national korfball team.

With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Visscher has a relationship with korfball player Marieke Klaver.



Citrus australasica

Citrus australasica, the Australian finger lime or caviar lime, is a small tree of lowland subtropical rainforest and rainforest in the coastal border region of Queensland and New South Wales, Australia. It has fruits which are developed as a commercial crop.

1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship

The FIFA U-17 World Championship 1999 was the eighth edition of the tournament. It was in the cities of Auckland, Christchurch, Napier, and Dunedin in New Zealand. The tournaments were between 10 November and 27 November 1999. Players born after 1 January 1982 could join this tournament. This was the first FIFA tournament held in the Pacific Islands.

New Zealand's capital city Wellington was not allocated any matches as the city's only venue at the time - Athletic Park - was not deemed adequate by FIFA as a match venue.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

Ishmael Addo of Ghana won the Golden Shoe award for scoring seven goals. In total, 93 goals were scored by 59 different players, with two of them credited as own goals.






Terrenc Griemink

Terrenc Griemink (born 6 March 1997) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of KV Groen Geel and the Netherlands national korfball team. 

Griemink became a member of the national team in July 2021. With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Chadia Arab

Chadia Arab (born July 13, 1977 in Angers) is a Franco-Moroccan geographer, CNRS researcher and specialist in international migration. His research focuses on Moroccan migrations in Europe and in the Gulf countries.

Chadia Arab, born in Angers to Moroccan parents who came to France in the 1960s, studied at the Jules Verne elementary school at La Roseraie. She attended the Jean Vilar college and the Chevrollier high school, where she passed a Bac ES. In 1996, she began a bachelor's degree in geography at Belle-Beille and obtained her master's degree at the University of Angers with the specialty "territorial planning geography" in 2000. In 2001, she obtained the diploma of advanced studies from the University of Poitiers in the specialty “international migrations and interethnic relations”. In 2007, she defended her thesis on the Aït Ayad in Europe. After obtaining the CNRS competition, she is a teacher-researcher in the ESO laboratory (Spaces and Societies) at the University of Angers. She supports her authorization to direct research in 2021. She is a member of the editorial board of Migrations Société, and co-director of a collection at the University Press of Rennes.

From 2014 to 2020, she was a municipal councilor at the town hall of Angers.

Pantaleon Hebenstreit

Pantaleon Hebenstreit (27 November 1668 15 November 1750) was a German violinist, dulcimer player, and composer. 

He was born in Eisleben. He ran away to Merseburg because he had a lot of debt. He invented a large dulcimer. It is a musical instrument that can play different dynamics. He played the instrument in Leipzig, Berlin, and Paris. He played the instrument in front of King Louis XIV. The king asked that the instrument be called the "pantaleon".

He was given a job in Weißenfels in 1705. In 1707, he moved to Eisenach. He became a dancing master in Eisenach. He also played the violin with Georg Philipp Telemann. Telemann played concertos for two violins with him. Hebenstreit hired musicians from Weißenfels to work in Eisenach.

He moved to Dresden in 1714. He joined the Dresden court's orchestra. He stopped playing the pantaleon in 1733. His eyesight became worse. He died in Dresden on 15 November 1750, aged 81.

Common grackle

The common grackle ("Quiscalus quiscula") is a bird in the Icteridae family.

KRS-One

Lawrence "Kris" Parker (born August 20, 1965), better known by his stage names KRS-One and Teacha, is an American rapper, lyricist, and producer. He received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2008 BET Awards for his work in the Stop the Violence Movement. In 1987, he formed the group Boogie Down Productions. 

His stage name (KRS-One) stands for Knowledge Reigns Supreme Over Nearly Everyone. 

The Queen of Spades (1910 movie)

The Queen of Spades () is a 1910 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Pavel Biryukov, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Antonina Pozharskaya. The movie is based on the 1834 short story "The Queen of Spades" by Alexander Pushkin.


The Water Nymph (1910 movie)

The Water Nymph () is a 1910 Russian silent movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars Vasili Stepanov, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Andrey Gromov. The movie is based on the play The Water Nymph by Alexander Pushkin.


Defence of Sevastopol

Defence of Sevastopol () is a 1911 Russian silent movie directed by Vasili Goncharov and Aleksandr Khanzhonkov. It stars A. Bibikov, Pavel Biryukov, and B. Borisov.


Eugene Onegin (1911 movie)

Eugene Onegin () is a 1911 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov. It stars Lyubov Varyagina, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Pyotr Chardynin. The movie is based on the 1825-1832 poem Eugene Onegin by Alexander Pushkin.


List of Solar System objects most distant from the Sun

These Solar System minor planets are the farthest from the Sun . 

This is a list of known objects at heliocentric distances of more than 65 AU. In theory, the Oort Cloud could extend over from the Sun.

<noinclude>

Osteocephalus heyeri

Osteocephalus heyeri is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Colombia, Brazil, and Peru in the Andes mountains. Scientists have seen it between 380 and 1000 meters above sea level.

Yarrow (disambiguation)

Yarrow ("Achillea millefolium") is a plant in the family Asteraceae.

Yarrow may also refer to:






List of German dishes

This is a list of German foods and dishes. It includes foods that are eaten in Germany and known to be unique to Germany. Some foods are eaten throughout Germany and there are other foods specific to certain German states and regions. The list is not a complete one and should be added to.




Natural Resources Conservation Service

Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) is an agency of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) that provides subject help to farmers and private property owners and managers. The NCRS employs over 11,500 professionals.


Margarete Furchheim

Margarete Furchheim (born 4 July 1900) was a German track and field athlete who was active between 1918 and 1925. She was a member of athletics club TV Jahn München.

Furchheim competed in athletics from 1918.
In 1922 Furchheim became national champion at the in the long jump event with a jump of 5.28 metres.

She competed at the 1922 Pro Patria women's international athletics competition, one of the earliest international women’s athletic competition and the first women’s 100 metres international race in the Netherlands. After winning easily her semi-final, Furchheim won the 100 metres final ahead of among others the Dutch national champion and record holder in the 80 metres Annie van de Blankevoort.

At the 1923 there were for the first time women’s competitions held. Furchheim won the nineathlon. The big medal she won is being exposed.

The last competitions of Furchheim were in 1925, including winning the 60 metres in Halle.


Gasconade, Missouri

Gasconade is a city in Gasconade County, Missouri, United States.

Morrison, Missouri

Morrison is a city in Gasconade County, Missouri, United States.

Owensville, Missouri

Owensville is a city in Gasconade County, Missouri, United States.

Rosebud, Missouri

Rosebud is a city in Gasconade County, Missouri, United States.

Darlington, Missouri

Darlington is a village in Gentry County, Missouri, United States.

King City, Missouri

King City is a city in Gentry County, Missouri, United States.

McFall, Missouri

McFall is a city in Gentry County, Missouri, United States.

Stanberry, Missouri

Stanberry is a city in Gentry County, Missouri, United States.

Square-free integer

A square-free integer is a number which is not divisible by any square numbers other than 1. In other words, each prime number that appears in its prime factorization appears exactly once.

For example, formula_1 is square-free. However, formula_2 is not square-free: it is divisible by formula_3, and the power of formula_4 in the prime factorization is to a power larger than one.

The Möbius function is a function which takes in natural numbers and is usually written as formula_5. The value of formula_5 depends on whether or not formula_7 is square-free. Specifically,

For example, formula_9 is square-free with an 2 prime factors, so formula_10. Since formula_2 is not square-free, then formula_12.

Since formula_13 is prime, it is its own prime decomposition. That is, the prime factorization of formula_13 has 1 prime factor, so formula_15.

Sable antelope

The sable antelope ("Hippotragus niger") is an antelope. It lives in wooded savanna in East and Southern Africa.


Joe Murray (animator)

Joseph David Murray (born May 3, 1961) is an American animator, writer, illustrator, producer, director, and voice actor.

1812 (1912 movie)

1812 () is a 1912 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vasili Goncharov, Kai Hansen and Aleksandr Uralsky. It stars Vasili Goncharov, Aleksandra Goncharova, and Andrey Gromov.

The Beautiful Leukanida

The Beautiful Leukanida () is a 1912 Russian animated movie directed by Władysław Starewicz.

The Cameraman's Revenge

The Cameraman's Revenge () is a 1912 Russian animated movie directed by Ladislas Starevich.

Departure of a Grand Old Man

Departure of a Grand Old Man () is a 1912 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov and Elizaveta Thiman. It stars Olga Petrova, Vladimir Shaternikov, and Leo Tolstoy.


The Grasshopper and the Ant (1913 movie)

The Grasshopper and the Ant () is a 1913 Russian animated movie directed by Ladislas Starevich. The movie is based on a fable by I. Krylov.

The Night Before Christmas (1913 movie)

The Night Before Christmas () is a 1913 Russian silent comedy movie directed by Ladislas Starevich. It stars Ivan Mozzhukhin, Olga Obolenskaya, and Lidiya Tridenskaya. The movie is based on the 1832 tale of the same name by Nikolai Gogol.


The Little House in Kolomna

The Little House in Kolomna () is a 1913 Russian silent comedy movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Praskovya Maksimova, Sofya Goslavskaya, and Ivan Mozzhukhin. The movie is based on the 1830 poem The Little House in Kolomna by Alexander Pushkin.

Twilight of a Woman's Soul

Twilight of a Woman's Soul () is a 1913 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Nina Chernova, A. Ugryumov, and V. Demert.


Uncle's Apartment

Uncle's Apartment () is a 1913 Russian silent movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Dora Citorena, Andrey Gromov, and Aleksandr Kheruvimov.

Anna Karenina (1914 movie)

Anna Karenina () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Maria Germanova, Vladimir Shaternikov, and Mikhail Tamarov. The movie is based on the 1877 novel by Leo Tolstoy.


Veolia

Veolia Environnement S.A., branded as Veolia, is a French multinational corporation. It is headquartered in Paris. Veolia operates in four main areas of the full-cycle economy: water supply and water treatment (for both municipal and industrial customers), public services (including cleaning and waste disposal), energy (power supply, microclimate support, installation and maintenance of energy and heating equipment), transport services (airport maintenance, management of rail transport and urban public transport).

In 1853, by imperial decree, the "Compagnie Générale des Eaux" (CGE) was created, which was engaged in the irrigation of fields and the supply of water to cities and villages (the first contract was the supply of Lyon, in 1860 the company received a concession for the supply of water in Paris). In 1867, a street cleaning company was founded in Nantes, and in 1870, another rag and paper collection company opened in Rouen and Chaun (both firms merged with CGE in 1980 and 1990, respectively). In 1875, the Compagnie Générale Française de Tramways (CGFT) was founded, which operated the tramways in Le Havre, Nancy and Marseille (it also merged with the CGE in 1980). In 1880, CGE entered the market of Venice, in 1882 - in Istanbul, in 1883 - in Porto, in 1884 - in Reims.

In December 2016, CDC finally bought 20% shares from Veolia. As a result, Veolia's share on the company reduced to 30%. This was sold in January 2019, marking Veolia's exit from the transport sector.

A Nest of Noblemen

A Nest of Noblemen () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Olga Preobrazhenskaya, Lyudmila Sychova, and Mikhail Tamarov. This movie is a film adaptation of the eponymous novel by Ivan Turgenev.

Chrysanthemums (movie)

Chrysanthemums () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Vera Karalli, Ivan Mozzhukhin, and Raisa Reyzen.


Ramón del Valle-Inclán

Ramón María del Valle-Inclán y de la Peña (in Vilanova de Arousa, Galicia, Spain, 28 October 1866 – Santiago de Compostela, 5 January 1936) was a Spanish dramatist, novelist and member of the Spanish Generation of 98.

The works of the first period (before 1905–1906) are close to Spanish modernism. The second period (until 1919–1920) is the time of historical novels, dramas about the Spanish "depth" and the Spanish character. The works of the third period include esperpento ("horror stories") for the puppet theater, the novel-pamphlet "Tyrant Banderas" (1926), a series of novels about the Spanish history of the second half of the 19th century, — farce and grotesque rule.

Drama in the Futurists' Cabaret No. 13

Drama in the Futurists' Cabaret No. 13 () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Kasyanov. It stars Vsevolod Maksimovich, David Burliuk, and Vladimir Burliuk.

The Girl from the Street

The Girl from the Street () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Elena P. Smirnova, Nina Kozlyaninova, and Mikhail Salarov.


Glory to Us, Death to the Enemy

Glory to Us, Death to the Enemy () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Ivan Mozzhukhin and Dora Tschitorina.


Silent Witnesses

Silent Witnesses () is a 1914 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Aleksandr Chargonin, Aleksandr Kheruvimov, and Dora Chitorina.


After Death (1915 movie)

After Death () is a 1915 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Vitold Polonsky, Olga Rakhmanova, and Vera Karalli.


Amberscript

Amberscript is a SaaS software company based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Amberscript`s technology allows converting audio or video files to subtitles or text.

The company was founded in December 2017 in Amsterdam by Peter-Paul de Leeuw, Thomas Dieste, and Timo Behrens.

The first product was a speech-to-text in Dutch, an online tool that converts audio into an editable text file.

In late 2018, the company made manual transcription and subtitling services available.

In November 2020, Amberscript launched live captions with the state parliament of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.

Regina Daniels

Regina Daniels (born October 10, 2000) is a Nigerian actress and a film producer. she is a business woman and a Serial Entrepreneur.

Regina Daniels was born on the 10th of october 2000, in Lagos Nigeria. She is a Nollywood film actress and a model.

Correos

Sociedad Estatal de Correos y Telégrafos, S.A., or Correos, is the national postal service in Spain recognized by the Universal Postal Union. The company is 100% owned by the state, a state industrial holding company.

It has 63,000 employees and sends 5.4 billion emails every year. Correos is one of the largest postal services in the world. It is based in Madrid and has more than 10,000 postal centers throughout Spain.

As part of its R&D initiatives, Correos is participating in several European projects, this includes:


Children of the Age

Children of the Age () is a 1915 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Arseny Bibikov, V. Glinskaya, and Ivan Gorsky.


Daydreams (1915 movie)

Daydreams () is a 1915 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Alexandr Vyrubov, F. Werchowzewa, and Viktor Arens.


Mirages (1915 movie)

Mirages () is a 1915 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Arseny Bibikov, Tamara Gedevanova, and Andrey Gromov.


The 1002nd Ruse

The 1002nd Ruse () is a 1915 Russian silent comedy movie directed by Yevgeny Bauer. It stars Lina Bauer, S. Rassatov, and Sergei Kvasnitsky.


The Picture of Dorian Grey (1915 movie)

The Picture of Dorian Grey () is a 1915 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vsevolod Meyerhold. It stars Varvara Yanova, Vsevolod Meyerhold, and G. Enriton. The movie is an adaptation of Oscar Wilde's novel of the same title.


The Portrait (1915 movie)

The Portrait () is a 1915 Russian silent horror movie directed by Ladislas Starevich. It stars Andrey Gromov and Ivan Lazarev.

A Life for a Life (1916 movie)

A Life for a Life () is a 1916 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Olga Rakhmanova, Lidiya Koreneva, and Vera Kholodnaya. The movie is based on the novel by Georges Ohnet.


The Queen of Spades (1916 movie)

The Queen of Spades () is a 1916 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Ivan Mosjoukine, Vera Orlova, and Yelizaveta Shebueva. The movie is an adaptation of the 1834 Aleksandr Pushkin short story of the same name.


By the Fireplace

By the Fireplace () is a 1917 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Vera Kholodnaya, Vladimir Maksimo, and Vitold Polonsky.


The Dying Swan (movie)

The Dying Swan () is a 1917 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Vera Karalli, Aleksandr Kheruvimov, and Vitold Polonsky.


The Route Is Calculated

The Route Is Calculated () is a 2016 Russian horror movie directed by Oleg Asadulin. It stars Pavel Chinaryov, Svetlana Ustinova, and Vitaliya Kornienko.


The King of Paris (1917 movie)

The King of Paris () is a 1917 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Bauer. It stars Vyacheslav Svoboda, Nikolai Radin, and Emma Bauer.


Kharazmi University

Kharazmi University (, "Daneshgah-e Xuarazmi") is a public research university in Iran.
The school was named after Al-Khwarizmi (c. 780–850), Persian mathematician, astronomer and geographer.
The university offers a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate programs in a many areas. 
Kharazmi University is considered as the oldest institution of higher education in Iran. It was established in 1919 as the Central Teachers' Institute and gained university status as Tarbiat Moallem University of Tehran in 1974. It changed its name to Kharazmi University on January 31, 2012.

In 2015, the University of Economic Sciences (founded in 1936) was merged into Kharazmi University as its department of management, department of financial sciences and department of economics. 
The university has two main campuses, the main campus including administration offices located in Tehran, another is in the Hesarak district of Karaj.
Kharazmi University School of Engineering won international rankings of 601-800th in 2019, 2020, and 2021. It ranked 6th and 10th in industrial incomes among Iranian universities in 2020 for Civil Engineering and Education.

Olav van Wijngaarden

Olav van Wijngaarden (born 7 September 1996) is a Dutch korfball player. He is a member of Papendrechtse Korfbal Club (PKC) and the Netherlands national korfball team. 

In 2017 Van Wijngaarden broke his jaw after he was hit during nightlife in Papendrecht.

Van Wijngaarden was the best player in the 2021 Korfbal League.

With the national team he won the gold medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.


Julie Caluwé

Julie Caluwé (born 27 May 1992) is a Belgian korfball player. She is a member of Dutch korfall club Papendrechtse Korfbal Club (PKC) playing in the Dutch Korfbal League and the Belgium national korfball team.

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.




Erdmann II, Count of Promnitz

Erdmann II, Count von Promnitz (22 August 163 - 7 September 1745) was the Lord of Żary and Trzebiel. He worked as a minister for Augustus II the Strong and August III. Georg Philipp Telemann and Wolfgang Caspar Printz worked as musicians for him.

Alice Harnoncourt

Alice Harnoncourt (née Hoffelner; 26 September 1930 – 20 July 2022) was an Austrian classical violinist. She was the wife of Nikolaus Harnoncourt. Her works were known as historically informed performance. She worked for Concentus Musicus Wien. 

Harnoncourt died on 20 July 2022 in Vienna, Austria at the age of 91.

Peter Inge, Baron Inge

Field Marshal Peter Anthony Inge, Baron Inge, (5 August 1935 – 20 July 2022) was a senior British Army officer. He was the Chief of the General Staff, the professional head of the British Army, from 1992 to 1994. He then was Chief of the Defence Staff before retiring in 1997. 

Inge died on 20 July 2022, at the age of 86.

Bernard Labourdette

Bernard Labourdette (13 August 1946 – 20 July 2022) was a French professional road bicycle racer. He won stage 16A in the 1971 Tour de France. Labourdette was born in Lurbe-Saint-Christau, France.

Labourdette died on 20 July 2022 at the age of 75.

Shiara Driesen

Shiara Driesen (born 4 March 1991) is a Belgian korfball player. She is a member of Floriant and the Belgium national korfball team.

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.





Judith Stamm

Judith Stamm (25 February 1934 – 20 July 2022) was a Swiss jurist and politician. She was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP). She was also a well known women's rights activist. Stamm was born in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. From 1983 to 1999, she was a member of the National Council. She was president of the council from 1996 to 1997.

Stamm died on 20 July 2022 in Zurich, Switzerland at the age of 88.

An An (giant panda)

An An (; 1986 – 21 July 2022) was a male giant panda. He lived in Hong Kong Ocean Park. He was a gift from the Central People's Government of China to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in 1999. He was the longest-living male giant panda in the world under human care before his death in 2022.

An An was euthanised at aged 35 on 21 July 2022 at Hong Kong Ocean Park after being sick for the last three weeks.

Saar Seys

Saar Seys (born 26 July 1991) is a Belgian korfball player. She is a member of Floriant and the Belgium national korfball team.

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.





Wes Moore

Westley Watende Omari Moore (born October 15, 1978) is an American politician, writer, businessman, television producer, and United States Army veteran. He is the Governor of Maryland. From 2017 to 2021, he was the CEO of the Robin Hood Foundation. 

Moore was the author of "The Other Wes Moore" and "The Work". Moore is the founder and CEO of BridgeEdU.

In June 2021, Moore launched his campaign to become the Democratic candidate for Maryland governor. He won the Democratic nomination in July 2022. He won the election in November 2022.

Aruna Miller

Aruna Miller (née Katragadda; November 6, 1964) is an Indian-American politician. Since 2023, she has been the 10th lieutenant governor of Maryland under Governor Wes Moore. She was also a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from 2010 to 2019. 

Aruna ran for the United States House of Representatives in 2018 to represent Maryland's 6th congressional district, and lost the Democratic primary to David Trone.

In December 2021, Wes Moore chose Miller as his lieutenant governor pick in the Democratic primary of the 2022 election.

David Trone

David John Trone (born September 21, 1955) is an American Democratic politician and businessman. He is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Maryland's 6th congressional district since 2019. He co-founded and co-owns Total Wine & More. 

Ernest Augustus I, Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach

Ernest Augustus I, Duke of Saxe-Weimar (German: "Ernst August I"; 19 April 1688 19 January 1748) was a duke of Saxe-Weimar. In 1741, he became the duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.

Lisa Pauwels

Lisa Pauwels (born 27 May 1997) is a Belgian korfball player. She is a member of and the Belgium national korfball team. 

Pauwels became with her club Floriant 2022 Topkorfbal League champion, after beating in the final Borgerhout/GW. Her brother Glenn Pauwels and sister Amy Pauwels played in this final for Borgerhout/GW. Pauwels became 2022 . 

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Pauwels started playing korfball at the age of four. Next to playing korfball she is a kindergarten teacher. 



Osteocephalus castaneicola

Chestnut's slender-legged treefrog ("Osteocephalus castaneicola") is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Bolivia and Brazil.

Amber Engels

Amber Engels (born 28 December 1998) is a Belgian korfball player. She is a member of Putse KC and the Belgium national korfball team.

Engels became a member of the national team in 2021. She won with the team the silver medal the 2021 European Korfball Championship and was during the tournament a topscorer for team. With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.

Engels graduated as a dietitian and continued another studies life sciences food industry.

Lars Courtens

Lars Courtens (born 28 March 1995) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of KC Floriant Merelbeke and the Belgium national korfball team.

With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.




Father Sergius (1918 movie)

Father Sergius () is a 1918 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Ivan Mosjoukine, Olga Kondorova, and V. Dzheneyeva.


For Happiness

For Happiness () is a 1917 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yevgeny Bauer. It stars Emma Bauer, Tasya Borman, and N. Dennitsyna.


Satan Triumphant

Satan Triumphant () is a 1917 Russian silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Pavel Pavlov, Aleksandr Chabrov, and Natalya Lisenko.


Jordan de Vogelaere

Jordan de Vogelaere (born 8 September 1996) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of Boeckenberg KC and the Belgium national korfball team.

De Vogelaere played for the club in the Dutch national Korfbal League. He returned to Belgium in 2021 playing with Boeckenberg KC.

With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.




Lennert Impens

Lennert Impens (born 24 February 1995) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of and the Belgium national korfball team.

Impens became a member of the national team in 2021. He won with the team the silver medal the 2021 European Korfball Championship. Pauwels became 2022 . 

With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama.



Alan Grant

Alan Grant (9 February 194920 July 2022) was a Scottish comic book writer. He was known for writing Judge Dredd and many Batman comic books. He was also known as the co-creator of the characters Anarky, Victor Zsasz, and the Ventriloquist.

Grant died on 20 July 2022 at the age of 73.

Jari Hardies

Jari Hardies (born 6 April 1990) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of Koninklijke Antwerpse Korfbal Club (KAFC) and the Belgium national korfball team.

In 2020 Hardies moved to the Dutch club DVO where he played in the national Korfbal League. He moved back to Belgium started playing with KAFC.

With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama. After the 2022 World Games, Hardies retired as an international korball player. He played a total of 69 games for the Belgian team.





Priah Ferguson

Priah Nicole Ferguson (born October 1, 2006) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Erica Sinclair on the Netflix's series "Stranger Things".

Brent Struyf

Brent Struyf (born 21 June 1995) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of Boeckenberg KC and the Belgium national korfball team.

Struyf started playing with the Dutch club DVO in 2015. He moved back to Belgium in 2018.

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama. After the 2022 World Games, Hardies retired as an international korball player. He played a total of 42 games for the Belgian team.





Burrowing owl

The burrowing owl ("Athene cunicularia") is a bird in the Strigidae family.

They nest and roost in burrows. The owls are often active during the day. Like many other kinds of owls, burrowing owls do most of their hunting during dusk and dawn, when they can best use their night vision and hearing.

Wood duck

The wood duck ("Aix sponsa") is a bird in the Anatidae family.

Corvetto, Milan

Corvetto distric is a well-known area in Milan. It was an ancient borough, but now it is an art district area, located near Linate airport and connected to the city center by rail and motorways, it is a 10-minute drive from Piazza Duomo.

The whole district, also due to its proximity to the Prada Foundation, has seen the opening of numerous art galleries and ateliers of avant-garde artists. The district is now also known as the "Corvetto Art District" and various contemporary art events take place. Numerous high-design buildings are under construction in the district, including Palazzo Pinifarina. In 2023 Gucci created the ornamental lighting of the Corvetto district.

Corvetto is nowadays defined as "the artists' village" or "Corvetto art district", also characterized by the "Fuori Salone" of the "Corvetto Art Week" contemporary art weeks that involve all the galleries of the neighborhood and international artists.
Among the many avant-garde art galleries, for example, Studio Tretre in Via Marco d'Agrate n.33 (with entrance at n.27 from a large gate) which houses the ateliers of Bislacchi, Marina Cavadini, Lucia Cristiani, Lorenzo Lunghi, Edoardo Manzoni, Francesca Migone, Ludovico Orombelli, Francesco Pacelli, Adelisa Selimbašić, Nicolò Masiero Sgrinzatto, Pietro Vitali, Vincenzo Zancana.

Corvetto once had a reputation as a bohemian neighborhood in Milan, a haunt of artists, including Umberto Boccioni who lived near the Prada Foundation, radicals, painters and poets.

The Bonvini Art Printing House in Via Tagliamento, 1 is a stationery shop that has now become an art gallery and hosts art exhibitions and conferences. The Reading Book club, in via Mincio 10, is a book club that presents editorial projects of avant-garde art and photography as well as unobtainable revisits of design and fashion, hosting art vernisages and conferences, creating real colonies of artists and collectors internationals attentive to the European avant-gardes.

Corvetto has defined the "King's Road", by international artists, which runs the entire length of the area from Via Polesine, Via Marco d'Agrate, to Via Quaranta, arriving at its western end at the district of the Plastic club, in Via Gargano, the most avant-garde venue in the city, where many of the great Italian designers were born and where for years it was the usual meeting place for personalities such as Giorgio Armani and Andy Warhol, defined as an area with a "philosophy in which the life of luxury with art it is fabulous and new ".

At the Plastic there were characters such as Keith Haring to Andy Warhol, passing through Fiorucci, to the most famous designers in Milanese history since 1980. There are no tables to book but the selection is very high. The place in absolute privacy, has had the usual frequentation of artists and personalities of international fame, including Madonna, Elton John, Freddy Mercury, Prince, Paul Young, Bruce Springsteeen and Grace Jones. Plastic is the most inclusive and historic gay friendly club in the city of Milan, and still remains one of the most avant-garde clubs in Europe, compared to "Studio 54" in New York. Crossroads of art, fashion and music, it has seen the birth of many emerging fashion designers and stylists.

The cost for apartment in Corvetto area need from 4,800 to 7,000 euros per square meter; with an yearly increase of 15 percent for what is refurbished luxury.


Aken (Elbe)

Aken is a town in the Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. The town is along the Elbe River. In 2020, the town's population was about 7,400. The history of the town starts in the 12th century. The town has several historic buildings from the Middle Ages. The St. Nicholas and St. Mary churches are the oldest buildings in the town.

Rhizoctonia

Rhizoctonia is a type of fungi. They have long filaments called mycelia and a root like structure consisting of food reserves, called sclerotia. Rhizoctonia species eat through a process called saprotrophic nutrition, as the filaments (mycelia) absorb decayed organic matter through the cell wall. The species may resort to plant pathogeny, meaning that it can sometimes cause crop diseases. Some Rhizoctonia species live on the roots of orchid plants and exhibit a mutually beneficial relationship with them during orchid germination.

The term Rhizoctonia (meaning “root killer”) was first used by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle to describe the species Rhizoctonia crocorum, which causes violet root rot in carrots. It was found that Rhizoctonia solani also causes significant plant diseases, affecting grass, seeds, potatoes, cereals, sugar beet, cucumber, rice and many others.

When this type of fungus begins to grow on a plant the infected area decays rapidly, leading to brown and red lesions below the soil-line. If the disease develops, these lesions enlarge to form sunken cankers that can cut through the plant root and stem. Other symptoms include plants wilting in the middle of the day and damping off.

Since "Rhizoctonia" don't produce many spores, they are characterised by their hyphae. The hyphae are responsible for producing branch filaments at right and acute angles. Some hyphae are specialised with compact cells called miliolid cells. These cells form strong structures called sclerotia, this strength allows these fungi to survive extreme conditions.

There are two groups of classification based on the number of nuclei (cell compartment storing genetic material) within the hyphae cells. The two groups are binucleate (two nuclei) and multinucleate (more than two nuclei) "Rhizoctonia".

A further classification into groups is based on the ability of hyphae to fuse together, by a process called Anastomosis.

Anabaena

Anabena is a genus that encompasses plankton species. They fall under a type of bacteria called cyanobacteria. They have the ability to perform photosynthesis, as well as the ability to convert nitrogen in the air to ammonia, in water. They form mutually beneficial relationships, called symbiotic relationships with some plants. Anabena can make neurotoxins. It protects the plants from being eaten by wildlife. However, some species of Anabena have been used as a natural fertilizer in rice fields.
A study in 1999 has found the complete genome of Anabena (all of the DNA material). It is 7.2 million base pairs long. Anabena species have been used in research which focused on nitrogen fixation, DNA repair and primitive vision pigments.


Alfeld

Alfeld is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is near the Leine River. Sieben Berge (Seven Hills) is to the northeast. The town is in the Metropolitan region Hannover-Braunschweig-Göttingen-Wolfsburg. It is within the district of Hildesheim in the southern part of Lower Saxony. The population in 2020 was about 18,500. The main political parties are SPD and then CDU. The town is both Protestant and Catholic. 

The town was part of the Hanseatic League in the Middle Ages. The town was originally Catholic, but was also Protestant after the 16th century. Before the Thirty Year's War, the town was economically and culturally successful. The town was part of Prussia in the 19th century. 

There is a historic part of town and several museums. The historic town includes a Latin School from 1610, a marketplace, and several churches like the St. Nicholas Church. The Fillerturm is a medieval watch tower. The Fagus Factory is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The Sieben Berge are famous. They are often connected with the story Snow White and the Seven Dwarves. In the story, the Seven Hills is where Snow White and dwarves lived.

Allendorf, Giessen

Allendorf is a small town in Hesse, Germany. It is in the Giessen district. It is along the small river Lumda. Marburg is to the south and Giessen to the northeast. The town has four parts: Allendorf, Climbach, Nordeck and Winnen. The castle Burg Nordeck is from the 12th century. The part of Allendorf was first mentioned in the 8th century. In 2020, the population was about 4,000.

Zimbabwe national rugby union team

The Zimbabwe national rugby union team is nicknamed the Sables. They play rugby for Zimbabwe in competitions. The team is managed by the Zimbabwe Rugby Union. It first played in 1981 against Kenya. They have competed at the first two Rugby World Cups in 1987 and 1991. They are ranked 32th in the World Rugby ranking as of July 2022.

Zambia women's national basketball team

The Zambia women's national basketball team plays for Zambia in competitions. It is managed by the Zambia Basketball Association (ZBA).

Zambia national basketball team

The Zambia national basketball team plays for Zambia in international competitions. It is managed by the Zambia Basketball Association (ZBA).

You're Makin' Me High

"You're Makin' Me High" is the lead single from the American singer Toni Braxton's second studio album, "Secrets" (1996). This song is medium-tempo, so not very fast or very slow. It was made by Babyface and Bryce Wilson. It came out the United States as a double A-side with the song "Let It Flow". Brandy and Dallas Austin were going to write the words to it at first.

Allstedt

Allstedt is a town in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is in the Mansfeld-Südharz district. It is southeast of Sangerhausen. There are 13 parts of the town. The population was about 7,600 in 2020. The main political party is CDU. 

The history of the town first started in the 6th century. The town housed soldiers during the Thirty Years' War. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe lived in the town from 1776 to 1802. He stayed in the castle and wrote parts of Iphigenie. The town was bombed during World War II. Russians took over after the war. 

Historic tourist attractions include the Allstedt castle, the church Allstedter Dom, the church St. Johanneskirche and the town hall ("Rathaus").

Alsdorf

Alsdorf is a municipality in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is in the Aachen district. It is very close to The Netherlands. The town has 17 districts. The population was 47,000 in 2020. The main political party is SPD. The castle Alsdorf is a main tourist attraction. The town used to be a mining center and there is a mining museum. There is also a zoo.

Ursula Birkholz

Ursula Birkholz (neé Ursula Fenselau, born 9 January 1911) was a German track and field athlete specialized in the 80 metres hurdles event. She was a member of Dresdner SC and represented Germany at international competitions.

Birkholz won the bronze medal at the 1930 Women's World Games in the 80 metres hurdles event.

At the national championships she won the silver medal in the 80 metres hurdles event at the behind Gerda Pirch. At the she won the bronze medal.


Alsfeld

Alsfeld is a town in Hesse, Germany. It is between Bad Hersfeld, Fulda, Gießen and Marburg an der Lahn. The town is along the Schwalm and in the Vogelsberg, which is a volcanic mountain range. It is south of the Knüll Mountains. The town has 16 boroughs. The population was about 16,000 in 2020. The main political party is the CDU. 

Asfeld's recorded history starts in the 11th century. The town was probably founded in the Carolingian Dynasty. The town was part of the Holy Roman Empire. In the Middle Ages, there was a church, monastery, towers, town hall, and water supply. There were also guilds. These were groups of merchants and craftsmen. Many half-timbered buildings (Fachwerkhäuser) were built in the 16th century. There were many Jews in the 19th century until Nazis came to power. The location of the town was good for trade, but caused plunder and pleagues. Th town infasctructure with trains and roads was developed in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. 

The Altstadt (old town) has many historic buildings and is the main tourist attraction. It is known for half-timbered buildings. The streets are narrow in the Medieval center of town. There is a town hall, wine hall and wedding house. The Minnigerode Haus is another historic building. There is also a Alsfeld Fairy Tale House. Other structures are the late Gothic "Beinhaus, Dreifaltigkeitskirche" (Trinity Church), "Leonhardsturm" (Leonard's Tower), the Augustine monastery, and the "Walpurgiskirche." The town has several tours and themes related to Fairy Tales.

Jacqueline Laudré

Jacqueline Laudré (married name Jacqueline Mulot, 2 August 1910 — 9 April 2007) was a French track and field athlete specialized in the 80 metres hurdles, high jump and long jump events. 

Laudré represented France at the 1930 Women's World Games in the 80 metres hurdles event where she finished third in the heats but was eliminated in the semi-finals.

At the national championships she became French national champion in the 80 meter hurdles in 1932, 1933, 1934 and 1943; in the high jump in 1930, 1933 and 1934; and in the long jump in 1932 and 1934.

In 1933, she set a new French high jump record with 1.52 metres.

She was the younger sister of Lucienne Laudré-Viel, who also became multiple times French national champion in the high jump and long jump.

Timber framing

Timber framing (German: "Holzfachwerk") is a way to build buildings. Timbers are the structure of the building and fit together like a skeleton. Sometimes the timbers can be seen from the outside. This is called half-timbered. The spaces between the timbers are filled with brick, plaster, wattle or daub. These spaces are often for decoration. Germany is famous for half-timbered buildings. There are also such buildings across Europe and in North America and Japan. The building method is over a thousand years old and has many styles. 

Jacqueline Combernoux

Jacqueline Edmée Marie Alauze (married name Jacqueline Combernoux, 10 June 1906 — 31 March 1993) was a French track and field athlete specialized in the 80 metres hurdles and long jump events. She was a member of Olympique de Marseille Athlétisme (1926-1930), the national team (1928-1932) and Stade Marseillais Université Club (since 1941).

Combernoux represented France at the 1930 Women's World Games in the 80 metres hurdles event where she won the heats but was eliminated in the semi-finals.

At the national championships she became French national champion in the 80 meter hurdles in 1928, 1930, 1931; and in the long jump in 1943.

She was the younger sister of Édith Alauze. She was also an track and field national champion and besides of that also a footballer.

The Lobster Fisherman (De Martino)

The Lobster Fisherman (which translates to “L'Aragostaio”) is an artist's multiple by the Italian artist Giovanni De Martino, made in 1875, in bronze, it measures 35 x 56 centimeters, and is part of the Collection of the Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art in Varese.

The fisher child represents a crustacean seller, and will be reprized in the 1916 work "Le Pêcheur de criquets" by De Martino.
De Martino's most precious works concern the representations of the children of the people, and for this reason he was also called "the sculptor of children", in which he highlights a great ability to represent in a realistic way the expressions and characters of children.

Benito Mussolini during the Rome quadrennial in 1931 indicated him as an important exponent of Italian art.
Giovanni de Martino's sculptures highlight his empathic closeness to the humbler classes, re-entering the movement of social realism.

The surface of the sculpture is shiny and dark with a slightly golden tone. For this reason, the light creates decisive contrasts of brightness that highlight the volumes of the body and mark the anatomical modeling.

Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art in Varese.





Dinesh Gunawardena

Dinesh Chandra Rupasinghe Gunawardena (, ; born 2 March 1949) is a Sri Lankan politician has served as Prime Minister of Sri Lanka since July 2022. He has served as a member of parliament, cabinet minister, and Leader of the House in the Parliament of Sri Lanka.

Folsom, California

Folsom is a city in Sacramento County, California, United States.

Galt, California

Galt is a city in Sacramento County, California, United States.

Isleton, California

Isleton is a city in Sacramento County, California, United States.

San Juan Bautista, California

San Juan Bautista is a city in San Benito County, California, United States.

Bagley, Minnesota

Bagley is the county seat of Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States.

Grand Marais, Minnesota

Grand Marais is the county seat of Cook County, Minnesota, United States.

Cloquet, Minnesota

Cloquet is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Man with a Movie Camera

Man with a Movie Camera (Russian: Человек с киноаппаратом) is a Soviet silent documentary film directed by Dziga Vertov. His brother Mikhail Kaufman filmed the movie and appears in the film as the cameraman. The movie is experimentalal and there are no actorss. It shows the city life in Moscow, Kyiv and Odessa for one day. The movie is often considered one of the best movies and documentaries.

There is no single plot or storyline. The movie starts with people entering a theater and shows a screen. On the screen, the cameraman goes to locations to record on the spot. The cameraman appears several times in the movie. The movie often switches from showing the cameraman to the what the camera is looking at. The camera shows people and machines in the early morning. Everything is still and quiet. The camera goes on to shows the city waking up. It shows workers and transportation (street cars, trains, airplanes, carriages). There are different types of work and classes of people. The camera captures the movement of objects. The movie shows the dense population and busy industries. The movie switches between movement and still images. Later in the day, the camera shows more entertainment like a beach and a carnival and sports like track and field and soccer and music. Other daily events included are personal hygiene, people getting married and divorced, birth of children and a funeral. The movie ends with an image of the camera and the eye of the cameraman looking through it.

The movie is very experimental and radical. Vertov wanted to create a universal image that was separate from any language. The movie is very fast-paced. A lot of the montage editing is not linear. The movie used many filming techniques. Examples are multiple exposure, fast motion, slow motion, freeze frames, match cuts, jump cuts, split screens, Dutch angles, extreme close-ups, tracking shots, reversed footage, stop motion animations and self-reflexive visuals. Many movies today use these techniques.

The movie did not have that good reviews in the beginning. People criticized the movie. Soviet filmmaker Sergei Eisenstein did not like the movie. Critics did not take the film seriously. The reception has changed over time. "Man with a Movie Camera" is now viewed as a great movie and even one of the best. The movie has a 97% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie got 8th place in a "Sight & Sound" poll from 2021. The movie was included in Time magazine's All-time 100 Movies. Roger Ebert gave the movie a four out of four rating.

Be Silent, My Sorrow, Be Silent

Be Silent, My Sorrow, Be Silent () is a 1918 Russian silent drama movie directed by Pyotr Chardynin. It stars Vera Kholodnaya, Pyotr Chardynin, and Ossip Runitsch.


The Lady and the Hooligan

The Lady and the Hooligan () is a 1918 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Mayakovsky and Yevgeni Slavinsky. It stars Vladimir Mayakovsky, Aleksandra Rebikova, and Fyodor Dunayev.


The Last Tango

The Last Tango () is a 1918 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vyacheslav Viskovsky. It stars A. Aleksandrov, Vera Kholodnaya, and Ivan Khudoleyev. The movie is based on the words of a song performed by Iza Kremer in Odessa.


The Project of Engineer Prite

The Project of Engineer Prite () is a 1918 Russian silent movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars N. Gardy, Yelena Komarova, and Boris Kuleshov.

Comrade Abram

Comrade Abram () is a 1919 Russian silent movie directed by Aleksandr Razumny. It stars Pyotr Baksheyev, Dimitri Buchowetzki, and Vera Orlova.

People Die for Metal

People Die for Metal () is a 1919 Russian silent drama movie directed by Alexandre Volkoff. It stars Zoya Karabanova, Iona Talanov, and Yuri Yurovsky.

The Iron Heel (movie)

The Iron Heel () is a 1919 Russian silent movie directed by Vladimir Gardin, Andrey Gorchilin, Olga Preobrazhenskaya, Yevgeny Ivanov-Barkov, Leonid Leonidov and Tamara Glebova. It stars Olga Bonus, Anatoli Gorchilin, and Aleksandra Khokhlova.

On the Red Front

On the Red Front () is a 1920 Russian silent movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Aleksandra Khokhlova, Lev Kuleshov, and Leonid Obolensky.


Sickle and Hammer (movie)

Sickle and Hammer () is a 1921 Russian silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Aleksandr Gromov, Anatoli Gorchilin, and N. Zubova. 


The Miracle Maker (1922 movie)

The Miracle Maker () is a 1922 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Panteleyev. It stars Pyotr Kirillov, Yelena Tumanskaya, and Vasili Kozhura.


Polikushka

Polikushka () is a 1922 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Alexander Sanin. It stars Ivan Moskvin, Vera Pashennaya, and Yevgeniya Rayevskaya.


Glumov's Diary

Glumov's Diary () is a 1923 Soviet silent movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein. It stars Grigori Aleksandrov, Aleksandr Antonov, and Sergei Eisenstein.


Locksmith and Chancellor

Locksmith and Chancellor () is a 1923 Soviet silent movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Ivan Khudoleyev, Nikolai Panov, and N. Tairova.


Red Devils (movie)

Red Devils () is a 1923 Soviet silent movie directed by Ivan Perestiani. It stars Pavel Yesikovsky, Sofia Josephey, and Kador Ben-Salim.


A Spectre Haunts Europe

A Spectre Haunts Europe () is a 1923 Soviet silent movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Zoya Barantsevich, Oleg Frelikh, and Yevgeny Gryaznov.

The Adventures of Oktyabrina

The Adventures of Oktyabrina () is a 1924 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Zinaida Tarakhovskaya, Yevgeni Kumeyko, and Sergei Martinson.


Aelita

Aelita () is a 1924 Soviet silent movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Yuliya Solntseva, Igor Ilyinsky, and Nikolai Tseretelli.


The Cigarette Girl from Mosselprom

The Cigarette Girl from Mosselprom () is a 1924 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Yuri Zhelyabuzhsky. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Yuliya Solntseva, and Anna Dmokhovskaya.


The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks

The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks () is a 1924 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Porfiri Podobed, Boris Barnet, and Aleksandra Khokhlova.


The Palace and the Fortress

The Palace and the Fortress () is a 1924 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Yevgeni Boronikhin, Yuri Korvin-Krukovsky, and Marina Yuryeva.

Chess Fever

Chess Fever () is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Nikolai Shpikovsky. It stars José Raúl Capablanca, Vladimir Fogel, and Anna Zemtsova.


Cross and Mauser

Cross and Mauser () is a 1925 Soviet silent movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Yevgeni Chervyakov, V. Kiselyova, and Vladimir Kriger.

The Death Ray (1925 movie)

The Death Ray () is a 1925 Soviet silent movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Porfiri Podobed, Vsevolod Pudovkin, and Vladimir Fogel.


Jewish Luck

Jewish Luck () is a 1925 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Alexis Granowsky. It stars Solomon Mikhoels, Moisei Goldblat, and Tamara Adelgeym.


The Marriage of the Bear

The Marriage of the Bear () is a 1925 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Gardin and Konstantin Eggert. It stars Konstantin Eggert, Vera Malinovskaya, and B. Afonin.


Mishki versus Yudenich

Mishki versus Yudenich () is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Alexander Zavyalov, Polina Pona, and Sergei Gerasimov.


The Tailor from Torzhok

The Tailor from Torzhok () is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Olga Zhizneva, and Anatoli Ktorov.


The Bay of Death

The Bay of Death () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars V. Yaroslavtsev, A. Matsevich, and Vasili Lyudvinsky.


Benya Krik (movie)

Benya Krik () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Vilner. It stars Matvey Lyarov, Yuri Shumsky, and Nikolai Nademsky.


By the Law

By the Law () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Alexandra Khokhlova, Sergei Komarov, and Vladimir Fogel.


Quad City DJ’s

Quad City DJ’s is an American music group formed in 1988.


The Decembrists (movie)

The Decembrists () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Vladimir Maksimov, Yevgeni Boronikhin, and Varvara Annenkova.


The Devil's Wheel

The Devil's Wheel () is a 1926 Soviet silent movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Pyotr Sobolevsky, Lyudmila Semyonova, and Sergei Gerasimov.


Katka's Reinette Apples

Katka's Reinette Apples () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler and Eduard Ioganson. It stars Veronika Buzhinskaya, Bella Chernova, and Yakov Gudkin.


Love's Berries

Love's Berries () is a 1926 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Maryan Krushelnitsky, Margarita Barskaya, and Dmitriy Kapka.


Mechanics of the Brain

Mechanics of the Brain () is a 1926 Soviet documentary movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin.

Miss Mend

Miss Mend () is a 1926 Soviet silent movie directed by Fyodor Otsep and Boris Barnet. It stars Natalia Glan, Boris Barnet, and Vladimir Fogel.


Mother (1926 movie)

Mother () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin. It stars Vera Baranovskaya, Nikolai Batalov, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


Prostitute (1927 movie)

Prostitute () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Oleg Frelikh. It stars Olga Bonus, Mark Donskoy, and L. Krasina.


Tale of the Woods

Tale of the Woods () is a 1926 Soviet silent movie directed by Yuri Tarich. It stars Leonid Danilov, T. Kotelnikova, and Ivan Klyukvin.


The Overcoat (1926 movie)

The Overcoat () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Andrei Kostrichkin, Antonina Eremeeva, and Aleksei Kapler.


A Sixth Part of the World

A Sixth Part of the World () is a 1926 Soviet documentary movie directed by Dziga Vertov.

The Three Million Trial

The Three Million Trial () is a 1926 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Anatoly Ktorov, and Mikhail Klimov.


Glomeromycota

Glomeromycota is a group of fungi that surround the roots of trees and plants. They are not as diverse as other groups of fungi but are one of the most common and widespread fungi. Around 250 members of the glomeromycota class have been identified. They are found in association with roots of most plant species in almost every land ecosystem. They have even been found in Antarctica.

Glomeromycota and plants benefit each other: they need each other to stay alive. Plants give the fungi carbohydrates and energy, and the fungi give the plants with essential minerals from the soil. Nearly all glomeromycota produce structures called arbuscules. These are a long branching structure that goes into the roots of plants and allow substances to be passed to and fro between the plant and the fungus.

Glomeromycota are associated with some of the most sold and eaten crop plants. Glomeromycota can have positive and negative effects on plants. They can increase plant growth and can also transport essential nitrogen products to plant roots which is important for protein production in plants. However, they can have negative effects on non-host plants. They can help the growth and spread of invasive species taking important resources and soil space from other plants.

Glomeromycota reproduce through the formation of spores. Fungal spores are tiny particles that allow fungi to reproduce, they are similar to a seed of plants. Glomeromycota have large spores for fungi, between 40 µm to 800 µm, some can be seen with the naked human eye. Glomeromycota spores have thick cell walls with many members having multiple cell walls. When in the correct conditions, spores grow into a small branch and find a host's roots to live.

Divine Shepherd (De Martino)

Divine Shepherd (which translates to “Pastorello Divino ”) is an artist's multiple by the Italian artist Giovanni De Martino, made in 1901, in bronze, it measures 18 x 24 centimeterse.




Head of Scugnizzo (De Martino)

Head of Scugnizzo (which translates to “Testa di Scugnizzo”) is an artist's multiple by the Italian artist Giovanni De Martino, made in 1875, in bronze, it measures 34,5 centimeterse.





Chinese paddlefish

The Chinese paddlefish (Psephurus gladius) (), also known as Chinese swordfish, is an extinct species of fish that was found in Yangtze and Yellow River basins in China. They had an average length of , making it one of the largest species of primarily freshwater fishes. 

The Chinese paddlefish was officially declared extinct in July 2022, with an estimated time of extinction to be by 2005–2010, although it had become functionally extinct by 1993. The main cause of its extinction was the construction of the Gezhouba and Three Gorges dams.

Head of a baby (De Martino)

Head of a baby (which translates to “Testa di bimbo”) is an artist's multiple by the Italian artist Giovanni De Martino, made in 1890, in bronze, it measures 26, 15 x 15 x 15 centimeterse.

Giovanni De Martino with "Testa di bimbo" reworks the Neo-Hellenistic balance through the shooting of living models and life portraits.





Taurean Blacque

Taurean Blacque (born Herbert Middleton Jr.; May 10, 1940 – July 21, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Detective Neal Washington on the series "Hill Street Blues". He was born in Newark, New Jersey. 

Early in his acting career, Blacque began making guest appearances in sitcoms such as "What's Happening!!", "Sanford and Son", "The Bob Newhart Show", "The Tony Randall Show", "Good Times", and "Taxi". 

He won an NAACP Image Award for Best Actor (Local) in 1985.

In 1989, he was asked by President George H. W. Bush to be a national spokesman for supporting adoption.

Blacque died on July 21, 2022 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 82.

Native American cuisine

Native American cuisine is the cuisine of Native Americans. Frybread is a famous Native American dish. The three staples of Native American cuisine are corn, squash, and beans.

Indigenous peoples of Nevada

Nevada is home to the Washoe, Northern Paiute, Southern Paiute and Western Shoshone tribes.

Streets of Gold (movie)

Streets of Gold is a 1986 American boxing drama movie directed by first time director Joe Roth and starring Klaus Maria Brandauer, Adrian Pasdar, Wesley Snipes, John Mahoney, Elya Baskin. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Susan Cooper

Susan Mary Cooper (born 23 May 1935) is an English author of children's books. She is best known for "The Dark Is Rising". In 2012 she won the lifetime Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American Library Association.



Richard Perry

Richard Perry (born June 18, 1942) is an American record producer. He produced more than 12 gold records by 1982. From 1978 to 1983, he ran his own record label, Planet Records. He also produced albums by Rod Stewart and Carly Simon. He began getting involved with music early in his life, around the age of 12.

Perry and Jane Fonda were in a relationship from 2009 to 2017. In 2017, he was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.


Wuthering Heights (1954 movie)

Wuthering Heights is a 1954 Mexican movie directed by Luis Buñuel. In Spanish, it is called Abismos de pasión.

In 1931, Buñuel and Pierre Unik wrote a movie based on the 1847 Emily Brontë novel "Wuthering Heights" but they could not get the money for it. The 1954 movie was produced by Óscar Dancigers and Abelardo L. Rodríguez. It stars Irasema Dilián and Jorge Mistral as the Cathy and Heathcliff characters.



Osteocephalus mutabor

Osteocephalus mutabor is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador and Peru. It lives in the hills on the west side of the Andes mountains. Scientists have seen it between 250 and 1000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 35.6–50.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 52.7–75.7 mm long.

This frog is brown or green-brown in color with marks across its back. Its belly is pink, orange, or whitish. The adult male frogs have bumps on their backs.

The female frog lays 30-40 eggs at a time.

This frog lives in primary forest and near the edges of forests.

The young frogs are brown-bronze in color. Scienitsts named this frog "mutabor" for the Latin word "mutare" for "changing." This is because the young frogs change color when they become adult frogs.

Planctomycetota

Planctomycetes are a group (phylum) of gram-negative bacteria that can be found in marine habitats including oceans, freshwater lakes, wastewater but also terrestrial habitats like soils. Approximately 11% of marine microbial communities is occupied by this phylum. They grow very slowly compared to other bacteria phylum. The majority of Planctomycetota species reproduce by binary fission which is when the bacterium divides into two (or more) and each part regenerates to become a new cell which resembles the original cell; however, they can also reproduce by budding which is when an organism reproduces by forming a ‘bud’, this bud develops into a full organism.

Planctomycetes were only discovered to be a bacterium in 1972 even though they were first discovered back in 1924. They were first wrongly identified as a eukaryote because their cells are unusually structured compared to majority of bacteria cells and looked more similar to eukaryotes.

This phylum is part of the PVC superphylum which is a superphylum that contains and is named after Plantomycetes, Verrucomicrobia and Chlamydiae. The two classes that are part of the Planctomycetota are Planctomycetia and Phycisphaerae.

Planctomycetes have been identified as a potential source for bioactive molecules which are compounds that can possibly encourage great health.

Planctomycetes are heavily involved in producing nitrogen gas with an estimated 30-50% of nitrogen gas in the oceans produced by this phylum. This aids nitrogen production for the nitrogen cycle which is the process of nitrogen transforming into different forms where it is used by many organisms to stay alive.

Enterobacter

Enterobacter is a group (genus) of bacteria that are part of the ESKAPE pathogens. There have been 22 species that’ve been discovered so far. They are widely spread around habitats including water, soil and sewage but also have been discovered in human and animal faeces which is one reason why they have managed to inhabit so many environments. In addition, they can survive in oxygen containing (aerobic) as well as oxygen-free (anaerobic) environments.

This genus is part of the Enterobacteriaceae family which is a group that contains many harmful bacteria like Salmonella and Shigella.

These species are known for causing many infections with most of the species being nosocomial (acquired in hospitals). Some example infections include urinary tract infection (UTI), intra-abdominal infections, respiratory tract infection and soft tissue infection. There are antibiotics that treat Enterobacter infections; however, resistance to the currently employed antibiotics is rising, and there is an urgent need to develop new antibiotics to fight this bacterium. Two species that are especially resistant to antibiotic treatment are Enterobacter huaxiensis and Enterobacter chuandaensis.

Milan Dvořák

Milan Dvořák (19 November 1934 – 21 July 2022) was a Czech football player. From 1952 to 1958, he played for the Czechoslovakia national football team, making thirteen appearances. 

Heikki Haavisto

Heikki Haavisto (20 August 1935 – 22 July 2022) was a Finnish politician and lobbyist. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs in Esko Aho's cabinet between 1993 and 1995. He was a member of the Centre Party. Haavisto was born in Raisio, Finland.

Haavisto died on 22 July 2022 in Raisio at the age of 86.

Nick Parents

Nick Parents (formerly "Nickelodeon Parents") is a nighttime programming block. It was owned by Viacom Media Networks. It was aired on the Nick Jr. Channel from November 29, 2015 to the present. At this time, children would normally be sleeping. The block broadcasted comedy programming for adults, particularly adults.

On February 4, 2022, Nickelodeon Parents was now rebranded as Nick Parents.

Nick Jr. timeshared Nickelodeon Parents Every Night from November 29, 2015 to the present.

NickMom Sunset

NickMom Sunset was a nighttime programming block. It was owned by Viacom Media Networks. It was aired on the Nick Jr. Channel from September 28, 2015 to December 17, 2015. At this time, children would normally be sleeping. The block broadcasted comedy programming for adults, particularly mothers.

On December 17, 2015, NickMom Sunset ended its run, and it was replaced by Nickelodeon Parents. The NickMom Sunset website was also closed, and the domain now redirects to the parental resources section of Nick.com.

Nick Jr. timeshared NickMom Sunset Every Night from November 29, 2015 to December 17, 2015.

Brown-headed cowbird

The brown-headed cowbird ("Molothrus ater") is a bird in the Icteridae family.

Andi Peters

Andi Eleazu Peters (born 29 July 1970) is a British television presenter, producer, journalist and voice actor who is currently Competitions Presenter for ITV.


T.O.T.S.

T.O.T.S. (also known as Tiny Ones Transport Service) is an American computer-animated children's television series. It was created by Travis Braun.

Alsleben

Alsleben ( ]) is a town in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is in the Salzlandkreis district and is on the Saale river. The population was about 2,500 in 2020. The main political party is the CDU. A major industry is shipping and is part of the town's history. Tourist attractions include a town hall, churches from the Middle Ages and a Water Tower ("Wasserturm") from 1916.

Cabinet Intelligence and Research Office

The Cabinet Intelligence and Research Office (内閣情報調査室, Naikaku Jōhō Chōsashitsu), also known as Naichō (内調), is a Government of Japan intelligence agency under the Cabinet Secretariat responsible for gathering, processing, and analyzing national security information for the cabinet. As a principal member of the Japanese intelligence community, the CIRO reports directly to the Prime Minister of Japan.

The CIRO frequently works with the National Security Council as a communication channel with the prime minister. It is headquartered in Chiyoda, Tokyo, in a building called "H20".

The CIRO was created by the Allied Forces through the formation of the Prime Ministers's Research Office (内閣総理大臣官房調査室, Naikakusōri Daijin Kanbō Chōsa-Shitsu) in April 1952 with Jun Murai as the first director in an attempt to replicate its structure after the CIA. But due to widespread opposition, this plan was discarded. The RO was placed under the jurisdiction of the Prime Minister's office in 1957 and was known as the Cabinet Research Office (内閣調査室, Naikaku Chōsa-Shitsu). The CRO was later renamed the CIRO in 1986.

The Cabinet Intensive Information Center was established on April 11, 1996, to ensure that the CIRO can inform the Prime Minister in severe emergencies. It's located in the Prime Minister's residence.

In August 2007, discussions of intelligence reforms through the paper improvement of counter-intelligence functions resulted in the establishment of the counter-intelligence Center. It's been suggested that the CIC can be used as the basis for the creation of an actual external intelligence agency similar to the CIA.

In 2013, CIRO satellite imagery analysis was used to assist NGOs in Tacloban with reconstruction work in the wake of Typhoon Haiyan.

Since 2015, CIRO agents are usually recruited to be sent to the International Counter-Terrorism Intelligence Collection Unit.

Defense Intelligence Headquarters

The Defense Intelligence Headquarters (情報本部, Jōhōhonbu) is a military intelligence and signal intelligence agency of the Japanese government, under the jurisdiction of the Japanese Ministry of Defense. It is currently one of the biggest Japanese intelligence agencies.

The DIH is under the jurisdiction of the Joint Staff and is controlled by the Defense Intelligence Committee, which is made up of the Chiefs of Staff of the JGSDF, JMSDF and JASDF along with the Chief of Staff, Joint Staff, State Minister of Defense and the Minister of Defense.
Command of the DIH was given directly to the Japanese Minister of Defense in March 2006. The deputy officer is usually a civilian officially appointed by the MOD.Four Defense Intelligence Officers (DIOs) are also appointed with three being colonels from the JGSDF or the JASDF with one a civilian official.
The SIGINT facilities managed by the Chobetsu (Chosa Besshitsu) or the Annex Chamber, Second Section, Second Investigation Division in English, from 1958 to 1997 is managed by the DIH. Command of the SIGINT division is usually filled by a senior officer from the NPA.

The main role of the DIH is to collect information and analyse for planning defense and operation policy. The agency collect information from open sources, signals and image intelligence as well as from other Japanese government ministries, Japanese embassies and other affiliated ministries and organizations. In addition, they also gather intelligence through surveillance activities.

The seal of the DIH consist of the following symbols:


Nitrobacter

The genus "Nitrobacter" consists of gram-negative (gram staining negative) bacteria with pear-shaped or different-sized rod shapes. Their size is around 0.5-0.9um in width and 1.0-2.0 um in length. The optimal growth temperature is between 28 and 30 °C, and the optimal pH is 7.5 ~8.0.

"Nitrobacter" bacteria reproduce by separating a body into two new parts (binary fission) or by budding (when new individuals develop from parent organisms). "Nitrobacter" grow at a quite slow rate.

"Nitrobacter spp." generally occur in soil and water and are organisms that derive energy from chemical reactions (chemoautotrophic). They possess compartments inside their cells, which contain a specific type of protein (enzyme nitrite oxidoreductase.  

"Nitrobacter bacteria" are responsible for the conversion (oxidation) of nitrite (NO) to nitrate (NO). The chemical reaction is shown below. This reaction is called nitrification and it is coupled with low rates of carbon fixation via the Calvin cycle.  

<chem>NO2- + H2O -> NO3- + 2H+ + 2e-</chem>

Nitrification benefits plant growth and is important to the ocean, as it takes about half of the nitrate consumed by phytoplankton (microscopic marine algae) growth. However, it also may lead to eutrophication (enriching the water with nutrients, generally nitrogen/phosphorus) and drinking water pollution.  

In the presence of oxygen, "Nitrobacter bacteria" use nitrite as the energy source and utilize carbon dioxide as the main source of carbon.  "Nitrobacter bacteria" can also carry out anaerobic respiration (without oxygen) by reducing nitrate to nitrite, nitric oxide (NO) and nitrous oxide (N₂O).

Russian microbiologist Sergei Winogradsky first found nitrification and isolate first nitrifiers. He also found these nitrifiers were chemoautotrophic.  

Altena

Altena is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is in the Märkischer Kreis district. It is on the Lenne river valley It is in the northern parts the Sauerland. About 16,500 lived there in 2020. The major political party is the CDU. The Altena Castle is a famous tourist attraction in the town and is from the 12th century. There is also the Castle Holtbrinck, St. Matthew's Church, St. Katharine's Church and a special Holländer house. The main religious groups are Protestants and Catholics. During the German Refugee Crisis (2015/2016), Altena took in hundreds of immigrants and won the "National Integration Prize".

Altenau, Lower Saxony

Altenau is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is in the Goslar district. The town is in the Harz mountains. The town was originally a mining community. About 1,800 people lived there in 2020. The main religious group is Protestant and the main political parties are CDU and SPD. The town is a health resort and has the largest herb garden in Germany.

Altenberg, Saxony

Altenberg is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district. There are 20 municipalities. The main political parties are Freie Wähler Altenberg (FWA) and CDU. The population was about 7,800 in 2021. Tin mining was important in the town in Europe. Attractions include the Great Pinge ("Große Pinge"), which is collapsed mineshaft. There is also a Altenberg bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track and botanical garden Botanischer Garten Schellerhau.

Acidobacteria

The phylum "acidobacteria" is distributed across nearly all ecosystems. "Acidobacteria" are particularly abundant in acidic soils, peatlands and environments with rich iron minerals.  Most "acidobacteria" prefer acidic conditions (pH3.0-6.5) for growth, but multiple members also live in alkaline soils.

The characteristics of "acidobacteria" are gram-negative (gram staining negative), non-spore-forming and with multiple shapes. In most cases, they reproduce through binary fission (separate a body into two new parts). Most "acidobacteria" get energy from chemical substances (chemoheterotrophs), but some get it from light.

Due to the most acidobacteria's capacity to live with a low level of nutrients, "acidobacteria" are hard to culture on the conventional growth media in the laboratory. Hence, they were underrepresented until gene analysis in recent decades. Currently, "acidobacteria" have 26 subdivisions based on the results of DNA analysis.

"Acidobacteria" has a large proportion of the genes encoding proteins that can transport nutrients from the environment into cells, which facilitates "acidobacteria" to acquire a wide range of nutrients, helping them to survive in nutrient-poor environments.

"Acidobacteria" contains genes that help them in degrading sugar polymers. They can act as decomposers in soil and recycle organic matters produced by plants, fungi and insects. "Acidobacteria" is likely to supplement their energy intake with carbon monoxide(CO), but this remains to be confirmed. They significantly contribute to the carbon cycle in these two major parts: degradations of sugars and CO oxidation.

"Acidobacteria" can process nitrogen in many different forms and they play a central role in the nitrogen cycle in plant-soil ecosystems.

Some members of "acidobacteria" can do anaerobic respiration (respiration without oxygen) and promote the global sulfur cycle.

Some "acidobacteria" can breathe oxygen at atmospheric and at very low oxygen concentrations. They have survival advantages in soils with a low level of oxygen.

Some strains can consume hydrogen (H) at the atmospheric level and this contributes to the global hydrogen cycle.

"Acidobacteria" species can produce and send complex sugars to the outside of their cells , which could help plant roots uptake nutrients and water from soils by modifying the properties of soils around roots. These sugars also support bacteria to adhere to the root surfaces.

"Acidobacteria" species could actively produce important compounds that stimulate plant growth.

Altlandsberg

Altlandsberg is a town in Brandenburg, Germany. It is in the Märkisch-Oderland district. It is also 14 miles east of Berlin. The population was about 10,000 in 2020. There are six municipalities in the town. The largest political party is the SPD. Attractions include the Old Town ("Altstadt"). There is the town church St. Marien from the 13th century, a castle church from the 18th century, a town hall, a marketplace, a manor and historic barns ("Scheuneviertel") from the 19th century.

Pelodryadidae

Pelodryadidae is a family of frogs. They are named Australian treefrogs in English. They live in Australia and New Guinea. Human beings also brought them to New Caledonia, Guam, New Zealand, and Vanuatu. Some scientists say these frogs should be called a subgroup inside the group Hylidae. They call this family Pelodryadinae.

Most of the frogs in Pelodryadidae live in trees but some do not.

Scienitsts think of Pelodryadidae as a sister group to the leaf frogs (Phyllomedusidae). Those frogs live in trees and live in tropical places. Both families of frogs came from the same ancestor frog. Scientists think this frog lived during the early Cenozoic in South America. The two groups of frogs would have become different from each other during the Eocene. The ancestors of the Pelodryadidae frogs probably went to Australasia by going to Antarctica first. At the time, Antarctica was further north and not frozen, so frogs could live there. The clade comprising both families is sister to the Hylidae. They became different from the frogs in Hylidae during in the early Paleogene.

The family has 215 species in three genuses:


Enterococcus faecium

"Enterococcus faecium" is a gram-positive spherical bacterium. "Enterococcus faecium" was first discovered in 1919 and was misclassified as a different type of bacteria (Streptococci). A study in 1984 looked at its genetic material more closely and classified it as a different group of bacteria.

"Enterococci" are commonly found in the gut. They have a high tolerance to salts present in this environment. Elsewhere, they may cause infections. Infections are always related to the urinary tract or the biliary/gastrointestinal tract. Sometimes infections can lead to bacteria present in the circulating blood (bacteremia).

Hospitalized patients with weak immunity are at a great risk of "Enterococcal" infections due to prolonged use of antibiotics. "Enterococci" cause 10-15% of the infections transmitted  in a hospital that occur in the urinary tract, intra-abdomen and in the bloodstream. Among Enterococci, "Enterococcus faecalis" and "Enterococcus faecium" are the most common causative agents of human infections.

Ich ruf zu dir, Herr Jesu Christ, BWV 177

"Ich ruf zu dir, Herr Jesu Christ", BWV177 is a chorale cantata written by Johann Sebastian Bach. The title means "I call to You, Lord Jesus Christ" in English. The cantata is performed for the fourth Sunday after Trinity. It was written in Leipzig. It was first performed on 6 July 1732. The cantata is based on Johann Agricola's hymn of the same name.

In 1724, the fourth Sunday after Trinity happened on the same day as the Feast of Visitation. Bach wrote "Meine Seel erhebt den Herren", BWV 10, a chorale cantata for the Feast of Visitation. He did not write a cantata for the fourth Sunday itself. In 1732, Bach wrote BWV 177. He completed his second chorale cantata cycle. The text of the cantata is from Johann Agricola's hymn.

The cantata has five movements. The cantata is written for SATB choir, soprano, alto, and tenor soloists, a solo violin, two violins, a viola, basso continuo, a bassoon, and two oboes.


The Punisher (1989 movie)

The Punisher is a 1989 Australian-American vigilante action thriller movie directed by Mark Goldblatt and was based on the Marvel Comics' character of same name. It stars Dolph Lundgren, Louis Gossett, Jr., Jeroen Krabbé , Kim Miyori, Bryan Marshall, Todd Boyce, Brian Rooney, Nancy Everhand and was distributed by New World International.


Tragelhöchstädt

Tragelhöchstädt is a village in Uehlfeld in Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim in Bavaria in Germany.


1948 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The 1948 FIFA Youth Tournament, was the first edition of what would later be called the UEFA European Under-19 Championship, a yearly international men's football tournament organised by FIFA. It was held in England from 15 to 17 April 1948 with five different locations hosting the matches. Eight teams competed in a knockout competition with England defeating the Netherlands 3–2 in the final.

The following teams entered the tournament:

In this round the losing teams from the first round participated.


1949 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1949 Final Tournament was held in the Netherlands.

The following teams entered the tournament:

For this round received a Bye.

In this round the losing teams from the first round participated.


1950 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1950 Final Tournament was held in Austria.

The following teams entered the tournament:


For this round, and received a Bye.


1951 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1951 Final Tournament was held in France.

The following teams entered the tournament:

In this round the losing teams from the first round participated.


1952 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1952 Final Tournament was held in Spain.

The following teams entered the tournament:

For this round and received a Bye.


1953 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1953 Final Tournament was held in Belgium. Argentina was the first non-European team that entered.

The following teams entered the tournament:



1954 FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18

The FIFA Youth Tournament Under-18 1954 Final Tournament was held in West Germany. It was the last time that FIFA was going to arrange the tournament, from next year on, the UEFA would take over.

The following teams entered the tournament:


<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1955 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1955 Final Tournament was held in Italy. During this edition, only group matches were played and no winner was declared. This was done to prevent a leftover of competition. Romania, Italy, Bulgaria, Hungary and Czechoslovakia were the five group winners.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

1956 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1956 Final Tournament was held in Hungary. During this edition, only group matches were played and no winner was declared. This was done to prevent a leftover of competition. Hungary, Italy, Romania and Czechoslovakia were the four group winners.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

Horacio Rosatti

Horacio Daniel Rosatti (born August 11, 1956) is an Argentine lawyer, judge, writer, university professor and former politician, who has served as minister of the Supreme Court of Justice of Argentina since 2016 and its president since 2021.

On December 15, 2015, President Mauricio Macri, by decree, appointed him a judge of the Court; and the National Senate granted the agreement on June 15, 2016. On June 29, In 2016, he took an oath before the president of the Court, and from that moment on he was incorporated into the court. Later he assumed as president of the Court on October 1, 2021.

Rosatti graduated in law from the National University of the Littoral in Santa Fe. He is also a Doctor in History by the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina

Get On Up and Dance

Get On Up and Dance is the debut studio album by Quad City DJ’s. The album was released on June 25, 1996.

1957 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1957 Final Tournament was held in Spain.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1958 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1958 Final Tournament was held first in Luxembourg, but matches were also played in West Germany, Belgium and France.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


The Last of the High Kings

The Last of the High Kings is a 1996 Irish Danish British comedy-drama movie directed by David Keating and starring Jared Leto, Christina Ricci, Catherine O'Hara, Gabriel Byrne, Stephen Rea, Colm Meaney, Lorraine Pilkington, Emily Mortimer, Jason Barry.


Q &amp; A (movie)

Q & A is a 1990 American British crime drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the novel by Edwin Torres. It stars Nick Nolte, Armand Assante, Timothy Hutton, Jenny Lumet, Patrick O'Neal, Lee Richardson, Charles S. Dutton, Fyvush Finkel and was distributed by Tri-Star Pictures.


Zimbabwe national futsal team

The Zimbabwe national futsal team is a controlled by the Zimbabwe Football Association and made the first ever FIFA Futsal World Cup in 1989.



Daredevil: End of Days

Daredevil is a Marvel comic. It written by Brian Michael Bendis and David W. Mack.

Bartolomeo Cristofori

Bartolomeo Cristofori di Francesco (; May 4, 1655 – January 27, 1731) was an Italian musical instrument maker. He invented the piano.

Cristofori was born in Padua. Not much is known about Cristofori's early life. In 1688, he worked for Prince Ferdinando de' Medici in Florence as a musical instrument technician. He ook care of instruments for the prince. In 1716, he became the "custode" (steward) of the musical instruments. He made harpsichords and other keyboard instruments. He had his own workshop.

He started to experiment with hammer mechanisms in 1700. His earliest known piano was called (English: "A keyboard instrument which makes soft and loud sound"). The instrument became popular outside of Florence. He sold pianos to customers in Florence and Rome. Gottfried Silbermann learned of Cristofori's invention. He started to make his own pianos. Lodovico Giustini published 12 sonatas for the instrument in 1732. This was the first collection of music specifically for the piano.

Cristofori died on January 27, 1731 at the age of 75.

The Wings of a Serf

The Wings of a Serf () is a 1926 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yuri Tarich. It stars Leonid Leonidov, Ivan Klyukvin, and Safiyat Askarova.


Bed and Sofa

Bed and Sofa () is a 1927 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Nikolai Batalov, Lyudmila Semyonova, and Vladimir Fogel.


The Club of the Big Deed

The Club of the Big Deed () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. The movie is about 1825 Decembrist revolt. It stars Emil Gal, Sergei Gerasimov, and Konstantin Khokhlov.


The Diplomatic Pouch

The Diplomatic Pouch () is a 1927 Soviet silent thriller movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars M. Buyukli, A. Klymenko, and Heorhii Zelondzhev-Shypov.


The End of St. Petersburg

The End of St. Petersburg () is a 1927 Soviet drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller. It stars Alexander Chistyakov, Vera Baranovskaya, and Ivan Chuvelev.


The Forty-First (1927 movie)

The Forty-First () is a 1927 Soviet war movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Ada Vojtsik, Ivan Koval-Samborsky, and Ivan Straukh.

The Girl from a Far River

The Girl from a Far River () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov. It stars Roza Sverdlova, Vladimir Romashkov, and Pyotr Kirillov.


The Girl with a Hatbox

The Girl with a Hatbox () is a 1928 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Anna Sten, Vladimir Mikhailov, and Vladimir Fogel.


Jews on Land

Jews on Land () is a 1927 Soviet movie directed by Abram Room.

A Kiss from Mary Pickford

A Kiss from Mary Pickford () is a 1927 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Sergei Komarov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Anel Sudakevich, and Abram Room.


Little Brother (1927 movie)

Little Brother () is a 1927 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Emil Gal, Sergey Gerasimov, and Tatyana Guretskaya.


Man from the Restaurant

Man from the Restaurant () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Michael Chekhov, Vera Malinovskaya, and Ivan Koval-Samborsky.

Moscow in October

Moscow in October () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Anna Sten, Boris Barnet, and Ivan Bobrov.

The Poet and the Tsar

The Poet and the Tsar () is a 1927 Soviet silent movie directed by Vladimir Gardin and Yevgeni Chervyakov. It stars Yevgeni Chervyakov, Irina Volodko, and Konstantin Karenin.


Banco Entre Ríos

The Bank of Entre Rios () (BER) is a financial services and commercial bank based in the Entre Ríos Province has the largest territorial coverage, reaching 83 percent of the inhabitants of the district.

Founded in 1933 and under the management of the Banco San Juan Group since 2005, the bank is a tool for the international trade operations of companies in the region. It participates in trade missions and has a range of international payment and collection instruments.

It has an extensive network of branches and dependencies, which are concentrated in the area of ​​financial services to the private and public sectors.


Ernest Mandel

Ernest Ezra Mandel (); (5 April 1923 – 20 July 1995), was a Belgian Marxian economist, Trotskyist activist and theorist, and Holocaust survivor.

Wild Bill Davis

Wild Bill Davis (November 24, 1918 – August 17, 1995) was the stage name of American jazz pianist, organic, and arranger William Strethen Davis.

Edmond Jouhaud

Edmond Jouhaud (; 2 April 1905 – 4 September 1995) was one of four French generals who briefly staged a putsch in Algeria in April 1961.

2022 Illinois gubernatorial election

The 2022 Illinois gubernatorial election happened on November 8, 2022, to elect the governor of Illinois. 

Current governor and lieutenant governor J. B. Pritzker and Juliana Stratton, the Democrat nominees, won reelection to a second term. They defeated Illinois State Senator Darren Bailey and his running mate Stephanie Trussell, the Republican nominees.








Peter Brooke, Baron Brooke of Sutton Mandeville

Peter Leonard Brooke, Baron Brooke of Sutton Mandeville, (3 March 1934 – 13 May 2023) was a British politician. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He was in the Cabinet under Prime Ministers Margaret Thatcher and John Major.

He was a Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Cities of London and Westminster from 1977 to 2001.

GemIdent

GemIdent is an software that helps to recgonize images and identify regions of interest in images and photographs. It is specifically designed for images with not so many colors it them. For example, to identify oranges on an orange tree.

GemIdent was developed at Stanford University by Adam Kapelner in 2006-2007. In 2008, it was improved and gained possibility to support multispectral images.

Shailesh Vara

Shailesh Lakhman Vara (born 4 September 1960) is a Ugandan-British politician. He was the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from July 2022 to September 2022. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been a Member of Parliament (MP) for North West Cambridgeshire since the 2005 general election.


Bitplane

Bitplane is software developed of Andor Technology company for 3D and 4D image analysis. It was founded in December 1992. Bitplane works in Zürich, Belfast, and South Windsor.

Bitplane got investments in 2000. After an investment with Endeavour, Bitplane started to growing in North America. After the internet bubble in 2001, Bitplane started slowly and continuously grew in sales and profitability

Imaris is Bitplane's main product. It helps in visualization, segmentation and interpretation of 3D and 4D images. Imaris visualize images in a real time in an interactive manner so everyone can see visual assessments of experiments with 3D and 4D images. Imaris has a lot of image segmentation options and tools to segment large datasets to find, divide, and visualize various objects.

In order to explore the 3D capabilities of the confocal microscope, the instrument still had to be combined with high-end graphics computers.

Joseph Quinn (actor)

Joseph Quinn (born 1993 or 1994) is a British actor. He was born in London. He appeared on British television in "Dickensian" (2016), the miniseries "Howards End" (2017) and "Catherine the Great" (2019). He is best known for playing Eddie Munson in season 4 of the series "Stranger Things".

Steve Gibbons (politician)

Stephen William Gibbons (11 September 1949 – 22 July 2022) was an Australian politician. He was an Australian Labor Party member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1998 until 2013. Gibbons was born in Melbourne, Australia.

Gibbons died in July 2022 at the age of 72.

Autopix

Autopix is a Norwegian company that provides services and apps for image editing. Founder and CEO of the company is Erlend Bakke.

Autopix has its origins in the company 3sixtyfactory. 3sixtyfactory was founded on February 8, 2008, by Erlend Bakke in Oslo, Norway. In the same year, Rimmon Pancito joined the company, who later became Head of Production. The company provided a range of photo services, including 360 photo editing and 3D animation.

In February 2020, the company focused on editing car photos and launched a mobile application called Autopix.

In December 2021, the service began cooperation with Toyota. The same month, Autopix cooperated and integrated with CARWEB.

In 2022, Autopix merged with 3sixtyfactory under one name and rebranded as Autopix.

Fazle Rabbi Miah

Fazle Rabbi Miah (; 15 April 1946 — 22 July 2022) was a Bangladesh Awami League politician. Miah was born in Saghata Upazila, then-British India.

Miah was a member of the Jatiya Sangsad three times, from 1986 to 1995, then 1996 to 2001 and then from 2008 until his death. He was the Deputy Speaker from 2014 until his death.

In August 2021, Miah began getting treatment for stomach cancer. He died from the disease at a hospital in New York City, New York on 22 July 2022, aged 76.

Bsoft

Bsoft is a collection of software for image and molecular processing in structural biology and medicine. It has a user-friendly interface. Several workflows such as for single particle analysis and tomography are also supported.

Current Bsoft release supports such operating systems: Unix (Mac OS X, IRIX, Linux, AIX, Solaris, Tru64), OpenVMS


Núria Feliu

Núria Feliu i Mestres (21 September 1941 – 22 July 2022) was a Spanish Catalan singer and actress. She was a popular person during the Nova Cançó movement. She was born in Barcelona. She was also a Catalonia independence activist, having supported the 2017 Catalan independence referendum.

Feliu died on 22 July 2022 in Barcelona from problems caused by a stroke, aged 80.


Dwight Smith (baseball)

John Dwight Smith Sr. (November 8, 1963 – July 22, 2022) was an American professional baseball outfielder. He played for the Chicago Cubs, California Angels, Baltimore Orioles, and Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball between 1989 and 1996. He won the 1995 World Series with the Braves.

Smith died on July 22, 2022 from congestive heart failure and respiratory failure at a hospital in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 58.

Materialise NV

Materialize NV, based in Leuven, Belgium, is a company active in the field of 3D printing, offering both software and parts manufacturing.

Materialize was founded in June 1990 in Louvain2 by Wilfried Vancraen3.

In 1991, the company released the first elements of the Mimics software suite, and in 1992 the Magics software suite. The first of these suites, Mimics, transforms stacks of 2D images (eg DICOM files) into a 3D model and calculates the area of these 3D models. Initial data can be obtained by computed tomography, confocal microscopy, microtomography or microscopic tomography (micro-CT or µCT), or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) via image segmentation. 

The second, Magics, makes it possible to optimize the printing result, to simulate the process, to manage the mesh structures, to generate supports, to import data, for example in CAD formats and to export them, in particular in 3D STL files. These software suites then evolve regularly2,4.

At the same time, the company sets up web services allowing its customers to express manufacturing needs or to pilot 3D prints.

Make Way for Noddy

Make Way for Noddy is a British CGI children's musical computer-animated television series by Enid Blyton. It originally aired on Channel 5's Milkshake! in the United Kingdom for the first and the second seasons in 2002. PBS Kids & PBS Kids Sprout (2005-2010, 2012-2015) In the United States, the series got an American dub using a British voice actors by BLT Productions and Koko Studios using an American with an American accents by The Character Development and The Sound Company Ltd. on PBS Kids Sprout in 2005. Only the first 2 seasons were dubbed.


The Koala Brothers

The Koala Brothers is a stop-motion animated children’s television show.

A notable quality of the TV show is that although there can be differences of opinion and some instances of anti-social or unthoughtful behavior, there are no villains or antagonistic characters. Rather, the emphasis is on helping and being a good friend. It was originally premiered on both ABC Kids and CBeebies on 1 September 2003 until the final episode’s airing on 31 October 2007.

The show is currenlty streaming on Amazon Prime Video and KidoodleTV. Some episodes are available on "Koala Brothers TV" on YouTube channel.


Heat Waves

"Heat Waves" is a song by English indie rock group Glass Animals, released as a single from their third studio album "Dreamland" on 29 June 2020. It was released alongside its music video.

A sleeper hit, "Heat Waves" is the group's most successful single ever. In addition to reaching number five on the UK Singles Chart and being a top-five hit in several other European countries, it reached number one in Australia, Canada, Lithuania, Switzerland and the United States, where it reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 after a record-breaking 59 weeks on the chart. By September 2021, the song had been played more than one billion times on Spotify. At the 2022 Brit Awards "Heat Waves" was nominated for Best British Single.

Glass Animals

Glass Animals are an English indie rock band formed in Oxford in 2010. Led by singer, songwriter, and producer Dave Bayley, the group also features his childhood friends Joe Seaward, Ed Irwin-Singer and Drew MacFarlane. Bayley wrote and produced all three Glass Animals albums. Bayley spent his childhood in Massachusetts and Texas before moving to Oxford, where he met the other band members at school. Their first album, "Zaba" (2014), made way for the single "Gooey", which was eventually certified platinum in the United States. Their second full album, "How to Be a Human Being", received positive reviews and won in two categories at the 2018 MPG Awards for UK Album of the Year and Self Producing Artist of the Year, as well as a spot on the Mercury Prize shortlist. The third, "Dreamland", peaked at number two on the UK Albums Chart and number seven on the US "Billboard" 200.

In their live shows, they play re-worked, dance-heavy versions of their songs. Their song "Heat Waves" reached number one in Australia in February 2021 and was voted number one on the Triple J Hottest 100 of 2020. The song surpassed one billion streams on Spotify.

Lodovico Giustini

Lodovico Giustini (12 December 1685 7 February 1743) was an Italian composer, harpsichordist and organist. He is famous for having written the first pieces of music specifically for the piano.

He was born in Pistoia. His family were musicians. He became the organist at the church of S. Ignazio after his father died. He performed cantatas and wrote religious music. In 1734 he became the organist at S. Maria dell'Umiltà, the cathedral in Pistoia.

He is most famous for his set of 12 sonatas. They were published in Florence in 1732. They were meant to be played on a (English: Harpsichord of soft and strong [sound]), which is another word for the piano at that time. The sonatas have many dynamic markings. This was possible to play on the piano, but not on the harpsichord.

His Excellency (1928 movie)

His Excellency () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Leonid Leonidov, Maria Sinelnikova, and Yuly Untershlak.


Three Friends and an Invention

Three Friends and an Invention () is a 1927 Soviet silent movie directed by Aleksei Popov. It stars Sergei Lavrentyev, Aleksei Popov, and Olga Tretyakova.


Zambia national futsal team

The Zambia national futsal team is controlled by Football Association of Zambia and they are yet to feature at the FIFA Futsal World Cup.




Zombies on Broadway

Zombies on Broadway (or Loonies on Broadway in the UK) is a 1945 American horror comedy movie directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Wally Brown, Alan Carney, Bela Lugosi, Anne Jeffreys, Sheldon Leonard, Ian Wolfe, Jason Robards Sr., Darby Jones, Russell Hopton. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture

In mathematics, the Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture (often called the Birch–Swinnerton-Dyer conjecture) describes the set of rational solutions to equations defining an elliptic curve. It is an open problem in the field of number theory. It is known as one of the most challenging mathematical problems. 

An elliptic curve is a function of the form formula_1, where formula_2 and formula_3 are rational numbers.

The formula_4 values that satisfy the equation are called solutions of the elliptic curve. Sometimes these solutions are both rational, both irrational, or one rational and the other irrational. It turns out that the set of rational solutions is an abelian group. This means that given rational points formula_5 and formula_6, there is a way to produce the sum formula_7, and this is another rational point. 

In 1922, Louis Mordell proved that the set of rational solutions is a finitely generated abelian group. This means that any rational point formula_5 can be written as a finite combination of certain generating points. For example, the points formula_9 and formula_10 are generators of the rational points of formula_11.  This means that all rational points on it, even very complicated points, can be written in terms of these two points. For example, we have:

formula_12

Zambia national cricket team

The Zambia national cricket team is a team that represents the Republic of Zambia in international cricket. They were a member of the International Cricket Council from 2003 to 2021.

Osteocephalus duellmani

Osteocephalus duellmani is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Cordillera del Cóndor. This was 1910 meters above sea level.

At least one adult male frog was 48.1 mm long from nose to rear end.

This frog lives in cloud forests where the trees grow close together and there is water in the air. The scientists who caught the frog saw smaller plants growing on the trees and the trees were covered in moss.

Brown falcon

The brown falcon ("Falco berigora") is a large falcon. It is native to Australia and New Guinea.


The Whirlpool (1927 movie)

The Whirlpool () is a 1927 Soviet silent movie directed by Pavel Petrov-Bytov. It stars Tatyana Guretskaya and F. Mikhajlov.

The Yellow Ticket (1928 movie)

The Yellow Ticket () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fyodor Otsep. It stars Anna Sten, Ivan Koval-Samborsky, and Mikhail Narokov.


Your Acquaintance

Your Acquaintance () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Aleksandra Khokhlova, Pyotr Galadzhev, and Yuri Vasilchikov.


Women of Ryazan

Women of Ryazan () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Olga Preobrazhenskaya and Ivan Pravov. It stars Kuzma Yastrebitsky, Emma Tsesarskaya, and Georgi Bobynin.


Zvenigora

Zvenigora () is a 1927 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Georgi Astafyev, Nikolai Nademsky, and Vladimir Uralsky.


The Doll with Millions

The Doll with Millions () is a 1928 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Sergei Komarov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Vladimir Fogel, and Galina Kravchenko.


Don Diego and Pelagia

Don Diego and Pelagia () is a 1928 Soviet silent comedy drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Mariya Blyumental-Tamarina, Anatoliy Bykov, and Vladimir Mikhaylov.


Käthe Erfling

Käthe Erfling also written as Käte Erfling (born 18 December 1911) was a German track and field athlete specialized in the sprint events. She was a member of SV Duisburg, later Stadt SV Köln and represented Germany at international competitions.

One of the earliest representations with the national team was at the 1928 Germany–Netherlands women's athletics competition where she competed in the 100 metres and 4x 100 metres relay. In 1931 she competed with the national team in Paris, including in the 4x 100 metres. In 1932 she was part of the national team in Elberfeld. 

In 1933, Erfling started studying at University of Cologne. She competed athletics with the university and became a member of athletics club Stadt SV Köln.

Erfling won the bronze medal at the 1935 International University Games in the 400 metres event in a time of 62.1 seconds. With this time she was the fastest German women in the 400 metres of 1935, the first year official German 400 metres times were registered.

Her last achievement was in August 1938 in Mannheim setting a time of 25.9 in the 200 metres.







Montage (filmmaking)

Montage is an editing technique in film. In montage, shots are placed one after another in a sequence. The series of shots use less space and time. Montage can tell a story very fast. It can give much information in a short amount of time. In French, the word montage simply means editing. Montage is an important part of Soviet Montage Theory. Soviet theorists believed montage could create meaning and symbolism. There are several types of montage editing. Several were originally part of Soviet Montage Theory, but are common in films today.

Metric montage is not connected to emotions or a deeper meaning. It is based on the number of frames (single image in a video). It is mathematically and symmetric. This type of montage can be jarring and unpleasant. It is not often used in movies. 

Rhythmic montage cuts clips based on the actions of the images. The images are matched with what is happening. This creates continuity and makes things less abrupt. This is a common form of montage. 

Tonal montage cuts images based on the emotions of a scene. Directors place two images together to create emotions. 

Overtonal montage combines metric, rhythmic and tonal montage. The combination creates deeper emotions. 

Intellectual montage combines images to add meaning and emotions. It can often create metaphors. This type of montage creates the Kuleshov effect. 

Sports training montage is a type of montage to show sport athletes training. It often shows physical training with shortcut images appearing really fast. The time of multiple weeks or months happens in a couple of minutes on the screen. It is common in America and in East Asian martial arts films.

Earth's internal heat budget

Earth's internal heat budget is about heat that comes from the Earth itself, not heat from the Sun. 

The flow of heat from Earth's interior to the surface is estimated at 47±2 terawatts (TW). It comes from two main sources in roughly equal amounts. There is the "radiogenic heat" produced by the radioactive decay of isotopes in the mantle and crust. Secondly, there is the "primordial heat" left over from the formation of Earth.

As many people know, the deeper down you go, the hotter the Earth gets. Mine shafts are a good example of this.

This is still being produced. but its amount reduces very slowly as time passes. Remember, these radioactive elements are produced in supernovae, and are quite different from the Sun, which is mostly hydrogen. The planets are completely different from the Sun, historically and in their make-up.

Primordial heat is the heat lost by the Earth as it continues to cool from its original formation, in contrast to its still actively-produced radiogenic heat. 

The Earth core's heat flow—heat leaving the core and flowing into the overlying mantle is thought to be due to primordial heat. It is estimated as 5–15 TW. 


Cromwell, Minnesota

Cromwell is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Kettle River, Minnesota

Kettle River is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Moose Lake, Minnesota

Moose Lake is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Scanlon, Minnesota

Scanlon is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Wrenshall, Minnesota

Wrenshall is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Wright, Minnesota

Wright is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Carver, Minnesota

Carver is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Old City, Philadelphia

Old City is a neighborhood in Center City, Philadelphia. It is in the eastern part of Center City near the Delaware River. It contains many famous historic buildings from the Revolutionary Era. The most famous building is Independence Hall. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and part of the Independence National Historical Park. The Indepence Hall is where the Declaration of Independence and the US Constitution were written and signed. The famous Liberty Bell is also part of this national park. The Old City Historic District is in Old City. It includes many other historic buildings like Carpenter's Hall, Betsy Ross House and Elfreth's Alley. Christ Church is a famous historic church building. The neighborhood is also the oldest part of Philadelphia. It is where William Penn and Quakers settled.

Kimmel Center for Performing Arts

The Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts is a building for performing arts in Center City, Philadelphia. It is on the "Avenue of the Arts" street. The Kimmel Center is the main performance hall for the Philadelphia Orchestra. The Philadelphia Youth Orchestra, Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia, Philadanco and the Philadelphia Chamber Music Society also play there. There are also other performances like jazz and pop. The main hall is Verizon Hall with about 2,500 seats. The Perelman Theater is a smaller recital hall. 

Italy-Palestine relations

Italian-Palestinian relations are the international relations between the Italian Republic and the State of Palestine. Italy has a general consulate in Jerusalem, and the State of Palestine has an embassy in Rome.
After the 1967 war, Palestinian students flocked to study in Italian universities, and with it a branch of the General Union of Palestinian Students was established in Italy, which was the only Palestinian presence until 1974 when it received the delegation of the Palestine Liberation Organization under the name of “the office” at the headquarters of the League of Arab States until 1979. Nimer Hammad was the first Palestinian representative to Italy.
In 1980, Italy recognized the Palestine Liberation Organization as the representative of the Palestinian people.

After the Israeli invasion of Lebanon, PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat visited Italy and met with Italian Prime Minister Betino Craxi, and a representative office of the PLO in Italy was opened under the name of “Information and Liaison Office” and Palestinian officials were treated in their representative capacity for the PLO. In 1989, the Palestinian delegation was granted diplomatic status and Italy recognized its Palestinian General Commission.
On November 30, 2011, Italian President Giorgio Napolitano agreed to consider the Palestinian delegation a diplomatic mission and granted the status of ambassador to the head of the mission, and on January 10, 2012, Ambassador Sabri Attia presented his credentials as ambassador.

Also, on October 31, 2011, it abstained from voting in favor of Palestine's membership in the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).

In 2012, Italy voted to recognize the State of Palestine as a 2012 observer member at the United Nations.

On 27 February 2015, the Italian Parliament recognized the State of Palestine and urged the Italian government to recognize it. In 2016, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi criticized a UNESCO resolution which stated: “It demands that Israel, the occupying power, allow a return to the historical situation that existed until September 2000. Strongly deplores the continued incursion of Al-Aqsa Mosque/Al-Haram Al-Sharif by Israeli right-wing extremists. He denounces the restrictions imposed by Israel on Al-Aqsa Mosque. Reaffirms the obligation of Israel to preserve the integrity, authenticity and cultural heritage of Al-Aqsa Mosque/Al-Haram Al-Sharif, in accordance with the historical situation that existed, as an Islamic holy site of worship and an integral part of a World Cultural Heritage site. He reiterates that the slope of the Mughrabi Gate is an integral part of Al-Aqsa Mosque/Al-Haram Al-Sharif.” His country abstained from voting.

The Italian Consulate General in Jerusalem is the highest diplomatic representation of the Italian Republic to the State of Palestine. The Consulate has two offices, one in the Qatamon neighborhood and the other in the Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood in Jerusalem. Giuseppe Fidel has been the Italian Consul General since 2020.

Cinnamon teal

The cinnamon teal ("Spatula cyanoptera") is a bird in the Anatidae family.

National Institute of Statistics and Census of Argentina

The National Institute of Statistics and Censuses (; INDEC) is a decentralized public body of a technical nature that operates within the orbit of the Ministry of Economy of the Nation, which exercises the superior direction of all official statistical activities carried out in the Argentine Republic.

The INDEC produces statistical information on Argentina that can be used by governments for planning public policies. It can also be used for other research and projections that are carried out in academic and private spheres.

The individual data provided by citizens are confidential and are protected by statistical secrecy as established by Argentine Law No. 17,622.

Component-based software engineering

Component-based software engineering, or component-based software development is an idea from computer science. It says that complex systems should be made of smaller pieces, called components. Each component has a given functionality, and an interface that can be used to communicate with it. Well-designed components can be re-used. An application can then be made by combining and extending different compoents. These components will then use each other's interfaces to communicate.

El Trece Internacional

El Trece Internacional is an international subscription television channel of Argentine origin. It is the international signal of the El Trece networks from Buenos Aires, one of the main Argentine television stations, with availability for subscription television in America and Europe.

The signal was launched on April 6, 2009. Initially, the signal used to broadcast a block called Animatic TV. In August 2014, it was broadcast on the channel "Volver".

In 2014, eltrece Internacional launched its version in HD.

Since 2015, the channel broadcasts segments showing different landscapes of Argentina, called "Argentina Mía", during breaks.

In February 2018, Eltrece Internacional is incorporated into the "Cablevisión Uruguay" grid.


National Geographic (American TV channel)

National Geographic (formerly National Geographic Channel; abbreviated and trademarked as Nat Geo or Nat Geo TV), is an American subscription television channel launched by National Geographic Partners. Its programming is based on approximately 45-minute documentaries on scientific exploration, history, nature and culture, among others.

The National Geographic channels were previously mostly controlled by Fox International Channels, but due to Disney's purchase of 21st Century Fox they are now controlled by Disney and its divisions.

List of movies considered the best

This is a list of movies considered the best based on various polls. These are polls for critics and the public. Votes are subjective and can be biased.

"Sight & Sound" 100 Greatest Films of all Time 2012: 


"Time Out" 100 Best Movies of All Time: 


AFI'S 100 YEARS...100 MOVIES — 10TH ANNIVERSARY EDITION


"The Village Voice" 100 Greatest Films 


"Entertainment Weekly" 100 Greatest Movies of All Time 

IndieWire's 50 Best Movies of All Time: 


"BBC"'s The 100 greatest films directed by women: 

"Ebony"'s 1998 "Top Black Films of All Times": 


"Brussels World's Fair" of 1958 - The 12 Best Films of All Time
"Cahiers du cinéma's 100 films pour une cinémathèque idéale"
"Télérama" Les 100 meilleurs films de tous les temps: 

"Le Temps" The Fifty Best Films according to Swiss Critics


"Cinephilia.net" Critics' 10 Greatest Films 2012: 

"Steadycam" Critic's 30 Favorite Films 2007: 

"Film Magazine" Critics' Best Foreign Movies Poll: 

"Kinema Junpo" Critics' Best Foreign Movies:


"Empire Magazine" 50 Best Movies 2001: 

"Empire"'s 500 Greatest Movies of All Time 2008:
Harris Interactive Survey Poll 2008: 


"Time Out" Top 100 Films Reader's Poll 1998: 

IMDb Reader's Top 250 Movies: 

"Cinema"'s Readers Best Films of All Time 2000: 


BBC's 100 Greatest Films of the 21st Century: 


"Time Out"'s The 100 best movies of the 21st century: 


"The Gaurdian"'s The 100 best films of the 21st century


"Time Out" New York 100 Best Action Movies 2014: 


"Time Out" The 101 best action movies of all time 2022: 


"Time Out" The 100 best animated films of all time:


Animation Films in BBC's The 21st Century’s 100 greatest films: 


Greatest Christmas Films Excluding "Die Hard" by Axios and SurveyMonkey 2018:


"Empire"'s Greatest Christmas Movies 2015: 


AFI's 100 YEARS...100 LAUGHS: 


"Rolling Stone"'s Readers’ Poll: The 25 Funniest Movies of All Time 2014:


"Time Out" The 50 best gangster movies of all time: 


AFI's 10 TOP 10 Gangster Films: 


"Business Insider" Critics 100 Best Crime Movies of all Time:


Critics’ 50 Greatest Documentaries of All Time "Sight & Sound" 


"TimeOut" The 50 best fantasy movies of all time


"TimeOut" The 100 best horror movies of all time


"Empire" Magazine The 50 Best Horror Movies 


Louisiana Creole people

Louisiana Creole people are people of mixed colonial French, Spanish, African American and Native American ancestry from Louisiana. 

Louisiana Creole

Louisiana Creole is a language derived from French spoken by the Louisiana Creole people in Louisiana.

Louisiana Creole cuisine

Louisiana Creole cuisine is the cuisine of the Louisiana Creole people in Louisiana. It is influenced by French, Italian, Spanish, African, German, Caribbean, Native American, and Portuguese cuisine.

Wuthering Heights (1920 movie)

Wuthering Heights is a 1920 British silent drama movie directed by A. V. Bramble. The movie is based on the 1847 novel by Emily Brontë. The movie has the same name as Brontë's novel. It stars Milton Rosmer, Ann Trevor, Colette Brettel, Warwick Ward, Cecil Morton York, Cyril Raymond, Dora De Winton. It is a lost movie.


Osteocephalus cannatellai

Osteocephalus cannatellai is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador and Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 200 and 1290 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 38.5-57.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 62.6-72.8 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is dark green in color with light brown or dark brown marks. Its belly can be gray or creamy in color to dark brown with lighter spots. There is a light mark underneath each eye. The sides of the body are light green in color with darker marks. The bones are green in color. The iris of the eye is bronze in color with dark marks. Some frogs have bright blue color where the legs meet the body and other parts of the legs.

This frog lives near streams with rocky bottoms. People have seen it sitting on leaves and branches 0.5 to 2.3 meters above the forest floor.

Scientists named this frog after David C. Cannatella, who studied the frogs of South America and taught many other people how to study them. 

Sony Movies (Latin America)

Sony Movies is a Latin American subscription television channel of US origin, specializing in the broadcast of movies. Broadcast from Mexico City and Bogotá in Spanish, and from São Paulo to Brazil in Portuguese, it is owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment and currently distributed by Ole Distribution, a joint venture between Ole Communications, Warner Bros. Discovery and The Walt Disney Company.

Cologne, Minnesota

Cologne is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Hamburg, Minnesota

Hamburg is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

New Germany, Minnesota

New Germany is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Norwood Young America, Minnesota

Norwood Young America is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Victoria, Minnesota

Victoria is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Waconia, Minnesota

Waconia is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.

Backus, Minnesota

Backus is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Sony Movies

Sony Movies (formerly known as Sony Movie Channel from 2010 to 2021) is an American subscription television channel that launched on October 1, 2010. Owned by subsidiary Sony Pictures Television.
Sony Movies is available nationally on Philo, DirecTV and Dish Network, and regionally on AT&T U-Verse, Suddenlink, Optimum.

Sony Cine (also known as Cine Sony Televisión from 2011 to 2017 and formerly known as Cine Sony from 2017 to 2021) is an American Spanish-language pay television channel, broadcasting with dubbed movies in Spanish. It is owned by Sony Pictures Television. The channel launched in August 2012 with a focus on showcasing Hollywood blockbusters featuring dramas, comedies, and thrillers from Sony Pictures Entertainment and other partner studios. It is distributed nationwide by Comcast, Cox Communications, CenturyLink, Dish Network, DirecTV, Sling, and Verizon.

Bena, Minnesota

Bena is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Boy River, Minnesota

Boy River is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Cass Lake, Minnesota

Cass Lake is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Chickamaw Beach, Minnesota

Chickamaw Beach is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

East Gull Lake, Minnesota

East Gull Lake is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Federal Dam, Minnesota

Federal Dam is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Contact (Garau)

Contact (also known as Contatto) is a 21st-century landscape, is a painting by the Italian painter Salvatore Garau painted in 2003, a mixed technique on PVC sheet, measuring 50 x 50 cm centimeters.


"Salvatore Garau's canvases depict spaces animated by movements and pictorial events. Spaces that must be revived, experienced, filtered by emotions and identified with a scene." (Lorand Hegyi)




Galt, Missouri

Galt is a city in Grundy County, Missouri, United States.

Spickard, Missouri

Spickard is a city in Grundy County, Missouri, United States.

Tindall, Missouri

Tindall is a city in Grundy County, Missouri, United States.

Golden Beak

Golden Beak () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov. It stars A. Yefimov, Gennadiy Michurin, and Sergei Minin.


The House in the Snow-Drifts

The House in the Snow-Drifts () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. The movie is based on the short story "The Cave" by Yevgeny Zamyatin. It stars Fyodor Nikitin, Tatyana Okova, and Valeri Solovtsov.

Clinton, Missouri

Clinton is the county seat of Henry County, Missouri, United States.

Black Mama White Mama

Black Mama White Mama (also known as "Women in Chains") is a 1973 American Filipino action movie directed by Eddie Romero. It is a remake of the 1958 movie "The Defiant Ones". It stars Pam Grier, Sid Haig, Margaret Markov, Zaldy Zshornack, Eddie Gracia, Alona Alegre, Alfonso Carvajal.


The House on Trubnaya

The House on Trubnaya () is a 1928 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Vera Maretskaya, Vladimir Fogel, and Yelena Tyapkina.


Kastus Kalinovskiy (movie)

Kastus Kalinovskiy () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Vladimir Gardin. It stars Nikolai Simonov, V. Plotnikov, and Kondrat Yakovlev.


Mutiny (1928 movie)

Mutiny () is a 1928 Soviet war drama movie directed by Semyon Tymoshenko. It stars Pyotr Podvalny, Aleksey Alekseev, and .


My Son (1928 movie)

My Son () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov. It stars Gennadiy Michurin, Anna Sten, and Pyotr Berezov.


The Night Coachman

The Night Coachman () is a 1928 Soviet silent movie directed by Georgi Tasin. It stars Amvrosi Buchma, Maria Dyusimeter, and Nikolai Nademsky.


The Parisian Cobbler

he Parisian Cobbler () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Veronika Buzhinskaya, Bella Chernova, and Yakov Gudkin.

Salamander (1928 movie)

Salamander () is a 1928 Soviet-German silent drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Bernhard Goetzke, Natalya Rozenel, and Nikolay Khmelyov.


Storm over Asia (1928 movie)

Storm over Asia () is a 1928 Soviet war drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin. It stars Valéry Inkijinoff, I. Dedintsev, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


Chattahoochee Hills, Georgia

Chattahoochee Hills is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

Bice del Balzo at the Castle of Rosate

Bice del Balzo at the Castle of Rosate (also known as Bice del Balzo at the Castle of Rosate) is a 19th-century painted in oil on canvas made by Vincenzo Petrocelli, in 1840, in Venice, Italy. The artwork measures centimeters 89 x 102, it is part of the Collection of the Palace of Caserta Museum.

Taken from the novel "Marco Visconti" by Tommaso Grossi published in 1834, the scene depicted shows Bice del Balzo in the castle of her father, Count Oldrado del Balzo, in 1329. Courted by Marco Visconti but in love with Ottorino, cousin of Marco, she ends up dying from the shenanigans of this last...



East Point, Georgia

East Point is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

Hapeville, Georgia

Hapeville is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

South Fulton, Georgia

South Fulton is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

Union City, Georgia

Union City is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States.

The Great Gatsby (1949 movie)

The Great Gatsby is a 1949 American drama movie directed by Elliott Nugent and was the second version of the 1925 novel of the same name. It stars Alan Ladd, Betty Field, Macdonald Carey, Shelley Winters, Ruth Hussey, Ed Begley, Henry Hull, Howard Da Silva, Tito Vuolo and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The White Eagle

The White Eagle () is a 1928 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Vasili Kachalov, Anna Sten, and Vsevolod Meyerhold.


Arsenal (1929 movie)

Arsenal () is a 1929 Soviet silent war movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Semyon Svashenko, Georgiy Kharkiv, and Amvrosy Buchma.


Fragment of an Empire

Fragment of an Empire () is a 1929 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Fyodor Nikitin, Yakov Gudkin, and Lyudmila Semyonova.


The General Line

The General Line () is a 1929 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov and Sergei Eisenstein. It stars Martha Lapkina, M. Ivanin, and Konstantin Vasilyev.


The Happy Canary

The Happy Canary () is a 1929 Soviet silent adventure movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Galina Kravchenko, Andrey Fayt, and Ada Vojtsik.


Huckleberry Finn (1920 movie)

Huckleberry Finn is a 1920 American silent adventure movie directed by William Desmond Taylor and was based on the 1884 novel "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" by Mark Twain. It stars Lewis Sargent, Katherine Griffith, Martha Mattox, Frank Lanning, Orral Humphrey, Edythe Chapman and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


An Hour with Chekhov

An Hour with Chekhov () is a 1929 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Mikhail Tarkhanov, Mariya Strelkova, and Andrey Petrovsky.


The Lame Gentleman

The Lame Gentleman () is a 1929 Soviet silent movie directed by Konstantin Eggert. It stars Mikhail Klimov, Nikolai Aleksandrov, and L. Cherkes.

The Last Attraction

The Last Attraction () is a 1929 Soviet movie directed by Ivan Pravov and Olga Preobrazhenskaya. It stars Ivan Bykov, Yelena Maksimova, and Raisa Puzhnaya.


The Living Corpse (1929 movie)

The Living Corpse () is a 1929 German-Soviet silent drama movie directed by Fyodor Otsep. It stars Vsevolod Pudovkin, Maria Jacobini, and Viola Garden.


The New Babylon

The New Babylon () is a 1929 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Arnold Arnold, Sergei Gerasimov, and David Gutman.


Post (movie)

Post () is a 1929 Soviet animated movie directed by Mikhail Tsekhanovsky.

Turksib (movie)

Turksib () is a 1929 Soviet documentary movie directed by Viktor Turin.

Two-Buldi-Two

Two-Buldi-Two () is a 1929 Soviet movie directed by Nina Agadzhanova and Lev Kuleshov. The movie tells the story of circus performers during the Civil War. It stars Sergey Komarov, Vladimir Kochetov, and Anel Sudakevich.

Cities and Years

Cities and Years () is a 1930 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov. The movie is based on the eponymous novel by Konstantin Fedin. It stars Bernhard Goetzke, Ivan Chuvelyov, and Gennadiy Michurin.


The Civil Servant

The Civil Servant () is a 1930 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Maksim Shtraukh, Lidiya Nenasheva, and Naum Rogozhin.


Earth (1930 movie)

Earth () is a 1930 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Stepan Shkurat, Semen Svashenko, and Yuliya Solntseva.


The Earth Is Thirsty

The Earth Is Thirsty () is a 1930 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Y. Agramov, I. Aksyonov, and Kira Andronikashvili.

The Ghost That Never Returns

The Ghost That Never Returns () is a 1930 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Boris Ferdinandov, A. Filippov, and Karl Gurnyak.


Judas (1930 movie)

Judas () is a 1930 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Evgeniy Ivanov-Barkov. It stars Aleksandr Antonov, Boris Ferdinandov, and Vasili Kovrigin.

A Simple Case

A Simple Case () is a 1930 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Doller and Vsevolod Pudovkin. It stars Aleksandr Baturin, Yevgeniya Rogulina, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


The Sleeping Beauty (1930 movie)

The Sleeping Beauty () is a 1930 Soviet silent drama movie directed by Georgi Vasilyev and Sergei Vasilyev. It stars Konstantin Mukhutdinov, Varvara Myasnikova, and Nikolay Simonov.


St. Jorgen's Day

St. Jorgen's Day () is a 1930 Soviet silent comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Anatoly Ktorov, and Mikhail Klimov.


Wind in the Face

Wind in the Face () is a 1930 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Aleksandr Melnikov, Oleg Zhakov, and Zoya Gleizarova.


Alone (1931 Soviet movie)

Alone () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Trauberg and Grigori Kozintsev. It stars Yelena Kuzmina, Pyotr Sobolevsky, and Sergei Gerasimov.


Akinwunmi Ambode

Akinwunmi Ambode (born 14 June 1963) is a Nigerian politician who as served as the governor of Lagos from 2015 to 2019. Ambode was a public servant for 27 years and a financial consultant before he contested as the governor of Lagos state.

Ambode was born on 14 June 1963 in Epe General Hospital, to Mr Festus Akinwale Ambode and Mrs Christianah Oluleye Ambode. He is one of the ten children of his father. Ambode started his education at St. Jude's Primary School, Ebute Metta, Lagos State, Nigeria from 1969 to 1974, where he wrote his National Common Entrance Examinations. After his primary school education, he proceeded to Federal Government College, Warri, Delta State for his secondary school education from 1974 to 1981.

And Quiet Flows the Don (1931 movie)

And Quiet Flows the Don () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pravov and Olga Preobrazhenskaya. The movie is an adaptation of the first two books of the eponymous novel by Mikhail Sholokhov. It stars Nikolay Podgorny, Andrei Abrikosov, and Emma Tsesarskaya.


Enthusiasm (movie)

Enthusiasm () is a 1931 Soviet movie directed by Dziga Vertov.

Forty Hearts

Forty Hearts () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov.

Nail in the Boot

Nail in the Boot () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Aleksandre Jaliashvili, Siko Palavandishvili, and Akaki Khorava.

Road to Life (1931 movie)

Road to Life () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Ekk. It stars Nikolai Batalov, Yvan Kyrlya, and Mikhail Dzhagofarov.


Sniper (1931 movie)

Sniper () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Timoshenko. It stars Boris Shlikhting, Pyotr Sobolevsky, and Pyotr Kirillov.


The Thaw (1931 movie)

The Thaw () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Vera Marinich, Aleksandr Zhukov, and Anton Martynov.


Tommy (1931 movie)

Tommy () is a 1931 Soviet drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. The movie is based on the play Armoured Train 14-69 by Vsevolod Ivanov. It stars Aleksei Temerin, A. Zhutayev, and Mikhail Kedrov.


Counterplan (movie)

Counterplan () is a 1932 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich and Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Vladimir Gardin, Mariya Blyumental, and Tatyana Guretskaya.


Horizon (1932 movie)

Horizon () is a 1932 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Nikolai Batalov, Dmitriy Kara-Dmitriev, and Nikolai Gladkov.


The House of the Dead (1932 movie)

The House of the Dead () is a 1932 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Fyodorov. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Fyodor Dostoevsky. It stars Nikolay Khmelyov, Nikolai Podgorny, and Nikolai Vitovtov.


Ivan (1932 movie)

Ivan () is a 1932 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars K. Bondarevsky, Dmitry Golubinsky, and Elena Golki.


¡Que viva México!

¡Que viva México! () is a 1932 Soviet movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein.

The Conveyor of Death

The Conveyor of Death () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Ada Vojtsik, Veronika Polonskaya, and Tamara Makarova.


The Deserter (1933 movie)

The Deserter () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin. It stars Boris Livanov, Vasili Kovrigin, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


The Great Consoler

The Great Consoler () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Konstantin Khokhlov, Ivan Novoseltsev, and Vasili Kovrigin.


House of Greed

House of Greed () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Vladimir Gardin, Tatyana Bulakh-Gardina, and Nina Latonina.


My Motherland (movie)

My Motherland () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Bari Haydarov, Gennadiy Michurin, and Aleksandr Melnikov.


Outskirts (1933 movie)

Outskirts () is a 1933 Soviet war drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Sergey Komarov, Elena Kuzmina, and Robert Erdmann.


The Storm (1933 movie)

The Storm () is a 1933 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. The movie is based on play by Alexander Ostrovsky, The Storm. It stars Alla Tarasova, Ivan Chuvelyov, and Mikhail Tsaryov.


Nzema language

Nzema, also known as Nzima or Appolo, is a Central Tano language spoken by the Nzema people of southwestern Ghana and southeastern Ivory Coast. It is partially intelligible with Jwira-Pepesa and is closely related to Baoulé

Sierra Leone national cricket team

The Sierra Leone national cricket team is a cricket team that represents the Republic of Sierra Leone in cricket and were granted membership in the International Cricket Council in 2002.

When Your Love is Gone

"When Your Love is Gone" is a song by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and is the fourth single from the 1990 album Two Fires. It went to number 7 in Australia and number 17 in New Zealand.

CD single (K 10321)

Cuz I Love You

Cuz I Love You is the third studio album by American singer and rapper Lizzo. It is Lizzo's first album on a major label and was released through Nice Life and Atlantic Records on April 19, 2019. The album features guest appearances from Missy Elliott and Gucci Mane. Two singles "Juice" and "Tempo" (with Missy Elliott) were released from the album. 

The deluxe edition of the album was released on May 3. It won Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards. It includes the single "Truth Hurts". "Truth Hurts" peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. 

Chapaev (movie)

Chapaev () is a 1934 Soviet war movie directed by Vasilyev brothers. It stars Boris Babochkin, Boris Blinov, and Varvara Myasnikova.


Osteocephalus camufatus

Osteocephalus camufatus is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in two places.

The skin on the frog's back is dark green in color. It has some light brown marks on its back. Its belly has tan spots. The legs have dark marks on them.

Accordion (movie)

Accordion () is a 1934 Soviet movie directed by Igor Savchenko. It stars Zoya Fyodorova, Pyotr Savin, and Igor Savchenko.


Boule de Suif (1934 movie)

Boule de Suif () is a 1934 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Galina Sergeyeva, Andrey Fayt, and Faina Ranevskaya.


Crown Prince of the Republic

Crown Prince of the Republic () is a 1934 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eduard Ioganson. It stars Pyotr Kirillov, Yevgeniya Pyryalova, and Andrei Apsolon.


Dokhunda

Dokhunda () is a 1934 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Kamil Yarmatov, T. Rakhmanova, and Semyon Svashenko.


The Four Visits of Samuel Wolfe

The Four Visits of Samuel Wolfe () is a 1934 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Andrei Abrikosov, Viktor Kulakov, and Maksim Shtraukh.

Lieutenant Kijé (movie)

Lieutenant Kijé () is a 1934 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer. It stars Mikhail Yanshin, Boris Gorin-Goryainov, and Nina Shaternikova.


Serratia

"Serratia" – genus of Gram-negative anaerobic rod-shaped bacteria, some species of which produce a red pigment, prodigiosin. Members of "Serratia" were initially considered harmless, however, they cause infections in animals, plants, humans, and insects. The diseases include pneumonia, meningitis, endocarditis, and wound infections. The most common species – "Serratia" "marcescens", was found to be highly pathogenic to humans and animals. "S. marcescens" is included in hospital-acquired infections; found in urinary, respiratory, and gastrointestinal tracts. They cause disease mainly in individuals with weak immune system. Other species cause bone and cardiovascular system infections. 

"Serratia" genus occupies wide range of habitats, including water, both seawater and drinking water; plants, such as vegetables, mushrooms, grasses, mosses; and insects: healthy, diseased and dead. 

The discovery of "Serratia" genus began with "Serratia marcescens" species colonised food in 1819. In the city of Padula, Italy, cornmeal dish, called polenta, of many people turned red. This phenomenon was called “bloody polenta” and was believed to have a diabolical origin. The investigation began, and Pietro Melo wrote a paper where he stated that it was spontaneous fermentation. For four years Bartolomeo Bizio, a Venetian pharmacist observed small red spots which got larger and subsequently merged into a red mass. Later, in 1823, he published a paper where he stated that the organism was a fungus and named him "Serratia marcescens" (after a Florentine physicist Serafino Serrati). 

Transmission occurs hand-to-hand, through hospital equipment, such as catheters, and also sinks, blood products and antiseptics.  

"S. marcescens" species are increasingly resistant to antibiotics, they rapidly acquire resistant genes, which makes the infections difficult to treat. Gentamicin is the common antibiotic that was used to treat "S. marcescens" infections, however, bacteria became resistant to it. "S. marcescens" has the ability to produce beta-lactamase, which is the enzyme providing bacteria resistance to beta lactam antibiotics, such as penicillin. Now the treatment is more effective in a combination of different antibiotics5.  

Timeline of prehistory

The timeline of prehistory covers the time from when humans first appeared to the time writing was invented.

The Unguarded Hour

The Unguarded Hour is a 1936 American drama movie directed by Sam Wood and was based on the 1935 play of the same name by Bernard Merivale. It stars Loretta Young, Lewis Stone, Franchot Tone, Roland Young, Jessie Ralph, Henry Daniell, Aileen Pringle, Dudley Digges, Wallis Clark and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Sunderland, Vermont

Sunderland is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Winhall, Vermont

Winhall is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Woodford, Vermont

Woodford is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Barnet, Vermont

Barnet is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Burke, Vermont

Burke is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Groton, Vermont

Groton is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Hardwick, Vermont

Hardwick is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Kirby, Vermont

Kirby is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Lyndon, Vermont

Lyndon is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Newark, Vermont

Newark is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Peacham, Vermont

Peacham is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Ryegate, Vermont

Ryegate is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Sheffield, Vermont

Sheffield is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Queer Duck: The Movie

Queer Duck: The Movie is a 2006 American animated movie for adults. The movie is based on the web series "Queer Duck". It was produced by for Mishmash Media Inc. It was rated PG-13 in the United States, 15 in the United Kingdom and MA15+ in Australia. 

The movie was first broadcast on the gay-themed channel Logo on July 16, 2006. It then had a direct-to-DVD release on July 18, 2006, from Paramount Home Entertainment. On September 16, 2016, it was broadcast on Teletoon's nighttime programming block, Teletoon at Night, "Queer Duck: The Movie" shows alcohol, smoking and drug use. Profanity is used often in the movie, but Queer Duck: The Movie Is OK For 13 Year Old, but Queer Duck: The Movie Teens Should Be Fine, but Queer Duck: The Movie there lots of alcohol, smoking, and drug references in the film, and there lots of profanity too in the film, but Queer Duck: The Movie is age 13+ for teenagers.

1959 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1959 Final Tournament was held in Bulgaria.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1960 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1960 Final Tournament was held in Austria.

The following teams entered the tournament:


<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


UEFA European Under-19 Championship

The UEFA European Under-19 Championship, or simply UEFA Under-19 Championship or the UEFA Euro U-19, is an yearly football competition, challenged by the European men's under-19 national teams of the member associations of UEFA.

Spain and England are the most successful team in this competition, having won eleven titles each. England are also the current champions.

The competition has been held since 1948. It was originally called the FIFA International Youth Tournament, until it was taken over by UEFA in 1956. In 1980, it was restyled the UEFA European Under-18 Championship. Until the 1997 tournament, players born on or after 1 August the year they turned 19 years were eligible to compete. Since the 1998 tournament, the date limit has been moved back to 1 January. The championship received its current name in 2001, which has been used since the 2002 championship. The contest has been held every year since its founding in 1948, except for the period between 1984 and 1992, when it was only held every other year.

The tournament has been played in a number of different formats during its existence. Currently it has two stages, similar to UEFA's other European championship competitions. The qualifying stage is open to all UEFA members, and the final stage is battled between eight teams.

During even years, the best finishing teams qualify for the FIFA U-20 World Cup held in the next (odd) year. Currently, five teams can qualify for the World Cup, having the top two of their groups plus the winner of a play-off match between the third-placed teams of each group.

Note: 
"1954 Third place ." "1966 Title Shared between and ." "1957 Third place Shared between and ."

For certain tournaments, the official website UEFA.com subsequently named a "Golden Player". 

Honour shared.

The "Top goalscorer" award is awarded to the player who scores the most goals during the tournament. 




1961 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1961 Final Tournament was held in Portugal.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>
Three Friendly Matches were also played during the tournament.


Three Steps to Heaven (song)

"Three Steps to Heaven" is a song co-written by Eddie Cochran released in 1960 and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Ireland shortly after his death on April 17, 1960.

1962 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1962 Final Tournament was held in Romania.

The following teams entered the tournament:

The 20th participant was Brașov XI.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1963 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1963 Final Tournament was held in England. It was considered to be the 16th International Youth Football Tournament.

It was hosted by England as part of the Football Association's hundredth celebration.

A match between and (3-0) may have been related to the qualifying stage as well.

The following teams qualified for the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1964 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1964 Final Tournament was held in the Netherlands.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1965 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1965 Final Tournament was held in West Germany.

The following teams entered the tournament:

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1966 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1966 Final Tournament was held in Yugoslavia. The Soviet Union and Italy drew their final match and shared the title.

The following teams entered the tournament. Four teams qualified for the tournament (Q) and the other teams entered without playing qualification matches.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1967 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1967 Final Tournament was held in Turkey.

The following teams entered the tournament. Seven teams qualified (Q) and nine teams entered without playing qualification matches.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1968 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1968 Final Tournament was held in France.

The following teams entered the tournament. Eight teams qualified (Q) and eight teams entered without playing qualification matches.


<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1969 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1969 Final Tournament was held in East Germany.

<br>
The following teams entered the tournament. Eight teams qualified (Q) and eight teams entered without playing qualification matches.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


1970 UEFA European Under-18 Championship

The UEFA European Under-18 Championship 1970 Final Tournament was held in Scotland.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>

The following teams entered the tournament. Six teams qualified (Q) and ten teams entered without playing qualification matches.

<br>

<br>

<br>

<br>


Welcome to the Jungle

"Welcome to the Jungle" is a song by the American rockband Guns N' Roses. It featured on their debut album "Appetite for Destruction" and went to number 7 in the United States and number 6 in New Zealand.

All songs credited to Guns N' Roses except where noted

Dominik Lechner

Dominik Lechner (born 1 April 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for 2. Liga club Liefering.
He started his career with the youth team of SV Kuchl. In 2012 he came to FC Red Bull Salzburg youth. From 2019 on he was in the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In July 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering when he came on in the 65th minute for Zeteny Jano in the league match against Young Violets Austria Wien.

Lechner played for the Austrian U 17 team. He debuted in April 2022 versus Romania.

FX (TV channel)

FX is an American pay television channel owned by FX Networks, LLC. It is based at the Fox Studios lot in Century City, California. 

FX's most popular original shows include "Justified", "Damages", "Nip/Tuck", "Rescue Me", "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", "The League", "Sons of Anarchy", "The Shield", "The Strain", "Archer", "American Horror Story", "Anger Management", "The Americans", "Better Things", "Louie", "You're the Worst", "Fargo", "American Crime Story", "Legion", "Snowfall", "Atlanta", and "Welcome to Wrexham".


FXX

FXX is an American basic cable channel owned by the Walt Disney Television unit of The Walt Disney Company through FX Networks, LLC.

Mohammad Sadeqi

Dominik Lechner (born 8 January 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for 2. Liga club Liefering.
He started his career with the youth teams of his local club SV Roppen. After one year with Wacker Innsbruck he went to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In 2022 he became part of the FC Liefering squad in Austrias Second League.

Tomorrow Come Today

Tomorrow Come Today is the third studio album by Boysetsfire. The album was released on April 1, 2003.

Marionettes (movie)

Marionettes () is a 1934 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Anatoly Ktorov, Nikolai Radin, and Valentina Tokarskaya.


A Petersburg Night

A Petersburg Night () is a 1934 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal and Vera Stroyeva. It stars Lyubov Orlova, Boris Dobronravov, and Kseniya Tarasova.


The Private Life of Pyotr Vinogradov

The Private Life of Pyotr Vinogradov () is a 1934 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Macheret. It stars Boris Livanov, V. Tsishevsky, and Konstantin Gradopolov.

Three Songs About Lenin

Three Songs About Lenin () is a 1934 Soviet movie directed by Dziga Vertov.

Aerograd

Aerograd () is a 1935 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Stepan Shagaida, Sergei Stolyarov, and Yevgeniya Melnikova.


Bezhin Meadow

Bezhin Meadow () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein. It stars Viktor Kartashov, Nikolay Khmelyov, and Boris Zakhava.


Dzhulbars

Dzhulbars () is a 1935 Soviet action movie directed by Vladimir Schneiderov. It stars , , and .


Happiness (1935 movie)

Happiness () is a 1935 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin. It stars Peter Zinoviev and Elena Egorova.


Lyotchiki

Lyotchiki () is a 1935 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Ivan Koval-Samborsky, Yevgenia Melnikova, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


Red Army Days

Red Army Days () is a 1935 Soviet comedy movie directed by Alexander Zarkhi and Iosif Kheifits. It stars Nikolai Simonov, Tatiana Okunevskaya, and Yanina Zheymo.


Loss of Sensation

Loss of Sensation () is a 1935 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Alexandr Andriyevsky. It stars S.M. Vecheslov, V.P. Gardin, and M.G. Volgina.


The New Gulliver

The New Gulliver () is a 1935 Soviet animated movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko.

The Youth of Maxim

The Youth of Maxim () is a 1935 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Boris Chirkov, Valentina Kibardina, and Mikhail Tarkhanov.


Three Comrades (1935 movie)

Three Comrades () is a 1935 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Timoshenko. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Anatoly Goryunov, and Tatyana Guretskaya.


Proteus Airlines Flight 706

Proteus Airlines Flight 706 was a scheduled local flight from Lyon, France to Lorient, France. On July 30, 1998, Flight 706 collided in mid-air with a Cessna 177 light aircraft over Quiberon Bay. This disaster was known as the Quiberon Bay mid-air collision. 
The investigation revealed that the Cessna's transponder had not been switched on.

In documentation published by the Aeronautical Information Service in 1997 and 1998 and probably used by the pilot of the Cessna, the use of a transponder while operating under visual flight rules could be interpreted as optional. As a result of the transponder being off, the Cessna was not depicted on the radar screen of the Lorient approach controller and its traffic information could not be relayed to the crew of the Beechcraft.

Following this accident, the BEA recommended that pilots should only cancel instrument flight rules flight plans in cases of necessity.

Accidental Meeting (1936 movie)

Accidental Meeting () is a 1936 Soviet action comedy movie directed by Igor Savchenko. It stars Galina Pashkova, Yevgeny Samoylov, and Pyotr Savin.


Baltic Deputy

Baltic Deputy () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Mariya Domashyova, and Boris Livanov.


Beethoven Concerto

Beethoven Concerto () is a 1936 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Gavronsky and Vladimir Schmidtgof. It stars Mark Taimanov, Borya Vasilyev, and Vladimir Gardin.


By the Bluest of Seas

By the Bluest of Seas (, U samogo sinego morya) is a 1936 Soviet comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Yelena Kuzmina, Nikolai Kryuchkov, and Lev Sverdlin.


The Children of Captain Grant (movie)

The Children of Captain Grant () is a 1936 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Vaynshtok. It stars Nikolai Vitovtov, Mariya Strelkova, and Nikolay Cherkasov.


Circus (1936 movie)

Circus () is a 1936 Soviet comedy movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Lyubov Orlova, James Patterson, and Sergei Stolyarov.


Convict (movie)

Convict () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov. It stars Mikhail Astangov, Mikhail Yanshin, and Boris Dobronravov.


Bureau of Enquiry and Analysis for Civil Aviation Safety

The Bureau of Enquiry and Analysis for Civil Aviation Safety (BEA, ) is the French authority responsible for safety investigations of accidents and serious incidents involving civil aircraft.

The BEA is responsible for investigating when the event takes place in France or in International airspace and involves a French aircraft. They may also assist foreign investigation authorities at their request, in particular, BEA technical assistance is often sought by nations that do not wish to engage with the American FAA for political reasons. Representatives of the aircraft manufacturer or airline may assist the BEA as technical advisers. In addition, the BEA provides technical assistance when a foreign authority calls on its skills, most often in terms of reading flight recorders.

They are also the investigating party for all Airbus aircraft, BEA reports are made public.

Tanzania women's national under-17 football team

The Tanzania women's national under 17 football team represents Tanzania in international women's under 17 football. They have qualified for the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup for the first time in 2022 and being the first Tanzanian football team to be the World Cup in any gender. 

Kian Amorgaste

Kian Amorgaste (born 8 January 2002) is a Belgian korfball player. He is a member of and the Belgium national korfball team.

With his club he became champion in 2022. Amorgaste is since 2022 a member of the national team. With the national team he won the silver medal at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama. While Amorgaste was topscorer in the final, Belgium lost the final from the Netherlands.

His brother is korfball player . Amorgaste studies legal practice at Artesis Plantijn University College of Antwerp in Antwerp.



Sandy Ramlal

Sandy Ramlal (born 12 January 1995) is a Dutch-Surinamese korfball player. She is a member of the Dutch club KVS, Scheveningen and the Suriname national korfball team. 

With the national team of Suriname she competed at the 2022 World Games in Birmingham, Alabama. It was the first time ever a sports team from Suriname competed at the World Games, receiving wide media attention.

The father of Ramlal is from Suriname, and so she is allowed to represent Suriname.

Nisha Verwey

Nisha Verwey (born 4 January 1984) is a Dutch-Surinamese korfball player.

With her club TOP she became national champion. With the Netherlands national korfball team she became European Champion in 2010. Verwey has been a player of the Suriname national korfball team since 2017. She played with the team at the 2019 IKF World Korfball Championship in South Africa.



DWGT-TV

DWGT-TV (channel 4) is a noncommercial television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the government-owned People's Television Network. The station maintains studios and hybrid analog/digital transmitting facility at Broadcast Complex, Visayas Avenue, Brgy. Vasra, Diliman, Quezon City.

DWGT-TV broadcasts its digital signal on UHF Channel 14 (473.143 MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:
Prior to its current DTT channel frequency, PTV was previously using the UHF Channel 48 frequency (677.143 MHz; now being used by Christian Era Broadcasting Service International to broadcast Iglesia ni Cristo Television (INCTV) on analog TV) from its beginning of digital test transmission until the first half of 2015, while TV5 (through its affiliate Nation Broadcasting Corporation) was using UHF Channel 42 before it discontinued. Later on September 7, 2015, PTV moved to UHF Channel 42 frequency (641.143 MHz) until July 15, 2021.

NTC released implementing rules and regulations on the re-allocation of the UHF Channels 14-20 (470–512 Megahertz (MHz) band) for digital terrestrial television broadcasting (DTTB) service. All operating and duly authorized Mega Manila VHF (very high frequency) television networks are entitled to a channel assignment from Channels 14 to 20.

On July 16, 2021, PTV began to transmit its digital test broadcast on UHF Channel 14 (473.143 MHz) as its permanent frequency assigned by NTC.

In addition, the government's official news agency (PNA) is planning to launch its own dedicated news channel on PTV's digital subchannel. Eventually, it launched a late-night newscast called PNA Newsroom airing every midnight on PTV.





Public health emergency of international concern

A public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC) is a formal declaration by the World Health Organization (WHO) of in which an outbreak of a disease is a public health risk that can spread between many countries and need an international response. These countries have a legal duty to respond quickly to a PHEIC.

Between 2009 and 2022, there were seven PHEIC declarations: the 2009 H1N1 (or swine flu) pandemic, the 2014 polio declaration, the 2013–2016 outbreak of Ebola in Western Africa, the 2015–16 Zika virus epidemic, the 2018–20 Kivu Ebola epidemic, the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing 2022 monkeypox outbreak.

Western African Ebola virus epidemic

The 2013–2016 epidemic of Ebola virus disease, centered in Western Africa, was the most widespread outbreak of the disease in history. It caused many deaths and socioeconomic problems in the region, mainly in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. The first cases were recorded in Guinea in December 2013; later, the disease spread to Liberia and Sierra Leone, with minor outbreaks occurring in Nigeria and Mali. 

Infections of medical workers happened in the United States and Spain. Isolated cases were recorded in Senegal, the United Kingdom and Italy. The number of cases peaked in October 2014 and then began to slow down.

DZKB-TV

DZKB-TV (channel 9) is a television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the RPTV network. It is owned by Radio Philippines Network; TV5 Network, Inc., which owns TV5 flagship DWET-TV (channel 5), operates the station under an airtime lease agreement. Both stations share studios at the TV5 Media Center, Reliance cor. Sheridan Sts., Mandaluyong; while DZKB-TV's alternate studios is at Broadcast Complex, Visayas Avenue, Brgy. Vasra, Diliman, Quezon City; its analog transmitter is at the RPN Compound, #97 Panay Avenue, Brgy. South Triangle, Quezon City; and its digital transmitter located at Crestview Heights Subdivision, Brgy. San Roque, Antipolo, Rizal.

UHF Channel 19 (503.143 MHz)



DZTV-TV

DZTV-TV (channel 13) is a non-commercial television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the IBC network. It is owned and operated by the network's namesake corporate parent. The station maintains studios at the IBC Compound, Lot 3-B, Capitol Hills Drive cor. Zuzuarregui Street, Brgy. Matandang Balara, Diliman, Quezon City; Its hybrid analog and digital transmitting facility is located at 125 St. Peter Street, Nuestra Señora Dela Paz Subdivision, Santa Cruz, Antipolo, Rizal.

DZTV-TV's digital signal operates on UHF channel 17 (491.143 MHz) and broadcasts on the following subchannels:



Polio eradication

Polio eradication is the permanent elimination of the global spread of the poliovirus and the poliomyelitis (polio) it causes. Polio eradication began as a public health effort which began in 1988, led by the World Health Organization (WHO), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) and the Rotary Foundation. These organizations, along with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and The Gates Foundation, have created the campaign through the Global Polio Eradication Initiative (GPEI). Vaccinations have been seen as a key reason why polio ended.

Nigeria is the latest country to have officially stopped endemic transmission of wild poliovirus. Afghanistan and Pakistan are the only two countries where the disease is still classified as endemic.

2015–16 Zika virus epidemic

An epidemic of Zika fever, caused by Zika virus, began in Brazil and affected other countries in the Americas from April 2015 to November 2016. The World Health Organization (WHO) declared the end of the epidemic in November 2016. It is said that 1.5 million people were infected by Zika virus in Brazil. The epidemic also affected other parts of South and North America, as well as several islands in the Pacific.

Kivu Ebola epidemic

The Kivu Ebola epidemic was an outbreak of Ebola virus disease (EVD) that happened in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) in Central Africa from 2018 to 2020. Between 1 August 2018 and 25 June 2020 it caused in 3,470 reported cases. The Kivu outbreak also affected Ituri Province, whose first case was confirmed on 13 August 2018. 

In November 2018, the outbreak became the biggest Ebola outbreak in the DRC's history, and had become the second-largest Ebola outbreak in recorded history worldwide.

On 25 June 2020, the outbreak was declared ended. 

The Miracle (1991 movie)

The Miracle is a 1991 Irish British drama movie directed by Neil Jordan and starring Beverly D'Angelo, Donal McCann, Lorraine Pilkington, Niall Byrne, Cathleen Delany, Tom Hickey. It was distributed by Miramax.


Jim Dillard (gridiron football)

James Austin Dillard (December 21, 1938 – July 19, 2022) was an American Canadian football halfback. He played for the Calgary Stampeders, Ottawa Rough Riders and Toronto Argonauts. He played college football at Oklahoma State University–Stillwater. He was born in Oklahoma.

Dillard died on July 19, 2022 in Cleveland, Oklahoma at the age of 83.

DZEC-DTV

DZEC-TV, channel 25 (analog) and channel 28 (digital) is the flagship UHF television station of Philippine television network Net 25, owned by Eagle Broadcasting Corporation.

DZEC-TV broadcasts its digital signal on UHF Channel 28 (557.143MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:
In addition, Eagle Broadcasting Corporation operates its channel on DZCE-TV UHF Channel 49 (683.143MHz)




DWKC-DTV

DWKC-DTV (channel 31) is a television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of Broadcast Enterprises and Affiliated Media, Inc. Its main office is located at the 3rd floor, Globe Telecom Plaza 1, Pioneer St. cor. Madison St., Mandaluyong City, while its transmitter and master control is located at Palos Verdes Subdivision, Sumulong Highway, Brgy. Santa Cruz, Antipolo, Rizal.

DWKC-DTV currently operates on UHF Channel 31 (575.143 MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:
According to BEAM president Steve Macion, the station is expected to replace the 50 kW (4,050 kilowatt ERP) analog transmitter with a new, DTT-ready transmitter which is currently under transition and would be completed by the end of 2015. Cebu, Davao and Iloilo stations are also expected to upgrade to digital broadcast.

Aside from blocktimers, BEAM is now looking for local and foreign partnerships to allocate and generate content up to eight digital free TV channels.

In 2016, DYCT-DTV and DXKC-DTV, BEAM's stations in Cebu and Davao, respectively, conducted DTT test transmissions on UHF channel 32. DYRM-DTV, BEAM's Iloilo station, conducted its DTT test in 2017.



Zayar Thaw

Phyo Zeya Thaw ( , also spelled U Phyo Zeya Thaw Thaw or Zeya Thaw; 26 March 1981 – 23 July 2022) was a Burmese politician, activist and hip-hop artist. Phyo Zeya Thaw was arrested by the military dictatorship for his anti-government messages in his song lyrics. Phyo Zeya Thaw was a member of Pyithu Hluttaw from 2012 to 2021. In November 2021 Phyo Zeya Thaw was arrested by the Myanmar military junta and was sentenced to death in January 2022.

On 23 July 2022, Phyo Zeya Thaw and three other democratic activists were executed in Yangon, Myanmar. Phyo Zeya Thaw was 41 years old.

Michael R. Long

Michael R. Long (February 1, 1940 – July 24, 2022) was an American politician. He was chairman of the Conservative Party of New York State from December 1988 to January 2019. Long represented the Borough of Brooklyn at-large on the New York City Council from 1981 to 1983. He was a Republican. Long was born in New York City.

Long died on July 24, 2022 at the age of 82.

DZRJ-DTV

DZRJ-DTV (channel 29) is a non-commercial independent digital-only television station based in Makati City, Metro Manila, Philippines. The station is the flagship TV property of Rajah Broadcasting Network, Inc., a state media owned by Presidential Communications Office. The station's broadcast facilities, shared with its AM and FM radio sisters, are located at the Ventures I Bldg., Makati Ave. cor. Gen. Luna St., Makati; DZRJ-DTV's transmitter facility is located at Merano Street, Brgy. San Roque, Antipolo City, Rizal Province.

DZRJ-DTV began in 1993 as DZRJ-TV which operated on UHF Channel 29 using the analog NTSC-M system from 1993 to 2018.









DZRJ-TV operates on UHF Channel 29 (563.143 MHz), and is multiplexed thru the following subchannels:




Diana Kennedy

Diana Kennedy MBE (; 3 March 1923 – 24 July 2022) was a British food writer. She was known for writing English-language books about Mexican cuisine. Her best known book was "The Cuisines of Mexico". Kennedy was honored with the Order of the Aztec Eagle from the Mexican government, and was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire.

Kennedy died on 24 July 2022 at her home in Zitácuaro, Mexico at the age of 99.

DWVN-DTV

DWVN-DTV (channel 45) is a digital television station of Gateway UHF Television Broadcasting. Its studios are located at San Juan cor. Donada Streets, Pasay, while its transmitter is located at GSat Technical Facilities and Earth Station Building, First Global Technopark Complex, Lot 1910 Governor's Drive, Barangay Ulong Tubig, Carmona, Cavite.

As of December 1, 2018, the TV station's analog signal was permanently shutdown.

UHF Channel 45 (659.143 MHz)




Tamar Eshel

Tamar Eshel (; 24 July 1920 – 24 July 2022) was an Israeli politician. She was born in London, England to Israeli parents. She was a member of Alignment. Eshel was in the Knesset from 1977 to 1984. Before becoming a member of Knesset, she was the Deputy Mayor of Jerusalem.

Eshel died on her 102nd birthday on 24 July 2022 in Jerusalem.

Bob Rafelson

Robert Rafelson (February 21, 1933 – July 23, 2022) was an American movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He was seen as an important person in the New Hollywood movement in the 1970s. He was born in New York City.

His best known works were "Five Easy Pieces" (1970), "The King of Marvin Gardens" (1972), "The Postman Always Rings Twice" (1981) and "Mountains of the Moon" (1990). He also produced "Easy Rider" (1969) and "The Last Picture Show" (1971). He also produced the TV series "The Monkees".

Rafelson died on July 23, 2022 at his home in Aspen, Colorado from lung cancer at the age of 89.

Janina Altman

Janina Altman (née Hescheles), 2 January 1931 – 24 July 2022) was a Polish-Israeli chemist, writer and a Holocaust survivor. She was born in Lviv. When Nazi Germany invaded Poland, she was sent to the Janowska concentration camp. She escaped from there in 1943. She later became a writer and a chemist, working for Weizmann Institute of Science, and also at the Technical University of Munich. 

Altman died on 24 July 2022, aged 91.

Cosmic Voyage (1936 movie)

Cosmic Voyage () is a 1936 Soviet silent science fiction movie directed by Vasili Zhuravlyov. It stars Sergei Komarov, Ksenia Moskalenko, and Vassili Gaponenko.


Dawn of Paris

Dawn of Paris () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Nikolai Plotnikov, Yelena Maksimova, and Andrei Abrikosov.


Dubrovsky (movie)

Dubrovsky () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. The movie is based on the posthumously published 1841 eponymous novel by Alexander Pushkin. It stars Boris Livanov, Nikolay Monakhov, and Galina Grigoreva.


Girl Friends (1936 movie)

Girl Friends () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. The movie tells story of the friendship between three girls from Petrograd who grow up together and become nurses during the Russian Civil War. It stars Zoya Fyodorova, Yanina Zhejmo, and Irina Zarubina.


Agha Syed Hamid Ali Shah Moosavi

Agha Syed Hamid Ali Shah Moosavi (; 1930 – 25 July 2022) was an Indian Shia Islam leader. He was the patron-in-chief of the supreme Shia ullama board and president of Tehrik-e-Nafaz-e-Fiqah-e-Jafaria () from 1982 until his death. He was born in Tharparkar, then-British India.

Moosavi died on 25 July 2022, aged 92 .

Stray (video game)

Stray is a 2022 adventure game created by BlueTwelve Studio and published by Annapurna Interactive. 

The game is about a cat who falls into a walled city where robots, machines, and viruses live there. The cat's mission is to return to the surface with the help of a drone friend called B-12. The city in the game is inspired by Kowloon Walled City.

The player travels by leaping across platforms and climbing up obstacles. Throughout the game, the player must run away from the Zurks and Sentinels, both of whom will try to kill the cat.

The game was released in July 2022 to strong positive reviews.

Arizona Dream

Arizona Dream is a 1993 French-American surrealist indie comedy drama movie co-written and directed by Emir Kusturica. It stars Johnny Depp, Jerry Lewis, Faye Dunaway, Lili Taylor and Vincent Gallo. This movie was filmed in Arizona in 1991. 

The movie won the Silver Bear - Special Jury Prize at the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.

Yoko Shimada

Shimada died on 25 July 2022 at a hospital in Tokyo, Japan from colorectal cancer, aged 69.

Eduardo Mangada

Eduardo Mangada Samain (born 4 March 1932) is a Spanish politician and architect. He was born in Anna, Spain. He was an important politician in the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He was a member of the Communist Party of Spain, but was expelled from the party in 1982. 

From 1979 to 1983, he was a member of the City Council of Madrid. He was also the Deputy Mayor of Madrid from 1981 to 1982. From 1983 to 1991, he was a government official for the Community of Madrid.

Osteocephalus sangay

The Sangay casqued tree frog ("Osteocephalus sangay") is a frog in the family Hylidae. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 1551 and 1795 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 40.3–41.3 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 45.3-52.8 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is green or brown in color. It can have bumps made of keratin protein or dark marks. The tops of the legs and middle are light brown with darker brown marks. There is a large dark brown mark on the head. The sides of the head have a cream-colored stripe. There is yellow color on the skin outside the eye. The ear is green in color or dark brown in coor. The sides are light green, cream-colored, or brown with brown or black marks. The skin of the belly is brown with darker brown marks or lighter brown marks. The pupil of the eye has an olive green ring around it. The iris of the eye is bronze in color with black lines.

This frog lives in forests on the east sides of the mountains. Scientists have seen it at night, sitting on plants 2 m above the ground.

Scientists named this frog for the place they first found it: Parque Nacional Sangay. It is in Ecuador's Morona Santiago province. The word "sangay" comes from the Shuar language word "samkay." This word is for volcanoes.

Ria Simmelink

Ria Simmelink (born 1900s) was a Dutch athletics competitor who was specialized in the javelin throw but also competed in other events. She was a member of athletics club Hercules-Hebe. Simmelink was the best Dutch female javelin thrower in the 1920s, being multiple times national record holder and national champion.

Simmelink won het first javelin throw competition on 1 June 1924. The athletics association organized a men’s athletics competitions including one women’s event, the javelin throw. At the end of the month she became for the first time champion of Twente. She was selected by the athletics association of Twente to compete at the international 1924 Westfalen–Twente athletics competition in Münster. She finished in this competition third behind Erna Pröschold and another German.

In 1925 the women’s national record in javelin throw was introduced. Simmelink set the first javelin throw national record, after winning the javelin throw event at the national competition in Hengelo with a distance of 28.24 metres on 26 July 1925. In 1926, she became again javelin throw champion of Twente. She also won the bronze medal in the 100 metres, losing from Bets ter Horst. She improved her own national record on 24 July 1927 at the championships of Twente. A year later on 2 September 1928, she became Dutch national champion, beating her own national record with a distance 29.31 metres. She lost her record to Leny Rombout on 15 July 1929.

Ptychohyla

Ptychohyla is a genus. It is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. They are called stream frogs or mountain stream frogs in English. These frogs live in southern Mexico and Central America. They live in the states of Chiapas, Guerrero, and Oaxaca and all the way south to Panama.

These species are in "Ptychohyla":



Society Hill

</ref><nowiki>}}</nowiki>

Society Hill is a historic neighborhood in Center City, Philadelphia. It is one of the oldest part of Philadelphia along with Old City. The area was settled in the 1680s. It is one of the most expensive neighborhoods in Philadelphia. Society Hill has the largest number of 18th- and early 19th-century buildings in an area. It is famous for its Franklin street lamps, brick sidewalks, cobblestone and Belgian block streets.

List of programs broadcast by The CW

This is a list of programs broadcast by The CW. Some programs were broadcast on UPN and The WB. The networks merged with the CW when the networks ceased broadcasting.

José Luis Rodríguez

José Luis Rodríguez González (Caracas, January 14, 1943), also known as El Puma, is a Venezuelan singer, actor, businessman and music producer.

José Luis Rodríguez was born in Caracas, Venezuela to José Antonio Rodríguez from the Canary Islands, Spain and Ana González a Venezuelan housewife. 

His father died in 1949 when José Luis was just 6 years old. His mother was an activist of the Acción Democrática party, so during the dictatorship of Marcos Pérez Jiménez he decided to go into exile in Guayaquil, Ecuador with his two youngest children. Upon his return, José Luis entered the Escuela Técnica Industrial de Caracas, where he studied as an electrical technician.

He underwent a double lung transplant due to pulmonary fibrosis in 2018.
Stannard, Vermont

Stannard is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Walden, Vermont

Walden is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Waterford, Vermont

Waterford is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Wheelock, Vermont

Wheelock is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States.

Bolton, Vermont

Bolton is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Tanzania national cricket team

The Tanzania national cricket team is a men's team that represents the United Republic of Tanzania in international cricket. They have been a member of the International Cricket Council since 2001.

Mario Pejazic

Mario Pejazic (born 21 January 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a left back for 2. Liga club Liefering. 
He started his career with SK Vorwärts Steyr and went on to LASK Linz. From 2018 to 2022 he played for the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. 2022 he was promoted to FC Liefering. His debut for Liefering was in July 2022 , when he started in the first round of Second league versus Young Violets Austria Wien.

He also played for Austria U 15 and U17 national team.

La Vèze

La Vèze () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.


Le Moutherot

Le Moutherot () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is from Besançon, Dole, and Gray between the rivers Ognon and Doubs.

On a top of a hill, the village offers a view on fields, forests. In bright weather Mont Blanc, the Mount Poupet, and the "Ballon of Alsace" can be seen.



Le Puy, Doubs

Le Puy () is a commune in the department of Doubs in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The village of Le Puy is from Besançon on Route D115 and north of Roulans. It is close to its intersection with the D336 on the east and the A36 on the west.

The inhabitants of Le Puy are known as "Puylots".

The village is nicknamed "le Puits" (French: "the Well") on the Cassini map. The French "le Puy" usually connects to the Provençal word "Puech" (an isolated hill). Here, as the Cassini map shows, it refers to the local wells.


All sites are in French, unless otherwise indicated.

Le Vernoy

Le Vernoy () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.


Lizine

Lizine () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The village is built on a plateau between the Loue and the Lison rivers.



Lombard, Doubs

Lombard () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.



Lomont-sur-Crête

Lomont-sur-Crête (, literally "Lomont on Ridge") is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.



Lougres

Lougres () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

Lougres is southwest of Montbéliard.

The commune takes its name from the stream that runs through it, from its source to the river Doubs.



The Goalkeeper (1936 movie)

The Goalkeeper () is a 1936 Soviet musical comedy movie directed by Semyon Timoshenko. It stars Grigory Pluzhnik, Tatyana Guretskaya, and Lyudmila Glazova.


Journey to Arzrum (movie)

Journey to Arzrum () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Moisei Levin. It stars Dmitry Zhuravlyov, Serafim Azanchevsky, and Konstantin Khokhlov.


The Last Night (1936 movie)

The Last Night () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Ivan Pelttser, Mariya Yarotskaya, and Nikolai Dorokhin.


Late for a Date

Late for a Date () is a 1936 Soviet comedy movie directed by Mikhail Verner and og Sergei Sidelyov. It stars Boris Petker, Mikhail Rostovtsev, and Mariya Barabanova.


The Nightingale (1936 movie)

The Nightingale () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Ekk. It stars Valentina Ivashova, Z. Kashkarova, and Nikolai Ekk.


Party Membership Card

Party Membership Card () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Andrei Abrikosov, Anatoliy Goryunov, and Igor Maleyev.


The Miracle Worker (1936 movie)

The Miracle Worker () is a 1936 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin. It stars Leonid Alekseev, Tatyana Barysheva, and Zinaida Bokareva.

The Sailors of Kronstadt

The Sailors of Kronstadt () is a 1936 Soviet war drama movie directed by Efim Dzigan. It stars Vasiliy Zaychikov, Georgi Bushuyev, and Nikolay Ivakin.


The Thirteen

The Thirteen () is a 1936 Soviet action movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Ivan Novoseltsev, Yelena Kuzmina, and Aleksandr Chistyakov.


Seekers of Happiness

Seekers of Happiness () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Korsch-Sablin.

Seven Brave Men

Seven Brave Men () is a 1936 Soviet action drama movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. It stars Nikolay Bogolyubov, Tamara Makarova, and Ivan Novoseltsev.


Son of Mongolia

Son of Mongolia () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Trauberg. It stars Tse-Ven Rabdan, Igin-Khorlo, and Susor-Barma.


Without a Dowry (movie)

Without a Dowry () is a 1936 Soviet drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. The movie is based on Alexander Ostrovsky's play Without a Dowry (1878). It stars Nina Alisova, Olga Pyzhova, and Anatoly Ktorov.


The Ballad of Cossack Golota

The Ballad of Cossack Golota () is a 1937 Soviet action drama movie directed by Igor Savchenko. It stars Konstantin Nassonov, Leonid Shekhtman, and Konstantin Tyrtov.


The Defense of Volotchayevsk

The Defense of Volotchayevsk () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasilyev brothers. It stars Varvara Myasnikova, Nikolai Dorokhin, and Lev Sverdlin.


Essex, Vermont

Essex is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Benay Venuta

Benay Venuta (born Benvenuta Rose Crooke, January 27, 1910 – September 1, 1995) was an American actress, singer and dancer.

Mohamed Sedki Sulayman

Mohamed Sedki Sulayman (1919 – 28 March 1996) was an Egyptian politician and Prime Minister of Egypt from 10 September 1966 to 19 June 1967.

Between 1962 and 1966, he was the minister supervising the building of the Aswan High Dam.

Valentin Oelz

Valentin Oelz (born 24 April 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Second League club Liefering.

His career began with his local club ASKÖ SC Kirchberg-Thening. In 2018 he went on to the LASK Academy. In 2022 he went on to FC Liefering. 

Oelz played for the Austrian U17 national team.

Lenin in October

Lenin in October () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm and Dmitri Vasilyev. The movie portrays the activities of Lenin at the time of the October Revolution. It stars Boris Shchukin, Nikolay Okhlopkov, and Vasili Vanin.


The Lonely White Sail

The Lonely White Sail () is a 1937 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Legoshin. It stars Igor But, Boris Runge, and Aleksandr Melnikov.


Lullaby (1937 movie)

Lullaby () is a 1937 Soviet movie directed by Dziga Vertov.

Marriage (1936 movie)

Marriage () is a 1936 Soviet comedy movie directed by Erast Garin and Khesya Lokshina. The movie is based on eponymous play by Nikolay Gogol. It stars Erast Garin, Stepan Kayukov, and Aleksei Matov.


The Miners

The Miners () is a 1937 Soviet comedy movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Boris Poslavsky, Yuriy Tolubeev, and Vladimir Lukin.

Peter the Great (1937 movie)

Peter the Great () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Nikolai Simonov, Mikhail Zharov, and Nikolay Cherkasov.


Pugachev (1937 movie)

Pugachev () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Pavel Petrov-Bytov. It stars Konstantin Skorobogatov, Kasim Mukhutdinov, and Yakov Malyutin.


The Return of Maxim

The Return of Maxim () is a 1937 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Boris Chirkov, Valentina Kibardina, and Anatoli Kuznetsov.


Alexander Nevsky (movie)

Alexander Nevsky () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Nikolay Okhlopkov, and Andrei Abrikosov.


The Bear (1938 movie)

The Bear () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Olga Androvskaya, Mikhail Zharov, and Ivan Pelttser.


Tobi Amusan

Oluwatobiloba Ayomide Amusan (born 23 April 1997) is a Nigerian track and field athlete. She is very good in short races like 100 meter and 100 meter hurdles. Tobi Amusan won the 2022 World Athletics Championships in the 100 meters hurdles. she set a new record of 12.12 seconds in the semi-finals and also improved her time again in the final, running a wind-aided 12.06 seconds to win the gold medal. Tobi was the 2018 Commonwealth, 2018 African champion and she is also a two-time African Games champion in the event. She won the Diamond League Trophy in Zurich in 2021 in the 100m hurdles.

Oluwatobiloba born on 23 April, 1997, in Ijebu Ode, Ogun State, Nigeria. Her Parent are Mr. and Mrs. Amusan who were school teachers. Tobi, as she is fondly called, is the last child of the three siblings. She had her secondary school education at Our Lady of Apostles Secondary School, Ijebu Ode, Ogun state.

Tobi has always been doing well since the early stage of her career as an athlete. She was a silver medallist at the 2013 African Youth Championships in Warri. She also won gold medal in the 100 metres hurdles at the 2015 African Junior Athletics Championships in Addis Ababa.

The Childhood of Maxim Gorky

The Childhood of Maxim Gorky () is a 1938 Soviet movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Aleksei Lyarsky, Varvara Massalitinova, and Mikhail Troyanovsky.


Doctor Aybolit (movie)

Doctor Aybolit () is a 1938 Soviet family movie directed by Vladimir Nemolyayev. It stars Maksim Shtraukh, Anna Semionovna, and Igor Arkadin.


Friends (1938 movie)

Friends () is a 1938 Soviet movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. The movie is based on the life of Sergey Kirov. During the Russian Civil War, the Communist Party of the Soviet Union sends Aleksey to Caucasus Mountains to help organize an armed uprising. It stars Boris Babochkin, Irina Zarubina, and Nikolai Cherkasov.


The Great Citizen

The Great Citizen () is a 1938 Soviet movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Nikolay Bogolyubov, Ivan Bersenev, and Oleg Zhakov.


If War Comes Tomorrow

If War Comes Tomorrow () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Lazar Antsi-Polovsky, Georgy Beryozko and Yefim Dzigan. It stars Inna Fyodorova, Vsevolod Sanayev, and Serafim Kozminsky.


Komsomolsk (movie)

Komsomolsk () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Pyotr Aleynikov, Sergei Gerasimov, and Yevgeniya Golynchik.


The Man with the Gun

The Man with the Gun () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Maksim Shtraukh, Mikheil Gelovani, and Boris Tenin.


The New Moscow

The New Moscow () is a 1938 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin and Aleksandr Olenin. It stars Daniil Sagal, Nina Alisova, and Mariya Barabanova.


Peat-Bog Soldiers

Peat-Bog Soldiers () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Macheret. It stars Oleg Zhakov, S. Shirokova, and Ivan Kudryavtsev.


Professor Mamlock (1938 movie)

Professor Mamlock () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Herbert Rappaport and Adolf Minkin. It stars Semyon Mezhinsky, E. Nikitina, and Oleg Zhakov.


Treasure Island (1938 movie)

Treasure Island () is a 1938 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Vaynshtok. It stars Klavdiya Pugachova, Osip Abdulov, and Mikhail Klimov.


Victory (1938 movie)

Victory () is a 1938 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Doller and Vsevolod Pudovkin. It stars Yekaterina Korchagina-Aleksandrovskaya, Vladimir Solovyov, and S. Ostroumov.


Drill music

Drill is a subgenre of trap music that originated in Chicago streets in the late 2000s. It grew into the American mainstream around 2012 after the success of rappers and producers like Chief Keef, Lil Durk, Lil Reese, Fredo Santana, Young Chop, G Herbo, Lil Bibby, King Louie, and King Von who had many local fans and a significant internet appearance. Media attention and the signing of drill musicians to major labels followed. Artists within the genre have been noted for their style of lyricism and association with crime in Chicago.

The Great Outdoors (movie)

The Great Outdoors is a 1988 American comedy movie directed by Howard Deutch and starring John Candy, Dan Aykroyd, Annette Bening (in her movie debut), Stephanie Faracy, Chris Young, Lucy Deakins, Lewis Arquette. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Cathelijn Peeters

Cathelijn Peeters (born 6 November 1996) is a Dutch athlete, specialized in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles. She became three times national champion.

After winning bronze at the 2019 Dutch Athletics Championships she became national champion at the 2020 Dutch Athletics Championships, 2021 Dutch Athletics Championships and 2022 Dutch Athletics Championships. Her niece Silke Peeters is also a hurdler, who won the bronze medal in 2020 and the silver medal in 2021 behind Cathelijn Peeters.

In 2022, Peeters improved in the 400 metres. As a result she was selected to compete at the 2022 World Athletics Championships in the 4 × 400 metres relay event. During the heats Peeters dropped the baton and so they were disqualified.

Salaam TV (Philippine TV channel)

Salaam TV was a Philippine government-owned Islamic channel owned by the Presidential Communications Office through the People's Television Network (PTV). The channel's main programming is solely focused on Filipino Muslims and other Islamic communities in the country. At present, the channel is on test broadcast via digital terrestrial television on PTV's digital subchannel (via UHF 14) and Expand to cable television on SkyCable and Destiny Cable Channel 4 depending on the digital boxes' channel availability from 12 noon to 8:00 p.m. It was also the second Islamic television network based in the Philippines, following the launch of Davao-based Islamic cable channel Mensahe TV.

The Zoo (song)

"The Zoo" is a 1980 hard rock song by the Scorpions and under-performed the music charts peaking at number 75 in the United Kingdom.

1924 Westphalia–Twente athletics competition

The 1924 Westphalia–Twente athletics competition was the second international athletics competition between athletes of Westphalia, Germany and Twente, the Netherlands. The competition was held in Münster, Germany on 24 August 1924 at the sport field at the Hohenzollernring. The competition included 10 events for men and 3 events for women.

The competition was won by the Germany with 78.5 points versus the Netherlands with 61.5 points.

After the competitions the teams and officials had a dinner together. Afterwards the Dutch team returned home by train.

The Dutch athlethes selected by the Twente athletics association were published on 21 August 1924.

The Dutch team arrived in the morning of the competition at 10 am. by train. They were given a tour of the city of Münster. After the tour there was a joint lunch.

In each individual event two athletes of each team competed. In the relay event the two teams competed against each other. The winner of each event received the most points, with less points for every other place. For the overall classication all points from each teams are added together.

The competitions started at 3:00 pm. During the competition the weather conditions were bad. Due to the bad weather there were not many spectators.


Source:


Volga-Volga

Volga-Volga () is a 1938 Soviet comedy movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Lyubov Orlova, and Vladimir Volodin.


Wish upon a Pike

Wish upon a Pike () is a 1938 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Pyotr Savin, Maria Kravchunovskaya, and Georgy Millyar.


A Girl with a Temper

A Girl with a Temper () is a 1939 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Valentina Serova, Emma Tsesarskaya, and Andrei Tutyshkin.


Commandant of the Bird Island

Commandant of the Bird Island () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Pronin. It stars Leonid Kmit, Nikolai Dorokhin, and Nikolay Gorlov.


Courage (1939 movie)

Courage () is a 1939 Soviet adventure movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Dmitry Dudnikov, and Konstantin Sorokin.


Karl Kehrle

Karl Kehrle OSB OBE (3 August 1898, Mittelbiberach, Germany – 1 September 1996, Buckfast, Devonshire, England, United Kingdom), known as Brother Adam, was a Benedictine monk, beekeeper, and an authority on bee breeding, Developer of the Buckfast bee.

Doctor Kalyuzhnyy

Doctor Kalyuzhnyy () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Erast Garin. It stars Boris Tolmazov, Mariya Barabanova, and Yuriy Tolubeev.


South Africans

South Africans are a ethnic group and nation native to South Africa. The majority of the White South African population is Afrikaans, with the remainder of them being of British or European descent. The Coloured population have a mixed lineage. They descend from the indigenous Khoisan people and White settlers. Most of the Coloured population live in the Northern and Western Cape Provinces in South Africa, while the majority of the Indian population live in KwaZulu-Natal. The Afrikaner population is concentrated in the Gauteng and Free State Provinces.

Engineer Kochin's Error

Engineer Kochin's Error () is a 1939 Soviet thriller movie directed by Aleksandr Macheret. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Sergey Nikonov, and Lyubov Orlova.


The Golden Key (1939 movie)

The Golden Key () is a 1939 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Aleksandr Shchagin, Sergey Martinson, and Olga Shaganova-Obraztsova.


Gorky 2: My Apprenticeship

Gorky 2: My Apprenticeship () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Aleksei Lyarsky, Irina Zarubina, and Varvara Massalitinova.


Laurie Sawle

Lawrence Michael Sawle AM (19 August 1925 – 26 July 2022) was an Australian first-class cricketer and administrator for the Australia national cricket team. Sawle was born in East Fremantle, Western Australia. He played for the Western Australia cricket team from 1954 to 1955 and from 1960 to 1961.

He died in Perth, Western Australia on 26 July 2022, aged 96.

Lenin in 1918

Lenin in 1918 () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Boris Shchukin, Mikheil Gelovani, and Nikolay Bogolyubov.


Man in a Shell

Man in a Shell () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Nikolay Khmelyov, Mikhail Zharov, and Olga Androvskaya.


Member of the Government

Member of the Government () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Vera Maretskaya, Vasili Vanin, and Nikolay Kryuchkov.


Minin and Pozharsky (movie)

Minin and Pozharsky () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller. The movie is about the Time of Troubles, Russia's struggle for independence led by Dmitry Pozharsky and Kuzma Minin against the Polish invasion in 1611–1612. It stars Aleksandr Khanov, Boris Livanov, and Boris Chirkov.


Roma people in Denmark

There is a small Roma population in Denmark. The Council of Europe estimates that there are around 5,500 Roma living in Denmark (0.1% of the Danish population).



The New Teacher

The New Teacher () is a 1939 Soviet comedy drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Boris Chirkov, Tamara Makarova, and Lyudmila Shabalina.


The Oppenheim Family

The Oppenheim Family () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Vladimir Balashov, Joseph Tolchanov, and Ada Wójcik.


Squadron No. 5

Squadron No. 5 () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Yuri Shumsky, Nikolai Garin, and Boris Bezgin.


Tractor Drivers

Tractor Drivers () is a 1939 Soviet comedy drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Marina Ladynina, Nikolay Kryuchkov, and Boris Andreyev.


Shchors (movie)

Shchors () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Yevgeny Samoylov, Ivan Skuratov, and Luka Lyashenko.


Domari people in Israel

About 1,500 Dom reside in Israel. They are the poorest community in Israel. They speak Domari language and Arabic. They practice Islam.

Roma people in New Zealand

There is a small Roma population in New Zealand. Approximately 1,500 – 3,000 Roma reside in New Zealand.

Roma people in Latvia

The Roma population in Latvia is small. According to data from the population register of the Office for Citizenship and Migration Affairs there were 7,456 Romani individuals residing in Latvia as at 1 January 2017, comprising 0.3% of the total Latvian population.

Stepan Razin (movie)

Stepan Razin () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pravov and Olga Preobrazhenskaya. It stars Andrei Abrikosov, Vladimir Gardin, and Elena Kondratyeva.


The Vyborg Side

The Vyborg Side () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Boris Chirkov, Valentina Kibardina, and Mikhail Zharov.


Vasilisa the Beautiful (1940 movie)

Vasilisa the Beautiful () is a 1940 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Alexander Rou. It stars Georgy Millyar, Sergey Stolyarov, and Lev Potyomkin.


Virgin Soil Upturned (1939 movie)

Virgin Soil Upturned () is a 1939 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Gavriil Belov, Sergei Blinnikov, and Mikhail Bolduman.


The Beloved (1940 movie)

The Beloved () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Marina Ladynina, Vsevolod Sanaev, and Leonid Kmit.


Mexican diaspora

There is a large Mexican diaspora in the United States. Many Mexicans in the United States live in Texas and California. Los Angeles has the largest Mexican population by metropolitan area. There is also a substantial Mexican population in Canada, Spain, Guatemala and Germany.

Disappearance of 'The Eagle'

Disappearance of 'The Eagle' () is a 1940 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vasily Zhuravlyov. It stars Nikolai Annenkov, Viktor Gromov, and Sergey Stolyarov.


The Foundling (1940 movie)

The Foundling () is a 1940 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich. It stars Veronika Lebedeva, Faina Ranevskaya, and Pyotr Repnin.


Gorky 3: My Universities

Gorky 3: My Universities () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Nikolai Valbert, Stepan Kayukov, and Nikolai Dorokhin.


The Law of Life (movie)

The Law of Life () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper and Boris Ivanov. It stars Daniil Sagal, Aleksandr Lukyanov, and Oswald Glazunov.


Musical Story

Musical Story () is a 1940 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky and Gerbert Rappaport. It stars Sergei Lemeshev, Zoya Fyodorova, and Nikolai Konovalov.


My Love (1940 movie)

My Love () is a 1940 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vladimir Korsh. It stars Lidiya Smirnova, Ivan Pereverzev, and Vladimir Chobur.


Siberians (movie)

Siberians () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Aleksandra Kharitonova, Aleksandr Kuznetsov, and Aleksandr Pupko.


Salavat Yulayev (movie)

Salavat Yulayev () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Arslan Muboryakov, Mikhail Bolduman, and Sergei Blinnikov.

Tanya (1940 movie)

Tanya () is a 1940 Soviet comedy movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Lyubov Orlova, Yevgeny Samoylov, and Elena Tyapkina.


Timur and His Team

Timur and His Team () is a 1940 Soviet action movie directed by Aleksandr Razumny. It stars Liviy Shchipachyov, Pyotr Savin, and Lev Potyomkin.


Cloud forest stream frog

The cloud forest stream frog ("Ptychohyla euthysanota") is a frog. It lives in Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador. It lives on the Pacific side (west side) of the mountains. People have seen this frog between 600 and 2200 meters above sea level.

Yakov Sverdlov (movie)

Yakov Sverdlov () is a 1940 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. The movie tells about the life and work of the Chairman of the Central Executive Committee Yakov Sverdlov. It stars Leonid Lyubashevsky, Maksim Shtraukh, and Andro Kobaladze.


Anton Ivanovich Is Angry

Anton Ivanovich Is Angry () is a 1941 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Nikolai Konovalov, Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


The Artamonov Business (movie)

The Artamonov Business () is a 1941 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Sergei Romodanov, Tamara Chistyakova, and Mikhail Derzhavin Sr..


Dream (1941 movie)

Dream () is a 1941 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Yelena Kuzmina, Vladimir Solovyov, and Vladimir Shcheglov.


Four Hearts (1941 movie)

Four Hearts () is a 1941 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Valentina Serova, Yevgeny Samoylov, and Lyudmila Tselikovskaya.


The Girl from Leningrad

The Girl from Leningrad () is a 1941 Soviet adventure movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Zoya Fyodorova, Mariya Kapustina, and Olga Fyodorina.


The Humpbacked Horse (1941 movie)

The Humpbacked Horse () is a 1941 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Pyotr Aleynikov, Georgy Vinogradov, and Marina Kovalyova.


In the Rear of the Enemy

In the Rear of the Enemy () is a 1941 Soviet war movie directed by Yevgeni Shneider. It stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Aleksandr Grechanyy, and Pavel Shpringfeld.

The film takes place in the winter of 1940 during the Soviet-Finnish War. Three Soviet intelligence officers penetrated the rear of the enemies who left it. Then the Red Army men disguised themselves and established a telephone connection with the headquarters. And suddenly the Finns appear.

Masquerade (1941 movie)

Masquerade () is a 1941 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. The movie is based on the eponymous play by Mikhail Lermontov. It stars Nikolay Mordvinov, Tamara Makarova, and Mikhail Sadovsky.


Mysterious Island (1941 movie)

Mysterious Island () is a 1941 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Eduard Pentslin. It stars Andrey Andriyenko-Zemskov, Yuri Grammatikati, and Pavel Kiyansky.


Thomas Sageder

Thomas Sageder (* born 5 September 1983) is an Austrian football manager.

Sageder started with the youth of SV Riedau. 2008/2009 he was coach of the youth of FC Red Bull Salzburg. The next season he became assistance coach of Andreas Milot in the SV Ried Academy.

In 2010 and 2011 he was coach of the Red Bull Academy in Ghana. In 2011 he became the assistance coach of the 2nd league team FC Blau-Weiß Linz. After their relegation he became the assistance coach of Oliver Glasner with SV Ried in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Glasner went to LASK so in May 2015 he became caretaker together with Ewald Brenner till the end of the season. In December 2015 he left SV Ried.

In the 2016/17 season he trained SV Wallern in the 4th league. In December 2017 he came back to FC Blau-Weiß Linz as head coach. 2019 he resigned after four losses in a row.

In the 2019/20 season he was assistance coach to Oliver Glasner with VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.

In the 2021/22 season he was assistance coach to Fabio Ingolitsch in the Red Bull Academy U18. Together with Ingolitsch he went to FC Liefering in the 2022/23 season. After the season Sageder left Liefering and became head coach of LASK in the Bundesliga

Suvorov (movie)

Suvorov () is a 1941 Soviet drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Mikhail Doller. The movie is based on the life of Russian general Alexander Vasilyevich Suvorov (1729 – 1800), one of the few great generals in history who never lost a battle. It stars Nikolai Cherkasov-Sergeyev, Aleksandr Khanov, and Mikhail Astangov. This movie is most notable for its quote by Kyrzchev, "собаки очень плохо пахнут", which roughly translates to "the dogs smell very foul."


1923 Twente–Westphalia athletics competition

The 1923 Twente–Westphalia athletics competition was an international athletics competition between athletes of Westphalia, Germany and Twente, the Netherlands. The competition was held at the in Enschede, the Netherlands on 8 July 1923. The competition included in total 15 events: 11 events for men and 4 events for women. The competition was the first Twente–Westphalia athletics competition. It was hosted a year after an athletics competition of national teams of the Netherlands and Germany in Enschede.

The competition was won by the Westphalia with 78 points versus Twente with 66 points.

Requests were made to include attempts to break Dutch records. This was approved by the chairman of the Dutch athletics association who was present. Harke (Olympia-Hengelo) broke the national record in the women's long jump with a distance of with 4.67 metres, beating the previous record of 4.55 from Annie van de Blankevoort. Franken (Hercules Hebe-Enschede) broke the women's 80 metres record with a time of with 10.5 seconds, beating the previous record of 10.7 seconds also from Annie van de Blankevoort.

In the four weeks ahead of the competition, the selection group of Twente trained with national athletics trainer Hjertberg.

In each individual event two athletes of each team competed. In the relay event the two teams competed against each other. The winner of each event received 4 points, with 3, 2 and 1 point for the other positions. For the overall classication all points from each teams are added together.

According to the newspapers the competition were held in "tropical heat". 


Source:

Source:


Snowy egret

The snowy egret ("Egretta thula") is a bird in the Ardeidae family.

Verrucomicrobiota

The phylum Verrucomicrobia is made up of six groups of gram-negative, spherical or rod-shaped bacteria that consume other plants or animals for energy and nutrients (heterotrophic). They are distributed throughout freshwater, marine, and soil habitats, as well as vertebrae digestive tracts including those of humans. The bacteria within this group exist as a free-living organisms or symbiont (organisms that live in close physical association) with eukaryotic hosts from nematode worms and marine sponges to the gut of sea cucumber, clam worm, and humans.

Members of the "Verrucomicrobia" phylum (group) are a part of the Planctobacteria (PVC) superphylum, along with its “sister groups”; "Chlamydiae" and "Lentisphaerae." Verrucomicrobia is distinguished from these other groups by a unique genetic change.

Diane Hegarty

Diane Hegarty (July 10, 1942 – July 23, 2022) was an American satanist. She was the co-founder of the Church of Satan. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. She was the High Priestess of the Church of Satan from 1966 to 1984. During this time, her partner was Anton LaVey.

Hegarty died on July 23, 2022 at the age of 80.

Julio Valdez

Julio Julián Castillo Valdez (June 3, 1956 – July 23, 2022) was a Dominican professional baseball infielder and manager. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox from 1980 to 1983. He later managed in Minor League Baseball. 

Valdez died on July 23, 2022 at the age of 66.

Carla Cassola

Carla Cassola (15 December 1947 – 24 July 2022) was an Italian actress and composer. She was born in Taormina, Italy. She was known for dubbing Tilda Swinton in "Orlando". Cassola was also in the 1990 movie "Captain America".

Cassola died on 24 July 2022 in Welwyn Garden City, England at the age of 74.


Reg Empey

Reginald Norman Morgan Empey, Baron Empey, (born 26 October 1947), best known as Reg Empey, is a Unionist politician from Northern Ireland.

He was the leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) from 2005 to 2010. He was the chairman of the Ulster Unionist Party from 2012 to 2019. Empey was also Lord Mayor of Belfast and was a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly (MLA) for East Belfast from 1998 to 2011.

Mark Durkan

Mark Durkan (born 26 June 1960) is a retired Irish nationalist politician from Northern Ireland. Durkan was the deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland from November 2001 to October 2002. He also was the Leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) from 2001 to 2010. He unsuccessfully ran for MEP with Fine Gael at the 2019 European Parliament election.

John O'Dowd

John Fitzgerald O'Dowd (born 10 May 1967) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician. He has been the Minister for Infrastructure since 16 May 2022 and the Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for Upper Bann since 2003. He was the Minister for Education from 2011 to 2016. He was the deputy First Minister in 2011 for a short time.

Uri Orlev

Uri Orlev (; 24 February 1931 – 26 July 2022) was a Polish-born Israeli children's writer and translator. He won the international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 1996. Orlev was born in Warsaw, Poland. He was known for his 1981 book "The Island on Bird Street".

Orlev died on 26 July 2022 in Jerusalem, Israel at the age of 91.

Tom Poberezny

Thomas Paul Poberezny (October 3, 1946 – July 25, 2022) was an American aerobatic world champion. He was chairman of the annual Experimental Aircraft Association (EAA) Fly-In and Convention from 1977 to 2011 and president of EAA from 1989 to 2010.

Poberezny was a member of the Eagles Aerobatic Team. In 2016, he was honored into the National Aviation Hall of Fame.

Poberezny died on July 25, 2022 at the age of 75.

Hales Corners, Wisconsin

Hales Corners is a village in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 7,692 at the 2010 census.

Chin Kung

Chin Kung, AM (淨空; pinyin: "Jìngkōng"; 13 March 1927 – 26 July 2022) was a Buddhist monk. He was from the Mahayana tradition. He was the founder of the Corporate Body of the Buddha Educational Foundation. He was known for his teaching of the dharma. His works also focused on inter-faith harmony in Australia and the Asia Pacific region. He was born in Lujiang County, Anhui, Republic of China.

Chin Kung died at the age of 95 on 26 July 2022 in Tainan, Taiwan.

 

Marit Paulsen

Marit Eli Paulsen (; 24 November 1939 – 25 July 2022) was a Norwegian-born Swedish journalist, author and politician. She was a member of the Liberals. She was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 1999 to 2004 and from 2009 to 2015. She was a well known supporter of Swedish membership in the European Union during the 1994 referendum campaign. Paulsen was born in Oslo, Norway.

Paulsen died on 25 July 2022 at her farm house in Yttermalung, Sweden at the age of 82.

Jonas Vingegaard

Jonas Vingegaard Rasmussen (; born 10 December 1996) is a Danish cyclist. He rides for UCI WorldTeam Team Jumbo–Visma. In July 2022, he won the 2022 Tour de France. Vingegaard was born in Thy, Denmark.

Akihabara massacre

The was an incident of mass murder that took place on 8June 2008, in the Akihabara shopping area in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan. 

The attacker, 25-year-old , drove into a crowd with a rented truck, killing three people and injuring two at first. He then stabbed at least twelve people using a dagger, killing four other people and injuring eight.

Katō was sentenced to death by the Tokyo District Court in 2011. He was executed on 26 July 2022.

Avatar: The Way of Water

Avatar: The Way of Water (also known as Avatar 2) is a 2022 American epic science-fiction movie directed by James Cameron and produced by 20th Century Studios. It is the second movie in Cameron's "Avatar" franchise. It is a sequel to "Avatar" (2009). Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldaña, Stephen Lang, Joel David Moore, CCH Pounder, Giovanni Ribisi and Matt Gerald reprise their roles from the first movie, with Sigourney Weaver returning in an additional role. New cast members include Kate Winslet, Cliff Curtis, Edie Falco, and Jemaine Clement. 

The movie premiered in London on December 6, 2022, and was theatrically released in the United States on December 16, 2022. It will be followed by three sequels on December 20, 2024, December 18, 2026, and December 22, 2028.

At the 95th Academy Awards, it was nominated for four awards, including Best Picture. The movie won Best Visual Effects.



Joel David Moore

Joel David Moore (born September 25, 1977) is an American actor and director. He is known for his roles as Colin Fisher on the Fox series "Bones" and Dr. Norm Spellman in James Cameron's "Avatar" (2009) and its sequels "" (2022) and "Avatar 3" (2024).

Ben Platt

Benjamin Schiff “Ben” Platt (born September 24, 1993) is an American actor and singer-songwriter. He is known for his main role in the Broadway musical "Dear Evan Hansen" (2015–2017). This role earned him a Tony, Emmy, and Grammy Award. At 23, Platt became the youngest individual winner of the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role in a Musical. Platt played the role of Evan Hansen in 2021 movie version of the musical.

Platt is openly gay.

Blake Jenner

Blake Alexander Jenner (born August 27, 1992) is an American actor, model and singer. Jenner played Ryder Lynn on the Fox musical comedy-drama series "Glee". He has also appeared in "Everybody Wants Some!!" (2016), "The Edge of Seventeen" (2016), "American Animals" (2018), and "What/If" (2019).

Chris Wood (actor)

Christopher Charles Wood (born April 14, 1988) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Kai Parker in the sixth season of the CW's television series "The Vampire Diaries" in 2014. He also starred in the 2016 CW television series "Containment" as police officer Jake Riley. From 2016 to 2018, he played Mon-El on the CW superhero series "Supergirl".

Watertown High School

Watertown High School is a public high school in Watertown, New York. It is the only high school in the Watertown City School District.

The first high school in Watertown was built in 1837, and it was a Presbyterian school. It was demolished in 1905.

Bush family

The Bush family is an American family that is known for their involvement in American politics, news, sports, entertainment, and business. They were the First Family of the United States from 1989 to 1993 and again from 2001 to 2009.

Family members have held held national and state offices across four generations, including that of U.S. senator (Prescott Bush); governor (Jeb Bush and George W. Bush); and president (George H. W. Bush, who also was as vice president, and George W. Bush). 

The Bushes have been called "the most successful political dynasty in American history".


Sources:

Mamirolle

Mamirolle () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is southeast of Besançon on the first plateau of the Jura mountains. It is at the foot of a wooded hill and is crossed by the railroad from Besançon to Le Locle.



Mancenans

Mancenans is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

Mancenans is west of L'Isle-sur-le-Doubs between the hills of "Châtel" and "Replain".



Hannes Alfvén

Hannes Olof Gösta Alfvén (; 30 May 1908 – 2 April 1995) was a Swedish electrical engineer and plasma physicist. He was the winner of the 1970 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on magnetohydrodynamics (MHD).

Lamitan

Lamitan, officially known as the City of Lamitan (Chavacano: "Ciudad de Lamitan"; Yakan: "Siyudad Lamitanin"; Tausūg: "Dāira sin Lamitan"; ), is a 6th class component city and "de jure" capital of the province of Basilan, Philippines.

Ahmad Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah

Ahmad Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah (born 1956) is a Kuwaiti politician and military official. In July 2022, he became the Prime Minister of Kuwait. Before becoming Prime Minister, he was the Minister of Interior and Deputy Prime Minister of Kuwait from March 2022 until April 2022. He is the son of Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, the Emir of Kuwait. He resigned on 20 December 2023.

Mishal Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah

Mishal Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah (; also spelled Meshal, Mishaal or Meshaal; born 27 September 1940) is the Emir of Kuwait since 16 December 2023. Before becoming emir at aged 83, he was the oldest crown prince in the world.

Crown Prince Nawaf became emir after the death of his half-brother Sabah on 29 September 2020. According to Kuwaiti law, Nawaf had one year to pick his crown prince. After a record-short eight days, he picked his half-brother Mishal on 7 October. 

His pick was controversial as it showed the royal family preferred to pick older options rather than a newer generation such as Prime Minister Nasser Al-Mohammed Al-Sabah and Deputy Prime Minister Nasser Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah.<ref name="Reuters10/1"></ref>

On 2 September 2021, Mishal spoke with US Vice President Kamala Harris about US-Kuwait relations and Kuwait's role in the evacuation of Afghanistan.

Mishal has also represented Kuwait at important events abroad, including the state funeral of Queen Elizabeth II at Westminster Abbey, London in 2022 and the wedding of Hussein, Crown Prince of Jordan in 2023.

Mishal became the emir of Kuwait after the death of his half-brother Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, on 16 December 2023 at the age of 86.

Mishal has two wives: Nuria Sabah Al-Salem Al-Sabah and Munira Badah Al-Mutairi. He has 12 children: five sons and seven daughters.

Mancenans-Lizerne

Mancenans-Lizerne is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

The commune is from Maîche.



Mandeure

Mandeure () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.



Marvelise

Marvelise () is a commune in the Doubs département in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

Marvelise is from the Swiss border in the Jura mountains. On the east are the Hauts des Roches (502 m) and on the west the Chanois (516 m).



Mathay

Mathay () is a commune in the Doubs department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

Mathay is north of Pont-de-Roide.



Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 60 metres

The 60 metres at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the Polish Stanisława Walasiewicz won the event in 7.6 seconds ahead of Margarete Kuhlmann and British Ethel Johnson.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 60 metres event.
Note that there are some discrepancies with those names and the names listed in newspapers during the competition.

The heats took place in morning of 9 August.

Sources:

The heats took place in the afternoon of 9 August.

Source:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.

After the semi-final the Dutch Tollien Schuurman tore a muscle and couldn't start the final.
Sources:

Jolán Kleiber-Kontsek

Jolán Kleiber-Kontsek (née "Kontsek;" 29 August 1939 – 20 July 2022) was a Hungarian athlete. He mainly competed in the discus throw event during her career. She won a bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Kleiber-Kontsek was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Kleiber-Kontsek died in Budapest on 20 July 2022 at the age of 82.

Branko Cvejić

Branko Cvejić (; 25 August 1946 – 26 July 2022) was a Serbian actor. He was known for his roles in "Grlom u jagode", "The Elusive Summer of '68" and "Balkan Express". Cvejić was born in Belgrade, Serbia. His career began in 1962.

Cvejić died on 26 July 2022 in Belgrade at the age of 75.

Azotobacter

Azotobacter are a type of bacteria that are normally oval or spherical in shape. Azotobacter species are commonly found in soil, sediments and water. Azotobacter grows well at approximately at pH range of 7 to 9, between neutral and alkaline. Azotobacter will die if they are in an environment below the pH 6.

Nitrogen fixation can be defined as the removal of nitrogen from the environment in its molecular form (N2) to create nitrogen compounds that are helpful for other biological processes. Azotobacter species are nitrogen-fixing bacteria (which convert atmospheric nitrogen into ammonia. Azotobacter species are classified as one of the non-symbiotic nitrogen fixation bacteria (free-living bacteria in the soil).

Azotobacter aids to boost plant development and increase soil nitrogen level through nitrogen fixation by using carbon for its metabolism. Optimal calcium nutrient concentrations are required for Azotobacter to develop more rapidly and have the capacity to fix nitrogen (Iswaran and Sen, 1960) but higher nitrogen concentrations have a negative impact on Azotobacter activity (Soleimanzadeh and Gooshchi, 2013). Since more than a century ago, the genus Azotobacter has been utilised as a biofertilizer (fertiliser that contains living microorganisms) (Gerlach & Vogel, 1902).

Algebraic number theory

Algebraic number theory is a branch of number theory that uses algebra to study numbers, and their properties. Examples of algebraic number theory are that Diophantine equations can be used to solve problems of number theory. Galois groups are also useful.

Altimeter

An altimeter is an tool that can measure the height of an object, above a reference plane. A common reference plane is meters above sea level. There are different ways that this measurement can be done. The most common one uses atmospheric pressure. Other ways include ultra sound, laser light, or microwaves. Altimeters in planes often use lasers or microwaves.

Big Jet Plane

Big Jet Plane is a song by Angus Stone. It was later re released with Stone's sister, Julia Stone. It was on the 2010 hottest 100 countdown. The song is featured in a Maybelline commercial. In 2018 it was nominated for best video clip of the year by MTV millennial award's.

Philadelphia Museum of Art

The Philadelphia Museum of Art is a large art museum in Philadelphia. 

It is the 9th largest art museum in the United States. The building is on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. The museum has over 240,000 objects. The museum is famous for the Rocky Steps. These steps lead up to the museum. The 1976 movie "Rocky" was filmed here. The museum's sections include American Art, Arms & Armor, Asian Art, European Art, Modern & Contemporary Art, Prints, Drawings, Photographs, and Special Exhibitions. The museum was first planned in 1876 and built in 1928.

Fairmount Park

Fairmount Park is the largest park in Philadelphia. It is about 2,000 acres. The park is on both sides of the Schuykill river. It is in the northwest part of Philadelphia. There is an East and West section. The park includes sites like the Centennial Arboretum, a Horticulture Center, Fairmount Water Works, Memorial Hall (home of the Please Touch Museum), Shofuso Japanese House and Garden, Boathouse Row and Smith Memorial Playground and Playhouse.

Shofuso Japanese House and Garden

Shofuso (Pine Breeze Villa), () is a Japanese house in West Fairmount Park in Philadelphia. The house is 17th century style. The house was a gift from Japan to Americans in 1953. The Centennial Exposition of 1876 happened there. 

Milkshake!

Milkshake! (stylised as milkshake!) is a British children's television programming block on Channel 5. It is made for children aged 3–7.

The year in brackets denotes when the presenter began presenting Milkshake!, one of these presenters would often calls the viewers as "Milkshakers." (Originally known as "Milkyshakers.") (Milkshake! (2005)

Detroit (movie)

Detroit is a 2017 American period crime drama movie directed by Kathryn Ann Bigelow and written by Mark Boal. The movie is about Detroit's 1967 12th Street Riot. It stars John Boyega, Will Poulter, Algee Smith, Jacob Latimore, Jason Mitchell, Hannah Murray, Kaitlyn Dever, Jack Reynor, Ben O'Toole, Nathan Davis, Jr., Peyton Alex Smith, Malcolm David Kelley, Joseph David-Jones, with John Krasinski and Anthony Mackie. The movie got positive reviews and made less money.


"Detroit" had positive reviews from critics. The movie has an 82% on Rotten Tomatoes. The site says the movie is "gut-wrenching".

Carrie (1952 movie)

Carrie is a 1952 American historical romance movie directed by William Wyler and was based on the 1900 novel "Sister Carrie" by Theodore Dreiser. It stars Laurence Olivier, Jennifer Jones, Miriam Hopkins, Eddie Albert, Ray Teal, Walter Baldwin, Barry Kelley and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1953.

Chilean Americans

Chilean Americans are Americans of Chilean ancestry.


Barbadian Americans

Barbadian Americans are Americans of Barbadian ancestry.


Pure Shores

"Pure Shores" is a 2000 song by the band All Saints and was released on 14 February 2000. It was used in the soundtrack to the 2000 movie "The Beach" and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, Romania and Scotland and went to number 2 in New Zealand.




Dominicans (Dominica)

Dominicans, are an ethnic group and nation native to Dominica. Most Dominicans are Afro-Dominicans who were brought during the slave trade. The remainder of the population are white Dominicans mostly of French stock, people from the India, and the Caribs.

They Met in Moscow

They Met in Moscow () is a 1941 Soviet musical comedy movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Marina Ladynina, Vladimir Zeldin, and Nikolai Kryuchkov.


Valery Chkalov (movie)

Valery Chkalov () is a 1941 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Vladimir Belokurov, Mikheil Gelovani, and Semyon Mezhinsky.


Antosha Rybkin

Antosha Rybkin () is a 1942 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Boris Chirkov, Marina Ladynina, and Vladimir Gribkov.


The Defense of Tsaritsyn

The Defense of Tsaritsyn () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasilyev brothers. It stars Mikheil Gelovani, Nikolay Bogolyubov, and Mikhail Zharov.


The District Secretary

The District Secretary () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Vasili Vanin, Marina Ladynina, and Viktor Kulakov.


A Good Lad

A Good Lad () is a 1942 Soviet movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Evgeniy Grigorev, O. Yakunina, and Ekaterina Sipavina.


His Name Is Sukhe-Bator

His Name Is Sukhe-Bator () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. The movie tells about the founder of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party, the leader of the Mongolian People's Revolution - Damdin Sukhe-Bator. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Semyon Goldshtab, and Maksim Shtraukh.


Kotovsky (movie)

Kotovsky () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer. It stars Nikolai Mordvinov, Vasili Vanin, and Nikolay Kryuchkov.


Lad from Our Town

Lad from Our Town () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Ivanov, Aleksandr Stolper and Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Nikolai Kryuchkov, Nikolay Bogolyubov, and Lidiya Smirnova.


Mashenka (1942 movie)

Mashenka () is a 1942 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Valentina Karavayeva, Mikhail Kuznetsov, and D. Pankratova.


Moscow Strikes Back

Moscow Strikes Back () is a 1942 Soviet documentary movie directed by Ilya Kopalin and Leonid Varlamov.

The Murderers are Coming

The Murderers are Coming () is a 1942 Soviet war movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Yuri Tarich. The movie is based on the 1938 play Fear and Misery of the Third Reich by Bertolt Brecht. It stars Mikhail Astangov, Boris Blinov, and Sofiya Magarill.


Actress (1943 movie)

Actress () is a 1943 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Trauberg. It stars Galina Sergeyeva, Boris Babochkin, and Zinaida Morskaya.


The Front (1943 movie)

The Front () is a 1943 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasilyev brothers. It stars Boris Zhukovsky, Boris Babochkin, and Pavel Geraga.


In the Name of the Fatherland

In the Name of the Fatherland () is a 1943 Soviet war movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Dmitriy Vasilyev. The movie is based on the play Russian People by Konstantin Simonov. It stars Nikolai Kryuchkov, Yelena Tyapkina, and Mikhail Zharov.


With a Little Luck

"With a Little Luck" is a 1978 song by the band Wings from their album "London Town". It went to number 1 in the United States and in Canada.

Diamond Dogs (movie)

Diamond Dogs is a 2007 Canadian Chinese action movie directed by Dolph Lundgren (who also stars) and Shimon Dotan. It also stars Yu Nan, Raicho Vasilev, Zhang Chunnian. It was released direct to DVD in North America.


Kutuzov (movie)

Kutuzov () is a 1943 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Aleksei Dikij, Semyon Mezhinsky, and Yevgeniy Kaluzhsky.


Nasreddin in Bukhara

Nasreddin in Bukhara () is a 1943 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yakov Protazanov. It stars Lev Sverdlin, M. Mirzakarimova, and Konstantin Mikhailov. The movie is based on the novel by Leonid Solovyov "Disturber of the Peace" about Nasreddin.


She Defends the Motherland

She Defends the Motherland () is a 1943 Soviet drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Vera Maretskaya, Nikolay Bogolyubov, and Lidiya Smirnova.


Stalingrad (1943 movie)

Stalingrad () is a 1943 Soviet documentary movie directed by Leonid Varlamov.

Taxi to Heaven

Taxi to Heaven () is a 1943 Soviet comedy movie directed by Gerbert Rappaport. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, and Boris Blinov.


Two Soldiers (1943 movie)

Two Soldiers () is a 1943 Soviet war movie directed by Leonid Lukov. It stars Mark Bernes, Boris Andreyev, and Vera Shershnyova.


Wait for Me (movie)

Wait for Me () is a 1943 Soviet war drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper and Boris Ivanov. It stars Boris Blinov, Valentina Serova, and Lev Sverdlin.


The Young Fritz

The Young Fritz () is a 1943 Soviet movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. The movie is based on a short satiric poem by Samuil Marshak. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Maksim Shtraukh, and Mikhail Astangov.


Days and Nights (1944 movie)

Days and Nights () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Vladimir Solovyov, Daniil Sagal, and Yuri Lyubimov.


Duel (1944 movie)

Duel () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Legoshin. It stars Sergei Lukyanov, Vladimir Belokurov, and Andrey Tutyshkin.


Ivan Nikulin: Russian Sailor

Ivan Nikulin: Russian Sailor () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Savchenko. It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Boris Chirkov, and Stepan Kayukov.


Ivan the Terrible (1944 movie)

Ivan the Terrible () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Eisenstein. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Serafima Birman, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


The Last Hill

The Last Hill () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Boris Andreyev, and Akaki Khorava.


Nebo Moskvy

Nebo Moskvy () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Pyotr Aleynikov, Nikolay Bogolyubov, and Ivan Kuznetsov.


Once There Was a Girl

Once There Was a Girl () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Nina Ivanova, Natalya Zashchipina, and Ada Vojtsik.


Rainbow (1944 movie)

Rainbow () is a 1944 Soviet war movie directed by Mark Donskoi. It stars Elena Tyapkina, Hans Klering, and Nina Alisova.


Silva (movie)

Silva () is a 1944 Soviet musical movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Zoya Smirnova-Nemirovich, Niyaz Dautov, and Margarita Sakalis.


Six P.M.

Six P.M. () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Marina Ladynina, Ivan Lyubeznov, and Yevgeny Samoylov.


The Ural Front

The Ural Front () is a 1944 Soviet war movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. It stars Tamara Makarova, Viktor Dobrovolsky, and Sofya Khalyutina.


The Wedding (1944 movie)

The Wedding () is a 1944 Soviet movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Alexey Gribov, Faina Ranevskaya, and Erast Garin.


We from the Urals

We from the Urals () is a 1944 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kuleshov. It stars Aleksey Konsovsky, Aleksandr Mikhailov, and Yanina Zhejmo.


Zoya (movie)

Zoya () is a 1944 Soviet war movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. It stars Galina Vodyanitskaya, Tamara Altseva, and Aleksey Batalov.


The Call of Love

The Call of Love () is a 1945 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, Vera Orlova, and Mikhail Zharov.


Dark Is the Night (1945 movie)

Dark Is the Night () is a 1945 Soviet war movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Irina Radchenko, Boris Andreyev, and Ivan Kuznetsov.


Fifteen-Year-Old Captain

Fifteen-Year-Old Captain () is a 1945 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vasily Zhuravlyov. It stars Vsevolod Larionov, Yelena Izmailova, and Mikhail Astangov.


Girl No. 217

Girl No. 217 () is a 1945 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Yelena Kuzmina, Vladimir Balashov, and Tatyana Barysheva.


Guilty Without Guilt

Guilty Without Guilt () is a 1945 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Alla Tarasova, Viktor Stanitsyn, and Boris Livanov.


Hello Moscow!

Hello Moscow! () is a 1945 Soviet musical movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Oleg Bobrov, Sergei Filippov, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


Kashchey the Immortal (movie)

Kashchey the Immortal () is a 1945 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Sergei Stolyarov, Alexander Shirshov, and Galina Grigorieva.


The Lost Letter (1945 movie)

The Lost Letter () is a 1945 Soviet animated movie directed by Valentina Brumberg and Zinaida Brumberg.

Simple People

Simple People () is a 1945 Soviet war movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg. It stars Yuri Tolubeyev, Olga Lebzak, and Boris Zhukovsky.


The Turning Point (1945 movie)

The Turning Point () is a 1945 Soviet movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Mikhail Derzhavin, Sr, Petr Andrievsky, and Yuri Tolubeyev.


Cruiser 'Varyag'

Cruiser 'Varyag' () is a 1946 Soviet war movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Boris Livanov, Aleksandr Zrazhevsky, and Nikolai Chaplygin.


The First Glove

The First Glove () is a 1946 Soviet comedy movie directed by Andrey Frolov. The movie is about young boxer Nikita Krutikov. It stars Vladimir Volodin, Anastasia Zuyeva, and Ivan Pereverzev.


Heavenly Slug

Heavenly Slug () is a 1946 Soviet comedy movie directed by Semyon Timoshenko. It stars Nikolai Kryuchkov, Vasili Merkuryev, and Vasily Neschiplenko.


In the Mountains of Yugoslavia

In the Mountains of Yugoslavia () is a 1946 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Ivan Bersenev, Nikolay Mordvinov, and Olga Zhizneva.


The Great Glinka

The Great Glinka () is a 1946 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. The movie is about Mikhail Glinka, a Russian composer of the 19th century. It stars Boris Chirkov, Valentina Serova, and Klavdiya Polovikova.


Alibaba Group

Alibaba Group Holding Limited, also known as Alibaba (), is a Chinese multinational technology company.

The Liberated Earth

The Liberated Earth () is a 1946 Soviet war drama movie directed by Aleksandr Medvedkin. It stars Vasili Vanin, Emma Tsesarskaya, and Sergei Kalinin.


A Noisy Household

A Noisy Household () is a 1946 Soviet comedy movie directed by Mikhail Zharov. It stars Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, Aleksandr Grave, and Mikhail Zharov.


Son of the Regiment

Son of the Regiment () is a 1946 Soviet war drama movie directed by Vasili Pronin. It stars Yuri Yankin, Aleksandr Morozov, and Pavel Volkov.


The Stone Flower (1946 movie)

The Stone Flower () is a 1946 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Vladimir Druzhnikov, Yekaterina Derevshchikova, and Tamara Makarova.


The White Fang

The White Fang () is a 1946 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Zguridi. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Yelena Izmailova, and Lev Sverdlin.


Admiral Nakhimov (movie)

Admiral Nakhimov () is a 1947 Soviet war drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin. The movie is based on the life of Russian Admiral Pavel Nakhimov (1802-1855). It stars Aleksei Dikiy, Ruben Simonov, and Leonid Knyazev.


Boy from the Outskirts

Boy from the Outskirts () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Zhuravlyov. It stars Yevgeny Samoylov, Sergei Lukyanov, and Aleksandra Vasilyeva.


Cinderella (1947 movie)

Cinderella () is a 1947 Soviet movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova and Mikhail Shapiro. It stars Yanina Zhejmo, Aleksey Konsovsky, and Erast Garin.


For Those Who Are at Sea

For Those Who Are at Sea () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Aleksandra Trishko, and Dmitri Pavlov.


Win Remmerswaal

Wilhelmus Abraham "Win" Remmerswaal (March 8, 1954 – July 24, 2022) was a Dutch-born American baseball relief pitcher in Major League Baseball. Remmerswaal was born in The Hague, Netherlands. Remmerswaal played for the Boston Red Sox from 1979 to 1980. He also played for the Netherlands national baseball team.

Remmerswaal was put in a coma after getting pneumonia and pleurisy in 1997. He died on July 24, 2022 in the Netherlands at the age of 68.

Celina Seghi

Celina Seghi (6 March 1920 – 27 July 2022) was an Italian alpine skier. She was born in Abetone, Italy. She competed in the 1948 and 1952 Winter Olympics, finishing in fourth place both times. 

Seghi turned 100 in March 2020. She died on 27 July 2022 in Pistoia, Italy at the age of 102.

Abetone

Abetone was a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Pistoia in the Italian region of Tuscany. It was about northwest of Florence and about northwest of Pistoia. It has been a frazione of Abetone Cutigliano since 2017.


Félix Sienra

Félix Sienra (born 21 January 1916) is a Uruguayan former sailor. He took part in the 1948 Summer Olympics and finished in 6th place. Sienra was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Sienra turned 100 in January 2016. As of 2022, he is the oldest known living Olympic athlete.

Staircase (movie)

Staircase is a 1969 British romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Stanley Donen and was based on the play of the same name by Charles Dyer. It stars Richard Burton, Rex Harrison, Cathleen Nesbitt, Beatrix Lehmann, Avril Angers, Pat Heywood, Maurice Colbourne, Dermot Kelly and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Drusus Julius Caesar

Drusus Julius Caesar (14 BC – 14 September AD 23), was the son of Emperor Tiberius, and heir to the Roman Empire after the death of his adoptive brother Germanicus in AD 19.

Drusus first began politics with the office of quaestor in AD 10 and was very popular among the Roman people.

Drusus died suddenly 14 September 23, from natural causes.

Livilla

Claudia Livia (Classical Latin: ; c. 13 BC – AD 31) was the only daughter of Nero Claudius Drusus and Antonia Minor and sister of the Roman Emperor Claudius and general Germanicus. She was the paternal aunt of the emperor Caligula and maternal great-aunt of emperor Nero, as well as the niece and daughter-in-law of Tiberius. 

She was named after her grandmother, Augustus' wife Livia Drusilla. She was known by her family nickname Livilla ("little Livia"). 

Ptychohyla salvadorensis

The Salvador stream frog ("Ptychohyla salvadorensis") is a frog. It lives in El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala. It lives on the Pacific side (west side) of the mountains. People have seen this frog between 1440 and 2050 meters above sea level.

The Humpbacked Horse (1947 movie)

The Humpbacked Horse () is a 1947 Soviet animated movie directed by I. Ivanov-Vano.

In the Name of Life

In the Name of Life () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Viktor Khokhryakov, Mikhail Kuznetsov, and Oleg Zhakov.


Light over Russia

Light over Russia () is a 1947 Soviet movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Nikolai Kolesnikov, Mikheil Gelovani, and Vasily Markov.


Miklukho-Maklai (movie)

Miklukho-Maklai () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Razumny. The movie tells about the famous Russian ethnographer Nicholas Miklouho-Maclay and his travels to Australia and Oceania, where he watched the natives. It stars Sergei Kurilov, Galina Grigoreva, and Mikhail Astangov.



Pirogov (movie)

Pirogov () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev. The movie is based on the life of Russian scientist and doctor Nikolay Ivanovich Pirogov (1810-1881). It stars Konstantin Skorobogatov, Vladimir Chestnokov, and Sergei Yarov.


Private Aleksandr Matrosov

Private Aleksandr Matrosov () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Lukov. It stars Anatoliy Ignatyev, Pyotr Konstantinov, and Konstantin Sorokin.


Robinson Crusoe (1947 movie)

Robinson Crusoe () is a 1947 Soviet adventure movie directed by Aleksandr Andriyevsky. The story of the film is based on the 1719 novel Robinson Crusoe by Daniel Defoe. It stars Pavel Kadochnikov, Yuri Lyubimov, and Aleksandr Smiranin.


Russian Ballerina

Russian Ballerina () is a 1947 Soviet musical movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Mira Redina, Viktor Kazanovich, and Olga Zhiznyeva.


Secret Agent (1947 movie)

Secret Agent () is a 1947 Soviet spy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Pavel Kadochnikov, Amvrosy Buchma, and Viktor Dobrovolsky.


Springtime (1947 movie)

Springtime () is a 1947 Soviet comedy movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Lyubov Orlova, Nikolay Cherkasov, and Faina Ranevskaya.


The Train Goes East

The Train Goes East () is a 1947 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Lidiya Dranovskaya, Leonid Gallis, and Mariya Yarotskaya.


The Village Teacher

The Village Teacher () is a 1947 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Vera Maretskaya, Pavel Olenev, and Daniil Sagal.


Ballad of Siberia

Ballad of Siberia () is a 1948 Soviet musical movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Vladimir Druzhnikov, Marina Ladynina, and Boris Andreyev.


The Court of Honor

The Court of Honor () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Boris Chirkov, Antonina Maksimova, and Evgeniy Samoylov.


First-Year Student

First-Year Student () is a 1948 Soviet movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Natalya Zashchipina, Tamara Makarova, and Tatyana Barysheva.


Glorious Path

Glorious Path () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Buneev, Anatoli Rybakov and Mikhail Schweitzer. It stars Aleksandr Antonov, Aleksey Bakhar, and Sergey Bondarchuk.


Michurin (movie)

Michurin () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. It stars Grigori Belov, Fyodor Grigoryev, and Vladimir Isayev.


The Precious Seed

The Precious Seed () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Galina Kozhakina, Boris Zhukovsky, and Oleg Zhakov.

Red Necktie

Red Necktie () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Mariya Sauts and Vladimir Sukhobokov. It stars Aleksandr Khvylya, Galina Stepanova, and Vera Okuneva.


The Russian Question

The Russian Question () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Vsevolod Aksyonov, Yelena Kuzmina, and Mikhail Astangov.


Tale of a True Man

Tale of a True Man () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Pavel Kadochnikov, Nikolay Okhlopkov, and Aleksei Dikiy.


The Third Blow

The Third Blow () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Savchenko. It stars Aleksei Dikiy, Nikolay Bogolyubov, and Ivan Pereverzev.


Three Encounters

Three Encounters () is a 1948 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko, Vsevolod Pudovkin and Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Tamara Makarova, Boris Chirkov, and Nikolay Kryuchkov.


Alexander Popov (movie)

Alexander Popov () is a 1949 Soviet drama movie directed by Herbert Rappaport and Viktor Eisymont. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Aleksandr Borisov, and Konstantin Skorobogatov.


Alitet Leaves for the Hills

Alitet Leaves for the Hills () is a 1949 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Andrei Abrikosov, Lev Sverdlin, and Boris Tenin.


The Battle of Stalingrad (movie)

The Battle of Stalingrad () is a 1949 Soviet war movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Aleksei Dikiy, Maksim Shtraukh, and Viktor Khokhryakov.


Cossacks of the Kuban

Cossacks of the Kuban () is a 1949 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Marina Ladynina, Sergei Lukyanov, and Vladimir Volodin.


Happy Flight (1949 movie)

Happy Flight () is a 1949 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vladimir Nemolyayev. It stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Mikhail Zharov, and Vera Orlova.


Ivan Pavlov (movie)

Ivan Pavlov () is a 1949 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Aleksandr Borisov, Nina Alisova, and Nikolai Plotnikov.


The Star (1949 movie)

The Star () is a 1949 Soviet war movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanov. It stars Anatoly Verbitsky, Alexey Pokrovsky, and Irina Radchenko.


They Have a Motherland

They Have a Motherland () is a 1949 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer and Vladimir Legoshin. It stars Natalya Zashchipina, Lyonya Kotov, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


Brave People

Brave People () is a 1950 Soviet movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Sergei Gurzo, Alexey Gribov, and Tamara Chernova.


Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 100 metres

The 100 metres at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the German Käthe Krauß won the event in 11.9 seconds ahead of Polish Stella Walasiewicz and British Eileen Hiscock.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 100 metres event. A day later it was later also mentioned a team of 4 American sprinter was in London for the 100 metres event and 4x 100 metres event.
Note that there are some discrepancies with those names and the names listed in newspapers during the competition.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> The Dutch Tollien Schuurman injured herself after winning her semi-final 60 metres event. She was replaced and the Dutch Cor Aalten and Beb Martin competed in the 100 metres event.

The heats took place on 9 August. The Dutch Cor Aalten was eliminated in the heats.

Sources:

The heats took place on 11 August.

The Dutch Beb Martin finished 5th in her semi-final with a time of 12.6 seconds.

Source:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.

Sources:

2022 Tunisian constitutional referendum

The 2022 Tunisian constitutional referendum is a referendum in Tunisia held on 25 July 2022 which was organized by the Independent High Authority for Elections to allow a national vote on a new constitution. This referendum was supported by President Kais Saied.

The referendum proposed to expand the powers given to the president and to make Tunisia a presidential system instead of a semi-presidential system.

Voters voted in a landslide to expand the presidential powers in Tunisia.

Anne-Marie Garat

Anne-Marie Garat (9 October 1946 – 26 July 2022) was a French novelist. She won the Prix Femina for her novel "Aden" in 1992 and the for her novel "Les mal famées".

Garat died of cancer on 26 July 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 75.


Conspiracy of the Doomed

Conspiracy of the Doomed () is a 1950 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov.


Dream of a Cossack

Dream of a Cossack () is a 1950 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Sergei Bondarchuk, Anatoli Chemodurov, and Kira Kanayeva.


Robert Hoffmann

Robert Hoffmann (30 August 1939 – 4 July 2022) was an Austrian actor. He was born in Salzburg, Austria. He was best known for his main role in "The Adventures of Robinson Crusoe" (1964). He was also in the 1968 war movie "Kampf um Rom", the 1975 drama-war movie "Le vieux fusil" and the 1980 war movie "The Sea Wolves". His career began in 1964 and retired in 2004.

Hoffmann died of a short-illness on 4 July 2022 in Salzburg at the age of 82.

Birthday effect

The birthday effect (sometimes called the birthday blues, especially when talking about suicide) is a statistical phenomenon where the chances of a person's death is higher on or close to their birthday. The birthday effect has been seen in studies in England and Wales, Switzerland, Ukraine, and the United States. It is even studied within Major League Baseball players.

Some studies find that men's and women's mortality rates are higher near their birthdays. Other studies do not find that gender affects high death rates around birthdays. However, some studies found that women were more likely to die right before a birthday, and men were more likely to die right after.

Some reasons for people dying near or on their birthdays are said to be related to alcohol drinking, stress, higher suicide risk, or terminally ill patients trying to stay alive until their birthday. Another cause could be a yearly cycle (similar to the circadian rhythm) that causes the body to weaken.

A study in England and Wales found that there was a statistically significant birthday effect in men and women (never married, married, divorced and widowed) but it was not seen in the population as a whole.

Famous people to have died on their birthdays include James Lovelock, Levi P. Morton, Frances E. Allen, Julie Bishop, Peter Dickinson, Shih Ming-teh, Edward Seaga, Grachan Moncur III, and Phil Batt.

The Fall of Berlin (movie)

The Fall of Berlin () is a 1950 Soviet war movie directed by Mikheil Chiaureli. It stars Boris Andreyev, Mikheil Gelovani, and Yury Tymoshenko.


Strasburg, North Dakota

Strasburg is a city in Emmons County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 379 at the 2020 census.

Mendocino, California

Mendocino (Spanish for "of Mendoza") is an unincorporated community in Mendocino County, California, United States. The population of the census-designated place (CDP) is 932 at the 2020 census.


Near Dark

Near Dark is a 1987 vampire western film directed by Kathryn Bigelow. It combines Western and horror genres. The film stars Adrian Pasdar, Jenny Wright, Bill Paxton, Lance Henriksen and Jenette Goldstein. The film got positive reviews but made little money. The film has an 82% on Rotten Tomatoes. 

A vampire Mae bites Caleb. Mae and other vampires abduct Caleb. They disagree on whether to keep him alive. Mae supports and protects Caleb. Caleb risks exposing the vampires, and they want to kill him. Caleb later sacrifices himself for them, and they feel sorry. Caleb learns that Jesse is 150 years old. The vampires get Caleb's sister Sarah. Caleb's father finds the vampires. He demands they release Sarah. The vampires argue. Sarah opens the door, and sunlight burns the vampires. Caleb and his family escape. The vampires try to get back Sarah and distract Caleb. Caleb ends up killing the vampire Severen. Mae helps Sarah and Caleb. Several of the vampires die from sunlight. Mae gets a transfusion and is no longer a vampire. 


K-19: The Widowmaker

K-19: The Widowmaker is a 2002 independent historical movie about one of the first Soviet nuclear submarines. The film is directed and produced by Kathryn Bigelow. The lead actors are Harrison Ford and Liam Neeson. The film had mixed reviews and did not make much money. The film had a budget of $90 million.

Captain Alexei Vostrikov commands a ballistic submarine with executive officer Mikhail Polenin. Vostrikov replaces a drunk reactor officer with Radtchenko. The ship tests missiles near the United States. Vostikov has the ship do risky things like crash into the icecaps. One of the rods of the nuclear reactant gets damaged. Men are exposed to radiation and get sick. Vostrikov says no to American help. The fixed pipe leaks and torpedo fuel catches fire. Tension arises between officers and commanders. Radtchenko fixes the problem. Polenin tricks the officers and arrests them. Vostrikov has the submarine dive to avoid overheating. Later in the Soviet Union, Vostrikov is tried for breaking orders. Polenin defends Vostrikov. Twenty-seven men had died from the radiation. Many years later, Vostrikov and Polenin meet again at the cemetery. Vostrikov toasts and honors the dead men.


Residences of North Korean leaders

North Korean leaders have over 12 different homes that they can use at any time., according to Kim Jong-il’s former bodyguard Lee Young-kuk. Many of the residences were identified on satellite images in the North Korea Uncovered project. Ryongsong Residence is the main home of Kim Jong-un. All homes are kept secret by the government and very few photographs exist.



Barry Ackroyd

Barry Ackroyd (born 12 May 1954) is an English Cinematographer. His notable films include "United 93", "The Hurt Locker" and "Capain Phillips". He won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography for "The Hurt Locker". He has worked with the directors Ken Loach, Paul Greengrass and Kathryn Bigelow. The films that Ackroyd works in are usually very realistic and naturalistic.


Isaac I Komnenos

Isaac I Komnenos ( 1007 - 1 June 1060) was Byzantine Emperor from 1057 until 1059.

After he abdicated due to ill health, he retired to a monastery, where he died in 1060.

Gerda Gottlieb

Gerda Gottlieb (14 April 1916 — 28 October 1992) was an Austrian track an field athlete specialized in high jump and sprint events. She was a member of Sportverein Wiener AC and the Austrian national team.

Gottlieb set in the mid 1930s three world records, in the: standing high jump, 4x 75 metres relay and 440 metres relay. These world records were the last in registered by the women's sports organization FSFI. The World Athletics Association IAAF, which registered women's world records from 1936, did not continue with any of these three disciplines.

At the 1934 Austrian Athletics Championships she became national champion in the 100 metres. She was selected to represent Austria at the 1934 Women's World Games. She won with the relay team the bronze medal in the 4 × 100 metres relay event. In the 60 metres event she didn’t reached the semi-finals.

In March 1938 Gottlieb moved to Innsbruck for professional reasons. The Jewish athlete was able to flee to the United States in October of the same year.

Benjamin Rush

Benjamin Rush (January 4, 1746 [O.S. December 24, 1745] – April 19, 1813) was an American politician. He was one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence. He was a leader in the Philadelphia community. Rush was also a physician, social reformer, humanitarian and educator. He founded Dickinson College. He was a professor of medicine and chemistry at the University of Pennsylvania. Rush was also the surgeon general of the Continental Army.

Rush was born in Philadelphia on Jan. 4, 1746. He grew up in Philadelphia and went to college at the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University). He did a medical training in Europe. He got a medical degree from the University of Edinburgh. Rush returned to the American colonies. He became a professor at the College of Philadelphia (now University of Pennsylvania). Rush had a medical practice and rescued the American Philosophical Society. His publications include the first American chemistry textbook. 

Rush was politically active. He was part of the Sons of Liberty. He advised Thomas Paine, who wrote "Common Sense". Rush signed the Declaration of Independence. He represented Philadelphia at the Constitutional Convention. 

Rush also gave medical help in battles of the American Revolutionary War. Rush gave directions to keep soldiers healthy. The American military used these guidelines until 1908. However, there was also controversy. Rush sent two letters criticizing George Washington. Rush wrote that the armies were disorderly under Washington. Rush resigned in 1778 and later regretted his letters.

After the Revolutionary War, Rush worked at the Pennsylvania Hospital. Rush was the treasurer of the United States Mint from 1797 to 1813. He became a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1788. Rush returned to the University of Pennsylvania as a professor of medicine. William Henry Harrison was a student of Rush. Rush founded Dickinson College in 1773. Rush treated patients during the 1793 Philadelphia yellow fever epidemic. He was also one of the founders of the Pennsylvania Prison Society. Rush prepared Meriwether Lewis for the medical part of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.

Rush was a reformer in many ways. He opposed slavery. He spoke out against the slave trade. He argued that African-Americans and Europeans were equal. He also opposed the death penalty and capital punishment. He believed punishment for criminals should be private. He said the death penalty went against reason and happiness. Rush also supported women education. He founded the Young Ladies' Academy of Philadelphia. He helped contribute to the ideals of the Republican Motherood.

Medicine at the time was not as advanced. Rush supported heroic medicine. This included things like bloodletting. People criticized Rush for this. It is now known to be dangerous. Rush also wrote case reports on infectious diseases like dengue fever. Rush believed that blackness was a curable skin disease. Today, this is considered false and wrong. Rush studied Native American health and why they got certain diseases. Rush also did a lot with mental health. He used mercury for mental problems. He developed occupational therapy and classified mental disorders. Rush treated addiction like a medical condition and not a sin. At the time, people had bad views about mentally sick people. Rush, however, said that mentally ill people were not inhuman animals. 

Rush died of typhus fever in 1813. He was buried at Christ Church burial in Philadelphia. 

Phineas and Ferb The Movie: Candace Against the Universe

Phineas and Ferb The Movie: Candace Against the Universe is a Disney Plus original animated movie based on the television series Phineas and Ferb. It is the second Phineas and Ferb movie. It stars Ashley Tisdale as Candace Flynn.

Candace Flynn is having an unusually good day, but then she finds out that her brother Phineas Flynn and stepbrother Ferb Fletcher have built a giant robot made of lint and tries to show it to her mother Linda Flynn to get her to punish them. Linda doesn't even look at it since she's convinced that it (and every other invention Candace told her about) doesn't exist and complains about Candace always telling her that Phineas and Ferb built something impossible. Candace is very sad when she realizes that her mother always thinks she's making stuff up, and Candace tells Phineas that while he's been having a great summer, hers was terrible. Candace is then kidnapped by aliens who tell her she's the saviour of their planet because she breathes out something called Remarkalonium. The alien leader named Super Super Big Doctor is nice to Candace and acts like her friend so when Phineas and Ferb come to rescue their sister, Candace says she won't go back to Earth with them because "I finally found a place where I'm wanted. Where I'm special. Where I'm happy. And a part of me wonders if maybe the reason is that you aren't here". Candace asks Super Super Big Doctor to take her brothers away from where she is, so Super Super Big Doctor locks them in a jail. Candace is angry when she finds out that Super Super Big Doctor did this because Candace actually loves her brothers. Super Super Big Doctor then turns out to be evil and and says that her plan is to get Candace to breathe Remarkalonium on a plant whose spores she uses for mind control to enslave everyone on the planet Feeb-la-oot where she's a dictator and that she kidnapped Candace because she breathes out Remarkalonium which it turns out is actually the alien name for carbon dioxide. Candace tells Super Super Big Doctor that every human breathes out carbon dioxide so Super Super Big Doctor decides to lead an alien invasion of Earth to steal its carbon dioxide and make her plant powerful enough to enslave the galaxy. Candace then teams up with Phineas and Ferb and Dr. Doofenshmirtz to stop Super Super Big Doctor and save the world.



When Will I See You Again

"When Will I See You Again" is a 1974 song by American soul group The Three Degrees from their third album "The Three Degrees". It was written by Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom.

Door of the Duomo of Milan (Castiglioni)

The Door of the Duomo of Milan is a sculpture by Giannino Castiglioni. 

The Door is a group of monumental sculptures of the door of honor located on the east side of the Duomo of Milan. Made by the Italian sculptor Giannino Castiglioni, it was inaugurated on December 7, 1950. It is a masterpiece of this sculptor, who worked there for more than 15 years in Lierna Lake Como.

The door of Castiglioni tells the story of Saint Ambrose, patron saint of Milan.


Minnie Pearl

Sarah Ophelia Colley Cannon (October 25, 1912 – March 4, 1996), known professionally as her stage character Minnie Pearl, was an American comedian who appeared at the Grand Ole Opry for more than 50 years (1940–1991) and on the television show Hee Haw from 1969 to 1991.


Far from Moscow

Far from Moscow () is a 1950 Soviet war drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. The movie is based on Vasily Azhayev's 1948 novel of the same title. It stars Nikolay Okhlopkov, Lev Sverdlin, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


Mussorgsky (movie)

Mussorgsky () is a 1950 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Aleksandr Borisov, Nikolay Cherkasov, and Vladimir Balashov.


Secret Mission (1950 movie)

Secret Mission () is a 1950 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Nikolai Komissarov, Sergei Vecheslov, and Yelena Kuzmina.


Zhukovsky (movie)

Zhukovsky () is a 1950 Soviet drama movie directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and Dmitri Vasilyev. The movie is based on the life of Russian scientist Nikolai Zhukovsky (1847–1921), founding father of modern aero- and hydrodynamics. It stars Yuri Yurovsky, Ilya Sudakov, and Vladimir Belokurov.


Belinsky (movie)

Belinsky () is a 1951 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev. The movie is based on the life of Russian literary critic Vissarion Belinsky (1811–1848). It stars Sergei Kurilov, Aleksandr Borisov, and Georgy Vitsin.


Bountiful Summer

Bountiful Summer () is a 1951 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Nina Arkhipova, Nikolay Kryuchkov, and Viktor Dobrovolsky.


Farewell, America

Farewell, America () is a 1951 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Dovzhenko. The movie is based on the book by the American journalist Annabelle Bucar "The Truth about American Diplomats". It stars Liliya Gritsenko, Nikolai Gritsenko, and Grigori Kirillov.


The Night Before Christmas (1951 movie)

The Night Before Christmas () is a 1951 Soviet animated movie directed by Valentina Brumberg and Zinaida Brumberg.

The Miners of Donetsk

The Miners of Donetsk () is a 1951 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Lukov. It stars Aleksei Gribov, A. Mansvetov, and G. Pasechnik.

Przhevalsky (movie)

Przhevalsky () is a 1951 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Vsevolod Larionov, Sergey Martinson, and Sergey Papov.

Sporting Honour

Sporting Honour () is a 1951 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Aleksei Gribov, Grigori Sergeyev, and Margarita Lifanova.


The Village Doctor

The Village Doctor () is a 1951 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. It stars Tamara Makarova, Grigori Belov, and Lena Belsky.


The Composer Glinka

The Composer Glinka () is a 1952 Soviet movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Boris Smirnov, Lev Durasov, and Lyubov Orlova.


Dance Teacher (movie)

Dance Teacher () is a 1952 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich. It stars Vladimir Zeldin, Mark Pertsovskiy, and Tatyana Alekseeva.


The Encounter of a Lifetime

The Encounter of a Lifetime () is a 1952 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Lebedev. It stars Nadezhda Rumyantseva, Vladimir Sokolov, and Georgi Semyonov.


The Inspector-General

The Inspector-General () is a 1952 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. The movie is based on the play The Government Inspector by Nikolay Gogol. It stars Igor Gorbachyov, Yuriy Tolubeev, and Anastasiya Georgievskaya.


May Nights

May Nights () is a 1952 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. The movie is based on Nikolai Gogol's May Night, or the Drowned Maiden and the subsequent opera version by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. It stars Nikolai Dosenko, Tatyana Konyukhova, and Aleksandr Khvylya.


Sadko (movie)

Sadko () is a 1953 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Sergei Stolyarov, Alla Larionova, and Ninel Myshkova.


The Scarlet Flower (1952 movie)

The Scarlet Flower () is a 1952 Soviet animated movie directed by Lev Atamanov.

The Snow Maiden (1952 movie)

The Snow Maiden () is a 1952 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Aleksandra Snezhko-Blotskaya.

The Unforgettable Year 1919

The Unforgettable Year 1919 () is a 1952 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikheil Chiaureli. It stars Boris Andreyev, Mikheil Gelovani, and Pavel Molchanov.


Admiral Ushakov (movie)

Admiral Ushakov () is a 1953 Soviet war movie directed by Mikhail Romm. The movie portrays the career of Feodor Ushakov, a celebrated naval officer and contemporary of Horatio Nelson. It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Boris Livanov, and Sergei Bondarchuk.


Adventure in Odessa

Adventure in Odessa () is a 1953 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Vasily Zhuravlyov. It stars Mikhail Kuznetsov, Evgeniy Samoylov, and Viktor Dobrovolsky.


Aleko (movie)

Aleko () is a 1953 Soviet movie directed by Sergei Sidelyov. The movie is based on Sergei Rachmaninoff's 1892 opera Aleko. It stars Aleksandr Ognivtsev, Mark Reizen, and Inna Zubkovskaya.


Alyosha Ptitsyn Grows Up

Alyosha Ptitsyn Grows Up () is a 1953 Soviet comedy movie directed by Anatoliy Granik. It stars Viktor Kargopoltsev, Olga Pyzhova, and Valentina Sperantova.


Attack from the Sea

Attack from the Sea () is a 1953 Soviet war drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. The movie is about the career of the Russian naval officer Fyodor Ushakov and the Siege of Corfu (1798–99). It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Gennadi Yudin, and Vladimir Druzhnikov.


The Boarder (1953 movie)

The Boarder () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov and Mstislav Korchagin. It stars Boris Chirkov, Sergei Kurilov, and Lidiya Dranovskaya.


Bride with a Dowry

Bride with a Dowry () is a 1953 Soviet movie. It was directed by Tatyana Lukashevich and Boris Ravenskih. The movie is a comedic musical. It stars Vera Vasilyeva, Vladimir Ushakov, and Vladimir Dorofeyev.

Chuk and Gek (movie)

Chuk and Gek () is a 1953 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Yura Chuchunov, Andrei Chilikin, and Dmitri Pavlov.


A Comrade's Honour

A Comrade's Honour () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Lebedev. It stars Konstantin Skorobogatov, Boris Kokovkin, and Gennadiy Michurin.

A Fortress in the Mountains

A Fortress in the Mountains () is a 1953 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Gerasimov and Konstantin Yudin. It stars Vladlen Davydov, Marina Kuznetsova, and Yelena Shatrova.


Hostile Whirlwinds

Hostile Whirlwinds () is a 1953 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Mikhail Kondratyev, Vladimir Yemelyanov, and Leonid Lyubashevsky.


Incident in the Taiga

Incident in the Taiga () is a 1953 Soviet action movie directed by Yuri Yegorov and Yuri Pobedonostsev. It stars Rimma Shorokhova, Boris Bityukov, and Aleksandr Antonov.


Lights on the River

Lights on the River () is a 1953 Soviet children's comedy movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Valery Pastukh, Nina Shorina, and Aleksandr Kopelev.


Lyubov Yarovaya

Lyubov Yarovaya () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Yan Frid. It stars Zinaida Karpova, Igor Gorbachyov, and Elena Granovskaya.


Marina's Destiny

Marina's Destiny () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Isaak Shmaruk and Viktor Ivchenko. It stars Yekaterina Litvinenko, Nikolai Gritsenko, and Tatyana Konyukhova.

Maksimka

Maksimka () is a 1953 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Braun. It stars Tolya Bovykin, Boris Andreyev, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Mysterious Discovery

Mysterious Discovery () is a 1953 Soviet family movie directed by Boris Buneev. It stars Aleksey Alekseev, Igor Bezyayev, and B. Dorochov.


Rimsky-Korsakov (movie)

Rimsky-Korsakov () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Gennadi Kazansky and Grigori Roshal. It stars Grigori Belov, Nikolai Cherkasov, and Aleksandr Borisov.


Shadows (1953 movie)

Shadows () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova and Nikolay Akimov. It stars Valentin Lebedev, Vladimir Petrov, and Galina Korotkevich.


Silvery Dust

Silvery Dust () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Mikhail Bolduman, Sofiya Pilyavskaya, and Valentina Ushakova.


Spring in Moscow

Spring in Moscow () is a 1953 Soviet movie directed by Iosif Kheifits and Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Galina Korotkevich, Vladimir Petrov, and Yuri Bublikov.


Stars of the Russian Ballet

Stars of the Russian Ballet () is a 1953 Soviet movie directed by Gerbert Rappaport. It stars Galina Ulanova, Konstantin Sergeyev, and Natalya Dudinskaya.


Steppe Dawns

Steppe Dawns () is a 1953 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Saakov. It stars Iya Arepina, Lev Frichinsky, and Nikolay Moskalenko. The movie is based on the eponymous novel by Boris Bedny.


The Anna Cross

The Anna Cross () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Alla Larionova, Vladimir Vladislavskiy, and Aleksandr Sashin-Nikolsky.


A Big Family

A Big Family () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Sergei Lukyanov, Boris Andreyev, and Vera Kuznetsova.


Boris Godunov (1954 movie)

Boris Godunov () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Vera Stroyeva. It stars Alexander Pirogov, Nikandr Khanayev, and Georgii Nelepp. The movie is based on the 1874 opera of the same name by Modest Mussorgsky and the 1825 play by Alexander Pushkin.


Certificate of Maturity

Certificate of Maturity () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich. It stars Vasily Lanovoy, Vadim Grachyov, and Galina Lyapina.


Commander of the Ship

Commander of the Ship () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Braun. It stars Mikhail Kuznetsov, Anatoly Verbitsky, and Ludmila Sokolova.


When We Were the New Boys

"When We Were the New Boys" is the eighteen studio album by Rod Stewart and was released on 29 May 1998. It is the first Rod Stewart album not the be released on vinyl. It went to number 1 in Scotland and number 2 in the United Kingdom.


Gambia national under-20 football team

"Gambia national under-20 football team" is a national association football of The Gambia and competed at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada where they finished in the second round.

Devotion (1954 movie)

Devotion () is a 1954 Soviet romance movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Sergei Romodanov, Marina Ladynina, and Leonid Gallis.


Did We Meet Somewhere Before

Did We Meet Somewhere Before () is a 1954 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nikolay Dostal and Andrey Tutyshkin. It stars Arkadi Rajkin, Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, and Mikhail Yanshin.


The Frigid Sea

The Frigid Sea () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Yegorov. It stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Valentin Grachyov, and Gennadi Yudin.


The Great Warrior Skanderbeg

The Great Warrior Skanderbeg () is a 1953 Soviet-Albanian drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Akaki Khorava, Besa Imami, and Adivie Alibali. The movie is a biography of George Kastriot Skanderbeg (1405–1468), widely known as Skanderbeg, a 15th-century Albanian lord who defended his land against the Ottoman Empire for more than two decades.


Least We Forget

Least We Forget () is a 1954 Soviet war movie directed by Leonid Lukov. It stars Sergey Bondarchuk, Lidiya Smirnova, and Olga Zhiznyeva.


Sakhalin Island (movie)

Sakhalin Island () is a 1954 Soviet movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov and Vasiliy Katanyan.

The Safety Match

The Safety Match () is a 1954 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Alexey Gribov, Andrei Popov, and Mikhail Yanshin.


School of Courage

School of Courage () is a 1954 Soviet war movie directed by Vladimir Basov and Mstislav Korchagin. It stars Leonid Kharitonov, Mark Bernes, and Vladimir Yemelyanov.


A Tale of the Forest Giant

A Tale of the Forest Giant () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Zguridi. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Lyudmila Skopina, and Lev Sverdlin.


Tamer of Tigers

Tamer of Tigers () is a 1954 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova and Aleksandr Ivanovsky. It stars Lyudmila Kasatkina, Pavel Kadochnikov, and Leonid Bykov.


The Boys from Leningrad

The Boys from Leningrad () is a 1954 Soviet comedy movie directed by Semyon Timoshenko. It stars Georgy Vitsin, Vsevolod Kuznetsov, and Elena Tyapkina.


Two Friends (1954 movie)

Two Friends () is a 1954 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Lyonya Krauklis, Vladimir Guskov, and Misha Aronov.


World Champion (movie)

World Champion () is a 1954 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Gonchukov. It stars Aleksey Vanin, Vladimir Volodin, and Vasily Merkuryev.


Behind Show Windows

Behind Show Windows () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Samson Samsonov. It stars Oleg Anofriev, Viktor Arkasov, and Olga Bgan.


The Crash of the Emirate

The Crash of the Emirate () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov and Latif Faiziyev. It stars Yevgeny Samoylov, K. Alimdzhanov, and Vladimir Krasnopolsky.


The Drummer's Fate

The Drummer's Fate () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Eisymont. It stars Daniil Sagal, Sergei Yasinsky, and Alla Larionova.


The Enchanted Boy

The Enchanted Boy () is a 1955 Soviet animated movie directed by Vladimir Polkovnikov and Aleksandra Snezhko-Blotskaya.

The First Echelon

The First Echelon () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Vsevolod Sanayev, Nikolay Annenkov, and Oleg Yefremov.


Solomon Islands national futsal team

The "Solomon Islands national futsal team" represents Solomon Islands in international futsal competitions and are a mainstay at the FIFA Futsal World Cup since 2008.

The Gadfly (1955 movie)

The Gadfly () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Faintsimmer. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Marianna Strizhenova, and Nikolai Simonov.


Good Morning (1955 movie)

Good Morning () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Andrey Frolov. It stars Tatyana Konyukhova, Izolda Izvitskaya, and Yuri Sarantsev.


The Grasshopper (1955 movie)

The Grasshopper () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Samson Samsonov. It stars Sergey Bondarchuk, Lyudmila Tselikovskaya, and Vladimir Druzhnikov. The movie is based on a short story of the same title by Anton Chekhov.


Heroes of Shipka

Heroes of Shipka () is a 1955 Soviet-Bulgarian drama movie directed by Sergei Vasilyev. It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Viktor Avdyushko, and Georgi Yumatov. The movie tells the story of the famous Battle of Shipka Pass during the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–78. 


Lyana

Lyana () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Kyunna Ignatova, Aleksandr Shvorin, and Muza Krepkogorskaya.

The Mexican (1955 movie)

The Mexican () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Kaplunovsky. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Boris Andreyev, and Daniil Sagal.


Mikhaylo Lomonosov

Mikhaylo Lomonosov () is a 1955 Soviet movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanov. It stars Boris Livanov, Asta Vihandi, and Vladimir Soshalsky.


Mother (1955 movie)

Mother () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Vera Maretskaya, Aleksey Batalov, and Tatyana Piletskaya. The movie is based on the 1906 eponymous novel by Maxim Gorky.


Princess Mary (movie)

Princess Mary () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Anatoliy Verbitskiy, K. Sanova, and Karina Shmarinova.


Private Ivan

Private Ivan () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Leonid Kharitonov, Sergey Blinnikov, and Tatyana Pelttser.


Romeo and Juliet (1955 movie)

Romeo and Juliet () is a 1955 Soviet movie directed by Lev Arnshtam and Leonid Lavrovsky. It stars Galina Ulanova, Yuri Zhdanov, and I. Olenina.


The Road (1955 movie)

The Road () is a 1955 Soviet action movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Andrei Popov, Vitaly Doronin, and Nikolai Gritsenko.


1934 Austrian Athletics Championships

The 1934 Austrian Athletics Championships () was the year's national championship in outdoor track and field for Austria. It consisted of 32 events: 23 events for men and 9 events for women.

1933 Austrian Athletics Championships

The 1933 Austrian Athletics Championships () was the year's national championship in outdoor track and field for Austria. It consisted of 41 events: 29 events for men and 12 events for women.

Smoke in the Forest (movie)

Smoke in the Forest () is a 1955 Soviet adventure movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov and Yuri Chulyukin. It stars Anatoli Berladin, Ludmila Genika-Chirkova, and Ira Luzanova.


Son (1955 movie)

Son () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Ozerov. It stars Leonid Kharitonov, Pyotr Konstantinov, and Varvara Kargashova.


Twelfth Night (1955 movie)

Twelfth Night () is a 1955 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yan Frid. It stars Klara Luchko, Alla Larionova, and Vadim Medvedev.


Two Captains (movie)

Two Captains () is a 1955 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Aleksandr Mikhaylov, Olga Zabotkina, and Anatoly Adoskin.


Unfinished Story

Unfinished Story () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Fridrikh Ermler. It stars Elina Bystritskaya, Sergey Bondarchuk, and Sofia Giatsintova.


Vasyok Trubachyov and His Comrades

Vasyok Trubachyov and His Comrades () is a 1955 Soviet adventure movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Oleg Vishnev, Aleksandr Chudakov, and Vladimir Semenovich.


Behind the Footlights

Behind the Footlights () is a 1956 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Konstantin Yudin. It stars Vasili Merkuryev, Liliya Yudina, and Tatyana Karpova.


Carnival Night

Carnival Night () is a 1956 Soviet movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Lyudmila Gurchenko, and Yuri Belov.


A Crazy Day

A Crazy Day () is a 1956 Soviet comedy movie directed by Andrey Tutyshkin. It stars Igor Ilyinsky, Sergey Martinson, and Serafima Birman.


Different Fortunes

Different Fortunes () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Lukov. It stars Tatyana Piletskaya, Yulian Panich, and Georgi Yumatov.


The Forty-First (1956 movie)

The Forty-First () is a 1956 Soviet war drama movie directed by Grigori Chukhrai. It stars Izolda Izvitskaya, Oleg Strizhenov, and Nikolai Kryuchkov.


For the Power of the Soviets

For the Power of the Soviets () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Buneev. It stars Aleksey Alekseev, Boris Chirkov, and Sergei Kurilov.


Wanksta

"Wanksta" is a song by American rapper 50 Cent. It is the second single off of the from the 2002 movie "8 Mile". The song also appeared on G-Unit's second mixtape "No Mercy, No Fear" and 50 Cent's first studio album "Get Rich or Die Tryin'".The song was released on November 5, 2002. The song was able to make it to #13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and is certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). 

50 describes a Wanksta as "a gangsta that doesn't progress. [Someone] that just goes through the cycle constantly. Most gangstas' actions are for finances -- they're motivated by money, the root of all evil -- but how are you gangsta and you're not getting any money? You're going back and forth to jail. And you're telling stories like, yeah I'm gonna get this [BMW]. And then we see you at the car lot, and you're there looking at the [BMW], and you still don't get it."

Eminem released a remix as diss song on Ja Rule on his 2004 box set "The Singles".


The Girl and the Crocodile

The Girl and the Crocodile () is a 1956 Soviet comedy movie directed by Iosif Gindin and Isaak Menaker. It stars Elena Granovskaya, Evgeniy Teterin, and Natalya Polinkovskaya.

Honeymoon (1956 movie)

Honeymoon () is a 1956 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Lyudmila Kasatkina, Pavel Kadochnikov, and Tatyana Pankova.


Ilya Muromets (movie)

Ilya Muromets () is a 1956 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Boris Andreyev, Ninel Myshkova, and Shukur Burkhanov.


The Immortal Garrison

The Immortal Garrison () is a 1956 Soviet war movie directed by Zakhar Agranenko and Eduard Tisse. It stars Vasili Makarov, Vladimir Yemelyanov, and Nikolai Kryuchkov.


The Killers (1956 movie)

The Killers () is a 1956 Soviet movie directed by Marika Beiku, Aleksandr Gordon and Andrei Tarkovsky. It stars Yuli Fait, Aleksandr Gordon, and Valentin Vinogradov. The movie is an adaptation of a short story by Ernest Hemingway.


Maksim Perepelitsa

Maksim Perepelitsa () is a 1956 Soviet comedy movie directed by Anatoliy Granik. It stars Leonid Bykov, Lyudmila Kostirko, and Nikolai Yakovchenko.


Murder on Dante Street

Murder on Dante Street () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Yevgeniya Kozyreva, Mikhail Kozakov, and Nikolai Komissarov.


Malaysia national futsal team

The Malaysia national futsal team represents Malaysia in international futsal competitions and attended the 1996 FIFA Futsal World Cup.

Old Khottabych

Old Khottabych () is a 1956 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Gennadi Kazansky. It stars Nikolay Volkov, Alexey Litvinov, and Genya Khudyskov.


1935 Austrian Athletics Championships

The 1935 Austrian Athletics Championships () was the year's national championship in outdoor track and field for Austria. It consisted of 42 events: 30 events for men and 12 events for women.

Othello (1955 movie)

Othello () is a 1955 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Sergei Bondarchuk, Andrei Popov, and Irina Skobtseva. The movie is based on the play Othello by William Shakespeare.


Other People's Relatives

Other People's Relatives () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Schweitzer. It stars Nikolai Rybnikov, Nonna Mordyukova, and Nikolai Sergeyev.


The Poet (1956 movie)

The Poet () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Izolda Izvitskaya, and Sergey Dvoretskiy.


Sasha Enters Life

Sasha Enters Life () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Schweitzer. It stars Oleg Tabakov, Viktor Avdyushko, and Nikolai Sergeyev.


1933 WAAA Championships

The 1933 WAAA Championships were the 12th national track and field championships for women in the United Kingdom. The tournament was held on 15 July 1933at the White City Stadium in London, United Kingdom, with the cross country event being held in Warwick.

At the championships also four women from the Netherlands participated, sent by the ENDAT. The Dutch Gerda de Kock became champion in the shot put and javelin throw event, both in a new Enlgish record. According to Dutch newspapers the audience seemed to be pleased with the Dutch participants, their good style and sporting achievements. Gerda de Kock who won two titles, became the focus of photographers and film cameras. The Dutch ladies won two titles and finished three times in second place.

Gerda de Kock won the shot put event in a "new English record". Dutch newspapers wrote she improved the English national record from 32 ft. 11 inch to 33 ft. 8 inch (10.25 metres). The throw of 10.40 metres of the Dutch Munnikes was invalid. She finished in second place with 10.09 metres. De Kock also became champion in the javelin throw event with 36.10, "beating the English record with 4 feet and 2 inches". Title holder Halstead finished in second place. The national records described by the Dutch press, became never official English national records. 

Bets ter Horst, who was very nervous at the start, finished in second place in the 80 metres hurdles behind Elsie Green. With 12.3 seconds Ter Horst was fasther than the Dutch national record.

Cor Pels finished second in the discus throw event behind Ada Holland.

It rained during the competitions. The stadium was well filled with spectators. 
⚥ later identified as a man. Edith Halstead used the name when being a man the name Edwin Halstead. Lillian Chalmers later used the name Leonard Chalmers.

Source:

Schultze's stream frog

Schultze's stream frog ("Ptychohyla leonhardschultzei") is a frog. It lives in Mexico. It lives on the Pacific side (west side) of the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains. It lives in the states of Oaxaca and Guerrero. People have seen this frog between 700 and 2000 meters above sea level.

Some scientists said they had seen this frog on the Atlantic side (east side) of the mountains, but this was really another frog: "Ptychohyla zophodes".

List of vice presidents of India

The vice president of India is the second highest constitutional office in the government of India after the president. 
Due to Article 63 of the Constitution of India, the vice president discharges the functions of the president when a contingency arises due to the resignation, removal, death, impeachment or inability. 
The vice president is also the "ex officio" chairperson of the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India.

-Died in office-Resigned

Sierra de los Cuchumatanes

The Sierra de los Cuchumatanes is a group of mountains in Guatemala.

The mountains formed during the Cretaceous Period. The Altos de Chiantla is a table-shaped land in the Sierra. It had an ice cap.

Historians don't know what people used the Sierra and the Altos de Chiantla for before the Spanish came to Mesoamerica. They think only a few people lived there. After the Spanish came to Mesoamerica, they brought sheep. Historians are not sure whether the Spanish brought potatoes to the Sierra or whether South Americans and Mesoamericans brought potatoes there first. But they do know there was more potato farming after the Spanish came.

When sheep eat the plants and grass, sometimes the soil is pushed away by the rain and wind. This is called erosion. This is a problem in the Sierra.

Some scholars say that the plants of Sierra de los Chuchumatanes are more like the plants in the Andes Mountains in South America than like plants in the rest of Mesoamerica.

The plants in this place are páramo grasslands, but there are also some trees: juniper and pines in small groups and forests of fir trees. However, the sheep eat many new plants, so most trees grow in places that are too steep for the sheep to walk.

People in the Sierra de los Chuchumantanes grow potatoes and sheep. They do not grow corn the way people closer to sea level do. This is because the weather is colder higher up in the mountains.

There are hundreds of miles of stone fences in the Sierra. This keeps the sheep from moving too far away. People put soil on top of the stone fences. They grow plants, for example, agave, in the soil on top of the fences.

Many young people leave the Sierra for work. Some of them come to the United States. They send money back home to their families on the Sierra. This money is called remittances. The families use the money to build things: new houses, water systems for their farms, and electricity. They also buy pickup trucks so they can take their potatoes and wool to markets. This way, they can sell them for better prices.

Some people still live in Mayan-style houses: They have roofs made of grass called thatch. But with young people sending money home, their families have built cinder block houses. These houses have roofs made of metal. Most of them have two floors. There are fewer rats in cinder block houses than in houses with grass roofs.

The traditional Mayan sweat bath is called a "chuj". It is made of rock with a live sod roof. This means the roof is made of earth with plants growing out of it. With young people sending money home, their families have built new chuj out of cinder blocks.

Soldiers (movie)

Soldiers () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanov. It stars Vsevolod Safonov, Innokentiy Smoktunovskiy, and Tamara Loginova.


Spring on Zarechnaya Street

Spring on Zarechnaya Street () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Feliks Mironer and Marlen Khutsiev. It stars Nina Ivanova, Nikolai Rybnikov, and Vladimir Gulyaev.


They Were the First

They Were the First () is a 1956 Soviet war drama movie directed by Yuri Egorov. It stars Georgi Yumatov, Liliana Alyoshnikova, and Mark Bernes.


Bernice Steyl

Bernice Steyl married name Bernice Du Plessis (11 May 1911 — 7 July 2008) was a South African track an field athlete specialized in the shot put.

Steyl was, like Marjorie Clark and Barbara Burke, a South African women who was forced by South African administrator to compete overseas in Great Britain. She became champion of England after winning the shot put event at the 1930 WAAA Championships.

Steyl married in 1938 to Josias Hendrik Otto du Plessis (1906-1960) who was Administrator of Cape Province. They had one child and she was grandmother. She died on 7 July 2008 at the age of 97. She is burried in Stellenbosch, South Africa.

Chuj (bathhouse)

A chuj is a traditional Mayan bathhouse. It is a sweat bath or steam bath. Traditional chuj had stone walls and live sod roofs. This means the roof was made of earth or soil and had plants growing on it. Today, some chuj are made out of cinder blocks instead.

Each family would build their own chuj near their house out of stone or adobe bricks. The chuj has no windows. Inside, the people heat rocks until they are hot. Then they throw water onto the rocks to make steam. The bathers lie down on wooden beds in the hut. The traditional belief is that the chuj cleans the body and also the spirit and mind.

1932 WAAA Championships

The 1932 WAAA Championships were the 11th national track and field championships for women in the United Kingdom. The tournament was held in London (SB), United Kingdom, with the cross country event being held in Coventry.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Latre identified as Edith Halstead.

The Twelve Months (1956 movie)

The Twelve Months () is a 1956 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Mikhail Botov.

A Weary Road

A Weary Road () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Gaidai and Valentin Nevzorov. It stars Sergei Yakovlev, Vladimir Belokurov, and Kyunna Ignatova.


The White Poodle

The White Poodle () is a 1956 Soviet drama movie directed by Marianna Roshal and Vladimir Shredel. It stars Viktor Koltsov, Vladimir Polyakov, and Natalia Gitserot.


And Quiet Flows the Don (1958 movie)

And Quiet Flows the Don () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Pyotr Glebov, Elina Bystritskaya, and Zinaida Kiriyenko. The movie is based on the novel of the same title by Mikhail Sholokhov.


Close to Us

Close to Us () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Adolf Bergunker. It stars Leonid Bykov, Innokenty Smoktunovsky, and Klara Luchko.


Don Quixote (1957 movie)

Don Quixote () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev. It stars Nikolay Cherkasov, Yuri Tolubeyev, and Serafima Birman.


Dickinson College

Dickinson College is a liberal arts college in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. Benjamin Rush founded it in 1783. It is one of the first colleges in the United States. The college is named after John Dickinson. He and Rush were signers of the US Declaration of Independence. Dickinson was originally the Carlisle Grammar School. The college has about 42 majors. There is also a Dickinson School of Law. 

Grenadian Americans

Grenadian Americans are Americans whose ancestry came from the Caribbean island of Grenada, or Grenadians who have American citizenship.

American Philosophical Society

American Philosophical Society is an academic institution that supports research and scholarship. Benjamin Franklin founded the society in 1743 in Philadelphia. It was the first learned society in the United States. There are meetings, publications, grants and community outreach. The society supports research in the humanities and sciences. The building includes a museum and library. There are a couple thousand of members in the society. There are also honorary members. 

The society gives out awards in academia. 

Three Sisters (agriculture)

The Three Sisters are three types of crops. They are winter squash, maize ("corn"), and beans. Native Americans are known to use these crops. They were originally from Mesoamerica (present-day Mexico). Companion planting was often used with these crops. These crops could grow better when combined. The crops were important in Cahokian, Mississippian, Muscogee, Haudenosaunee, Maya, Mandan and Iroquois cultures. The Three Sisters were important for food and trade. The crops, especially maize helped population growth.

Creek (disambiguation)

A creek in North America is a stream. 

Creek might also refer to:


Hogar de HGTV

Hogar de HGTV is an American TV channel.

Virgin Islands Americans

Stateside Virgin Islands Americans are West Indian Americans who hold US citizenship and who have migrated from the U.S. Virgin Islands to the continental United States and Hawaii, and their descendants.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 200 metres

The 200 metres at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the German Käthe Krauß won the event in 24.9 seconds ahead of Polish Stella Walasiewicz and British Eileen Hiscock.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 200 metres event.
<nowiki>*</nowiki> The Dutch Tollien Schuurman injured herself after winning her semi-final 60 metres event. She was replaced and the Dutch Cor Aalten and Beb Martin competed in the 200 metres event.

The heats took place on 9 August.

Sources:

The semi-finals took place on 10 August.

Source:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.
Note: in Dutch newspaper sources the Canadian Palmer is listed in third place, without mentioning Hiscock at all. However, all database sources uses Hiscock as third in the event.

Sources:

Rai Italia

Rai Italia is the English language television service of Rai Internazionale, Italy's public national broadcaster. Rai Italia broadcasts around the world on three feeds. The programming it airs is a mix of news, discussion-based programs, drama and documentaries. It also broadcasts sports coverage. This includes four live games per week from Italy's top football league, Serie A. 

Norris Winslow

Norris M. Winslow (May 19, 1835 – May 10, 1900) was an American banker and politician. He built almost 100 buildings in Watertown, New York.

Norris Winslow was born on May 19, 1835 in Watertown, New York as the son of John Winslow and Betsey Collins Winslow. He attended public schools in Fields Settlement, New York. He also studied at Falley Seminary and Watertown High School. He graduated in 1854, and he became a clerk in a department store owned by Truman Keeler in Watertown, and he was paid $2 a week. After about two years, he bought the stores stock, and became a merchant. 

In 1866, he opened the Merchants' Bank of Watertown. In April 1870, the bank was incorporated as a stock company, and he became chief executive officer of the company. In 1869, he bought a cotton factory in Factory Square in Watertown, and he started to heavily improve the square. The Carthage, Watertown and Sackets Harbor Railroad started to be built in 1872, and Winslow was one of the directors. In 1873, he built the Winslow Block, a building in the Public Square in Watertown. He built almost 100 buildings in the southeastern part of Watertown. 

Winslow was also the chief executive officer of the Watertown Fire Insurance Company, and he was a shareholder of the Davis Sewing Machine Company. The Watertown Spring Wagon Company was started because of him. He was a member of the New York State Senate (18th D.) from 1870 to 1873, in the 93rd, 94th, 95th and 96th New York State Legislatures as a Republican. He was a special agent in the U.S. Treasury Department from 1882 to 1890, but he quit because he was ill.

He married Julia Elizabeth Eddy on April 16, 1862. They had two children, Harry Eddy Winslow, who was born on June 17, 1863, and Jenny Louise Winslow, who was born on February 21, 1865.

Winslow died on May 10, 1900, and he was buried at Brookside Cemetery in Watertown, New York.


Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 800 metres

The 800 metres at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the Zdena Koubková won the event in a new world record of 2 minutes and 12.8 seconds, ahead of Swedish Märtha Wretman and British Gladys Lunn.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 800 metres event.

The semi-finals took place on 9 August.

Sources:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.
Sources:

Wrong Number (The Cure song)

"Wrong Number" is a 1997 song by the English rock band The Cure and was released as a single from their album "Galore".

Lullaby (The Cure song)

"Lullaby" is a song by the English gothic rock band The Cure. It was released on 10 April 1989 and from their eighth album "Disintegration". It was a top ten hit in the United Kingdom, Germany, Ireland, New Zealand, Italy, Netherlands, Austria, Norway and Spain.

The US-only single "Fascination Street" included the B-sides from the UK release of "Lullaby". Therefore, the US release needed some new B-sides. The two live cuts, "Homesick" and "Untitled", are from the limited edition live album "Entreat", which was recorded during the Disintegration Tour.

The song was remixed for single release, giving it more of an electronic feel.




Muscogee

The Muscogee or Mvskoke, Muscogee Creek are a Native American people from the Southeastern Woodlands. Today this is Tennessee, Alabama, western Georgia and northern Florida. Their languages are Muscogee, Mvskoke and Hitchiti-Mikasuki. The languages are part of the Muscogean language family. The Seminole people come from the Muscogee tribes. The Muscogee historically formed the Muscogee Confederacy. 

The Muscogee Confederacy included several Upper Towns and several Lower Towns. Abihka, Coosa, Tuckabutche, and Coweta were the four earliest towns. 

The Muscogee Confederacy had particular social structure. The social unit was the town ("idalwa"). The "mico" was village chief and most important man. "Micos" were warriors. "Micalgi" were lower chiefs. The "heniha" was second in charge. The "tustunnuggee" were ranked warriors. The clan was another social group. They dealt with land, hunts, marriages and crimes. 

Early Muscogee were part of the Mississippian culture. They built cities and were mound builders. Notable mound sites are the Ocmulgee, Etowah Indian Mounds, and Moundville sites.

Spanish were early Europeans to meet the Muscogee in the 16th century. 

Natives had interpretations for two special events. One was the Great Comet of 1811. The other was the 1812 New Madrid Earthquake. Many thought the events meant that they should support the Shawnee. 

There was conflict between the Upper and Lower Towns of the Muscogee. This eventually lead to the Red Stick War (Creek War, 1813–1814). It was connected to the War of 1812. Europeans also got involved in the war. Shawnee leader Tecumseh led the Northern towns. They lost against the Southern Muscogee and General Andrew Jackson. In 1814, the Muscogee signed the Treaty of Fort Jackson. They had to give up a lot of land. The Muscogee spread out to different regions after this. Several went to Florida. 

In Florida, Andrew Jackson attacked the Seminole in 1817. The Natives had been raiding towns. The Seminole lost and many moved inland. 

The Muscogee were forced to leave their homes during the Trail of Tears in the 1830s. Most went to Indian Territory (Oklahoma). Some remaining Muscogee moved to Florida and formed the Seminole. Also many of these Seminole were forced to leave. Some moved south to the Everglades. 

The Muscogee were considered part of the so-called "Five Civilized Tribes". The Europeans saw how technologically advanced these natives were and thought they were civilized. 

"Opothleyahola" was a chief of the Muscogee during the American Civil War. He wanted that the Muscogee stay neutral. Later they supported the Union and blacks.

Scampurr

Scampurr is a brand name of a recreational vehicle. The Scampurr was designed to go on land like a Go-Kart and over snow like a snowmobile. The vehicle was invented by Philip R. Hetland in 1967. It entered commercial production in Moorhead, Minnesota. The original company making the Scampurr was Hetland Enterprises. Later, production rights were sold to Leisure Industries in Edina, Minnesota.

Interpol notice

An Interpol notice is an international alert that is displayed in all European and connected countries. The message shows a wanted notice for a certain person or persons. It is like the FBI's Most Wanted list.

Serhii Parkhomenko

Serhii Ihorovych Parkhomenko (  January 14, 1997, Kharkiv —  May 14, 2022, Gulyaipole, Zaporizhzhia oblast) — Ukrainian military serviceman, captain of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, participant in the Russian-Ukrainian war. Hero of Ukraine (2022, posthumous).

He was born on January 14, 1997 in the city of Kharkiv, in a family of military aviators. Since childhood, he dreamed of the sky and wanted to connect his life with aviation. He graduated from the Ivan Bohun Kyiv Military Lyceum.

At the time when his father Ihor Parkhomenko was performing combat missions in the air during the war with Russian proxyes in eastern Ukraine in 2014, Serhiy entered the flight faculty of the Ivan Kozhedub National Technical University, which he successfully graduated in 2019, having obtained the qualification of a 3rd class pilot.

Following the example of his father and grandfather, Serhii expressed a desire to serve in the tactical aviation brigade named after Lieutenant General Vasyl Nikiforov and to fly Su-25 aircraft. Despite his young age, at the time of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, he already held the position of commander of the aviation unit. Since the first day of repelling the Russian invasion of Ukraine, he has carried out 38 sorties in difficult conditions with enemy air defense and fighter aircraft, during which he destroyed more than 20 enemy tanks, more than 50 armored combat vehicles, 55 vehicles, 20 fuel tanks and several hundred soldiers and officers of the Rashists.

For the courage and patriotism shown during the defense of the Motherland against Russian aggression, by Decree of the President of Ukraine No. 292/2022 dated May 2, 2022 he was awarded the Order of Bohdan Khmelnytsky III Class.

On May 14, 2022, Captain Serhiy Parkhomenko died heroically while performing a combat mission in the Zaporizhzhia region near the city of Gulyaipole.

Since the hostilities were going on in the region where Serhiy came from, the Hero was buried on May 18, 2022 in Vinnytsia.

He was survived by his parents, wife and son, who was born in March 2022.



John Winslow (politician)

John Winslow (December 19, 1802 – July 7, 1874) was an American soldier and politician.

John Winslow was born on December 19, 1802 in Woodstock, Vermont. His mother was Lucy Winslow, and his father was Samuel Winslow. In May, 1807, his parents moved from Woodstock to a log cabin in a forest 2.75 miles away from the city of Watertown, New York. He lived in the cabin for most of his life, but he moved away on January 7, 1870. He did not have a lot of education, but he went to Lowville Academy in Lowville, New York for one term.

On January 19, 1826, Winslow became ensign of the 76th Infantry Regiment. In 1827 he was promoted lieutenant, and on September 26, 1828, he was promoted to captain. On November 6, 1849 he became a member of the 73rd New York State Legislature, in the first district, as a democrat. In 1853 he became president of the Jefferson County Agricultural Society.

On October 18, 1827, John Winslow married Betsey Collins. John and Betsey had five children, Bradley, Norris, Betsey, Lucy, and Jennie. Betsey died in 1843. John married Sarah Bates on May 23, 1844. John and Sarah had one son. John Winslow died on July 7, 1874, in the city of Watertown from congestion. He was buried in Brookside Cemetery in Watertown, New York.

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Cowabunga Collection

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Cowabunga Collection is a compilation of video games developed by Digital Eclipse and published by Konami. It features 13 "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" video games developed by Konami during the 80s and 90s. It was released for Windows via Steam, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X/S on August 30, 2022.

Niko Verona

Niko Verona (stage name), whose real name is Maciej Zamiatowski (b. Warsaw, March 5, 1985) is a polish actor based in spain whose career includes television, theater and cinema. Known for his character as Cachopo in Sky Rojo and as Tomás in the feature film Standard.

Bo Svensson

Bo Svensson (born 4 August 1979) is a Danish professional football coach and a former defender. He is manager of Mainz 05 in the German Bundesliga.

He has played three games for the Denmark national football team.

He started playing youth football with Kjøbenhavns Boldklub (KB). He moved from KB to FC Kopenhagen in June 1999. He debuted in September 1999. In March 2000 he played for Danish under-21 national team.

With FCK he won the 2001 Danish Superliga championship and the 2003 Superliga. He won 2004 Superliga and Danish Cup. The 2004–05 season was less successful, but FCK managed won the 2005 Royal League tournament. With his FCK contract running out one year later, in the summer 2006, Svensson looked for a new club, and left FCK in the winter break 2005. He played a total of 196 official games for FCK.

In January 2006 he went to Borussia Mönchengladbach in the German Bundesliga. In May 2006 he played for the Danish national team. In summer 2007 he was transferred to Mainz 05. After the 2013–14 season he retired from professional football.

Svensson started his coaching career as an assistant coach for Mainz 05. In June 2015 he became a youth coach for the club. In 2017 Svensson took over the under 19 squad of Mainz.

In 2019, he became the head coach of FC Liefering in the 2. Liga in Austria. Under his leadership the team finished the 2019–20 season in third place. In the beginning of the 2020–21 season the team was in the second place after 13 games.

On 4 January 2021 Svensson became the new head coach of his former club Mainz 05 in the Bundesliga.

List of programs broadcast by BET

This is a list of current, former, and upcoming programming on BET (Black Entertainment Television).

These shows have been picked up by BET for additional seasons after having aired previous seasons on another network.




















Duel (1957 movie)

Duel () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Petrov. It stars Nikolai Komissarov, Andrei Popov, and Yuri Puzyryov.


Ekaterina Voronina (movie)

Ekaterina Voronina () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Lyudmila Khityaeva, Sergey Bobrov, and Vera Pashennaya.


The Girl Without an Address

The Girl Without an Address () is a 1957 Soviet movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Svetlana Karpinskaya, Nikolai Rybnikov, and Erast Garin.



Gutta-percha Boy

Gutta-percha Boy () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Gerasimov. It stars Alexey Gribov, Mikhail Nazvanov, and Aleksandr Popov.


The House I Live In (1957 movie)

The House I Live In () is a 1957 Soviet war movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov and Yakov Segel. It stars Vladimir Zemlyanikin, Yevgeny Matveyev, and Rimma Shorohova.


It Happened in Penkovo

It Happened in Penkovo () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Maya Menglet, Svetlana Druzhinina, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Leningrad Symphony (movie)

Leningrad Symphony () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Zakhar Agranenko. It stars Vladimir Solovyov, Mark Pertsovsky, and Olga Malko.


A Lesson in History

A Lesson in History () is a 1957 Soviet-Bulgarian drama movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. It stars Stefan Savov, Tzvetana Arnaudova, and Ivan Tonev.


Malva (1957 movie)

Malva () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Braun. It stars Dzidra Ritenberga, Pavel Usovenichenko, and Anatoly Ignatiev.


Miles of Fire

Miles of Fire () is a 1957 Soviet movie directed by Samson Samsonov. It stars Igor Savkin, Margarita Volodina, and Mikhail Troyanovsky.


Road to the Stars

Road to the Stars () is a 1957 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Pavel Klushantsev. It stars Georgy Solovyov.

The Sisters (1957 movie)

The Sisters () is a 1957 Soviet movie directed by Grigori Roshal.

Stories About Lenin

Stories About Lenin () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Maksim Shtraukh, Maria Pastukhova, and Anna Lisyanskaya.


Street Full of Surprises

Street Full of Surprises () is a 1957 Soviet comedy movie directed by Sergei Sidelyov. It stars Leonid Kharitonov, Vsevolod Larionov, and Georgi Chernovolenko.


Trubachyov's Detachment Is Fighting

Trubachyov's Detachment Is Fighting () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Oleg Vishnev, Vladimir Semenovich, and Aleksandr Chudakov.


A Unique Spring

A Unique Spring () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Yevgeniya Kozyreva, Izolda Izvitskaya, and Aleksandr Mikhaylov.


An Unusual Summer

An Unusual Summer () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov. It stars Viktor Korshunov, Roza Makagonova, and Vladimir Yemelyanov.


The Wrestler and the Clown

The Wrestler and the Clown () is a 1957 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Barnet and Konstantin Yudin. It stars Stanislav Chekan, Aleksandr Mikhaylov, and Yuriy Medvedev.


Beloved Beauty

Beloved Beauty () is a 1958 Soviet animated movie directed by Vladimir Degtyaryov.

The Captain's Daughter (1958 movie)

The Captain's Daughter () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Kaplunovskiy. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Sergei Lukyanov, and Iya Arepina.


The City Turns the Lights On

The City Turns the Lights On () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Nikolay Pogodin, Elena Dobronravova, and Oleg Borisov.


The Communist (movie)

The Communist () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Yevgeni Urbansky, Sofia Pavlova, and Boris Smirnov.


E.A. — Extraordinary Accident

E.A. — Extraordinary Accident () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Ivchenko. It stars Mikhail Kuznetsov, Alexander Anurov, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Fathers and Sons (1958 movie)

Fathers and Sons () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Adolf Bergunker and Natalya Rashevskaya. It stars Viktor Avdyushko, Eduard Martsevich, and Aleksey Konsovsky.


A Girl with Guitar

A Girl with Guitar () is a 1958 Soviet comedy movie directed by Alexander Feinzimmer. It stars Lyudmila Gurchenko, Mikhail Zharov, and Vladimir Gusev.


A Groom from the Other World

A Groom from the Other World () is a 1958 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Rostislav Plyatt, Georgi Vitsin, and Vera Altayskaya.


Hard Happiness

Hard Happiness () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Mikhail Kozakov, Valery Ashurov, and Viktor Avdyushko.


The Idiot (1958 movie)

The Idiot () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Yuri Yakovlev, Yuliya Borisova, and Nikita Podgorny. The movie is based on Part 1 of the eponymous 1869 novel by Fyodor Dostoevsky.


Ivan Brovkin on the State Farm

Ivan Brovkin on the State Farm () is a 1958 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Leonid Kharitonov, Sergei Blinnikov, and Tatyana Pelttser.

The Last Inch

The Last Inch () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikita Kurikhin and Teodor Vulfovich. It stars Vladislav Muratov, Nikolai Kryukov, and Mikhail Gluzskiy.


Life in Your Hands

Life in Your Hands () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Rozantsev. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Iosif Kutyansky, and Viktor Chekmaryov.

The Magpie (movie)

The Magpie () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Naum Trakhtenberg. It stars Zinaida Kirienko, Nikolai Afanasyev, and Vladimir Pokrovskiy.


Mister Iks

Mister Iks () is a 1958 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yuli Khmelnitsky. It stars Georg Ots, Marina Yurasova, and Glikeriya Bogdanova-Chesnokova.


My Beloved (movie)

My Beloved () is a 1958 Soviet movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Aleksey Batalov, Inna Makarova, and Pyotr Konstantinov.

October Days (movie)

October Days () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Vasilyev. It stars Vladimir Chestnokov, V. Brener, and Leonid Lyubashevsky.


Over Tissa

Over Tissa () is a 1958 Soviet thriller movie directed by Dmitri Vasilyev. It stars Valentin Zubkov, Athanasius Kochetkov, and Tatyana Konyukhova.


Poem of the Sea

Poem of the Sea () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuliya Solntseva. It stars Boris Livanov, Boris Andreyev, and Mikhail Tsaryov.


Two Fyodors

Two Fyodors () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Marlen Khutsiev. It stars Vasily Shukshin, Nikolai Chursin, and Tamara Syomina.


The Variegateds Case

The Variegateds Case () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Dostal. It stars Andrei Abrikosov, Vladimir Kenigson, and Aleksandra Kazakova.

Time of Taiga Snowdrop

Time of Taiga Snowdrop () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Yaropolk Lapshin. It stars Valentina Dagbayeva, Buda Vampilov, and Mariya Stepanova.


Volunteers (1958 movie)

Volunteers () is a 1958 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Egorov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Pyotr Shcherbakov, and Leonid Bykov.


Aetosaur

Aetosaurs were heavily armoured reptiles in the extinct order Aetosauria. They were medium- to large-sized pseudosuchians. They were omnivorous or herbivorous

The aetosaurs were archosaurs more closely related to crocodilians than to dinosaurs. All known aetosaurs lived in the Upper Triassic. In some strata they are quite common. 

They had small heads, upturned snouts, erect limbs, and a body ornamented with four rows of plate-like osteoderms (bony scutes). Aetosaur fossil remains are found in Europe, North and South America, parts of Africa, and India. 

Since their armoured plates are often preserved and are common in certain places, aetosaurs serve as important Upper Triassic tetrapod index fossils. Many aetosaurs had wide geographic ranges, but they did not survive long. Their stratigraphic ranges were short. Therefore, the presence of particular aetosaurs accurately dates the site where they are found.

Over 20 genera of aetosaurs have been described. Two distinct subdivisions of aetosaurs are currently recognized, Desmatosuchia and Aetosaurinae, based primarily on broad differences in skull morphology. Osteoderms structure is generally one of the most useful traits for classification. Among other archosaurs, aetosaurs are most closely related to "Revueltosaurus", a small reptile whose teeth were once mistaken for those of a herbivorous dinosaur.

The Adventures of Buratino (1959 movie)

The Adventures of Buratino () is a 1959 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Dmitriy Babichenko.

Annushka (movie)

Annushka () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Irina Skobtseva, Anastasiya Georgievskaya, and Boris Babochkin.


Ballad of a Soldier

Ballad of a Soldier () is a 1959 Soviet war drama movie directed by Grigory Chukhray. It stars Vladimir Ivashov, Zhanna Prokhorenko, and Antonina Maksimova.


‏‎
The Sky Beckons

The Sky Beckons () is a 1959 Soviet science-fiction movie directed by Mikhail Karyukov and Aleksandr Kozyr. It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Alexander Shvoryn, and Constantine Bartashevich.


Cruelty (movie)

Cruelty () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Skuybin. It stars Georgi Yumatov, Apollon Yachnitsky, and Boris Andreyev.


Eugene Onegin (1959 movie)

Eugene Onegin () is a 1959 Soviet movie directed by Roman Tikhomirov. It stars Vadim Medvedev, Igor Ozerov, and Ariadna Shengelaya.


Achères, Cher

Achères is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 380 as of 2019.

Ainay-le-Vieil

Ainay-le-Vieil is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 191 as of January 2019.

Les Aix-d'Angillon

Les Aix-d’Angillon is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 1,889 as of January 2019.

Allogny

Allogny is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 1,070 as of January 2019.

Allouis

Allouis is a commune in the Cher department of the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 1,068 as of January 2019.

Female Age-Mates

Female Age-Mates () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Ordynsky. It stars Lyudmila Krylova, Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina, and Margarita Koselyeva.


Foma Gordeyev (movie)

Foma Gordeyev () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Sergei Lukyanov, Georgi Yepifantsev, and Pavel Tarasov.


Annoix

Annoix () is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 237 as of January 2019.

Girl Seeks Father

Girl Seeks Father () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Golub. It stars Anna Kamenkova, Vladimir Guskov, and Nikolai Barmin.


The Golden Eshelon

The Golden Eshelon () is a 1959 Soviet war movie directed by Ilya Gurin. It stars Vasiliy Shukshin, Elena Dobronravova, and Harijs Liepins.


I Was a Satellite of the Sun

I Was a Satellite of the Sun () is a 1959 Soviet science-fiction movie directed by Viktor Morgenstern. It stars P. Makhotin, V. Ymelyanov, and G. Shamshurin. The story is told as an autobiography of the astronaut character Andrew, and set in the future, where space flight is common.


Arçay, Cher

Arçay () is a commune in the Cher department, Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 500 as of January 2019.

Arcomps

Arcomps is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 283 as of January 2019.

Ardenais

Ardenais () is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 199 as of January 2019.

Iriston's Son

Iriston's Son () is a 1959 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Chebotaryov. It stars Vladimir Tkhapsaev, Lia Eliava, and Nina Alisova.


Ivanna (movie)

Ivanna () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Ivchenko. It stars Inna Burduchenko, Anatoly Motornyi, and Dana Kruk.


A Home for Tanya

A Home for Tanya () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov. It stars Vera Kuznetsova, Lyudmila Marchenko, and Valentin Zubkov.


Letter Never Sent (movie)

Letter Never Sent () is a 1960 Soviet adventure drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Tatiana Samoilova, and Vasily Livanov.


May Stars

May Stars () is a 1959 Soviet-Czechoslovak war movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Aleksandr Khanov, Míša Staninec, and Jana Dítětová.


Argent-sur-Sauldre

Argent-sur-Sauldre (literally "Argent on Sauldre") is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 2,063 as of January 2019.

Argenvières

Argenvières is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 440 as of January 2019.

Arpheuilles, Cher

Arpheuilles is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 304 as of January 2019.

Assigny, Cher

Assigny is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 148 as of January 2019.

Mumu (1959 movie)

Mumu () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Anatoliy Bobrovskiy and Evgeniy Teterin. It stars Afanasi Kochetkov, Nina Grebeshkova, and Yelena Polevitskaya.


The Overcoat (1959 movie)

The Overcoat () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksey Batalov. It stars Rolan Bykov, Yuri Tolubeyev, and Aleksandra Yozhkina. The movie is based on Nikolai Gogol's story The Overcoat.


People on the Bridge

People on the Bridge () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Zarkhi. It stars Vasili Merkuryev, Natalya Medvedeva, and Aleksandra Zavyalova.


Sampo (movie)

Sampo () is a 1959 Soviet Finnish fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko and Risto Orko. It stars Andris Ošiņš, Eve Kivi, and Anna Orochko.


A Snow Fairy Tale

A Snow Fairy Tale () is a 1959 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksei Sakharov and Eldar Shengelaia. It stars Igor Yershov, Alla Kozhokina, and Yevgeny Leonov.


The Unamenables

The Unamenables () is a 1959 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yuri Chulyukin. It stars Nadezhda Rumyantseva, Yuri Belov, and Alexei Kozhevnikov.


There Will Be No Leave Today

There Will Be No Leave Today () is a 1959 Soviet movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and Aleksandr Gordon. It stars Oleg Borisov, Aleksei Alekseyev, and Pyotr Lyubeshkin.


Vasily Surikov (movie)

Vasily Surikov () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Anatoli Rybakov. It stars Yevgeni Lazarev, Larisa Kadochnikova, and Leonid Gallis.


Virgin Soil Upturned (1959 movie)

Virgin Soil Upturned () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Ivanov. It stars Pyotr Chernov, Yevgeny Matveyev, and Fyodor Shmakov.


White Nights (1959 movie)

White Nights () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Lyudmila Marchenko, Oleg Strizhenov, and Anatoli Fedorinov.


The Wind (1959 movie)

The Wind () is a 1959 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov. It stars Eduard Bredun, Tamara Loginova, and Elza Lezhdey.


Alyosha's Love

Alyosha's Love () is a 1960 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgi Shchukin and Semyon Tumanov. It stars Leonid Bykov, Aleksandra Zavyalova, and Alexey Gribov.


Baltic Skies

Baltic Skies () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Pyotr Glebov, Vsevolod Platov, and Mikhail Ulyanov.


Be Careful, Grandma!

Be Careful, Grandma! () is a 1960 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Faina Ranevskaya, Ariadna Shengelaia, and Lyudmila Markeliya.


Blind Musician

Blind Musician () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lukashevich. It stars Boris Livanov, Vasily Livanov, and Marina Strizhenova.


Cinderella (1960 movie)

Cinderella () is a 1960 Soviet musical movie directed by Rostislav Zakharov and Aleksandr Rou. It stars Raisa Struchkova, Gennadi Ledyakh, and Elena Vanke. The movie is a screen version by Sergei Prokofiev's Cinderella ballet.


Clouds Over Borsk

Clouds Over Borsk () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Ordynsky. It stars Inna Gulaya, Roman Khomyatov, and Vladimir Ivashov.


Dead Souls (1960 movie)

Dead Souls () is a 1960 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Leonid Trauberg. It stars Vladimir Belokurov, Viktor Stanitsyn, and Boris Livanov.


Far from the Motherland

Far from the Motherland () is a 1960 Soviet movie directed by Aleksei Shvachko.

Farewell, Doves

Farewell, Doves () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Yakov Segel. It stars Aleksei Loktev, Valentina Telegina, and Sergei Plotnikov.


Five Days, Five Nights (1960 movie)

Five Days, Five Nights () is a 1961 Soviet-German movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. It stars Wilhelm Koch-Hooge, Annekathrin Bürger, and Erich Franz.


A Gentle Creature (1960 movie)

A Gentle Creature () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Borisov. It stars Iya Savvina, Andrei Popov, and Vera Kuznetsova.


I Love You, Life!

I Love You, Life! () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Gennadi Vernov, Ariadna Shengelaia, and Irina Bunina.


It Was I Who Drew the Little Man

It Was I Who Drew the Little Man () is a 1960 Soviet animated movie directed by Valentina Brumberg, Zinaida Brumberg and Valentin Lalayants.

Khovanshchina (movie)

Khovanshchina () is a 1960 Soviet movie directed by Vera Stroyeva. It stars Aleksei Krivchenya, Anton Grigoriev, and Yevgeny Kibkalo.


Leontien Ceulemans

Johanna Léontina “Tineke, Leontien” Ceulemans (stage name until ca. 1973 Leontien Lukassen) (8 January 1952 — 28 July 2022) was a Dutch actress and media presenter. She is most known as the first presenter of "NOS Jeugdjournaal" in 1981. Between the 1970s and 1990s she played in main Dutch television series, including "Swiebertje", "Joop ter Heul", "Hongerwinter", "Goede tijden, slechte tijden" and "Het Zonnetje in Huis". Ceulemans also worked as a voice actress. In 1993 she posed nude in the Dutch version of the Playboy magazine.

Gambia national under-17 football team

Gambia national under-17 football team is the U-17 football team of Gambia and have been FIFA U-17 World Cup twice in 2005 where they went on to defeat Brazil and in 2009.

The Lady with the Dog (movie)

The Lady with the Dog () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Iya Savvina, Aleksey Batalov, and Nina Alisova.


The Magic Weaver

The Magic Weaver () is a 1960 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Mikhail Kuznetsov, Ninel Myshkova, and Viktor Perevalov.


Michman Panin

Michman Panin () is a 1960 Soviet war movie directed by Mikhail Shveitser. It stars Vyacheslav Tikhonov, Nikolai Sergeyev, and Nikita Podgorny.


A Noisy Day

A Noisy Day () is a 1960 Soviet comedy movie directed by Anatoly Efros and Georgy Natanson. It stars Valentina Sperantova, Gennadi Pechnikov, and Tatyana Nadezhdina.


Northern Story

Northern Story () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeni Andrikanis. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Eva Murniece, and Valentin Zubkov.


Probation (1960 movie)

Probation () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Gerasimov. It stars Oleg Yefremov, Oleg Tabakov, and Vyacheslav Nevinny.


Pine forest stream frog

Schultze's stream frog ("Ptychohyla macrotympanum") is a frog. It lives in Mexico and Guatemala. People have seen this frog between 700 and 1700 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in pine-oak forests with water in the air. It only lives in forests that are on mountains high above sea level. It lives in the Chiapan Highlands in Chiapas. It lives in the Sierra de Cuchumatanes in Guatemala. It lives in the Grijalva Basin, which is in Chiapas and in Guatemala.

Until 1992, scientists thought this frog was the same species as "Ptychohyla euthysanota".

2022 Italian general election

A general election is due to be held in Italy on 25 September 2022. The 2022 Italian government crisis, which lead to the resignation of Prime Minister Mario Draghi, resulted in President Sergio Mattarella dissolving the Italian Parliament on 21 July, eight months before its natural expiration, and call for new elections. Draghi continues to head the government as caretaker prime Minister. The election saw the centre-right coalition, led by Giorgia Meloni's Brothers of Italy, a political party with neo-fascist roots, winning an absolute majority of Parliament seats. Meloni was appointed Prime Minister of Italy on 22 October, becoming the first woman to hold that position.

Russian Souvenir

Russian Souvenir () is a 1960 Soviet comedy movie directed by Grigori Aleksandrov. It stars Lyubov Orlova, Andrei Popov, and Pavel Kadochnikov.


A Simple Story (1960 movie)

A Simple Story () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Yegorov. It stars Nonna Mordyukova, Mikhail Ulyanov, and Vasily Shukshin.


Sleepless Night (1960 movie)

Sleepless Night () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Yury Solomin, Evgeniy Samoylov, and Lyudmila Chernyshyova.


Splendid Days

Splendid Days () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya and Igor Talankin. It stars Boris Barkhatov, Sergei Bondarchuk, and Irina Skobtseva.


Resurrection (1960 movie)

Resurrection () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Shveitser. It stars Tamara Syomina, Yevgeny Matveyev, and Pavel Massalsky.


Thrice Resurrected

Thrice Resurrected () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Alla Larionova, Georgi Kulikov, and Natalya Medvedeva.


Until Next Spring

Until Next Spring () is a 1960 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Sokolov. It stars Lyudmila Marchenko, Innokentiy Smoktunovskiy, and Galina Vasilyeva.


Love Da Beat Radio

Love Da Beat Radio is an internet radio station broadcasting from South London, UK. It was formed in March 2017 as "Love The Beat Radio" and changed it's name in October 2020. They provide a wide range of content with presenters bringing sports shows, comedy shows, and shows playing rock, EDM, 90s and more.

Absolutely Seriously

Absolutely Seriously () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie.

Adventures of Krosh

Adventures of Krosh () is a 1961 Soviet adventure movie directed by Genrikh Oganisyan. It stars Nikolai Tomashevsky, Andrei Yurenyov, and Nikita Mikhalkov.


Alyonka

Alyonka () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Natalya Ovodova, Irina Zarubina, and Vasiliy Shukshin.


Barrier of the Unknown

Barrier of the Unknown () is a 1961 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Nikita Kurikhin. It stars Vyacheslav Shalevich, Ella Sumskaya, and Nikolai Gritsenko.


Bootleggers (1961 movie)

Bootleggers () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Yuri Nikulin, Georgy Vitsin, and Yevgeny Morgunov.


But What If This Is Love

But What If This Is Love () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Zhanna Prokhorenko, Igor Pushkaryov, and Alexandra Nazarova.


Chronicle of Flaming Years

Chronicle of Flaming Years () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuliya Solntseva. It stars Boris Andreyev, Antonina Bogdanova, and Zinaida Kiriyenko.

Clear Skies (movie)

Clear Skies () is a 1961 Soviet movie directed by Grigori Chukhrai. It stars Yevgeni Urbansky, Nina Drobysheva, and Natalya Kuzmina.


‏‎
The Cossacks (1961 movie)

The Cossacks () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Pronin. It stars Leonid Gubanov, Boris Andreyev, and Zinaida Kiriyenko.


Dima Gorin's Career

Dima Gorin's Career () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Frunze Dovlatyan and Lev Mirsky. It stars Aleksandr Demyanenko, Tatyana Konyukhova, and Vladimir Seleznyov.


Dog Barbos and Unusual Cross

Dog Barbos and Unusual Cross () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Yuri Nikulin, Georgy Vitsin, and Yevgeny Morgunov.


The Girls (1961 movie)

The Girls () is a 1961 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Yuri Chulyukin. It stars Nadezhda Rumyantseva, Nikolai Rybnikov, and Lyusyena Ovchinnikova.


The Horizon (1961 movie)

The Horizon () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Yuri Tolubeyev, Boris Chirkov, and Aleksandr Safonov.


Judgment of the Mad

Judgment of the Mad () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Vasily Livanov, Irina Skobtseva, and Viktor Khokhryakov.


The Key (1961 movie)

The Key () is a 1961 Soviet animated movie directed by Lev Atamanov.

The Man from Nowhere (1961 movie)

The Man from Nowhere () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Sergey Yursky, Yury Yakovlev, and Anatoliy Papanov.


Forza Italia (2013)

Forza Italia (transl. "Forward Italy", "Come on Italy" or "Let's go Italy"; FI) is a centre-right political party in Italy. 

Their ideas include elements of liberal conservatism, Christian democracy and liberalism. FI is a member of the European People's Party. 
Silvio Berlusconi (former Prime Minister of Italy, 1994–1995, 2001–2006, and 2008–2011) is the party's leader and president. Antonio Tajani (former President of the European Parliament, 2017–2019) works as vice president and national coordinator. Other leading members include Elisabetta Casellati (President of the Senate since 2018), as well as ministers Renato Brunetta, Mara Carfagna and Mariastella Gelmini (representing FI in Mario Draghi's government since 2021).

Mission (movie)

Mission () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Yegorov. It stars Oleg Efremov, Dodo Abashidze, and Svetlana Karpinskaya.

My Friend, Kolka!

My Friend, Kolka! () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksei Saltykov and Aleksander Mitta. It stars Aleksandr Kobozev, Anna Rodionova, and Alexey Borzunov.


The Night Before Christmas (1961 movie)

The Night Before Christmas () is a 1961 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Aleksandr Khvylya, Lyudmyla Myznikova, and Yuri Tavrov.


Peace to Him Who Enters

Peace to Him Who Enters () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov. It stars Viktor Avdyushko, Aleksandr Demyanenko, and Stanislav Khitrov.


Planeta Bur

Planeta Bur () is a 1961 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Pavel Klushantsev. It stars Vladimir Yemelyanov, Georgiy Zhzhonov, and Gennadi Vernov.


Scarlet Sails (movie)

Scarlet Sails () is a 1961 Soviet fantasy drama movie directed by Alexandr Ptushko. It stars Anastasiya Vertinskaya, Vasily Lanovoy, and Yelena "Lena" Cheremshanova.


The Steamroller and the Violin

The Steamroller and the Violin () is a 1961 Soviet movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky.

Striped Trip

Striped Trip () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vladimir Fetin. It stars Alexey Gribov, , and Margarita Nazarova.


When the Trees Were Tall

When the Trees Were Tall () is a 1961 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov. It stars Inna Gulaya, Yuri Nikulin, and Leonid Kuravlyov.


Mechanic Falls, Maine

Mechanic Falls is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Minot, Maine

Minot is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Poland, Maine

Poland is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Sabattus, Maine

Sabattus is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Turner, Maine

Turner is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Wales, Maine

Wales is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Allagash, Maine

Allagash is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Amity, Maine

Amity is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Ashland, Maine

Ashland is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Blaine, Maine

Blaine is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Hinesburg, Vermont

Hinesburg is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Huntington, Vermont

Huntington is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Jericho, Vermont

Jericho is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Milton, Vermont

Milton is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Wind of Freedom

Wind of Freedom () is a 1961 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Trauberg and Andrey Tutyshkin. It stars Lionella Pyryeva, Nadezhda Rumyantseva, and Aleksandr Lazarev.


Richmond, Vermont

Richmond is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Yevdokiya

Yevdokiya () is a 1961 Soviet romantic drama movie directed by Tatyana Lioznova. It stars Lyudmila Khityaeva, Nikolai Lebedev, and Alevtina Rumyantseva.


713 Requests Permission to Land

713 Requests Permission to Land () is a 1962 Soviet movie directed by Grigory Nikulin. It stars Vladimir Chestnokov, Otar Koberidze, and Lev Krugly.


St. George, Vermont

St. George is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Underhill, Vermont

Underhill is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Westford, Vermont

Westford is a town in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Bloomfield, Vermont

Bloomfield is a town in Essex County, Vermont, United States.

After the Wedding (1962 movie)

After the Wedding () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Stanislav Khitrov, Natalya Kustinskaya, and Aleftina Konstantinova.


At Your Threshold

At Your Threshold () is a 1962 Soviet war drama movie directed by Vasili Ordynsky. It stars , , and Liliya Dzyuba.


A Trip Without a Load

A Trip Without a Load () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Georgi Yumatov, Aleksandr Demyanenko, and Tamara Syomina.


Amphibian Man (movie)

Amphibian Man () is a 1962 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Vladimir Chebotaryov and Gennadi Kazansky. It stars Vladimir Korenev, Anastasiya Vertinskaya, and Mikhail Kozakov.


Black Gull

Black Gull () is a 1962 Soviet adventure movie directed by Grigoriy Koltunov. It stars Anatoliy Adoskin, Saida Dadasheva, and Igor Dmitriev.


Cherry Town

Cherry Town () is a 1962 Soviet musical comedy movie directed by Herbert Rappaport. It stars Olga Zabotkina, Vladimir Vasilyev, and Marina Khotuntseva.


Ratneshwar Lal Kayastha

Ratneshwar Lal Kayastha (born 3 May 1944) is a Nepalese politician and former Governor of Madhesh Province. He was appointed as a governor of Province No. 2 by the Government of Nepal on 17 January 2018. He served as a Governor of Madhesh Province from 19 January 2018 to 03 November 2019.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – discus throw

The discus throw at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the Polish Jadwiga Wajs won the event in a new world record with a distance of 43.795 metres, ahead of the German women Gisela Mauermayer and Käthe Krauß. She beated her own world record of 43.08 metres.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the discus throw event.

Eileen Crockart was named as the South African athlete in the field events.

The qualification took place on 9 August. The best 6 athletes continued to the final.
Sources:

The final took place on 12 August 1934.
Sources:

Hari Shankar Mishra

Hari Shankar Mishra is a current Governor of Madhesh Province. He was Appointed Governor, as per the Article 163 (2) of the Constitution of Nepal by the President Bidya Devi Bhandari on the recommendation of the Council of Ministers of the Government of Nepal on 17 August 2021. He is a former member of House of representatives.

Indo-Caribbean Americans

Indo-Caribbean Americans are Americans who trace their ancestry ultimately to India, though whose recent ancestors lived in the Caribbean, where they migrated beginning in 1838 as indentured laborers.

Heidelberg University

Heidelberg University is a public research university in Heidelberg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. 

It was founded in 1386 on the instructions of Pope Urban VI. Heidelberg is Germany's oldest university, and is one of the world's oldest surviving universities. It was the third university established in the Holy Roman Empire. Prague (1348) and Vienna (1365) were at that time also German-speaking universities. The University of Vienna still is. Irrespective of the shared language of instruction, Heidelberg is the oldest university in modern Germany.

At the beginning, there were only the four traditional faculties. In 1890, the natural science got their own faculty. Later after a re-organisation, the university has 12 faculties.

The University of Heidelberg is also known as Ruprecht Karl University of Heidelberg, after the German prince Rupert I.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – 4 × 100 metres relay

The 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

In the final, the Zdena Koubková won the event in a new world record of 2 minutes and 12.8 seconds, ahead of Swedish Märtha Wretman and British Gladys Lunn.

Next to the teams listed, an American team was in London for the 100 metres event and 4x 100 metres event consisting of sprinters Radman, Webb, Whorley and William.

The best Dutch sprinter, Tollien Schuurman injured herself after winning her semi-final 60 metres event earlier the day. She was replaced and the Dutch team consisted of the athletes: Cor Aalten, Jo Dalmolen, Agaath Doorgeest and Iet Martin.

The semi-finals took place on 9 August.

The first semi-final was won by the German women. Canada, who had the second time, was disqualified due to a wrongfully exchange.

Sources:

The names in "italic" are highly likely the runners of these nations, as these sprinters are the nations' main 100 metres athletes at the Games.

The final took place on 12 August 1934.

During the final the British team was leading the race. However the third runner fell down, and so Germany won the race 5 metres ahead of the Netherlands and Austria.

Sources:

The names in "italic" are highly likely the runners of these nations, as these sprinters are the nations' main Athletes in the 100 metres event at the Games.

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – high jump

The high jump at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, at the first day of the Games on 9 August 1934.

In the final, the German Selma Grieme won the event with a distance of 1.55 metres, ahead of the British woman Mary Milne and the Canadian Margaret Bell.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the high jump event.

The qualification took place in the morning on 9 August 1934.

All finalists were able to jump 1.47 metres in the qualification.
Sources:

The final took place in the afternoon on 9 August 1934.
Sources:

Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – shot put

The shot put at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, at the first day of the Games on 9 August 1934.

In the final, the German Gisela Mauermayer won the event with a distance of 13.67 metres, ahead of the German Tilly Fleischer and the Czechoslovak Štepánka Pekárová.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the shot put event.

It was also mentioned at a certain point that the Dutchwoman De Kock would participate, but she didn't compete in the shot put event.

The final took place in the afternoon on 9 August 1934.

Štepánka Pekárová was the only women who improved her performance in the final compared to the qualification.
Sources:


Governor of Madhesh Province

The Governor of Madhesh Province is appointed by the President of Nepal and recommended by Federal cabinet for a term of five years, and holds office at the President's pleasure. The role of governor is largely ceremonial as the functioning of the goverment is managed entirely by the chief minister and minister. The governor appoint minister and chief minister based on the Article and Clues of Constitution.

 of the Constitution of Nepal states that:


Renaissance (Beyoncé album)

Renaissance (styled in all caps) is the seventh studio album by American pop singer Beyoncé, released on July 29, 2022 by Columbia and Parkwood Entertainment. It is Knowles' first solo studio album since "Lemonade" (2016). The album features sixteen tracks. The lead single, "Break My Soul", was surprise-released on June 20, 2022, and has reached the top ten in several countries worldwide.

For the chart dated August 13, 2022, the album entered the US "Billboard" 200 album chart at number one, with first-week sales of 332,000 copies in the US. It was the first number-one album by a woman of 2022 there. It also entered at number one in the UK.



Aubigny-sur-Nère

Aubigny-sur-Nère is a town and commune in the Cher department in the administrative region of Centre-Val de Loire, France. It has a population of around 5,502 as of January 2019.

Aubinges

Aubinges is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 400 as of January 2019.

Augy-sur-Aubois

Augy-sur-Aubois is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 288 as of January 2019.

Azy, Cher

Azy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 445 as of January 2019.

Rafael Raap

Rafael Raap (born 18 March 1999) is a Dutch athlete competing in the decathlon. He is a member of PAC in Rotterdam and the Dutch national team.

At the age of 7 years old, Raap was advized by a teach of his school to start with athletics. During his youth years he won many competitions. When he was twelve years old he atletics club PAC in Rotterdam. At the age of fifteen he jumped 2.05 metres in the long jump that was a national record for his age-category (C-juniors). When he was 16 years old he started living and training at Papendal, the national sports centre in the Netherlands. He was selected to participate at the 2017 European Athletics U20 Championships and he aimed to win a medal. However, he had three invalid throws in the discus throw and did not reach the starting height in the high jump. He realized his medal chances were lost, but changed his mindset positively and set two new personal records in the later events. In a later athletics competition he had kind of a burn out. During the hurdles event he jumped below the hurdle and injured himself. He had torn and strained muscles and had to revalidate for several months. After two years of struggling with his shoulder, he was back on track in 2019. In that year he competed at the 2019 European Athletics U23 Championships in the decathlon event where he finished in sixth place. As he became a senior athlete, he travalled with the national team to Florida the United States. He suffered an unexplained foot injury and returned home earlier. He got good upport from among others Dafne Schippers. After revalidation when he was due to have surgery, the injury was suddenly gone. At the 2020 Dutch Atletics Championships he won the silver medal behind Pieter Braun. He was invited for the prestigious decathlong meeting Hypo-Meeting in Götzis, Austria. Where was well on his way of scoring over 8000 point, but unfortuanally suffered a tear in his achilles during pole vault. Now, Rafael is a student-athlete for the University of Oregon.

Ahead of the 2020 Summer Olympics he was followed by a project of the Dutch national television broadcaster VPRO, who followed talents ahead of the Olympics.

Raap was born in the Netherlands in Arnhem. His mother Tanja met his father Tino (Guinea-Bissau) in Guinea-Bissau.

Bannay, Cher

Bannay is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 858 as of January 2019.

Bannegon

Bannegon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 273 as of January 2019.

Barlieu

Barlieu is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 345 as of January 2019.

Baugy, Cher

Baugy () is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of central France. The former communes Laverdines and Saligny-le-Vif were merged into Baugy on 1 January 2019. It has a population of around 1,665 as of January 2019.

Beddes

Beddes is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 99 as of January 2019.

Beffes

Beffes is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It has a population of around 617 as of January 2019.

Belleville-sur-Loire

Belleville-sur-Loire (literally "Belleville on Loire") is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 1,010 people lived there in January 2019.

Chaco Culture National Historical Park

Chaco Culture National Historical Park is a United States National Historical Park. It is in New Mexico. This was a cultural center for the Ancestral Puebloan people. The site was active between 850 and 1250 CE. It is an important cultural site from a Pre-Columbian society. The sites were important for ceremonies. At the time, the sites included some of the largest buildings in America. Many of the buildings are connected to astronomy. Puebloan people most likely left the sites because of climate change. Today the Pueblo and Hopi people consider the site sacred. The park is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Come and See

Come and See (, "Idi i smotri"; , "Idzi i hliadzi") is a 1985 Russian Belarusian World War II drama movie directed by Elem Klimov and starring Aleksei Kravchenko, Liubomiras Laucevičius, Olga Mironova, Vladas Bagdonas.


Fugees

The Fugees is an American hip hop group made of whoppers 

The group became famous for their second album, "The Score" (1996), one of the best-selling albums of all time. The group is often cited as being one of the most important alternative hip hop groups of the 1990s.

The Fugees broke up in 1997 and reunited in 2004 and 2021.



Colleagues (movie)

Colleagues () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksey Sakharov. It stars Vasily Livanov, Vasily Lanovoy, and Oleg Anofriyev.


Flower on the Stone

Flower on the Stone () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Anatoly Slesarenko and Sergei Parajanov. It stars Grigory Karpov, Lyudmila Cherepanova, and Inna Burduchenko.


Funny Stories

Funny Stories () is a 1962 Soviet comedy movie directed by Venyamin Dorman. It stars Mikhail Kislyarov, Aleksandr Kekish, and Nadezhda Fomintsina.


Hello, Children!

Hello, Children! () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Aleksei Zharkov, Pavel Chukhray, and Eduard Izotov.

Hussar Ballad

Hussar Ballad () is a 1962 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Larisa Golubkina, Yury Yakovlev, and Igor Ilyinsky. The movie is based on the play A Long Time Ago by Alexander Gladkov.


Men and Beasts

Men and Beasts () is a 1962 Soviet-German drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Nikolai Yeremenko Sr., Tamara Makarova, and Zhanna Bolotova.


Bengy-sur-Craon

Bengy-sur-Craon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 657 people lived there in January 2019.

Lalbabu Raut

Lalbabu Raut Gaddhi is the first Chief Minister of Madhesh Province, one of the seven federal Provinces of Nepal. He is the parliamentary party leader of People's Socialist Party, Nepal for Madhesh Province. Recently, he lost his home town, Jagarnathpur to Shreekant Prasad Yadav of Nepali Congress while his wife lost as deputy chairperson candidate.

Nevermore (1962 movie)

Nevermore () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Dyachenko and Pyotr Todorovsky. It stars Yevgeny Yevstigneyev, Pyotr Gorin, and Ninel Myshkova.


Nine Days in One Year

Nine Days in One Year () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Romm. It stars Aleksey Batalov, Innokenty Smoktunovsky, and Tatyana Lavrova.


No Fear, No Blame

No Fear, No Blame () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Mitta. It stars Alla Vitruk, Viktor Glazkov, and Nikolay Burlyaev.

Berry-Bouy

Berry-Bouy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 1,183 people lived there in January 2019.

The Road to Berth

The Road to Berth () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya. It stars Boris Andreyev, Oleg Zhakov, and Lyubov Sokolova.


Seven Nannies

Seven Nannies () is a 1962 Soviet comedy movie directed by Rolan Bykov. It stars Semyon Morozov, Valentin Burov, and Vladimir Ivashov.


Seven Winds

Seven Winds () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Larisa Luzhina, Sofiya Pilyavskaya, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Shore Leave (1962 movie)

Shore Leave () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Feliks Mironer. It stars Ariadna Shengelaya, Lev Prygunov, and Vasili Makarov.


Strictly Business (1962 movie)

Strictly Business () is a 1962 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Vladlen Paulus, Aleksandr Shvorin, and Viktor Gromov.


The Third Half (1962 movie)

The Third Half () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov. It stars Leonid Kuravlyov, Vyacheslav Nevinny, and Gleb Strizhenov.


Bessais-le-Fromental

Bessais-le-Fromental is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 301 people lived there in January 2019.

The Wild Dog Dingo

The Wild Dog Dingo () is a 1962 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Karasik. It stars Galina Polskikh, Vladimir Osobik, and Talas Umurzakov.


Tilak Pariyar

Tilak Pariyar (Nepali: तिलक परियार) is a Nepalese politician currently serving as the Governor of Karnali Province. He was appointed Governor, as per the Article 163 (2) of the Constitution of Nepal by the President Bidya Devi Bhandari on the recommendation of the Council of Ministers of the Government of Nepal on 9 November 2021. He previously served as the 2nd Governor of Province No. 2 of Nepal. He is former member of the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly from Banke-1 constituency.

The Wild Swans (movie)

The Wild Swans () is a 1962 Soviet animated movie directed by Mikhail Tsekhanovsky and Vera Tsekhanovskaya.

Blancafort, Cher

Blancafort is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 1,018 people lived there in January 2019.

Three Plus Two

Three Plus Two () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Genrikh Oganisyan. It stars Natalya Kustinskaya, Natalya Fateyeva, and Andrei Mironov.


Blet

Blet is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 568 people lived there in January 2019.

Boulleret

Boulleret is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 1,396 people lived there in January 2019.

Bouzais

Bouzais is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 309 people lived there in January 2019.

All Remains to People

All Remains to People () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgy Natanson. It stars Nikolai Cherkasov, Andrei Popov, and Elina Bystritskaya.


Blood Ties (1963 movie)

Blood Ties () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Yevgeny Matveev, Vija Artmane, and Tanya Doronina.


The Blue Notebook

The Blue Notebook () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov. It stars Mikhail Kuznetsov, Mark Nikelberg, and Nikolay Lebedev.


Come Tomorrow, Please...

Come Tomorrow, Please... () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yevgeny Tashkov. It stars Ekaterina Savinova, Anatoli Papanov, and Yuri Gorobets.


The First Trolleybus

The First Trolleybus () is a 1963 Soviet movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Irina Gubanova, Lev Sverdlin, and Nina Sazonova.


Introduction to Life

Introduction to Life () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Talankin. It stars Boris Tokarev, Nina Urgant, and Yuri Volkov.


Walking the Streets of Moscow

Walking the Streets of Moscow () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya. It stars Aleksei Loktev, Nikita Mikhalkov, and Galina Polskikh.


It Happened at the Police Station (1963 movie)

It Happened at the Police Station () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Villen Azarov. It stars Vsevolod Sanaev, Mark Bernes, and Vyacheslav Nevinnyy.

Cain XVIII

Cain XVIII () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova and Mikhail Shapiro. It stars Erast Garin, Lidiya Sukharevskaya, and Mikhail Zharov.


An Optimistic Tragedy (movie)

An Optimistic Tragedy () is a 1963 Soviet war drama movie directed by Samson Samsonov. It stars Margarita Volodina, Boris Andreyev, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Meet Baluyev!

Meet Baluyev! () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Victor Komissarjevski. It stars Ivan Pereverzev, Nina Urgant, and Stanislav Sokolov. The movie is based on a 1960 novel by Vadim Kozhevnikov.

Syrian National Army

The Syrian National Army, also known as The Turkish-Backed FSA, is a Syrian Opposition faction formed in 2017. The Syrian National Army has fought against the Syrian Arab Army, National Defense Forces, Russia, Armenia, YPG, Syrian Democratic Forces, Liwa Al-Quds, And other Pro-Assad Groups. The Syrian National Army is funded by the Turkish Armed Forces. the Turkish Armed Forces give weapons, training and other forms of support to the SNA.

The Syrian National Army used to be the Free Syrian Army, a loose faction made of defectors from the Syrian Arab Army after 2011 crackdowns. The FSA still exists, but a lot of members has moved to the newer, Turkish-backed Syrian opposition group.
The Free Syrian Army is a loose faction formed in 2011, made of mostly defectors from the Syrian Arab Armed Forces. The group was officially formed on the 29th of July, 2011. It was formed by seven Syrian military officers. The FSA has condemned Al-Assad's 2011 protest crackdown. 

First Legion





Second Legion







Third Legion



Citation for all the above.

The Serf Actress

The Serf Actress () is a 1963 Soviet movie directed by Roman Tikhomirov. It stars Tamara Syomina, Yevgeny Leonov, and Dmitri Smirnov.


Republican Guard (Syria)

The Syrian Republican Guard, also known as the Presidential guard is a Mechanized Corps of about 25,000-60,000 men. The Republican Guard is tasked with protecting the radio, and defend the capital Damascus, and defending Syrian Officials. 
The guard was formed in 1976 after Palestinian militants attacked top Syrian officials, Major General Adan Makhoulf led the guard until 1997. 
The guard has multiple divisions, these include:

Silence (1963 movie)

Silence () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov. It stars Vitali Konyayev, Georgy Martyniuk, and Larisa Luzhina.


The Slowest Train

The Slowest Train () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Krasnopolskiy and Valeriy Uskov. It stars Pavel Kadochnikov, Nonna Terentyeva, and Zinaida Kirienko.


Summer Is Over (movie)

Summer Is Over () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nikita Orlov and Rolan Bykov. It stars Vladimir Yevstafyev, Sergei Gudko, and Zoya Fyodorova.


They Conquer the Skies

They Conquer the Skies () is a 1963 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lioznova. It stars Nikolay Rybnikov, Vladimir Sedov, and Svetlana Svetlichnaya.


Whistle Stop (1963 movie)

Whistle Stop () is a 1963 Soviet comedy movie directed by Boris Barnet. It stars Vasiliy Merkurev, Yekaterina Mazurova, and Nadezhda Rumyantseva.


The Alive and the Dead

The Alive and the Dead () is a 1964 Soviet war drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Kirill Lavrov, Viktor Avdyushko, and Anatoli Papanov.


Attack and Retreat

Attack and Retreat () is a 1964 Soviet-Italian war drama movie directed by Giuseppe De Santis and Dmitri Vasilyev. It stars Arthur Kennedy, Peter Falk, and Zhanna Prokhorenko.


Balzaminov's Marriage

Balzaminov's Marriage () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Konstantin Voynov. It stars Georgy Vitsin, Lyudmila Shagalova, and Lidiya Smirnova. The movie is based on three plays by Alexander Ostrovsky: "Celebratory Daydream is Only Before Dinner", "Two Dogs Fight, the Third Keep Away" and "Whatever You Look for, You'll Find".


The Big Ore

The Big Ore () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Ordynsky. It stars Yevgeni Urbansky, Mikhail Gluzsky, and Larisa Luzhina.


The Blizzard (1964 movie)

The Blizzard () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov. It stars Valentina Titova, Oleg Vidov, and Georgy Martyniuk. The movie is based on the 1831 story "The Blizzard" from The Tales of the Late Ivan Petrovich Belkin by Alexander Pushkin.


The Chairman (1964 movie)

The Chairman () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksei Saltykov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Ivan Lapikov, and Nonna Mordyukova.


Michael Feichtenbeiner

Michael Feichtenbeiner (born 9 July 1960) is a German football coach. He is coach of Malaysia Super League club Selangor.

He played for the amateur teams of TV Gültstein, SV Vaihingen and FV Germania Degerloch. He started coaching with VfB Stuttgart as youth coach. Then he became head coach of BSC Old Boys Basel from Switzerland and assistant coach at Stuttgarter Kickers Then he was head coach of TSF Ditzingen. From 1993 to 1997 he brought the club from Oberliga Baden-Württemberg to Regionalliga Süd. In 1997 Feichtenbeiner became the assistant coach for KFC Uerdingen 05 and 1998 head coach of SC Pfullendorf.

In the summer of 1999 Feichtenbeiner became head coach of Stuttgarter Kickers in the 2. Bundesliga. In the 199-2000 deason the club defeating three Bundesliga clubs (Borussia Dortmund, Arminia Bielefeld and SC Freiburg). In the semi-finals they lost versus Werder Bremen after extra time. But Feichtenbeiner was fired in March 2000 because the results in the league were poor.

The following years he coached several Regionalliga Süd teams (SV Darmstadt 98, Rot-Weiß Erfurt, Sportfreunde Siegen). In 2005 he became headcoach of MPPJ FC in the Malaysia Premier League. After being fired by MPPJ FC in early August 2006 he was again head coach of SC Pfullendorf.

2009-10 he was sporting director at Energie Cottbus in 2009-2010 and from 2010-2011 head coach of Bintang Medan FC in Indonesia in 2010-2011. 2012 he went to Wehen Wiesbaden as sporting director. till the end of 2014-15 season.

2016 he was head coach of the German under-15 national football team. With this he was then coach of the Under-16 and then the Under-17 team.

In 2019 he became assistance coach for FC Liefering in Austrias 2nd league. After Gerhard Struber left the club he became caretaker coach. 

In December 2019 he became Technical Director and coach of the reserve team of Selangor F.C. in Malaysia. Since 20 November 2021he is head coach of the team.

Come Here, Mukhtar!

Come Here, Mukhtar! () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Tumanov. It stars Yuri Nikulin, Vladimir Yemelyanov, and Leonid Kmit.


Comrade Arseny

Comrade Arseny () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Roman Khomyatov, Natalya Klimova, and Vladimir Solovyov.


Don Tale

Don Tale () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Fetin. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Lyudmila Chursina, and Aleksandr Blinov.


An Easy Life

An Easy Life () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Veniamin Dorman. It stars Yury Yakovlev, Faina Ranevskaya, and Vera Maretskaya.


The Enchanted Desna

The Enchanted Desna () is a 1964 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Yuliya Solntseva. It stars Boris Andreyev, Yevgeni Bondarenko, and Vladimir Goncharov.

Father of a Soldier

Father of a Soldier () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Rezo Chkheidze. It stars Sergo Zaqariadze, Vladimir Privaltsev, and Aleksandr Nazarov.


Janneke Berghuis

Janneke Berghuis (born 20 October 2001) is a Dutch freestyle mogul skier. She represents the Netherlands and competes at the FIS Freestyle Ski World Cup.

When Berghuis was 1.5 years old she was skiing for the first time. She became at a young age member of the skiing club in Valkenswaard, and started competing from the age of seven at small kids-cup competitions in Germany, Switzerland and Austria. At the age of 14 she decided to become a full time skier. She travelled with her mother and younger sister Laura accross Europe to fulfill a full Europe Tour. In 2019 she had her first podium finsih in the Europe Cup in Bygdsiljum, Sweden. In the 2019-20 season she had her first Europe Cup victory in Are, Sweden and finished second overall. Due to that result she started competing in the FIS Freestyle Ski World Cup from the 2020–21 World Cup season. She is specialized in the jumps, known by her high and powerfull jumps. Her main jump is at the second jump the "superman frontflip".

Brécy, Cher

Brécy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 1,043 people lived there in January 2019.

Footprint in the Ocean

Footprint in the Ocean () is a 1964 Soviet adventure movie directed by Oleg Nikolayevsky. It stars Ada Sheremetyeva, Yuri Dedovich, and Yevgeny Vesnik.

The Garnet Bracelet (movie)

The Garnet Bracelet () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Ariadna Shengelaia, Igor Ozerov, and Oleg Basilashvili.


Goodbye, Boys

Goodbye, Boys () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalik. It stars Natalya Bogunova, Yevgeny Steblov, and Anna Rodionova.


Brinay, Cher

Brinay is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. Around 523 people lived there in January 2019.

The Green Flame

The Green Flame () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Villen Azarov. It stars Aleksei Kuznetsov, Svetlana Savyolova, and Anatoliy Papanov.


Hamlet (1964 movie)

Hamlet () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Mikhail Nazvanov, and Elza Radziņa.


Brinon-sur-Sauldre

Brinon-sur-Sauldre (literally "Brinon on Sauldre") is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 974 people lived there in January 2019.

Bruère-Allichamps

Bruère-Allichamps is a commune in the Cher department, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 567 people lived there in January 2019.

Bué

Bué is a commune in the Cher department, located in the Centre-Val de Loire region, France. About 318 people lived there in January 2019.

Bussy, Cher

Bussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 362 people lived there in January 2019.

La Celette

La Celette is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 192 people lived there in January 2019.

La Celle, Cher

La Celle is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 353 people lived there in January 2019.

La Celle-Condé

La Celle-Condé is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 195 people lived there in January 2019.

Cerbois

Cerbois is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 416 people lived there in January 2019.

Chalivoy-Milon

Chalivoy-Milon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 418 people lived there in January 2019.

Chambon, Cher

Chambon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 169 people lived there in January 2019.

La Chapelle-d'Angillon

La Chapelle-d'Angillon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. About 613 people lived there in January 2019.

Terrance Pieters

Terrance Pieters (born 14 December 1996) is a Dutch field hockey player who currently plays as a forward for Kampong and the Netherland national team.

The Dutch Pieters is born on 14 December 1996 in the Netherlands. He has Surinamese roots and his grandparents still live in Suriname. Pieter moved to Almere when he was two years old. Pieters dreamed of an international football career, but started playing field hockey after his sister started playing field hockey. At high school his results were influences by his field hockey career, as exams were during a training of the national under-18 team. After graduating from high school he started studing Commercial Economics at the Johan Cruyff Academy. He stopped with his studies after he became a member of the Netherland national team. He made his debut with the national team on 25 January 2017.

During his young career, he had experienced several times racism. During the Black Lives Matter discussions, he began to speak out against racism, and gave among others an interview about this with the Dutch national news paper de Volkskrant.

In 2019 he had a hamstring injury. He was one of the players of the national team that was not selected for the 2020 Summer Olympics.

His girlfriend is field hockey player Xan de Waard.

Jack Frost (1964 movie)

Jack Frost () is a 1964 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Alexander Rou. It stars Alexander Khvylya, Natalya Sedykh, and Eduard Izotov.


Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors

Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors () is a 1964 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Olga Yukina, Tatyana Yukina, and Tatyana Barysheva.


Left-Hander (1964 movie)

Left-Hander () is a 1964 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano.

The Light of a Distant Star

The Light of a Distant Star () is a 1964 Soviet romance movie directed by Ivan Pyryev. It stars Lionella Pyryeva, Nikolai Alekseyev, and Aleksey Batalov.


Little Hare

Little Hare () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Bykov. It stars Leonid Bykov, Olga Krasina, and Igor Gorbachyov.


An Ordinary Miracle (1964 movie)

An Ordinary Miracle () is a 1964 Soviet movie directed by Erast Garin and Khesya Lokshina. It stars Aleksey Konsovsky, Nina Zorskaya, Oleg Vidov. The movie is based on a play by Yevgeni Shvarts.


A Span of Earth

A Span of Earth () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrey Smirnov and Boris Yashin. It stars Aleksandr Zbruyev, Elliya Sukhanova, and Yevgeni Urbansky.


Tale About the Lost Time

Tale About the Lost Time () is a 1964 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Grigory Plotkin, Vera Volkova, and Lydia Konstantinova.


There Is Such a Lad

There Is Such a Lad () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vasily Shukshin. It stars Leonid Kuravlyov, Lidiya Chaschina, and Larisa Burkova.


Two on the Steppes

Two on the Steppes () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Anatoly Efros. It stars Valeri Babyatinsky, Assu Nurekenov, and V. Batalova.


Uninvented Story

Uninvented Story () is a 1964 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Gerasimov. It stars Zhanna Prokhorenko, Georgi Yepifantsev, and Leonid Kuravlyov.


Welcome, or No Trespassing

Welcome, or No Trespassing () is a 1964 Soviet comedy movie directed by Elem Klimov. It stars Viktor Kosykh, Yevgeniy Yevstigneyev, and Arina Aleynikova.


The Lark (1965 movie)

The Lark () is a 1965 Soviet war movie directed by Nikita Kurikhin and Leonid Menaker. It stars Gennadi Yukhtin, Valeri Pogoreltsev, and Valentins Skulme.

Adventures of a Dentist

Adventures of a Dentist () is a 1965 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Elem Klimov. It stars Andrey Myagkov, Vera Vasilyeva, and Alisa Freindlich.


Athletics at the 1934 Women's World Games – pentathlon

The pentathlon at the 1934 Women's World Games was held at the White City Stadium in London, from 9 to 11 August 1934.

It was the first time a pentathlon event was held at the Women's World Games, after the triatlon event in 1930.

The German Gisela Mauermayer won the event in a new pentathlon world record with 377 points ahead of German Grete Busch and Czechoslovak Štepánka Pekárová. Already after the fourth event Mauermayer it became sure she would set a new world record.

On 9 August an incomple list was published of participating athletes. This list consisted of athletes from seven nations: Austria, Czechslovakia, Great Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the pentathlon event.

Note that there are some discrepancies with those names and the names listed in newspapers during the competition.

The 100 metres was the first event

Sources:

The long jump was the 2nd event.

Source: 

The javelin throw was the 3rd event.

Source: 

The shot put was the 4th event.

Source: 

The high jump was the 5th and last event.

Source: 

Sources:


The Bridge Is Built

The Bridge Is Built () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Gavriil Egiazarov and Oleg Efremov. It stars Igor Vasilev, Oleg Tabakov, and Liliya Tolmacheva.


Clean Ponds (movie)

Clean Ponds () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksey Sakharov. It stars Aleksandr Zbruyev, Tamara Syomina, and Svetlana Svetlichnaya.


The Cook (1965 movie)

The Cook () is a 1965 Soviet comedy movie directed by Edmond Keosayan. It stars Svetlana Svetlichnaya, Lyudmila Khityaeva, and Inna Churikova.


The First Teacher

The First Teacher () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Konchalovsky. It stars Bolot Beyshenaliyev, Natalya Arinbasarova, and Idris Nogajbayev.


Friends and Years

Friends and Years () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Sokolov. It stars Aleksandr Grave, Natalya Velichko, and Yury Yakovlev.


Give Me a Book of Complaints

Give Me a Book of Complaints () is a 1965 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Oleg Borisov, Larisa Golubkina, and Anatoly Kuznetsov.


The Hockey Players (movie)

The Hockey Players () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Rafail Goldin. It stars Vyacheslav Shalevich, Vladimir Ivashov, and Aleksandr Orlov.


The Hyperboloid of Engineer Garin (movie)

The Hyperboloid of Engineer Garin () is a 1965 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Aleksandr Gintsburg. It stars Yevgeniy Yevstigneyev, Vsevolod Safonov, and Mikhail Astangov. The movie is based on Aleksey Tolstoy's novel of the same name.


I Am Twenty

I Am Twenty () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Marlen Khutsiev. It stars Valentin Popov, Nikolay Gubenko, and Stanislav Lyubshin.


Lebedev against Lebedev

Lebedev against Lebedev () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Genrikh Gabay. It stars Aleksey Eybozhenko, Vladimir Retsepter, and Lev Durov.

Luna (1965 movie)

Luna () is a 1965 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Pavel Klushantsev.

A Mother's Heart

A Mother's Heart () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Yelena Fadeyeva, Daniil Sagal, and Nina Menshikova.


Operation Y and Shurik's Other Adventures

Operation Y and Shurik's Other Adventures () is a 1965 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Aleksandr Demyanenko, Aleksei Smirnov, and Vladimir Basov.


On the Same Planet

On the Same Planet () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Olshvanger. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Emma Popova, and Yulyen Balmusov.


Our House (1965 movie)

Our House () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Pronin. It stars Anatoliy Papanov, Nina Sazonova, and Ivan Lapikov.


Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors

Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Parajanov. It stars Ivan Mykolaichuk, Larisa Kadochnikova, and Tatyana Bestayeva.


There Was an Old Couple

There Was an Old Couple () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Chukhrai. It stars Ivan Marin, Vera Kuznetsova, and Lyudmila Maksakova.


Towering Inferno

Towering Inferno is an English experimental music duo formed in 1985.


They're Calling, Open the Door

They're Calling, Open the Door () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexander Mitta. It stars Elena Proklova, Rolan Bykov, and Sergey Nikonenko.


Thirty Three (movie)

Thirty Three () is a 1965 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Nonna Mordyukova, and Lyubov Sokolova.


Time, Forward!

Time, Forward! () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Sofiya Milkina and Mikhail Schweitzer. It stars Sergei Yursky, Inna Gulaya, and Tamara Syomina.


Triumph Over Violence

Triumph Over Violence () is a 1965 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Romm.

Your Son and Brother

Your Son and Brother () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Shukshin. It stars Vsevolod Sanayev, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Anastasia Filippova.


War and Peace (movie series)

War and Peace () is a 1966 Soviet war drama movie directed by Sergei Bondarchuk. It stars Sergei Bondarchuk, Ludmila Savelyeva, and Vyacheslav Tikhonov.


Workers' Settlement

Workers' Settlement () is a 1965 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Oleg Borisov, Lyudmila Gurchenko, and Nikolai Simonov.


Kaddish

Kaddish is the only studio album by Towering Inferno. The album was released on November 12, 1993.

Aladdin and His Magic Lamp (1966 movie)

Aladdin and His Magic Lamp () is a 1966 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Boris Rytsarev. It stars Boris Bystrov, Dodo Chogovadze, and Sary Garryýew.


Andrei Rublev (movie)

Andrei Rublev () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky. It stars Anatoly Solonitsyn, Ivan Lapikov, and Nikolai Grinko.


The Deadly Affair

The Deadly Affair is a 1967 British spy movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1961 novel "Call for the Dead" by John le Carré. It stars James Mason, Maximilian Schell, Simone Signoret, Max Adrian, Roy Kinnear, Harry Andrews, Harriet Andersson, Robert Flemyng, Lynn Redgrave, Corin Redgrave, Kenneth Haigh, Roy Kinnear and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Aybolit-66

Aybolit-66 () is a 1967 Soviet family comedy movie directed by Rolan Bykov. It stars Oleg Yefremov, Lidiya Knyazeva, and Yevgeni Vasilyev.


Beware of the Car

Beware of the Car () is a 1966 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Oleg Yefremov, and Lyubov Dobrzhanskaya.


A Boy and a Girl (1966 movie)

A Boy and a Girl () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuliy Fayt. It stars Natalya Bogunova, Nikolay Burlyaev, and Antonina Bendova.


Chief of Chukotka

Chief of Chukotka () is a 1966 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vitaly Melnikov. It stars Mikhail Kononov, Alexey Gribov, and Gennadiy Danzanov.


Children of Don Quixote

Children of Don Quixote () is a 1966 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov. It stars Anatoli Papanov, Vera Orlova, and Vladimir Korenev.


Day Stars

Day Stars () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Talankin. It stars Alla Demidova, Andrei Popov, and Konstantin Baranov.


Don't Forget... Lugovaya Station

Don't Forget... Lugovaya Station () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikita Kurikhin and Leonid Menaker. It stars Georgiy Yumatov, Alla Chernova, and Valentina Vladimirova.

The Elusive Avengers

The Elusive Avengers () is a 1966 Soviet adventure movie directed by Edmond Keosayan. It stars Viktor Kosykh, Valentina Kurdyukova, and Vasily Vasilyev.


Going Inside a Storm

Going Inside a Storm () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Mikaelyan. It stars Aleksandr Belyavskiy, Vasili Lanovoy, and Rostislav Plyatt.


Go There, Don't Know Where

Go There, Don't Know Where () is a 1966 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Vladimir Danilevich.

Hero of Our Time (movie)

Hero of Our Time () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Vladimir Ivashov, Aleksey Chernov, and Silvia Berova. The movie is an adaptation of the eponymous novel by Mikhail Lermontov.


Tajikistan national cricket team

The "Tajikistan national cricket team" is a men's team that represents Tajikistan in international cricket. They have been a member of the International Cricket Council since 2021.

I'm a Soldier Mom

I'm a Soldier Mom () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Manos Zacharias. It stars Vladimir Grammatikov, Anatoli Ilin, and Vladimir Serababin.


In S. City

In S. City () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Andrei Popov, Anatoli Papanov, and Nonna Terentyeva.


Kazakhstan national futsal team

The Kazakhstan national futsal team is controlled by the Football Federation of Kazakhstan and they have been the FIFA Futsal World Cup where their best placing was 4th in 2021.

Kungssången

Kungssången (English: Royal song) or Ur svenska hjärtans djup en gång (Once from the depths of Swedish hearts) is the royal anthem and song representing the royal family in Sweden. It was composed by Otto Lindblad, the lirycs were wrtitten by Carl Wilhelm August Strandberg. The anthem was first performed on 5 of december 1844, but officially adopted in 1893.

One Night Only (Bee Gees album)

One Night Only is a live album by the band Bee Gees and was released on 7 September, 1998. It was recorded at MGM Grand in Las Vegas on 14 November, 1997 and performed their greatest hits live.

All songs by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb, except where noted.




Note: As the song "How Deep Is Your Love" finishes to sustained applause, Barry's daughter, Alexandra, appears on stage to present him and her uncle Robin with red roses. When she tries to give one to her other uncle, Maurice, "Stayin' Alive" starts to play, forcing her to exit.

While the song "Grease" is being performed, the lighting crew shines a spotlight on Olivia Newton John and her daughter, Chloe Rose Lattanzi, who are sitting in the audience.


Katerina Izmailova (movie)

Katerina Izmailova () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Shapiro. It stars Galina Vishnevskaya, Artyom Inozemtsev, and Nikolai Boyarsky.


Lenin in Poland

Lenin in Poland () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Maksim Shtraukh, Anna Lisyanskaya, and Antonina Pavlycheva.


A Long Happy Life

A Long Happy Life () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Gennady Shpalikov. It stars Inna Gulaya, Kirill Lavrov, and Yelizaveta Akulicheva.


Man without a Passport

Man without a Passport () is a 1966 Soviet thriller movie directed by Anatoly Bobrovsky. It stars Vladimir Zamansky, Gennady Frolov, and Nikolai Gritsenko.


A Mother's Devotion

A Mother's Devotion () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Donskoy. It stars Nina Menshikova, Rodion Nakhapetov, and Gennadi Chertov.

An Old, Old Tale

An Old, Old Tale () is a 1968 Soviet musical movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Oleg Dahl, Marina Neyolova, and Vladimir Etush.


Older Sister

Older Sister () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgy Natanson. It stars Tatyana Doronina, Natalya Tenyakova, and Mikhail Zharov.


A Pistol Shot (1966 movie)

A Pistol Shot () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Naum Trakhtenberg. It stars Mikhail Kozakov, Yury Yakovlev, and Ariadna Shengelaya.


The Republic of ShKID (movie)

The Republic of ShKID () is a 1966 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Gennadi Poloka. It stars Sergei Yursky, Julia Burygin, and Pavel Luspekayev.


Royal Regatta

Royal Regatta () is a 1966 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yuri Chulyukin. It stars Natalya Kustinskaya, Valentin Smirnitskiy, and Aleksandr Gruzinsky.


The Story of Asya Klyachina

The Story of Asya Klyachina () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Konchalovsky. It stars Iya Savvina, Gennady Egorychev, and Alexander Surin.


Chief Minister of Madhesh Province

The Chief Minister of Madhesh is the head of government of Madhesh Province. The Chief Minister is appointed by the governor of according to Article 167 of the constitution of Nepal. The chief minister is the head of the council ministers of province. He/she is also the chief adviser to the governor of Madhesh Province.Madhesh Province was formed after the adoption of the constitution of Nepal. On 17 January 2022, the meeting of provincial assembly declared Janakpur as Capital of Province no. 2 while the Province was rename to Madhesh Province.

The current chief minister is Mohammad Lalbabu Raut Gaddhi from 4 February 2018.



On Thin Ice (1966 movie)

On Thin Ice () is a 1966 Soviet movie directed by Damir Vyatich-Berezhnykh.

The Tale of Tsar Saltan (1966 movie)

The Tale of Tsar Saltan () is a 1966 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Vladimir Andreyev, Larisa Golubkina, and Oleg Vidov.


There Lived Kozyavin

There Lived Kozyavin () is a 1966 Soviet animated movie directed by Andrei Khrzhanovsky.

Three Fat Men (movie)

Three Fat Men () is a 1966 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksey Batalov and Iosif Shapiro. It stars Lina Braknytė, Pyotr Artemyev, and Aleksey Batalov. The movie is based on the eponymous novel by Yury Olesha.


Two Tickets for a Daytime Picture Show

Two Tickets for a Daytime Picture Show () is a 1966 Soviet crime movie directed by Gerbert Rappaport. It stars Aleksandr Zbruyev, Zemfira Tsakhilova, and Igor Gorbachyov.


Copan stream frog

The Copan stream frog ("Ptychohyla hypomykter") is a frog. It lives in Nicaragua, Honduras, and Guatemala. Scientists think it might also live in El Salvador. People have seen this frog between 340 and 2070 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in cloud forests.

The Ugly Story

The Ugly Story () is a 1966 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov. It stars Yevgeny Yevstigneyev, Viktor Sergachyov, and Aleksandr Gruzinsky.


Wings (1966 movie)

Wings () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Larisa Shepitko. It stars Maya Bulgakova, Zhanna Bolotova, and Panteleimon Krymov.


Women (1966 movie)

Women () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Pavel Lyubimov. It stars Inna Makarova, Nina Sazonova, and Nadezhda Fedosova.


Year as Long as Life

Year as Long as Life () is a 1966 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Roshal. It stars Igor Kvasha, Andrey Mironov, and Rufina Nifontova.


Adventures of Mowgli

Adventures of Mowgli () is a 1973 Soviet animated movie directed by Roman Davydov.

The Andromeda Nebula

The Andromeda Nebula () is a 1967 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Yevgeni Sherstobitov. It stars Sergei Stolyarov, Vija Artmane, and Nikolai Kryukov.


2022 Eastern Kentucky floods

On July 27, 2022, very heavy rainfall hit parts of eastern Kentucky and southwest Virginia, including surrounding Appalachia communities. This cause large floodings in Kentucky. The flooding caused 25 deaths with many reportedly missing.

On July 29, President Joe Biden said the flooding was a major disaster in Kentucky and ordered federal aid to help state and local recovery efforts in the areas affected.

2022 Commonwealth Games

The 2022 Commonwealth Games, officially known as the XXII Commonwealth Games and also known as Birmingham 2022, is an international multi-sport event for members of the Commonwealth that is taking place in Birmingham, England from 28 July to 8 August 2022. 

2022 Luzon earthquake

On July 27, 2022, an earthquake hit the island of Luzon in the Philippines. It had a magnitude of 7.0 , with an epicenter in Abra province. Ten people were reported dead and 320 were injured. At least 12,802 homes, schools and other buildings were damaged or destroyed.

2021–2022 Iraqi political crisis

Since October 2021, there has been a political crisis in Iraq, with members of the Council of Representatives of Iraq being unable to form a stable coalition government, or elect a new President. 

Violent clashes in Baghdad after the 2021 parliamentary election and the attempted assassination of Prime Minister Mustafa Al-Kadhimi began the crisis. On 18 November Muqtada al-Sadr said he would like to form a majority government.

On 27 July, supporters of al-Sadr stormed the Green Zone and the Iraqi Parliament in Baghdad.

Blasted Hell

Blasted Hell () is a 1967 Soviet action movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Gennadiy Bortnikov, Nikolai Skorobogatov, and Imedo Kakhiani.


Brief Encounters (movie)

Brief Encounters () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Kira Muratova. It stars Nina Ruslanova, Vladimir Vysotsky, and Kira Muratova.


Green Zone

The Green Zone () is the most common name for the International Zone of Baghdad. It was a area in the Karkh district of central Baghdad, Iraq, that was the governmental center of the Coalition Provisional Authority during the occupation of Iraq.

Chronicles of a Dive Bomber

Chronicles of a Dive Bomber () is a 1967 Soviet war movie directed by Naum Birman. It stars Lev Vainshtein, Aleksandr Grave, and Oleg Dahl.


Commissar (movie)

Commissar () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Askoldov. It stars Nonna Mordyukova, Rolan Bykov, and Lyudmila Volynskaya.


Stuart Woods

Stuart Woods (January 9, 1938 – July 22, 2022) was an American novelist. He was known best for his first novel "Chiefs" and his series of novels about the Stone Barrington character.

Woods died on July 22, 2022 in Washington, Connecticut at the age of 84.

Day of Sun and Rain

Day of Sun and Rain () is a 1967 Soviet family movie directed by Viktor Sokolov. It stars Aleksandr Barinov, Anatoliy Popov, and Aleksandr Sokolov.


Manchester, Georgia

Manchester is a city in Meriwether and Talbot counties in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is mainly in Meriwether. The population was 3,584 at the 2020 census.

Fair Wind, &quot;Blue Bird&quot;!

Fair Wind, "Blue Bird"! () is a 1967 Soviet adventure movie directed by Mikhail Ershov. It stars Blazhenka Catalinić, Radmila Karaklajić, and Vitaly Doronin.


Give a Paw, Friend!

Give a Paw, Friend! () is a 1967 Soviet family movie directed by Ilya Gurin. It stars Olga Bobkova, Valentina Belyaeva, and Nikolay Lebedev.

Giorgio Oppi

Giorgio Oppi (8 February 1940 – 26 July 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy until 12 May 2009. He was born in Iglesias, Italy. 

Oppi died at a hospital in Cagliari, Italy on 26 July 2022 from problems caused by pancreatitis at the age of 82.

Aldo Pastore

Aldo Pastore (15 December 1930 – 26 July 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy from 1979 to 1987. Pastore was born in Savona, Italy. 

Pastore died on 26 July 2022 in Savona at the age of 91.

Mary Alice

Mary Alice Smith (December 3, 1936 – July 27, 2022), also known as Mary Alice, was an American actress. Alice was known for her roles as Leticia "Lettie" Bostic on the NBC sitcom "A Different World" and Effie Williams in the 1976 musical drama "Sparkle". Alice won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her role in the 1987 production of August Wilson's "Fences". She also won an Emmy Award in 1993. Alice also played the Oracle in "The Matrix Revolutions".

Alice died on July 27, 2022 at her home in New York City.

Yelizaveta Dementyeva

Yelizaveta Dementyeva (; 5 March 1928 – 27 July 2022) was a Soviet sprint canoer. She competed in the late 1950s. She won a gold medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. Dementyeva also won two medals at the 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Prague, both gold and silver.

Dementyeva died on 27 July 2022 at the age of 94.

The Shadows of Knight

The Shadows of Knight were an American rock band from Chicago, Illinois. They played a version of British blues inspired by Chicago. They began recording in 1965.

The Green Carriage

The Green Carriage () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Yan Frid. It stars Natalya Tenyakova, Vladimir Chestnokov, and Igor Dmitriev.


His Name Was Robert

His Name Was Robert () is a 1967 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Ilya Olshvanger. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Marianna Vertinskaya, and Mikhail Pugovkin.


The Journalist (1967 movie)

The Journalist () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Yuri Vasilyev, Galina Polskikh, and Nadezhda Fedosova.


An Incident that no one noticed

An Incident that no one noticed () is a 1967 Soviet movie directed by Aleksandr Volodin. It stars Zhanna Prokhorenko, Vera Titova, and Yevgeny Lebedev.


I Loved You (movie)

I Loved You () is a 1967 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Viktor Perevalov, Violetta Khusnulova, and Valeri Ryzhakov.


Kidnapping, Caucasian Style

Kidnapping, Caucasian Style () is a 1967 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Aleksandr Demyanenko, Natalya Varley, and Vladimir Etush.


Major Whirlwind

Major Whirlwind () is a 1967 Soviet movie directed by Yevgeny Tashkov. It stars Vadim Beroev, Anastasia Voznesenskaya, and Viktor Pavlov.


Magician (1967 movie)

Magician () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Pyotr Todorovsky. It stars Zinovy Gerdt, Alla Larionova, and Yevgeny Leonov.


Pietro Citati

Pietro Citati (20 February 1930 – 28 July 2022) was an Italian writer and literary critic. He was born in Florence, Italy. He wrote the biographies of Goethe, Alexander the Great, Kafka and Marcel Proust. He also worked for "Corriere della Sera" and was the literary critic for "la Repubblica".

Citati died in Roccamare, Italy on 28 July 2022 at the age of 92.

The Mitten (movie)

The Mitten () is a 1967 Soviet animated movie directed by Roman Kachanov.

Yaakov Heruti

Yaakov Heruti (; 15 January 1927 – 28 July 2022) was an Israeli lawyer and right-wing activist. He was a member of the pre-state militant group Lehi. When he was with Lehi, he created the letter bomb that was sent to Roy Farran. He later became the leader of the group Kingdom of Israel, which bombed the Soviet embassy in Tel Aviv. He served a two-year prison term. He later became involved in politics.

Heruti died on 28 July 2022 in Tel Aviv at the age of 95.


József Kardos

József Kardos (29 March 1960 – 28 July 2022) was a Hungarian footballer. He played as a defender for Újpesti Dózsa and the Hungary national team.

Kardos died 28 July 2022, at the age of 62.

Terry Neill

William John Terence Neill (8 May 1942 – 28 July 2022) was a Northern Irish football player and manager. He was known for playing and managing Hull City, Tottenham Hotspur, and Northern Ireland.

Neill died on 28 July 2022 at the age of 80.

Ron Sider

Ronald James Sider (September 17, 1939 – July 27, 2022) was a Canadian-born American theologian and social activist. He was the founder of Evangelicals for Social Action. He was also a founding board member of the National Religious Partnership for the Environment. He was a professor at Palmer Theological Seminary. Sider was born in Stevensville, Canada.

Sider died on July 27, 2022 at his home in Wayne, Pennsylvania from a heart attack, aged 82.

Wayne, Pennsylvania

Wayne is an unincorporated community centered in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, on the Main Line. The center of Wayne was made the Downtown Wayne Historic District in 2012. It is a suburb of Philadelphia.

Christopher Meyer

Sir Christopher John Rome Meyer (22 February 1944 – 27 July 2022) was a British politician. He was the Ambassador to the United States from 1997 to 2003 and to Germany in 1997 during the Tony Blair government. He also was the Downing Street Press Secretary from 1993 to 1996 in the John Major government. Meyer was born in Beaconsfield, England.

Meyer died of a stroke on 27 July 2022 in Megève, France at the age of 78.

Megève

Megève (; ) is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in Southeastern France.

Robert Boutigny

Robert Boutigny (24 July 1927 – 22 July 2022) was a French sprint canoeist. He was in two Summer Olympics, he won a bronze medal in the C-1 1000 m event at London in 1948. Boutigny also won two medals at the 1950 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships. He was born in Villeneuve-le-Roi, France.

Boutigny died on 22 July 2022, two days before his 95th birthday.

Villeneuve-le-Roi

Villeneuve-le-Roi () is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is from Paris.

Fuel (band)

Fuel is an American rock band from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. It was created by guitarist-songwriter Carl Bell in 1989. 

They are known for their hit songs "Shimmer" from the album "Sunburn", "Hemorrhage (In My Hands)" and "Bad Day" from the album "Something Like Human", as well as "Falls on Me" from the album "Natural Selection".

Stephen G. Olmstead

Stephen Goodwin Olmstead (November 10, 1929 – July 20, 2022) was an American Marine Corps Lieutenant General. He was the was Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Drug Policy and Enforcement and the Director of the Department of Defense Task Force on Drug Enforcement. Olmstead was born in Albany, New York.

Olmstead died on July 20, 2022 at a hospital in Annandale, Virginia at the age of 92.

Annandale, Virginia

Annandale () is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County, Virginia. The population of the CDP was 43,363 as of the 2020 United States Census.

The Mysterious Wall

The Mysterious Wall () is a 1967 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Irina Povolotskaya and Mikhail Sadkovich. It stars Lev Krugly, Tatyana Lavrova, and Irakli Uchaneishvili.


Black crowned crane

The black crowned crane ("Balearica pavonina") is a bird in the Gruidae family.

Nikolay Bauman (movie)

Nikolay Bauman () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Tumanov. It stars Rodion Aleksandrov, Elina Bystritskaya, and Igor Dmitriev.


No Password Necessary

No Password Necessary () is a 1967 Soviet action movie directed by Boris Grigorev. It stars Nikolay Gubenko, Mikhail Fyodorov, and Rodion Nahapetov.


Charles L. Waddell

Charles Lindy Waddell (May 13, 1932 – July 19, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Virginia Senate from 1972 to 1998. He was deputy transportation secretary to Governor Jim Gilmore. He was the step-father of former Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring. He was born in Braselton, Georgia.

Waddell died on July 19, 2022 in Leesburg, Virginia at the age of 90. 

No Path Through Fire

No Path Through Fire () is a 1968 Soviet war movie directed by Gleb Panfilov. It stars Inna Churikova, Anatoly Solonitsyn, and Mikhail Gluzsky.


Passion of Spies

Passion of Spies () is a 1967 Soviet animated movie directed by Yefim Gamburg.

Private Life of Kuzyayev Valentin

Private Life of Kuzyayev Valentin () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Averbakh and Igor Maslennikov. It stars Viktor Ilichyov, Irina Tereshenkova, and Avgust Baltrusaitis.


Braselton, Georgia

Braselton ( ) is a town in Barrow, Gwinnett, Hall, and Jackson counties in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is about northeast of Atlanta. As of the 2020 census, the town had a population of 13,403.

Retribution (1967 movie)

Retribution () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Kirill Lavrov, Anatoliy Papanov, and Lyudmila Krylova.


Bethlehem, Georgia

Bethlehem is a town in Barrow County in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 715.

You Learn

"You Learn" is a song by the Canadian singer Alanis Morissette. It is from her third studio album, Jagged Little Pill (1995). The song was written by Morissette and Glen Ballard. Ballard was the album's producer. When Maverick and Warner Bros. Records released the song, it was the album's fourth single (third in the United Kingdom). The words talk about how good lessons are learned from bad decisions. The album title is from this line in the song: we “Swallow it down (what a jagged little pill)".

Indigenous peoples of the Northeastern Woodlands

Indigenous peoples of the Northeastern Woodlands are American Indian tribes with similar cultures in the northeastern and the Midwest United States and southeastern parts of Canada. There are three areas in the Northeastern Woodlands. The "coastal area" runs from South Carolina up to Canada. "Saint Lawrence Lowlands" includes parts of Ontario and New York. "The Great Lakes-Riverine" area is around the Great Lakes. There are different landscapes in the region. They include coasts, forests, mountains and lowlands. The Northeastern Woodlands are surrounded by the Subartic, Great Plains and Southeastern Woodlands. Algonquian, Iroquoian, or Siouan are the three language groups of the area.

Algonquian-speaking tribes are Abenaki, Accomac, Delaware (Lenape), Fox, Illinois, Kickapoo, Malecite, Massachusett, Menominee, Miami, Mi’kmaq (Micmac), Mohegan, Mohican (Mahican) Montauk, Nanticoke, Niantic, Nipmuc, Narragansett, Nauset, Ojibwa, Ottawa, Passamaquoddy, Penobscot, Pennacook. Pequot, Pocomtuc, Potawatomi, Powhatan, Sauk, Shawnee, Wampanoag and Wappinger. These tribes were all over the Northeast and along the coast except near the Great Lakes.

Iroquoian speaking tribes include Oneida, Onondaga, Cayuga, Seneca, Huron, Mohawk, Petun, Tionontati, Neutral, Wenrohronon, Tuscarora, Erie, Susquehannock, and Laurentian Iroquois. The Five Nations included Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Cayuga, and Seneca. They were part of the Iroquois Confederacy.

Siouan language tribes include Winnebago, Tutelo and Yankton. Most Siouan are closer to the Plains region.

The Hopewell culture developed in 200 BC. They were in the Midwest and Ohio. The culture disappeared after 400 CE. The Algonquian and Iroquoian tribes developed around 1100. This was in present-day New England. The Iroquois was a powerful confederacy of tribes from about 1400 to 1700 CE. Lenni-Lenape lived in present-day Delaware and New Jersey. They were forced off their lands by Europeans. The Powhatan Confederacy (Tsenacommacah) were tribes in present-day Virginia. Chief Powhatan was the father of Pocahontas. The region of the Powhatan was the first area that British settled, including Jamestown.

Northeast Woodland Natives usually lived in wigwams or longhouses. They traded wampum, which were shell beads. Natives used the birchbark canoe for hunting, warfare and fishing. The main crops were the Three Sisters. This included winter squash, maize (corn), and climbing beans. They were grown together to improve growth. There were villages of a few hundred people. Some areas like Cahokia had many people. Men usually planted and harvested, while women processed plants. The clan was an important social group. They were often named after animals like the bear, hawk, turtle or wolf. Natives believed in spiritual force that was everywhere. "Manitou" was the spiritual life force. It could reveal itself as the "Great Spirit". Totem animals were also sacred.


Silke Smulders

Silke Smulders (born 1 April 2001) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's World Tour team Liv Racing–Xstra.

Smulders competed at the 2020 European Road Championships in the women’s under-23 road race where she was the lead-out rider for Lonneke Uneken, who won the silver medal. Due to this performance and her performance during the 2020 Trophée des Grimpeuses, she earned a professional contract in 2021 with Lotto–Soudal Ladies. While she missed a part of the season due to a knee surgery she had some good results.
She had a good Dutch national championships and finished 5th in the youth classification of the 2021 Giro Rosa. Smulders moved in 2022 to a main women’s cycling teams Liv Racing–Xstra. Smulders competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

The Road to 'Saturn'

The Road to 'Saturn' () is a 1967 Soviet action movie directed by Villen Azarov. It stars Mikhail Volkov, Georgi Zhzhyonov, and Arkadi Tolbuzin.


Running on Waves

Running on Waves () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Pavel Lyubimov. It stars Sava Hashamov, Rolan Bykov, and Margarita Terekhova.


Save the Drowning Man

Save the Drowning Man () is a 1967 Soviet comedy movie directed by Pavel Arsenov. It stars Andrei Ushakov, Leonid Karasyov, and Egor Dyakov.


Sea Tales

Sea Tales () is a 1967 Soviet adventure movie directed by Aleksey Sakharov and Aleksandr Svetlov. It stars Nikolay Dostal, Viktor Zadubrovsky, and Vladimir Balashov.


Tatyana's Day

Tatyana's Day () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Lyudmila Maksakova, Vladimir Tatosov, and Anatoliy Antosevich.


Eva van Agt

Eva van Agt (born 18 March 1997) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist, who currently rides since 2022 for the British UCI Women's Continental Team Le Col–Wahoo. She competed in her first year as a professional cyclist at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

She is a former field hockey player.

Her grandfather is former prime minister of the Netherlands Dries van Agt.

African-American Jews

African-American Jews are people who are both African-American and Jewish.

Hagiography

A hagiography is a biography of a saint or leader, or an adulatory and idealized biography of a founder, saint, monk, nun or icon in any of the world's religions. Early Christian hagiographies might consist of a biography or , a description of the saint's deeds or miracles or martyrdom or a combination of these.

By extension the word has come to mean an excessively flattering biography of a person that the author wishes to promote.

Ilse Pluimers

Ilse Pluimers (born 29 April 2002) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist from Enter, who currently rides since 2021 for UCI Women's Continental Team AG Insurance–NXTG. She competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Her brother is cyclist Rick Pluimers and her grandfather Johan Pluimers was also a cyclist.

Cultural appropriation

Cultural appropriation is when one culture wrongly adopts and takes elements from another culture. One culture does not understand or respect the other culture. Cultures often do not acknowledge that they are taking something from another culture. Often a majority culture uses cultural elements of a minority culture. Appropriation can be disrespectful or have stereotypes. Cultural appropriation can include groups making money off of minority cultures. Oversimplifying minority cultures is also an example. 

Cultural appropriation is different than appreciation. Appreciation is when one values and respects the customs and cultures one is using or adopting.

There are many examples in culture and every day life. People can dress up like other cultures during Halloween without having respect for the culture. There is often appropriation in pop culture. Singers or celebrities may use cultural dances or clothing and make a lot of money from it.

Anne van Rooijen

Anne van Rooijen (born 4 June 2000) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist from Enter, who currently rides since 2022 for UCI Women's Continental Team Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.

Van Rooijen earned a contract with Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team in 2022. She competed during her first year of a professional cyclist at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Her two year older sister Sofie van Rooijen is also a professional cyclist, riding for the same team.

Lake Shore, Minnesota

Lake Shore is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Longville, Minnesota

Longville is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Pine River, Minnesota

Pine River is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Remer, Minnesota

Remer is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States.

Clara City, Minnesota

Clara City is a city in Chippewa County, Minnesota, United States.

Quinty Schoens

Quinty Schoens (born 12 February 1999) is a Dutch triathlete and professional racing cyclist, who currently rides since 2022 for UCI Women's Continental Team Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.

Van Rooijen earned a contract with Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team in 2022. She competed during her first year of a professional cyclist at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Maynard, Minnesota

Maynard is a city in Chippewa County, Minnesota, United States.

Milan, Minnesota

Milan is a city in Chippewa County, Minnesota, United States.

Watson, Minnesota

Watson is a city in Chippewa County, Minnesota, United States.

Chisago City, Minnesota

Chisago City is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Juan de Oñate

Don Juan de Oñate (1550–1626) was a Spanish conquistador. He was a colonial governor in New Spain. He explored the Great Plains and Northwest regions. He is infamous for the Acoma Massacre (1599) in New Mexico. He and other Spaniards cruelly attacked and destroyed the Acoma Pueblo. Many of the Pueblo people were enslaved or had one leg removed. Some new research indicates that it may have just been toes removed. 

Oñate is controversial today in New Mexico and the United States. The foot of an Oñate statue was removed in New Mexico. There have been protests about a new statue in Texas.

Lindstrom, Minnesota

Lindstrom is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Shafer, Minnesota

Shafer is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Stacy, Minnesota

Stacy is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Taylors Falls, Minnesota

Taylors Falls is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Wyoming, Minnesota

Wyoming is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States.

Barnesville, Minnesota

Barnesville is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Helluva Boss

Helluva Boss is an American adult animated series created by Vivienne Medrano. It is based on the misadventures of the employees of I.M.P., a murder-for-hire company. The pilot was released on November 25, 2019 and the first season was released on October 31, 2020. On November 13, 2021, a second season was announced, which premiered on July 30, 2022.

The story follows I.M.P. (Immediate Murder Professionals), a murder company in Hell. The members are Blitzo (pronounced "Blitz"), the owner of the company, Millie and Moxxie, a married imp couple, and Loona, a hellhound who is Blitzo's daughter. Blitzo also has a tricky relationship with Stolas, a demon prince. Stolas has a book called a grimoire, which I.M.P. uses to do their job, because it allows them to access the human world.

The series takes place in the same universe as "Hazbin Hotel," but with different characters and stories.







Blackfeet Nation

The Blackfeet Nation is an American Indian tribe in Montana. They are part of the Great Plains cultural region. The US Government recognizes it as a tribe. The Blackfeet Indian Reservation is next to the Glacier National Park and the Lewis and Clark National Forest. These two areas were originally Blackfeet. The sacred Badger-Two Medicine area is in the Lewis and Clark National Forest. 

The Blackfeet originally came from the area of the Great Lakes. They later settled the region of Montana in the 17th century. They were nomads. The people eventually got firearms and horses. Americans pushed west and took away land in the 19th century. A treaty of 1896 established a reservation for the Blackfeet. Some sacred area like the Rocky Mountain Front were not included.

Mischa Bredewold

Mischa Bredewold (born 20 June 2000) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist from Hoogland, who currently rides since 2021 for UCI Women's Continental Team Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.

Bredewold won the first stage of the 2021 Baloise Ladies Tour and the overall young rider classification. At the 2022 European Road Championships she won the bronze medal in the under-23 team time trial event. She competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Indigenous peoples of the Southeastern Woodlands

The Indigenous peoples of the Southeastern Woodlands are American Indian tribes with similar cultures in the Southeast United States and northern border of Mexico. It is difficult to create boundaries for this region. This region shared many cultural elements with its neighbors. Neighboring regions include Northeastern Woodlands, Great Plains and a little bit of the Southwest region. The Southeast and Northeast Woodlands combined make the Eastern Woodlands. The region includes coastal area, hilly areas, part of the Appalachian Mountains, savanna grassland and forests. Tribes include the Five Civilized Tribes. They are Chickasaw, Choctaw, Creek, Cherokee, and Seminole. The two large language groups were Caddoan and Muskogean. 

There are no historical records of early Southeastern Woodlands Native peoples and their stories. Archaeologists study artifacts and remains from these people groups to better understand their history. 

In the early periods, agriculture led to population growth. Two important cultures in early periods were the Poverty Point Culture and Mississippian Culture. The Poverty Point Culture was in Louisiana during the Archaic period from 2000–1000 BCE. Objects show that they were trading. The Mississippian Culture was from 800 CE to 1500 CE. They grew corn and were mound builders. Many groups were part of the Southeastern Ceremonial Complex. These were religious and trading connections. In the 16th century, the Spanish invaded the Southeastern lands and used the "encomienda" system. Hernando de Soto traveled the Southeastern Woodlands and attacked settlements. Colonial attacks made tribes weaker. Europeans brought diseases that reduced population sizes. European colonization also led to changes in Southeastern Woodland cultures. Roman Catholic missionaries created missions and tried to convert Natives people In the 17th century.

In the 18th century, Natives were involved in international conflicts like the Seven Years' War. 

In the 19th century, Natives were forced off their lands. Natives had different responses to the Indian Removal Act. In "Cherokee Nation" v. "Georgia" case, the Supreme Court decided that the Cherokee had no right to sue. Creeks agreed to move, but a lot of Cherokee were forced to leave. 

The 20th century included the Natives getting back their rights and sovereignty. 

Southeastern Woodlands people lived in villages. A special building was often in the center of the settlement. This building was either a temple or for ceremonies. Some settlements had large fences around the settlement for defense. Hopewell tradition clans were named after animals.

The peoples of the Southeastern Woodlands went hunting for wild game and fishing. The main crop was corn. Corn allowed for larger populations. There was also winter squash and climbing beans. These three plants were often grown together. They are called the Three Sisters. Natives also grew other plants and used sunflower to make oil. Work was divided by gender. Men were active in hunting, trade and war. Women did mainly agriculture. 

There was a lot of interaction with other regions like the Great Plains and Northeastern Woodlands people. Mound building may have come from regions in present-day Mexico. Mound building was common. Southeastern Woodlands natives often traded pottery and shells. These were valuable objects. 

Chiefs led local settlement groups. These chiefs were often political and religious. There were also separate war leaders. Settlements had social hierarchy. 

Families were based on matrilineal descent. This meant that things like inheritance of property were based on the mother's side. Exogamy was also common. This was when someone married somebody else outside of the clan. This could create more relations with other clans. Incest within a clan was not allowed and there were strict rule against it.

Native peoples believed in animism. According to this worldview, animals also had souls. Hunting was viewed as sacred. Animals had to be respected. The souls of killed animals could get revenge if they were not respected. Natives also believed that other objects besides plants and animals had spiritual power. There were often medicine people. They were also spiritual leaders. 

Petra Stiasny

Petra Stiasny (born 10 September 2001) is a Swiss racing cyclist from Wädenswil, who currently rides for UCI Women's Continental Team Roland Cogeas Edelweiss Squad.

At a young age Stiasny competed in athletics and swimming. After doing triathlon she focussed completely on cycling. She finished 22nd in the 2022 Giro d'Italia Donne. She competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. Due to a crash and mechanical failure she finished out of time in the first stage.

Nicole Frain

Nicole Louise Frain (born 24 August 1992) is an Australian professional racing cyclist from Tasmania, who currently rides for the Dutch UCI Women's Continental Team Parkhotel Valkenburg Cycling Team.

Frain won the silver medal at the 2019 Oceania Road Cycling Championships in the time trial event. In 2021 Frain won the bronze medal at the Australian National Time Trial Championships. She became the 2022 Australian National Road Race Champion. She competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. In the second stage she rode with high speed into Marta Cavalli causing a crash. The way she rode into Cavalli was mentioned as careless cycling and caused commotion. Cavalli had to leave the Tour.

In 2014, Frain was involved in a traffic accident killing a 78-year-old man. Frain was said to have been fallen asleep while driven. She got a suspended sentence for this accident.

Anya Louw

Anya Louw (born 16 October 2000) is an Australian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the Dutch UCI Women's Continental Team AG Insurance–NXTG.

Frain competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. She was in stage 5 in the breakaway that last 140 kilometres. She was having fun and even trying to cheer the croud along the way.

La Malinche

La Malinche (1500-1550) or Malintzin or Marina was an American Indian woman from the Mexican Yucatan Peninsula. In 1519, Hernán Cortés chose her as a slave with 19 other women. She became the direct helper and translator for Cortés. She knew both Mayan and Nahuatl of the region and learned Spanish. She was important in negotiations. With Malinche, Cortés could interpret the language of the Aztecs. Malinche was eventually baptized as Doña Marina. Cortés used Malinche to find the weaknesses of the Aztecs and to destroy them. This included the fall of Tenochtitlán. 

Friday I'm in Love

"Friday I'm in Love" is a song by the English gothic rock band The Cure. It was released on 15 May, 1992 from their ninth album "Wish". It went to number six in the United Kingdom and number 18 in the United States.

The Last Warrior (2000 movie)

The Last Warrior is a 2000 Israeli American science fiction action movie directed by Sheldon Lettich and starring Dolph Lundgren, Juliano Mer, Sherri Alexander, Ze'ev Revach, Chanan Elias, Rebecca Cross.


Wind &amp; Wuthering

Wind & Wuthering is the eighth studio album by Genesis. The album was released on 17 December 1976 through Charisma Records and was the last to feature guitarist Steve Hackett. It went to number 7 in the United States and number 3 in Canada.

Sometimes When We Touch

"Sometimes When We Touch" is a 1977 song by Canadian singer Dan Hill and taken from his album "Longer Fuse". It went to number 1 in Canada and South Africa, number 3 in Australia, number 4 in New Zealand and number 3 in the United States. It has been covered by Tina Turner, Tammy Wynette and Rod Stewart.

I Tre Sassi

The I Tre Sassi is a mountain of Lake Como in Italy at 2087 meters above sea level, part of the Gruppo delle Gigne.

The highest point of the mountains that surround it for about 10 kilometers is the 2409 meters of altidunine southeast of the top of Mount Tre Sassi.

There are about 100 people per square kilometer in the Monte I Tre Sassi area, and the closest municipality is Mandello del Lario.

The Tre Sasi mountain is covered almost entirely by forest.

The average temperature is 8 degrees, and the hottest month is July, while the coldest is February with an average of -2 degrees. The rainfall is 1714 millimeters per year. The rainy month is November with 281 mm of rain, and the driest is September with 87 mm of rain.

Möbius function

The Möbius function is the function µ(x,d,g,f,h,c)=mod(|(x^(sqrt(n))-sin(f^(1/g)))/ln(h^c)|,1). It is commonly used in generating a random irrational number. This is often found in ai which improves through evolutionary processes as the numbers produced with completely random integers as inputs tend to be useful.

The Seventh Companion

The Seventh Companion () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Aronov and Aleksei German. It stars Andrei Popov, Aleksandr Anisimov, and Georgiy Shtil.


The Snow Queen (1967 movie)

The Snow Queen () is a 1967 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Gennadi Kazansky. It stars Valery Nikitenko, Elena Proklova, and Slava Ziupa.


Torrents of Steel

Torrents of Steel () is a 1967 Soviet war drama movie directed by Efim Dzigan. It stars Nikolay Alekseev, Lev Fritschinsky, and Vladimir Ivashov.


Sofiya Perovskaya (movie)

Sofiya Perovskaya () is a 1967 Soviet movie directed by Lev Arnshtam. It stars Alexandra Nazarova, Viktor Tarasov, and Boris Khmelnitsky. The movie is based on the life of Sofiya Perovskaya, member of Narodnaya Volya, executed for taking part in planning the successful assassination of Alexander II of Russia.


Spring on the Oder

Spring on the Oder () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Saakov. It stars Anatoliy Kuznetsov, Anatoliy Grachyov, and Lyudmila Chursina.


Stewardess (movie)

Stewardess () is a 1967 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Krasnopolsky and Valery Uskov. It stars Alla Demidova, Georgiy Zhzhonov, and Vladimir Etush.


Straight Line (movie)

Straight Line () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Shvyryov. It stars Lyudmila Dolgorukova, Oleg Efremov, and Sergei Gololobov.


Comstock, Minnesota

Comstock is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Dilworth, Minnesota

Dilworth is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Felton, Minnesota

Felton is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Georgetown, Minnesota

Georgetown is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Glyndon, Minnesota

Glyndon is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Hawley, Minnesota

Hawley is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Strong with Spirit

Strong with Spirit () is a 1967 Soviet movie directed by Viktor Georgiyev. It stars Gunārs Cilinskis, Ivan Pereverzev, and Yevgeni Vesnik.


Hitterdal, Minnesota

Hitterdal is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Three Poplars in Plyushchikha

Three Poplars in Plyushchikha () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Tatyana Lioznova. It stars Tatiana Doronina, Oleg Yefremov, and Hikmat Latypov.


Sabin, Minnesota

Sabin is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Ulen, Minnesota

Ulen is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States.

Tough Nut (movie)

Tough Nut () is a 1967 Soviet comedy movie directed by Theodor Vulfovich. It stars Nadezhda Rumyantseva, Vitaly Solomin, and Vladimir Lippart.


Vertical (1967 movie)

Vertical () is a 1967 Soviet sports drama movie. It was directed by Stanislav Govorukhin and Boris Durov. It stars Vladimir Vysotsky, Gennady Voropayev, and Larisa Luzhina.


Clearbrook, Minnesota

Clearbrook is a city in Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States.

Viy (1967 movie)

Viy () is a 1967 Soviet horror movie directed by Konstantin Yershov and Georgi Kropachyov. It stars Leonid Kuravlyov, Natalya Varley, and Alexei Glazyrin.


Gonvick, Minnesota

Gonvick is a city in Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States.

Leonard, Minnesota

Leonard is a city in Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States.

Wedding in Malinovka

Wedding in Malinovka () is a 1967 Soviet comedy movie directed by Andrey Tutyshkin. It stars Vladimir Samoilov, Lyudmila Alfimova, and Valentina Lysenko. The movie is based on an operetta by Boris Aleksandrov adapted by Leonid Yukhvid.


Shevlin, Minnesota

Shevlin is a city in Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States.

A Winter Morning

A Winter Morning () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Lebedev. It stars Tanya Soldatenkova, Konstantin Kornakov, and Nikolai Timofeyev.


Bingham Lake, Minnesota

Bingham Lake is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Woman's World (1967 movie)

Woman's World () is a 1967 Soviet war movie directed by Alexey Saltykov. It stars Rimma Markova, Nina Sazonova, and Alexandra Dorokhin.


Jeffers, Minnesota

Jeffers is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Mountain Lake, Minnesota

Mountain Lake is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Why the Swallow Has the Tail with Little Horns

Why the Swallow Has the Tail with Little Horns () is a 1967 Soviet animated movie directed by Amen Khaydarov. The movie is based upon the traditional Kazakh fairy tale of the same name.

Storden, Minnesota

Storden is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Your Contemporary

Your Contemporary () is a 1967 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Raizman. It stars Igor Vladimirov, Nikolai Plotnikov, and Antonina Maksimova.


Westbrook, Minnesota

Westbrook is a city in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States.

Zhenya, Zhenechka and Katyusha

Zhenya, Zhenechka and Katyusha () is a 1967 Soviet war comedy movie directed by Vladimir Motyl. It stars Oleg Dahl, Galina Figlovskaya, and Mikhail Kokshenov. Zhenya Savicheva


Baxter, Minnesota

Baxter is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

At War as at War

At War as at War () is a 1968 Soviet war movie directed by Viktor Tregubovich. It stars Mikhail Kononov, Oleg Borisov, and Victor Pavlov.


Breezy Point, Minnesota

Breezy Point is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Crosby, Minnesota

Crosby is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Crosslake, Minnesota

Crosslake is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Cuyuna, Minnesota

Cuyuna is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Deerwood, Minnesota

Deerwood is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Bed-Sitter Images

Bed-Sitter Images is the debut studio album by Al Stewart released in 1967 and revised in 1970.

Side 1

Side 2

"All songs written by Al Stewart except where noted"

Side 1

Side 2


Emily, Minnesota

Emily is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Fifty Lakes, Minnesota

Fifty Lakes is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Fort Ripley, Minnesota

Fort Ripley is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Garrison, Minnesota

Garrison is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Ironton, Minnesota

Ironton is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Jenkins, Minnesota

Jenkins is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Manhattan Beach, Minnesota

Manhattan Beach is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Nisswa, Minnesota

Nisswa is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Syrian Armed Forces

The Syrian Arab Armed Forces is the Military of Syria, Originally formed in 1946. The Syrian Arab Armed Forces consists of the Syrian Arab Army, Syrian Arab Air Force, Syrian Arab Navy, Syrian Arab Air Defense Forces
, and the Paramilitary forces known as the National Defense Forces. The SAAF is a conscripted force made up of about 150,000 men (not counting militants).
The SAAF was first formed back in 1920, it was called the French Mandate Volunteer Force. It was considered the "Special Army of the Levant". During World War II, they fought against against British and Free French troops but all fights were unsuccessful. There later was a gendarmerie force made to fight off criminals, and political enemies, the force had about 10,000 men and 306 officers with most of the high ranking members being French.
After the World War II, the Syrian Arab Armed Forces fought against the IDF in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Between 1948 and 1967 there were multiple coup d'etats. The first coup was in 1949 led by General Husni al-Za'im, which was successful. With two more coups later that year, in 1954 more coups occurred with a massive officer purge to ensure no more coups. But in 1963 a newer coup happened led by the Ba'ath Party which made Hafez al-Assad the new President of Syria.
The Syrian Arab Armed Forces fought against Syrian Protesters in 2011, causing the Syrian Civil War. With about 40 officers defecting and making the "Free Syrian Army" that later on turned to the Syrian National Army. With the Syrian Arab Armed Forces fighting in major battles such as the Siege Of Homs, Battle of Damascus, Battle of Aleppo and other battles.
The Syrian Arab Armed Forces is a conscripted force, with a conscription age of 18-42. There are exemptions such as Mental Disabilities, Physical Disabilities, Paying a fee, being an only son. With the Punishments for avoiding service are exiled or jailed. It was first Introduced in May 16th, 2007 with about 18 months of service but no confirmed soldiers were let go.
There are 5 branches within the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, based in Damascus with the Forces being made of mainly Sunni Muslims but there are some Alawite, since certain units only accept Alawites, such as the Syrian Republican Guard and 4th Armored Division.

The Syrian Arab Army are the Ground Forces of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, it is the dominate branch within the Syrian Arab Armed Forces. The Syrian Arab Armed Forces consists of about 3 corps, with 14 Divisions, and more than 40 Brigades.

The Syrian Arab Air Force is the Air Branch of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, the Syrian Arab Air Force consists of 2 Divisions. Made up of 7 Fighter-Bomber brigades, 4 Helicopter Brigades and a single Air Transport Brigade.
The Syrian Navy is the Naval Branch of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, with about 4,000 men. With about 43 ships, 21 Helicopters and 12 Coastal Defense Systems.
The Syrian Air Defense Force is the Anti-Air branch of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, made up of about 55,000 men. With about 20 Air Defense Brigades and 3 Air Defense Regiments.
The National Defense Forces is a Pro-Assad militia, with about 50,000-100,000 men. It was formed by the Syrian Government, formed in November 11th, 2012.

Pequot Lakes, Minnesota

Pequot Lakes is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Riverton, Minnesota

Riverton is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Trommald, Minnesota

Trommald is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States.

Dead Season

Dead Season () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Savva Kulish. It stars Donatas Banionis, Rolan Bykov, and Gennadi Yukhtin.


Degree of Risk

Degree of Risk () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Averbakh. It stars Boris Livanov, Innokentiy Smoktunovskiy, and Alla Demidova.


Fire, Water, and Brass Pipes

Fire, Water, and Brass Pipes () is a 1968 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Natalya Sedykh, Aleksei Katyshev, and Georgy Millyar.


The Diamond Arm

The Diamond Arm () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Yuri Nikulin, Nina Grebeshkova, and Andrei Mironov.


Goal! Another Goal!

Goal! Another Goal! () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Sadovsky. It stars Viktor Korshunov, Valentin Smirnitskiy, and Galina Yatskina.


The Golden Calf (1968 movie)

The Golden Calf () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Mikhail Shveytser. It stars Sergei Yursky, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Zinovy Gerdt. The movie is based on the eponymous novel by Ilf and Petrov.


Intervention (1968 movie)

Intervention () is a 1968 Soviet adventure movie directed by Gennadi Poloka. It stars Vladimir Vysotsky, Valeri Zolotukhin, and Olga Aroseva.


Jamilya (1968 movie)

Jamilya () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Irina Poplavskaya. It stars Natalya Arinbasarova, Suymenkul Chokmorov, and Nasreddin Dubashev.


A Literature Lesson

A Literature Lesson () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksey Korenev. It stars Yevgeny Steblov, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Inna Makarova.


A Little Crane

A Little Crane () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Moskalenko. It stars Lyudmila Chursina, Nonna Mordyukova, and Tatyana Pelttser.


The Little Mermaid (1968 movie)

The Little Mermaid () is a 1968 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Aksenchuk.


The Living Corpse (1968 movie)

The Living Corpse () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Vengerov. It stars Aleksey Batalov, Alla Demidova, and Oleg Basilashvili.


Lyubov Serafima Frolova

Lyubov Serafima Frolova () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Tumanov. It stars Leonid Kuravlyov, Tamara Syomina, and Larisa Luzhina.


The Master of Taiga

The Master of Taiga () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Nazarov. It stars Valeriy Zolotukhin, Vladimir Vysotskiy, and Lionella Pyryeva.


Moabite Notebook

Moabite Notebook () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze. It stars Rafkat Bikchentayev, Aivars Bogdanovics, and .


The Mysterious Monk

The Mysterious Monk () is a 1968 Soviet adventure movie directed by Arkady Koltsaty. It stars Vladimir Druzhnikov, Evgeny Zharikov, and Valentin Zubkov.


The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers

The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers () is a 1968 Soviet action movie directed by Edmond Keosayan. It stars Mikhail Metyolkin, Vasily Vasilyev, and Viktor Kosykh.


Once More About Love

Once More About Love () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgy Natanson. It stars Tatyana Doronina, Alexander Lazarev, and Oleg Yefremov.


Passenger from the &quot;Equator&quot;

Passenger from the "Equator" () is a 1968 Soviet adventure movie directed by Aleksandr Kurochkin. It stars Jüri Krjukov, Yuri Puss, and Vyacheslav Tsyupa.


Punisher (1968 movie)

Punisher () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Manos Zacharias. It stars Yevgeny Kindinov, Mariya Vandova, and Viktor Sotsky-Voinicescu.

The Secret Agent's Blunder

The Secret Agent's Blunder () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Venyamin Dorman. It stars Georgiy Zhzhonov, Mikhail Nozhkin, and Oleg Zhakov.


Seven Old Men and a Girl

Seven Old Men and a Girl () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov. It stars Svetlana Savyolova, Valentin Smirnitsky, and Boris Chirkov.


The Shield and the Sword (movie)

The Shield and the Sword () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Basov. It stars Stanislav Lyubshin, Oleg Yankovsky, and Georgy Martyniuk.


The Sixth of July

The Sixth of July () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Karasik. It stars Alla Demidova, Ivan Solovyov, and Armen Dzhigarkhanyan.


The Snow Maiden (1968 movie)

The Snow Maiden () is a 1968 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Pavel Kadochnikov. It stars Yevgenia Filonova, Evgeny Zharikov, and Irina Gubanova.


Solaris (1968 movie)

Solaris () is a 1968 Soviet movie directed by Boris Nirenburg and Lidiya Ishimbayeva. It stars Vasily Lanovoy, Vladimir Etush, and Viktor Zozulin.


Tri dnya Viktora Chernyshova

Tri dnya Viktora Chernyshova () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Mark Osepyan. It stars Gennadi Korolkov, Valentina Vladimirova, and Alexey Chernov.


To Love (1968 movie)

To Love () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalik and Inna Tumanyan. It stars Mihail Badiceanu, , and Alexey Eybozhenko.


Transitional Age

Transitional Age () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Richard Viktorov. It stars Elena Proklova, Sergey Makeyev, and Vitali Segeda.


Trembita (movie)

Trembita () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Oleg Nikolayevsky. It stars Evgeniy Vesnik, Olga Aroseva, and Aleksey Chernov.


Two Comrades Were Serving

Two Comrades Were Serving () is a 1968 Soviet war movie directed by Yevgeny Karelov. It stars Oleg Yankovsky, Rolan Bykov, and Anatoli Papanov.


We'll Live Till Monday

We'll Live Till Monday () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Vyacheslav Tikhonov, Irina Pechernikova, and Nina Menshikova.


Virineya

Virineya () is a 1968 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Fetin. It stars Lyudmila Chursina, Vyacheslav Nevinny, and Anatoliy Papanov.


Zigzag of Success

Zigzag of Success () is a 1968 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Irina Skobtseva, and Valentina Talyzina.


Adam and Eve (1969 movie)

Adam and Eve () is a 1969 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksey Korenev. It stars Frunzik Mkrtchyan, Yekaterina Vasilyeva, and Gogi Gegechkori.

The Adjutant of His Excellency

The Adjutant of His Excellency () is a 1969 Soviet movie directed by Yevgeny Tashkov. It stars Yury Solomin, Vladislav Strzhelchik, and Vladimir Kozel.


The Ambassador of the Soviet Union

The Ambassador of the Soviet Union () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Georgy Natanson. It stars Yuliya Borisova, Anatoly Ktorov, and Gunārs Cilinskis.


Barbara the Fair with the Silken Hair

Barbara the Fair with the Silken Hair () is a 1970 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Alexander Rou. It stars Mikhail Pugovkin, Georgy Millyar, and Anatoly Kubatsky.


The Bremen Town Musicians (movie)

The Bremen Town Musicians () is a 1969 Soviet animated movie directed by Inessa Kovalevskaya.


The Brothers Karamazov (1969 movie)

The Brothers Karamazov () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Kirill Lavrov, Ivan Pyryev and Mikhail Ulyanov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Lionella Pyryeva, and Kirill Lavrov. The movie is based on the 1880 novel by Fyodor Dostoevsky.


By the Lake

By the Lake () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Gerasimov. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Vasily Shukshin, and Natalya Belokhvostikova.


The Color of Pomegranates

The Color of Pomegranates is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Parajanov. It stars Sofiko Chiaureli, Melkon Aleksanyan, and Vilen Galstyan.


Dangerous Tour (movie)

Dangerous Tour () is a 1969 Soviet adventure movie directed by Georgi Yungvald-Khilkevich. It stars Vladimir Vysotsky, Yefim Kopelyan, and Nikolai Grinko.


Director (1969 movie)

Director () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Alexey Saltykov. It stars Nikolay Gubenko, Svetlana Zhgun, and Boris Kudryavtsev.


Family Happiness (movie)

Family Happiness () is a 1969 Soviet comedy movie directed by Andrey Ladynin, Aleksandr Sheyn Sr. and Sergey Solovev. It stars Alisa Freindlikh, Vyacheslav Tikhonov, and Nikolay Burlyaev.


Gena the Crocodile (movie)

Gena the Crocodile () is a 1969 Soviet animated movie directed by Roman Kachanov.


King Stag

King Stag () is a 1969 Soviet movie directed by Pavel Arsenov. It stars Yury Yakovlev, Valentina Malyavina, and Sergey Yursky.


Syria (disambiguation)

Syria is a country in the Middle East. 

Syria may also refer to:



Mama Married

Mama Married () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Vitaly Melnikov. It stars Lyusyena Ovchinnikova, Oleg Yefremov, and Nikolay Burlyaev.


A Nest of Gentry (movie)

A Nest of Gentry () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrey Konchalovsky. It stars Irina Kupchenko, Leonid Kulagin, and Beata Tyszkiewicz.


Not Under the Jurisdiction

Not Under the Jurisdiction () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Krasnopolskiy and Valery Uskov. It stars Oleg Strizhenov, Lyudmila Maksakova, and Leonid Kuravlyov.


On the Way to Berlin

On the Way to Berlin () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Vasiliy Krasnov, Nikolay Trofimov, and Gennadi Karnovich-Valua.


Prince Igor (1969 movie)

Prince Igor () is a 1969 Soviet movie directed by Roman Tikhomirov.

The Red Tent (movie)

The Red Tent () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. It stars Peter Finch, Sean Connery, and Claudia Cardinale.


Strange People (1969 movie)

Strange People () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Shukshin. It stars Vsevolod Sanayev, Panteleymon Krymov, and Sergei Nikonenko.


Subject for a Short Story

Subject for a Short Story () is a 1969 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Yutkevich. It stars Nikolai Grinko, Marina Vlady, and Iya Savvina.


Tomorrow, on April 3rd...

Tomorrow, on April 3rd... () is a 1969 Soviet comedy movie directed by Igor Maslennikov. It stars Eneken Aksel, Lyudmila Volynskaya, and Viktor Ilichyov.


Village Detective

Village Detective () is a 1969 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ivan Lukinsky. It stars Mikhail Zharov, Tatyana Pelttser, and Natalya Sayko.


Winnie-the-Pooh (1969 movie)

Winnie-the-Pooh () is a 1969 Soviet animated movie directed by Fyodor Khitruk.


About Love (1970 movie)

About Love () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Bogin. It stars Victoria Fyodorova, Sergey Dreyden, and Eleonora Shashkova.


Adventures of the Yellow Suitcase

Adventures of the Yellow Suitcase () is a 1970 Soviet children's movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Tatyana Pelttser, Yevgeni Lebedev, and Andrei Gromov.


Afrikanych

Afrikanych () is a 1970 Soviet comedy movie directed by Mikhail Yershov. It stars Oleg Belov, Irina Bunina, and Larisa Burkova.


Attention, Turtle!

Attention, Turtle! () is a 1970 Soviet comedy movie directed by Rolan Bykov. It stars Alexei Yershov, Andrei Samotolkin, and Mikhail Martirosyan.


The Ballad of Bering and His Friends

The Ballad of Bering and His Friends () is a 1970 Soviet adventure movie directed by Yuri Shvyryov. It stars Kārlis Sebris, Igor Ledogorov, and Yuri Nazarov.


The Beginning (1970 movie)

The Beginning () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Gleb Panfilov. It stars Inna Churikova, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Valentina Telichkina.


The Blue Bird (1970 movie)

The Blue Bird () is a 1970 Soviet animated movie directed by Vasily Livanov.

City of First Love

City of First Love () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Yashin and Manos Zacharias. It stars Yelena Alekina, Natalya Egorova, and Boris Galkin.

Crime and Punishment (1970 movie)

Crime and Punishment () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Lev Kulidzhanov. It stars Georgy Taratorkin, Innokenty Smoktunovsky, and Tatyana Bedova.


The Flight (movie)

The Flight () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Alov and Vladimir Naumov. It stars Lyudmila Savelyeva, Aleksey Batalov, and Mikhail Ulyanov.


Green Chains

Green Chains () is a 1970 Soviet adventure movie directed by Grigori Aronov. It stars Aleksandr Grigoryev, Igor Urumbekov, and Vladimir Leletko.


Hail, Mary!

Hail, Mary! () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Ada Rogovtseva, Angel Gutierrez, and Vitali Solomin.


Late Flowers

Late Flowers () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Irina Lavrenteva, Alexander Lazarev, and Olga Zhiznyeva.


Mission in Kabul

Mission in Kabul () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Irina Miroshnichenko, and Gleb Strizhenov.


My good Dad

My good Dad () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Usov. It stars Aliagha Aghayev, Sasha Arutyunov, and Eldar Azimov.


Passing Through Moscow

Passing Through Moscow () is a 1970 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ilya Gurin. It stars Yevgeny Karelskikh, Sergey Shakurov, and Nikolay Merzlikin.


The Polynin Case

The Polynin Case () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksey Sakharov. It stars Anastasiya Vertinskaya, Oleg Efremov, and 
Oleg Tabakov.


Red Square (movie)

Red Square () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasili Ordynsky. It stars Sergey Yakovlev, Aleksandr Kutepov, and Vyacheslav Shalevich.


The Return of Saint Luke

The Return of Saint Luke () is a 1970 Soviet crime movie directed by Anatoliy Bobrovsky. It stars Vsevolod Sanaev, Vladislav Dvorzhetskiy, and Oleg Basilashvili.


The Seagull (1972 movie)

The Seagull () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuli Karasik. It stars Alla Demidova, Vladimir Tchetverikov, and Nikolai Plotnikov.


Secret Agent's Destiny

Secret Agent's Destiny () is a 1970 Soviet adventure movie directed by Venyamin Dorman. It stars Georgy Zhzhyonov, Mikhail Nozhkin, and Andrei Vertogradov.


Shine, Shine, My Star (1970 movie)

Shine, Shine, My Star () is a 1970 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Alexander Mitta. It stars Oleg Tabakov, Elena Proklova, and Yevgeny Leonov.


The Seven Brides of Lance-Corporal Zbruyev

The Seven Brides of Lance-Corporal Zbruyev () is a 1970 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vitaliy Melnikov. It stars Semyon Morozov, Natalya Varley, and Marianna Vertinskaya.


Sport, Sport, Sport

Sport, Sport, Sport () is a 1970 Soviet comedy movie directed by Elem Klimov. It stars Zinoviy Gerdt, Georgiy Svetlani, and Larisa Shepitko.


Tchaikovsky (movie)

Tchaikovsky () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Talankin. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Antonina Shuranova, and Kirill Lavrov.


Liberation (movie series)

Liberation () is a 1970 Soviet war drama movie directed by Yuri Ozerov. It stars Nikolay Olyalin, Larisa Golubkina, and Vsevolod Sanaev.


Lalbabu Raut cabinet

The Raut Cabinet is the Council of Ministers headed by Mohammad Lalbabu Raut in Madhesh Province, Nepal. Raut was sworn in the Chief Ministers of Madhesh Province in February 2018. 

The arrangement of the cabinet is the result of talks between two Former Deputy Prime Ministers, People's Socialist Party, Nepal President Upendra Yadav and Nepali Congress Vice-president Bimalendra Nidhi. They have strong hold in this region from their parties.

This is a list of ministers since 9 June 2021 since when PSP-N and Nepali Congress are two major parties in government.


Municipal election for Mechinagar took place on 13 May 2022, with all 75 positions up for election across 15 wards. The electorate elected a mayor, a deputy mayor, 19 ward chairs and 60 ward members. An indirect election will also be held to elect five female members and an additional three female members from the Dalit and minority community to the municipal executive.

Municipal election for Bhadrapur took place on 13 May 2022, with all 50 positions up for election across 10 wards. The electorate elected a mayor, a deputy mayor, 10 ward chairs and 40 ward members. An indirect election will also be held to elect five female members and an additional three female members from the Dalit and minority community to the municipal executive.

The Secret of the Iron Door

The Secret of the Iron Door () is a 1970 Soviet movie directed by Mikhail Yuzovsky. It stars Evaldas Mikaliunas, Andrei Kharybin, and Dmitri Yuzovsky.


Stopwatch (movie)

Stopwatch () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Rezo Esadze. It stars Nikolay Olyalin, Natalya Antonova, and Viktoriya Beskova.


Two Days of Miracles

Two Days of Miracles () is a 1970 Soviet fantasy comedy movie directed by Lev Mirsky. It stars Leonid Kuravlyov, Borya Mayhrovsky, and Mikhail Kozakov.


Uncle Vanya (1970 movie)

Uncle Vanya () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrey Konchalovskiy. It stars Innokenti Smoktunovsky, Sergei Bondarchuk, and Irina Kupchenko.


Peaches (Justin Bieber song)

"Peaches" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber featuring fellow singer-songwriter Daniel Caesar (also Canadian) and American singer-songwriter Giveon. It was released on March 19, 2021, as the fifth single from Bieber's sixth studio album, "Justice", on the same day. The song debuted at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It became Bieber's seventh US number one, while it became both Caesar and Giveon's first.

Uzbekistan national cricket team

The Uzbekistan national cricket team that represents Uzbekistan in international cricket. They have been a member of International Cricket Council since July 2022.

Honest (Justin Bieber song)

"Honest" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber featuring American rapper and singer Don Toliver. It was released as a single on April 29, 2022. The song debuted at number 44 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Uruguay national rugby union team

The Uruguay national rugby union team (Spanish: " Selección de rugby de Uruguay") is a second tier rugby union from Uruguay. They have featured at five Rugby World Cup since 1999. They are ranked 18th in the World Rugby rankings.

Up at Night (song)

"Up at Night" is a song by American singer Kehlani featuring Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on March 30, 2022, and serves as the third single to Kehlani's third studio album, "Blue Water Road". The song failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It debuted at number 14 on the Bubbling Hot 100.

Attention (Omah Lay and Justin Bieber song)

"Attention" is a song by Nigerian singer and songwriter Omah Lay and Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on March 4, 2022. The song serves as the second single to Lay's first studio album, "Boy Alone". The song failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Instead, it debuted at number 11 on the Bubbling Hot 100.

Wandered to LA

"Wandered to LA" is a song by American rapper and singer Juice Wrld and Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released on December 3, 2021, and serves as the second single to the former's fourth studio album, "Fighting Demons". The song debuted at number 49 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Intentions (Justin Bieber song)

"Intentions" is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber featuring rapper and Migos member Quavo. It was released on February 7, 2020, as the second single from Bieber's fifth studio album "Changes". The song peaked at number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

DWDZ-TV

DWDZ-DTV (channel 47) is an upcoming television station in Metro Manila. It will owned and operated by Interactive Broadcast Media Incorporated. Its studios are located at the Unit 808, Atlanta Center, Annapolis St., Greenhills, San Juan Metro Manila, Philippines and the transmitter is located at Nuestra Señora Dela Paz Subdivision, Sumulong Highway, Barangay Sta. Cruz, Antipolo, Rizal, Philippines.

In 1999, ABC was awarded the channel 47 frequency in Metro Manila, the last remaining UHF frequency in the market, christening it DWDZ-TV. However, has been inactive since 2003.

On 2024, after 19 years of inactivity and silence, UHF 47 Manila will be back on air and acquired by Interactive Broadcast Media Incorporated as Ultimate Newsic TV-47 Manila

DWDZ-TV broadcasts its digital signal on UHF Channel 47 (671.143 MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:

DZCE-TV

DZCE-TV is the flagship non-commercial station of the Philippine television network INC TV (merger of GEM TV and INC Channel on SkyCable).

DZCE broadcasts its digital signal on UHF Channel 49 (683.143 MHz) and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:

In addition, Christian Era Broadcasting Service International operates its channel on DZEC-TV UHF Channel 28 (557.143 MHz)




The White Bird Marked with Black

The White Bird Marked with Black () is a 1970 Soviet drama movie directed by Yuri Ilyenko. It stars Larisa Kadochnikova, Oleg Polstvin, and Mykhailo Illienko.


The Battle of Kerzhenets

The Battle of Kerzhenets () is a 1971 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ivanov-Vano and Yuri Norstein.

Cheburashka (1971 movie)

Cheburashka () is a 1971 Soviet animated movie directed by Roman Kachanov.


The Crown of the Russian Empire, or Once Again the Elusive Avengers

The Crown of the Russian Empire, or Once Again the Elusive Avengers () is a 1971 Soviet action movie directed by Edmond Keosayan. It stars Viktor Kosykh, Valentina Kurdyukova, and Vasiliy Vasilev.


Drama from Ancient Life

Drama from Ancient Life () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Averbakh. It stars Yelena Solovey, Anatoly Yegorov, and Yevgeny Perov.


Find me, Lyonya!

Find me, Lyonya! () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Lebedev. It stars Anna Aleksakhina, Larisa Baranova, and Viktor Chekmaryov.


Gentlemen of Fortune

Gentlemen of Fortune () is a 1971 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksandr Sery. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Georgy Vitsin, and Savely Kramarov.


Grandads-Robbers

Grandads-Robbers () is a 1972 Soviet comedy-drama movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It stars Yuri Nikulin, Yevgeny Yevstigneyev, and Olga Aroseva.


King Lear (1971 USSR movie)

King Lear () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Grigori Kozintsev. It stars Jüri Järvet, Elza Radziņa, and Galina Volchek. The movie is based on William Shakespeare's play "King Lear".


The Long Farewell

The Long Farewell () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Kira Muratova. It stars Zinaida Sharko, Oleg Vladimirsky, and Yuri Kayurov.


Losharik

Losharik () is a 1971 Soviet animated movie directed by Ivan Ufimtsev.

A Man Before His Time

A Man Before His Time () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Abram Room. It stars Igor Kvasha, Anastasiya Vertinskaya, and Aleksandr Kalyagin.


Officers (movie)

Officers () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Rogovoy. It stars Georgi Yumatov, Vasily Lanovoy, and Alina Pokrovskaya.


Oh, That Nastya!

Oh, That Nastya! () is a 1971 Soviet family movie directed by Yuri Pobedonostsev. It stars Irina Volkova, Tatyana Nevskaya, and Sergei Kuskov.


Property of the Republic

Property of the Republic () is a 1971 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Bychkov. It stars Oleg Tabakov, Andrei Mironov, and Vitya Galkin.


Shadow (1971 movie)

Shadow () is a 1971 Soviet comedy movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Oleg Dal, Konstantin Adashevsky, and Vladimir Etush.


A Soldier Came Back from the Front

A Soldier Came Back from the Front () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolay Gubenko. It stars Mikhail Gluzskiy, Irina Miroshnichenko, and Nikolay Gubenko.


Telegram (movie)

Telegram () is a 1971 Soviet adventure movie directed by Rolan Bykov. It stars Nina Arkhipova, Elya Baskin, and Yuri Nikulin.


Treasure Island (1971 movie)

Treasure Island () is a 1971 Soviet adventure movie directed by Yevgeni Fridman.


The Twelve Chairs (1971 movie)

The Twelve Chairs () is a 1971 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Archil Gomiashvili, Sergey Filippov, and Mikhail Pugovkin.


Trial on the Road

Trial on the Road () is a 1971 Soviet war drama movie directed by Aleksey German. It stars Rolan Bykov, Anatoly Solonitsyn, and Vladimir Zamansky.


Winnie-the-Pooh Pays a Visit

Winnie-the-Pooh Pays a Visit () is a 1971 Soviet animated movie directed by Fyodor Khitruk.


Yegor Bulychyov and Others

Yegor Bulychyov and Others () is a 1971 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Solovyov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Maya Bulgakova, and Yekaterina Vasilyeva.


You and Me (1971 movie)

You and Me () is a 1971 Soviet movie directed by Larisa Shepitko.


Ilf and Petrov Rode a Tram

Ilf and Petrov Rode a Tram () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Titov. It stars Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Vladimir Basov, and Svetlana Starikova.


Big School-Break

Big School-Break () is a 1972 Soviet movie directed by Aleksei Korenev. It stars Mikhail Kononov, Yevgeny Leonov, and Rolan Bykov.


Chipollino (movie)

Chipollino () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Tamara Lisitsian. It stars Gianni Rodari, Aleksandr Yelistratov, and Vladimir Basov.


Commander of the Lucky 'Pike'

Commander of the Lucky 'Pike' () is a 1972 Soviet war movie directed by Boris Volchek. It stars Pyotr Velyaminov, Donatas Banionis, and Elena Dobronravova.


Crank from 5th B

Crank from 5th B () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Ilya Frez. It stars Andrei Voynovsky, Roza Agisheva, and Tatyana Pelttser.


The Dawns Here Are Quiet

The Dawns Here Are Quiet () is a 1972 Soviet war drama movie directed by Stanislav Rostotsky. It stars Andrey Martynov, Yelena Drapeko, and Yekaterina Markova.


Farewell to St. Petersburg (movie)

Farewell to St. Petersburg () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Yan Frid. It stars Girt Yakovlev, Tatyana Bedova, and Tatyana Piletskaya.


The Fourth (1972 movie)

The Fourth () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksandr Stolper. It stars Vladimir Vysotsky, Margarita Terekhova, and Sergey Shakurov.

The Golden Horns

The Golden Horns () is a 1973 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Aleksandr Rou. It stars Raisa Ryazanova, Volodya Belov, and Ira Tchigrinova.


Grandmaster (1972 movie)

Grandmaster () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Mikaelyan. It stars Andrey Myagkov, Viktor Korchnoi, and Larisa Malevannaya.


Happy Go Lucky (1972 movie)

Happy Go Lucky () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vasily Shukshin. It stars Vasily Shukshin, Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina, and Vsevolod Sanayev.


Finite impulse response

Finite impulse response is a method to obtain the response or the output of signal whose response comes in finite time.

The Headless Horseman (1972 movie)

The Headless Horseman () is a 1972 Soviet adventure movie directed by Vladimir Vaynshtok. It stars Oleg Vidov, Ludmila Savelyeva, and Eslinda Núñez.


Hello and Goodbye (1972 movie)

Hello and Goodbye () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vitaliy Melnikov. It stars Lyudmila Zaytseva, Oleg Efremov, and Mikhail Kononov.


Hot Snow (movie)

Hot Snow () is a 1972 Soviet war movie directed by Gabriel Yegiazarov. It stars Yuri Nazarov, Boris Tokarev, and Anatoly Kuznetsov.


The Last Day (1972 movie)

The Last Day () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Ulyanov. It stars Mikhail Ulyanov, Vyacheslav Nevinny, and Igor Kashintsev.


The Love of Mankind

The Love of Mankind () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. It stars Anatoliy Solonitsyn, Lyubov Virolaynen, and Tamara Makarova.


A Man at His Place

A Man at His Place () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksey Sakharov. It stars Vladimir Menshov, Anastasiya Vertinskaya, and Armen Dzhigarkhanyan.


Monologue (movie)

Monologue () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Averbakh. It stars Mikhail Gluzsky, Margarita Terekhova, and Marina Neyolova.


Point, Point, Comma...

Point, Point, Comma... () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Alexander Mitta. It stars Sergei Danchenko, Mikhail Kozlovsky, and Olga Ryzhnikova.


Privalov's Millions

Privalov's Millions () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Yaropolk Lapshin. It stars Leonid Kulagin, Lyudmila Chursina, and Vladislav Strzhelchik.


Racers (movie)

Racers () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Maslennikov. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Oleg Yankovsky, and Georgiy Burkov.

Ruslan and Ludmila (movie)

Ruslan and Ludmila () is a 1972 Soviet fantasy-adventure movie directed by Aleksandr Ptushko. It stars Valeri Kozinets, Natalya Petrova, and Vladimir Fyodorov.


Russian Field

Russian Field () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Moskalenko. It stars Nonna Mordyukova, Vladimir Tikhonov, and Leonid Markov.


The Stationmaster (1972 movie)

The Stationmaster () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergei Solovyov. It stars Nikolai Pastukhov, Marianna Kushnerova, and Nikita Mikhalkov. The movie is based on the 1831 short story of the same name by Alexander Pushkin.


Solaris (1972 movie)

Solaris () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky. It stars Donatas Banionis, Raimundas Banionis, and Natalya Bondarchuk.


Taming of the Fire

Taming of the Fire () is a 1972 Soviet drama movie directed by Daniil Khrabrovitsky. It stars Kirill Lavrov, Ada Rogovtseva, and Igor Gorbachev.


A Teacher of Singing

A Teacher of Singing () is a 1972 Soviet comedy movie directed by Naum Birman. It stars Andrei Popov, Irina Alfyorova, and Igor Bogdanov.


Train Stop – Two Minutes

Train Stop – Two Minutes () is a 1972 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Mark Zakharov and Aleksandr Orlov. It stars Yuri Belov, Oleg Vidov, and Valentina Telichkina.


Winnie-the-Pooh and a Busy Day

Winnie-the-Pooh and a Busy Day () is a 1972 Soviet animated movie directed by Fyodor Khitruk and Gennady Sokolsky.


The Bad Good Man

The Bad Good Man () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Iosif Kheifits. It stars Oleg Dahl, Vladimir Vysotsky, and Lyudmila Maksakova.


Legler's stream frog

Legler's stream frog ("Ptychohyla legleri") is a frog. It lives in Costa Rica and Panama. It lives on the Pacific side (west side) of the Sierra de Talamanca mountains. People have seen this frog between 880 and 1600 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in cloud forests.

Olivia Baril

Olivia Baril (born 10 October 1997) is a Canadian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the UCI Women's Continental Team Valcar–Travel & Service.

Baril had her first professional victory in 2022 winning the Spanish race Gran Premio Ciudad Eibar, winning the sprint of Ane Santesteban. Baril competed at the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Failure of Engineer Garin

Failure of Engineer Garin () is a 1973 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze. It stars Oleg Borisov, Aleksandr Belyavskiy, and Vasili Korzun.


Hopelessly Lost

Hopelessly Lost () is a 1973 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya. It stars Roman Madyanov, Vladimir Basov, and Feliks Imokuede. The movie is based on Mark Twain's 1884 novel Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.


Incorrigible Liar

Incorrigible Liar () is a 1973 Soviet comedy movie directed by Villen Azarov. It stars Georgy Vitsin, Inna Makarova, and Nikolai Prokopovich.


Ivan Vasilievich: Back to the Future

Ivan Vasilievich: Back to the Future () is a 1973 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai. It stars Yury Yakovlev, Leonid Kuravlyov, and Aleksandr Demyanenko.


Looking for a Man

Looking for a Man () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Mikhail Bogin. It stars Oleg Zhakov, Rimma Manukovskaya, and Eleonora Aleksandrova.


Matters of the Heart (1973 movie)

Matters of the Heart () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Azhdar Ibragimov. It stars Antonina Shuranova, Ekaterina Markova, and Anatoliy Papanov.


Much Ado About Nothing (1973 movie)

Much Ado About Nothing () is a 1973 Soviet comedy movie directed by Samson Samsonov. It stars Galina Jovovich, Konstantin Raikin, and Tatyana Vedeneyeva. The movie is based on William Shakespeare's play of the same name.


This Merry Planet

This Merry Planet () is a 1973 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Yuri Saakov and Yuri Tsvetkov. It stars , Leonid Kuravlyov, and Yekaterina Vasilyeva.


No Return (1973 movie)

No Return () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Aleksei Saltykov. It stars Nonna Mordyukova, Vladislav Dvorzhetsky, and Olga Prokhorova.


The Nutcracker (1973 movie)

The Nutcracker () is a 1973 Soviet animated movie directed by Boris Stepantsev.

Gaia Masetti

Gaia Masetti (born 26 October 2001) is an Italian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the UCI Women's Continental Team AG Insurance–NXTG.

Masetti finished on the podium at the 2022 Dwars door de Westhoek. She rode in the 2022 Tour de France Femmes.

Karakul (Tajikistan)

The Karakul crater is in Tajikistan. It left a diameter lake in a big impact crater. The lake is higher than Lake Titicaca. 

The impact was about 25 million years ago, leaving a crater with a rim diameter of 45 kilometers (28 miles).

Old Walls

Old Walls () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Tregubovich. It stars Lyudmila Gurchenko, Armen Dzhigarkhanyan, and Yevgeniya Sabelnikova.


Sea Cadet of Northern Fleet

Sea Cadet of Northern Fleet () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Rogovoy. It stars Algis Arlauskas, Marat Serazhetdinov, and Igor Sklyar.

Seventeen Moments of Spring

Seventeen Moments of Spring () is a 1973 Soviet movie directed by Tatyana Lioznova. It stars Vyacheslav Tikhonov, Yevgeniy Yevstigneyev, and Lev Durov.


Talents and Admirers (movie)

Talents and Admirers () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Isidor Annensky. It stars Svetlana Pelikhovskaya, Olga Khorkova, and Leonid Gubanov.


The Silence of Dr. Evans

The Silence of Dr. Evans () is a 1973 Soviet movie directed by Budimir Metalnikov.


Stepmom (1973 movie)

Stepmom () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Oleg Bondaryov. It stars Tatiana Doronina, Leonid Nevedomsky, and Lena Kostereva.


Only &quot;Old Men&quot; Are Going Into Battle

Only "Old Men" Are Going Into Battle () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Leonid Bykov. It stars Leonid Bykov, Sergey Podgorny, and Sergei Ivanov.


On the Trail of the Bremen Town Musicians

On the Trail of the Bremen Town Musicians () is a 1973 Soviet animated movie directed by Vasily Livanov.


The Twelve Months (1972 movie)

The Twelve Months () is a 1973 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Anatoliy Granik. It stars Natalya Popova, Marina Maltseva, and Olga Wiklandt. The movie is based on the play by Samuil Marshak with the same name.


Vanyushin's Children

Vanyushin's Children () is a 1973 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeny Tashkov. It stars Boris Andreyev, Nina Zorskaya, and Aleksandr Kaydanovsky.


With You and Without You

With You and Without You () is a 1973 Soviet comedy movie directed by Rodion Nakhapetov. It stars Marina Neyolova, Juozas Budraitis, and Stanislav Borodokin.


Adventures in a City that does not Exist

Adventures in a City that does not Exist () is a 1974 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Leonid Nechayev. It stars Evgeny Goryachev, Igor Anisimov, and Vyacheslav Baranov.


Autumn (1974 movie)

Autumn () is a 1974 Soviet movie directed by Andrei Smirnov. It stars Natalya Rudnaya, Leonid Kulagin, and Natalya Gundareva.

Birds over the City

Birds over the City () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Nikonenko. It stars Mikhail Gluzsky, Andrey Gluzsky, and Igor Merkulov.


Car, Violin and Blot the Dog

Car, Violin and Blot the Dog () is a 1974 Soviet family movie directed by Rolan Bykov. It stars Oleg Anofriev, Rolan Bykov, and Georgiy Vitsin.


Daughters-Mothers

Daughters-Mothers () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Gerasimov. It stars Innokentiy Smoktunovsky, Tamara Makarova, and Sergey Gerasimov.


Day of Admittance on Personal Matters

Day of Admittance on Personal Matters () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Solomon Shuster. It stars Anatoly Papanov, Oleg Zhakov, and Zinaida Sharko.

Alison Avoine

Alison Avoine (born 5 January 2000) is a French professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for the UCI Women's Continental Team St. Michel–Auber93.

She rode in the 2022 Tour de France Femmes. 

Wigwam

A wigwam, wickiup, wetu (Wampanoag), or wiigiwaam (Ojibwe) was a type of home for Native Americans. The homes were often shaped like domes and were round. It is different than a longhouse or tipi. Wigwams were common in the Northeastern Woodlands. They were also in the Southeastern Woodlands and the Western United States. Wood was used for the frames. Materials to make roofs included bark, hides, grass, brush, rushes, mats, reeds, or cloth. The homes were good against many types of weather conditions. Wigwams were built by bending young trees and placing them along a circle. Different native groups had different names for the wigwam. "Wigwam" was used in the Northeastern Woodlands. The term "wickiup" was used in the Southeast and Western regions. 

Longhouse

A longhouse or long house is a type of building in several cultures. It is usually for many people living together. Many buildings were made out of wood. Some used wood and stone. They were for long-term usage and not for people who moved around a lot. The longhouse was in Asia, Europe and North America. Native Americans built longhouses.

In Europe, they were in countries or regions like England, Germany and Scandinavia in the Middle Ages. The Dartmoor longhouse is an example from England. Old Frisian longhouse was form the Netherlands. Longhouses were common in northern regions of Germany. Vikings lived in longhouses. Longhouses were important during the Neolithic period and Bronze Age in Central Europe.

The Iroquois tribes are known for living in large longhouses. Another name for Iroquois, Haudenosaunee means "People of the Longhouses". They lived in the Northeastern Woodlands. Bark was woven around poles. Wood was bent to make round-shaped roofs. There was usually a fireplace in the center and holes to let smoke out. Doors were covered with animal skin to keep people warm. Up to 20 families lived in these longhouses. 

The Iroquois Confederacy (Haudenosaunee) was made of the Seneca, Cayuga, Onondaga, Oneida and Mohawk tribes. Lenni Lenape and Powhatan tribes also built and lived in longhouses. Indigenous People of the Pacific Northwest of North America also built some form of longhouses. They used logs to built the longhouses. They often used cedar. There were booths with multiple fires. There was a hallway along the middle of the longhouse. The front of the longhouse had decoration with faces and animals. There was also a usually a Totem poll. 

Tribes in the Pacific Northwest included Haida, Tsimshian, Tlingit, Makah, Clatsop, Coast Salish and Multnomah.

There were also longhouses in South America in Colombia and parts of Brazil. 

There were longhouses in Korea during the Mumun pottery period from 1100-850 BC. Longhouses were also built in Borneo, Indonesia. Siberut, part of the Mentawai Islands, Vietnam and Nepal.

Djado

Djado is a ghost town in Bilma in Niger. The settlement lies on the Djado Plateau. The settlement likely wasn't called Djado. The site is in a location that is quite remote, and no excavation has been done, so the real name of the settlement is unknown.

The former Djado is located in an oasis, in the northeastern part of Ténéré desert. Ténéré desert is considered part of the Sahara. It is located on the southeastern end of the Djado plateau. There's also a modern-day commune called Djado (with no inhabitants). The modern-day commune also comprises the Menfueni plateau and the Thchigai plateau. Modern-day Djado is the northernmost and easternost commune in Niger. To the north, it borders Algeria and Libya, to the east, it lies on the border to Tchad. Neighboing communes in Niger are Dirkou to the south, Fachi to the southeast, and Iférouane to the west.

There are three villages in the commune: Chirfa, Séguédine and Yaba. In addition, there are the nomad camps of Djado and Tchounouk, as well as military camps. The main settlement is the village Chirfa.

The ruins of Djado are on top of rocky cliffs. At the bottom of these cliffs are subterranean ponds, which also serve as an ideal breedng ground for mosquitoes. Dpeending on the season, some of these ponds almost dry up completely. From the cliffs, the Kaouar valley can be reached. There's a desert made of pebbles, to the west, beyond lie the Aïr mountains.

According to the tradition of the local Kanuri , the Sao founded Djado. They also founded other places, such as Tedjerhe in southern Fessan. Tedjerje is the oldest known setltement in of the Kaouar. It was the most important city culture of the Kotoko south of Lake Tchad. The ruins lookslike those of a city. Their modern-day name links them to Djado in Nafusa Mountains, southwest of Tripolis.

These two characteristics seem to point to a people that was sessile, but the current population of the region is mostly nomadic. The people who inhabited Djado had these points in common with Berber people.

Djado was part of the kingom of Sayfema of Kanem-Bornu at least since the reign of Dunama Dibalemi (1203–1243). Fr part of the time, they were independent, but they re-joined the empire of Idris Alauma (1564–1596). Idris Alauma moved through the desert, from Fachi to Bilma , south of Djado.

As the power of the Bomu empire decreased, the people of the oasis were exposed to several raids of the Touareg, in the 18th and 19th century. They started to leave the place, and settled in Kaouar. Another reason might be that cattle herding in the region also introduced mosquitoes that spread malaria. In 1860, about 1000 Kanuri are said to have been left. In the middle of the 20th century, only a few Kanuri and Toubou were left. They mostly lived form gerowing dates, and harvesting salt.

The military outpost Madama was created in 1930, when Niger was a French colony. In 1988. Rallye Sakar passed through Djado.

In 2014, gold was discovered, which attracted up to 20.000 people from Niger, Chad, Libya and Sudan. Because there were many heavily-armed foreigers, and working conditions were very bad, Moussa Hassane Barazé, the responsible minister for mining operations, ordered the mines to be closed in 2017.

At the count of 2012, 876 people lived in the commune, in 168 households. In 2001, the count had been 936 people in 202 households.In the main village, there were 2088 people in 63 households, at the 2012 count; In 2001, 208 people in 45 households, and in 1998, 260 people in 74 households.

When it comes to harvesting, there are Tubu the area near the ghost town. In the eastern part of the commune, the language Tedaga , as well as Lybian Arabic are spoken. On the Algerian border, Tahaggart, a Tuareg language, is common.


Brenda Beers

Brenda Beers (born 1996) is a Dutch softball player. She is member of Olympia Haarlem and the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Damishah Charles

Damishah Charles (born 15 October 1997) is a Sint Maarten-born Dutch softball player.

She started playing softball in Enschede from a young age. In 2021 played with the softball club of Morgan State University in the United States where she studied. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she finished fourth at the World Championships. She became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

In 2021 Charles was officialy decorated by Edison Rijna of Bonaire.

Stealthing

When a man removes a condom during sexual intercourse in order to get her pregnant, or when a woman removes a man's condom in order to frame him as a rapist. but his partner has not agreed, this is called stealthing, or non-consensual condom removal. His partner has only agreed to sex with a condom. The risks are the same as having sex without a condom, there may be unwanted pregnancies, as well as the problem of sexually transmitted infections. In many countries, this behaviour is viewed as sexual assault or rape, and punished accordingly. As of 2020, stealthing is punishable as a form of sexual violence in some countries, such as Germany and the United Kingdom.

Damaging a condom on purpose, before or during its use is sometiemes also called stealthing; this is independent on who damaged the condom. 

Removing or damaging a condom during sex increases the risks of unintended pregnancy and the transmission of sexually transmitted infections (STIs). Victims may feel betrayal and many victims see it as a "grave violation of dignity and autonomy". Many may also experience emotional and psychological distress, especially those who have experienced sexual violence in the past.

Lizzie Clarijs

Lizzie Clarijs (born 1996) is a Dutch softball player. After playing with Terrasvogels she moved to Tex Town Tigers in 2021, playing in the Golden League, the highest division in the Netherlands. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Charlotte Drijvers

Charlotte Drijvers (born 1999) is a Dutch softball player from Zaltbommel. She plays as a catcher. In the Dutch higest league she plays with Roef! and she plays in the summer period in the United States. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Her sister Sietske Drijvers is also a softball player.

2022 Kenyan general election

General elections were held in Kenya on 9 August 2022. Voters elected the President, members of the National Assembly and Senate, county governors of Kenya and members of the 47 county assemblies of Kenya. William Ruto was elected President of Kenya, defeating Raila Odinga.

Lisa Hop

Lisa Hop (born 19 October 1998) is a Dutch softball pitcher. Hop plays with Olympia Haarlem in the highest Dutch league. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. At the World Championships in Japan she was a member of the team, but didn't play. She made her international debut on 18 September 2018. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Annemiek Jansen

Annemiek Jansen (born 26 September 1996) is a Dutch softball player. In 2018 she went with the under-22 national team to the European Championships. She plays with the Tex Town Tigers in the highest Dutch national league. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Lindsey Meadows

Lindsey Meadows (born 15 December 1982) is an American born Dutch softball player. She plays in the Dutch league with Tex Town Tigers. After playing her 400th match in the Dutch league she was decorated with the softball federation insignia. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team since June 2010. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

Meadows studied at the Louisiana Tech University, holding a Bachelors Degree in sociology.

Rochefourchat

Rochefourchat () is a commune in the Drôme department, in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, southeastern France. Today, the commune consists of only one inhabited house. There also is a church, Saint Pierre's Church, a converted barn, and the ruins of a castle. The nearest communes are Saint-Nazaire-le-Désert, Les Tonils, Pradelle, and Brette.s}. Saint-Nazaire-le-Desert is about away.

Die is about away, Montélimar about .

The closest primary school is in Saint-Nazaire-le-Désert.

In 1178, the castle of Rocha Forcha was built by the bishops of the arrondissement of Die as a stronghold against the Holy Roman Emperors. It belonged to French lords until the year 1766. The last one, Lord Rey de Noinville, died that year. In 1796, a French trader, Pierre Jossaud bought the land surrounding the castle and renamed it Rochefourchat. The commune has been passed down through Jossaud's family.

There is only one permanent inhabitant. There are six communes in France where no one lives; these were destroyed or abandoned during the First World War. They were left, so that people would remember the events.


When the Heartache Is Over

"When the Heartache Is Over" is a song by American artist Tina Turner and is the leading song from her tenth and final album "Twenty Four Seven". It was a moderate hit and peaking at number 10 in the United Kingdom. It was a big hit in Finland where it went to number 1.

Marjolein Merkx

Marjolein Merkx (born 13 September 1992) is a Dutch softball player from Rosmalen. She became with her club Roef! Dutch national champion in 2019. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. She competed at the 2018 World Championships. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship.

After a study Business Administration she studied Marketing Management at the Erasmus University in Rotterdam.

Dinet Oosting

Dinet Oosting (born 15 May 1991) is a Dutch softball player from Veendam. In 2021 she played her 400th match in the Dutch national league. She is the nineteenth ever Dutch women who have reached this. She was decorated for this by the national federation. She is member of the Netherlands women's national softball team. With the national team she became European champion at the 2022 Women's Softball European Championship where she was one of the important players in the final.

Dinet now studies criminology at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. Her successes here are unknown.

Abenaki

Abenaki (also spelled as Abnaki or Wabanaki) are Native American people group from the Northeast Woodlands. The group is part of the Algonquian language group. The group was also a member of the Wabanaki Confederacy. The people are broken into two language groups. They are the Eastern and Western Abenaki Language group. The eastern language was in New Brunswick and Maine. The western language was in Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts and southern Quebec. The name Abenaki means "People of the Dawn Land" in the Abenaki language. Today the US government recognizes several tribes connected to the Abenaki.

Large confederacies like the Iroquois wanted to take over Abenaki land. Agriculture helped the Abenaki to become more powerful and resist such attacks.

The Abenaki had contact with French and English colonists in the 17th century. They got involved in the fur trade and often allied with the French. Soon they had to move out of their lands to Quebec. This was because there was tension with Colonists. There was also disease that made the Abenaki population smaller. The Abenaki lost several wars and had to move to Quebec in Canada.

The Abenaki were made of small groups of people. Small family groups were led by a chief. The chief helped the group make decisions that the majority could accept. There was also a chief for war. The groups also tried to develop relations with other groups and tribes. Groups usually met in the spring and summer. In the society, descendants were based on the father's side (partrilineal).

Telling stories was part of the culture. People told stories from one generation to the next. Storytelling was also a way to teach children how to act.

The people had different types of foods and goods. Tribe members went fishing and hunting. They also grew special plants and collected wild plants for food. The Three Sisters squash, corn and beans were also eaten. They often used plants for medical problems.

Most Abenaki lived in wigwams. These were dome-shaped homes. They also used canoes for travel.

The Abenaki had a particular mythology. They beloved in several gods. Gici Niwaskw was the highest god. This god created the world and brought sound and color. The god also had the title of Niwaskowôgan. This means the Great Spirit. According to the myth, there were three ages after creation. The ages are different based on how humans and animals relate to each other.

Mount Royal

Mount Royal (, ) is a small volcano in the city of Montreal. The name of the city may come from the name of this hill.

This volcano is part of the Monteregian Hills, between the Lauretians and Appalachian Mountains, The hill has three peaks: Colline de la Croix, Colline d'Outremont and Westmount Summit, Colline de la Croix is an active caldera.


The Wreckers

The Wreckers is an American country music duo formed in 2005.


Goaway and Twobriefcases

Goaway and Twobriefcases () is a 1974 Soviet movie directed by Eduard Gavrilov. It stars Andrei Kondratyev, Ekaterina Kuznetsova, and Leonid Kuravlyov.


A Great Space Voyage

A Great Space Voyage () is a 1975 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Valentin Selivanov. It stars Ludmila Berlinskaya, Sergei Obrazov, and Igor Sakharov.


At Home Among Strangers

At Home Among Strangers () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikita Mikhalkov. It stars Yuri Bogatyryov, Anatoly Solonitsyn, and Alexander Kaidanovsky.


Earthly Love

Earthy Love () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Yevgeny Matveyev. It stars Yevgeny Matveyev, Zinaida Kiriyenko, and Yury Yakovlev.


It Is Not Evening Yet

It Is Not Evening Yet () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Nikolai Rozantsev. It stars Inna Makarova, Kirill Lavrov, and Rita Gladunko.


Ivan and Marya

Ivan and Marya () is a 1974 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Boris Rytsarev. It stars Ivan Bortnik, Tatyana Livanova, and Ivan Ryzhov.


Ksenia, Fedor's Beloved Wife

Ksenia, Fedor's Beloved Wife () is a 1974 Soviet comedy movie directed by Vitaliy Melnikov. It stars Alla Meshcheryakova, Stanislav Lyubshin, and Lev Durov.


Long-Haired Wonder

Long-Haired Wonder () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Viktor Titov. It stars Irina Mazurkevich, Anna Zharova, and Igor Yasulovich.


A Lover's Romance

A Lover's Romance () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Konchalovsky. It stars Yevgeny Kindinov, Yelena Koreneva, and Irina Kupchenko.


Moscow-Cassiopeia

Moscow-Cassiopeia () is a 1974 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Richard Viktorov.


Moscow, My Love

Moscow, My Love () is a 1974 Soviet-Japanese movie directed by Aleksandr Mitta and Kenji Yoshida. It stars Komaki Kurihara, Oleg Vidov, and Valentin Gaft.


One Hundred Days After Childhood

One Hundred Days After Childhood () is a 1974 Soviet movie directed by Sergei Solovyov. It stars Boris Tokarev, Tatyana Drubich, and Irina Malysheva.


The Red Snowball Tree

The Red Snowball Tree () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Vasily Shukshin. It stars Vasili Shukshin, Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina, and Ivan Ryzhov.


The Land of Sannikov

The Land of Sannikov () is a 1974 Soviet adventure movie directed by Albert Mkrtchyan and Leonid Popov. It stars Vladislav Dvorzhetsky, Oleg Dahl, and Yuriy Nazarov.


Shapoklyak (movie)

Shapoklyak () is a 1974 Soviet animated movie directed by Roman Kachanov.


Tsarevich Prosha

Tsarevich Prosha () is a 1974 Soviet family movie directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova. It stars Sergey Martynov, Valeriy Zolotukhin, and Tatyana Shestakova.


Unbelievable Adventures of Italians in Russia

Unbelievable Adventures of Italians in Russia () is a 1974 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov and Franco Prosperi. It stars Andrei Mironov, Ninetto Davoli, and Antonia Santilli.


Woodpeckers Don't Get Headaches

Woodpeckers Don't Get Headaches () is a 1974 Soviet drama movie directed by Dinara Asanova and stars Sasha Zhezlyaev, Elena Tsyplakova, and Aleksandr Bogdanov.


Afonya

Afonya () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Georgiy Daneliya and stars Leonid Kuravlev, Yevgeniya Simonova, and Yevgeny Leonov.


Anna Karenina (1975 movie)

Anna Karenina () is a 1975 Soviet movie directed by Margarita Pilikhina and stars Maya Plisetskaya, Alexander Godunov, and Nina Sorokina.

At the World's Limit

At the World's Limit () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Rodion Nahapetov and stars Vera Glagoleva, Vadim Mikheyenko, and Boris Andreyev.

Bonus (movie)

Bonus () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Sergey Mikaelyan and stars Yevgeny Leonov, Vladimir Samoilov, and Oleg Yankovsky.


Captain Nemo (miniseries)

Captain Nemo () is a 1975 Soviet three-part television miniseries directed by Vasily Levin and stars Vladislav Dvorzhetsky, Yuri Rodionov, and Mikhail Kononov.


The Captivating Star of Happiness

The Captivating Star of Happiness () is a 1975 Soviet movie directed by Vladimir Motyl.


The Arrows of Robin Hood

The Arrows of Robin Hood () is a 1975 Soviet adventure movie directed by Sergei Tarasov and stars Boris Khmelnitsky, Regīna Razuma, and Vija Artmane.


Dersu Uzala (1975 movie)

Dersu Uzala () is a 1975 Soviet-Japanese drama movie directed by Akira Kurosawa and stars Yury Solomin, Maxim Munzuk, and Vladimir Kremena. It won an Academy Award in 1976.


Diary of a School Director

Diary of a School Director () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Frumin and stars Oleg Borisov, Iya Savvina, and Alla Pokrovskaya.


Eleven Hopes

Eleven Hopes () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Sadovsky and stars Anatoly Papanov, Lyubov Virolaynen, and Yuriy Demich.


The Flight of Mr. McKinley

The Flight of Mr. McKinley () is a 1975 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Mikhail Schweitzer and stars Donatas Banionis, Zhanna Bolotova, and Angelina Stepanova.


Red Skies

"Red Skies" is a 1982 song by English new wave band the Fixx and is the third single from their debut studio album "Shuttered Room". It was re-recorded for their live album "React" in 1987.

From Dawn Till Sunset

From Dawn Till Sunset () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Gavriil Egiazarov and stars Nikolai Pastukhov, Igor Ledogorov, and Lyubov Sokolova.


Front Without Flanks

Front Without Flanks () is a 1975 Soviet war drama movie directed by Igor Gostev and stars Vyacheslav Tikhonov, Oleg Zhakov, and Aleksandr Denisov.


For the Rest of His Life

For the Rest of His Life () is a 1975 Soviet TV mini-series directed by Pyotr Fomenko and stars Alexey Eybozhenko, Ernst Romanov, and Lyudmila Arinina.


Hedgehog in the Fog

Hedgehog in the Fog () is a 1975 Soviet animated movie directed by Yuri Norstein.

Hello, I'm Your Aunt!

Hello, I'm Your Aunt! () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Viktor Titov and stars Alexander Kalyagin, Tamara Nosova, and Tatyana Vedeneyeva.


The Irony of Fate

The Irony of Fate () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Eldar Ryazanov and stars Andrey Myagkov, Barbara Brylska, and Yury Yakovlev.


Children of the World

Children of the World is a studio album by the English band, The Bee Gees. It was released on 13 September 1976. It peaked at number 8 in the United States.

All tracks written by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb, except where noted.

Don Gehrmann

Donald Arthur Gehrmann (November 16, 1927 – July 23, 2022) was an American middle-distance runner. He competed in the 1500 m final at the 1948 Summer Olympics and came in eighth place. Gehrmann was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Gehrmann died on July 23, 2022 at the age of 94.

Jean Bobet

Jean Bobet (22 February 1930 – 29 July 2022) was a French road bicycle racer. He was the younger brother of Louison Bobet. He won the world students' championship as an amateur. He later won as a professional, Paris–Nice in 1955, Genoa–Nice in 1956 and the Circuit du Morbihan in 1953. He came third in Milan–San Remo in 1953. Bobet was born in Saint-Méen-le-Grand, France.

Bobet died on 29 July 2022, aged 92.

Saint-Méen-le-Grand

Saint-Méen-le-Grand (; ; Gallo: "Saent-Men") is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.

It Can't Be!

It Can't Be! () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai and stars Mikhail Pugovkin, Nina Grebeshkova, and Vyacheslav Nevinny.


I Want the Floor

I Want the Floor () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Gleb Panfilov and stars Inna Churikova, Nikolai Gubenko, and Ekaterina Volkova.


The Last Victim (1975 movie)

The Last Victim () is a 1975 Soviet movie directed by Pyotr Todorovsky and stars Margarita Volodina, Oleg Strizhenov, and Mikhail Gluzsky.


The Lost Expedition

The Lost Expedition () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Venyamin Dorman and stars Viktor Sergachyov, Yevgeniya Simonova, and Nikolay Gorlov.


Mirror (1975 movie)

Mirror () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Andrei Tarkovsky and stars Filipp Yankovsky, Ignat Daniltsev, and Innokenty Smoktunovsky.


New Year Adventures of Masha and Vitya

New Year Adventures of Masha and Vitya () is a 1975 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Igor Usov and Gennadi Kazansky and stars Natasha Simonova, Yura Nakhratov, and Igor Efimov.


Chile national rugby union team

The Chilean national rugby union team (Spanish: "Selección de rugby de Chile") is a third tier rugby union from Chile. They have qualified for the 2023 Rugby World Cup for the first time. They are ranked 22nd position the highest in their history in the Rugby World Rankings as of July 2022.

Gypsies Are Found Near Heaven

Gypsies Are Found Near Heaven () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Emil Loteanu and stars Svetlana Toma, Grigore Grigoriu, and Barasbi Mulayev.


Yitzchok Tuvia Weiss

Rabbi Yitzchok Tuvia Weiss (26 August 1926 – 29 July 2022) was the Chief Rabbi, or "Gaavad" ("Gaon Av Beis Din"), of Jerusalem for the Edah HaChareidis from 2004 until his death. Rabbi Weiss was a British national.

Weiss died on 29 July 2022 in Israel at the age of 95.

Vadim Bakatin

Vadim Viktorovich Bakatin (; 6 November 1937 – 31 July 2022) was a Russian politician. He was the last chairman of the KGB in 1991. due to political reasons. He was the Minister of Interior of the Soviet Union before, from 1988 to 1990. He ran for President of Russia in the 1991 election. Bakatin was born in Kiselyovsk, Kemerovo Oblast, Soviet Union.

Bakatin died on 31 July 2022 at a hospital in Moscow, Russia at the age of 84.

Vasile Silvian Ciupercă

Vasile Silvian Ciupercă (14 July 1949 – 31 July 2022) was a Romanian politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 2001 to 2004. 

Ciupercă died on 31 July 2022 in Bucharest, Romania at the age of 73.

Hubertus Leteng

Hubertus Leteng (; 1 January 1959 – 31 July 2022) was an Indonesian Roman Catholic bishop. He was the Bishop of Ruteng from 2010 to October 2017. He resigned because of scandals about theft and of having a mistress. Leteng was born in Ruteng, Indonesia.

Leteng died on 31 July 2022 in Bandung, Indonesia of a heart attack at the age of 63.

Other People's Letters

Other People's Letters () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Averbakh and stars Irina Kupchenko, Svetlana Smirnova, and Sergei Kovalenkov.


Rikki-Tikki-Tavi (1975 movie)

Rikki-Tikki-Tavi () is a 1975 Soviet movie directed by Nana Kldiashvili and Aleksandr Zguridi and stars Igor Alekseyev, Vera Altayskaya, and Aleksey Batalov.

Step Forward (movie)

Step Forward () is a 1975 Soviet comedy movie directed by Naum Birman and stars Lyudmila Gurchenko, Nikolay Volkov Jr., and Yelena Anderegg.


Take Aim

Take Aim () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Igor Talankin and stars Sergei Bondarchuk, Georgiy Zhzhonov, and Nikolai Volkov.


Teens in the Universe

Teens in the Universe () is a 1975 Soviet science fiction movie directed by Richard Viktorov and stars Innokenti Smoktunovsky, Lev Durov, and Yuri Medvedev.


They Fought for Their Country

They Fought for Their Country () is a 1975 Soviet war movie directed by Sergei Bondarchuk and stars Vasily Shukshin, Vyacheslav Tikhonov, and Sergei Bondarchuk. The movie is based on the eponymous novel written by Mikhail Sholokhov


Town People

Town People () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Rogovoy and stars Nikolay Kryuchkov, Marina Dyuzheva, and Mikhail Vaskov.


Upright Magic

Upright Magic () is a 1975 Soviet comedy-fantasy movie directed by Yuri Pobedonostsev and stars I. Fominskaya, Yuri Minin, and Elena Sanaeva.

We Didn't Learn This

We Didn't Learn This () is a 1975 Soviet drama movie directed by Ilya Frez and stars Natalya Rychagova, Boris Tokarev, and Tatyana Kanaeva.


...And Other Officials

...And Other Officials () is a 1976 Soviet drama movie directed by Semyon Aranovich and stars Lev Durov, Aleksandr Galibin, and Anatoly Grachyov.


Adobe Lightroom

Adobe Lightroom (officially Adobe Photoshop Lightroom) is Adobe graphics program for working with digital photos. It can be used for "manifesting" "digital negatives" (DNG, RAW data formats), retouching photos and organizing their catalog.

The first version was introduced in 2007. Version Lightroom Classic (11.4.1) was launched on June 29, 2022.

Adobe Creative Suite

Adobe Creative Suite (CS) is a design package, a set of professional applications for working with computer graphics, documents and web content produced by Adobe. First presented in 2003. The latest version of the package is CS6 (May 7, 2012). Currently discontinued in favor of Adobe Creative Cloud. The Creative Suite packages were deleted from Adobe's online store in 2013, but were still available on their website until January 2017.

The Adventures of Buratino (1975 movie)

The Adventures of Buratino () is a 1975 Soviet fantasy movie directed by Leonid Nechayev and stars Dima Iosifov, Nikolai Grinko, and Yuriy Katin-Yartsev. The movie is an adaptation of the 1883 Italian novel The Adventures of Pinocchio by Carlo Collodi.


Adventures of Captain Wrongel

Adventures of Captain Wrongel () is a 1976 Soviet animation miniseries directed by David Cherkassky.


The Age of Innocence (1976 movie)

The Age of Innocence () is a 1976 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Rogovoy and stars Vladimir Letenkov, Stanislav Zhdanko, and Leonid Kayurov.


Dave Smith (comedian)

Dave Smith (born April 20, 1982) is an American stand-up comedian, political commentator, and libertarian. He has appeared on Fox News Channel's "Kennedy" and "The Greg Gutfeld Show." He was also seen on CNN's "S.E. Cupp: Unfiltered".

Smith has been seen as a possible candidate for the Libertarian nomination for President of the United States in the 2024 election.

The Beginning of the Legend

The Beginning of the Legend () is a 1976 Soviet drama movie directed by Boris Grigoryev and stars Larisa Luzhina, Georgiy Burkov, and Oleg Orlov.


Blue Puppy

Blue Puppy () is a 1976 Soviet animated movie directed by Yefim Gamburg.


The Days of the Turbins (movie)

The Days of the Turbins () is a 1976 Soviet drama movie directed by Vladimir Basov and stars Andrey Myagkov, Andrei Rostotsky, and Valentina Titova.


Photomath

Photomath is a mobile app described as a "calculator camera" that uses the phone's camera to recognize math equations and display a step-by-step solution on the screen. The app was released in October 2014. In 2016, the app began recognizing handwriting in addition to printed text.

Adriana Barraza

Adriana Barraza González (born 5 March 1956) is a Mexican actress, acting teacher, and director. She is known for her role in "Amores perros" and in "Babel", which earned her an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination.

QuickTime VR

QuickTime VR (also known as QTVR) is an image file format developed by Apple Inc. for QuickTime. The app was discontinued with QuickTime 7. It allows the creation and viewing of VR photos, and panoramas. It functions as plugins for the QuickTime Player and for the QuickTime Web browser plugin.

Lockland, Ohio

Lockland is a village in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. The population was 3,514 at the 2020 United States Census. Lockland is located in southwest Ohio, north of Cincinnati. Its population has declined since the latter part of the 20th century. 

Wild Wild West

Wild Wild West is a 1999 American steampunk Western movie co-produced and directed by Barry Sonnenfeld and written by S. S. Wilson and Brent Maddock alongside Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman. It is based from the 1960s television series "The Wild Wild West".

It stars Will Smith and Kevin Kline. The movie is about two U.S. Secret Service agents who work together to protect U.S. President Ulysses S. Grant. The movie also stars Kenneth Branagh, Salma Hayek, Ted Levine, and M. Emmet Walsh.

It was released on June 30, 1999 by Warner Bros. and was one of the most expensive movies ever made at the time it was released. "Wild Wild West" was a commercial failure, making only $222.1 million. It had strong negative reviews.

A hip hop song, also titled "Wild Wild West", was a number-one hit on the U.S. pop charts. It also won a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Original Song. The song was performed Will Smith featuring the R&B group Dru Hill and was produced by Rob Fusari. It contains a sample from Stevie Wonder's 1976 hit "I Wish". 

FaceApp

FaceApp is a photo and video editing application for iOS and Android developed by FaceApp Technology Limited. The program is able to realistically change the face in the photo according to the selected parameters: make it older, younger or change gender, hairstyle, add glasses or a smile, using neural networks.

The app has been criticized and accused of supporting racism for lightening the skin color of dark-skinned people and for so-called ethnic filters of "white", "black", "Asian", "Indian". Company founder Yaroslav Goncharov was forced to delete them with apologies.

Barry Sonnenfeld

Barry Sonnenfeld (born April 1, 1953) is an American filmmaker and television director. He is known for director "The Addams Family" (1991) and its sequel "Addams Family Values" (1993), "Get Shorty" (1995), "Men in Black" (1997), "Men in Black II" (2002), "Men in Black III" (2012), and "Wild Wild West" (1999).

Addams Family Values

Addams Family Values is a 1993 American supernatural black comedy movie directed by Barry Sonnenfeld and written by Paul Rudnick. It is based on the characters created by Charles Addams. It is the sequel to "The Addams Family" (1991). It stars Anjelica Huston, Raul Julia, Christopher Lloyd, Christina Ricci, Carel Struycken, Jimmy Workman, and Christopher Hart with Joan Cusack. 

It was released on November 19, 1993 to positive reviews and was Julia's last movie before his death in 1994.

Robert Bigelow

Robert Thomas Bigelow (born May 12, 1944) is an American businessman. He owns the hotel chain Budget Suites of America and is the founder of Bigelow Aerospace. Bigelow Aerospace has launched 2 experimental space modules, Genesis I and Genesis II, and has plans to launch full-fledged modules that will be used as orbital hotels (see Bigelow Commercial Space Station), research laboratories and factories.

Bigelow has provided financial support for investigations of UFOs and parapsychological topics.

