Les Engagés pour le Développement

Les Engagés pour le Développement also known as (EDE) is a political party created by former Prime Minister, former Minister of Foreign Affairs and Worship Dr. Claude Joseph.

A group of citizens met in New York to discuss the various problems facing their Haiti and the need to put in place a structure that can contribute to its development. This first meeting, which brought together a total of 28 participants, was preceded by a series of preparatory meetings held online in August 2021.

The September 26 meeting ended with the signing of a joint declaration called “The New York Declaration” which is supposed to be the founding act of the Party. A steering committee and sectoral commissions have been set up to follow up on the decisions taken during this meeting.

A three-day follow-up and consolidation workshop took place at the end of October 2021 in Florida during which the founding members of the Party notably discussed and adopted the Statutes and the declaration of principles of "EDE".

On November 25, 2021, the Political Party was officially registered with the Ministry of Justice and Public Security of the Republic of Haiti. On March 7, 2022, the Steering Committee requested the legal recognition of the Party from the Haitian State through the Ministry of Justice and Public Security.

On March 18, 2022, the EDE political party was formally and officially recognized by the Ministry of Justice and Public Security (MJSP). On April 4, 2022, the Party benefited from the status of a legal person with the Haitian State represented by the General Directorate of Taxes (DGI).
A Father’s Diary

A Father’s Diary is a 2021 film directed by Award-winning Bangladesh-born Canadian filmmaker Golam Mustofa. The movie took home a number of prizes at film festivals in Canada, the United States, Singapore, Korea and India, including the Accolade Global Film Competition in 2021 and the Calcutta International Cult Film Festival in 2021. It also received an honorable mention at the Mumbai International Film Festival.

In 2022, A Father's Diary was awarded for "Best drama" award at "AltFF Alternative Film Festival Summer 2022."

In 2022, "Best Screenplay" award was given to A Father's Diary by "BUDDHA International Film Festival."

The 3rd Malabar Music Festival in Kerala, India, has recognised the song "Ghum Ghum Ghum" as the Best Bengali Song Video. 

This movie is a story of a South Asian father who struggles to deal with his daughter and wife's decisions.






Kosciusko

Kosciusko may refer to:


Great Ormond Street Hospital

Great Ormond Street Hospital (informally GOSH or Great Ormond Street, formerly the Hospital for Sick Children) is a children's hospital located in the Bloomsbury area of the London Borough of Camden, and a part of Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children NHS Foundation Trust. It started in 1852. 

It is one of the largest centres for heart transplantation in the world. The trust is the largest centre for research and postgraduate teaching in children's health in Europe.

In April 1929 J.M. Barrie gave the copyright to his "Peter Pan" works to the hospital.

It has a very large private income - £78 million in 2023/4 but ended 2022/3 with a deficit of £10 million.

The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life

The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life is a 1956 sociological book by Erving Goffman. In the book, he uses imagery of theatre to show the importance of human social interaction. This became known as Goffman's dramaturgical analysis. It was first published in Scotland in 1956, and the United States in 1959. It was Goffman's first book, and won him the American Sociological Association's MacIver award in 1961. In 1998, the International Sociological Association listed the work as the tenth most important sociological book of the 20th century.

"The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life" was the first sociological book to study face-to-face interaction. Goffman uses examples from theatrical performances and shows how they are like everyday conversations. He believed that people would try to change what others thought of them whenever they spoke to somebody else. At the same time, the other person does the same. Another thing that is in the book many times is the idea that making sure everyone in a room has the same definition of the situation is important for interactions.


Thomas theorem

The Thomas theorem is a theory of sociology that was created by William Isaac Thomas and Dorothy Swaine Thomas in 1928. It says:

This means that how a situation is seen will cause the future actions, not the actual truth. In Erving Goffman's 1956 sociological book "The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life", he talks a lot about what he calls the definition of the situation, and how it is important that all people see a situation the same. This was based on W. I. Thomas saying, in 1923, that how a person saw situations ("the definition of the situation") would later become part of their personality as they would change how they live their life to be similar to other people.

The Uplift Mofo Party Plan

The Uplift Mofo Party Plan is the third studio album by Red Hot Chili Peppers. Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American rock band. The album was released by Manhattan Records on September 29, 1987. "The Uplift Mofo Party Plan" is the band's only album that has the founding members on every song. These people are singer Anthony Kiedis, bass guitar player Flea, guitar player Hillel Slovak and drummer Jack Irons. This is the last Red Hot Chili Peppers album with Slovak on it. This is because he died from a drug overdose in 1988. The album had one single. It is named "Fight Like a Brave". In 1992, "Behind the Sun" was released as a single as well. This was because it was on "What Hits!?", a greatest hits album.

The album was much more successful than the band's first two albums. It was the band's first album to go on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. "The Uplift Mofo Party Plan" was certified gold by the RIAA. The band went on tour to make the album more popular. Slovak died after the tour. Because of this, Irons left the band.

Red Hot Chili Peppers joined EMI in 1983. After the band did this, Hillel Slovak and Jack Irons left the band. They did this so they could focus on their other band, What Is This?. The other members of the Chili Peppers, Anthony Kiedis and Flea, got new members to join. They hired Jack Sherman and Cliff Martinez. The band made an album in 1984 named "The Red Hot Chili Peppers". Kiedis and Flea did not like how the album sounded. They replaced Sherman with Slovak, because Slovak left What Is This? a few weeks earlier. "Freaky Styley" (1985) was the band's first album with Slovak on it. In early 1986, the band started working on their next album. EMI gave the Chili Peppers $5,000 to make a demo tape. The band worked with Keith Levene, one of the original members of the Clash, to make the album. Levene and Slovak saved $2,000 dollars from the money to spend on drugs. They did not tell this to the rest of the band. This made the other members mad. Kiedis and Flea fired Martinez. After this, they hired Jack Irons again.

Kiedis and Slovak were addicted to heroin. Their addictions got worse as the band was making "The Uplift Mofo Party Plan". Kiedis was not helping the band make much music because of his addiction. He was asked to leave the band to go to a treatment place. While he was there, the band won the "LA Weekly" Band of the Year Award. Because of this, Kiedis decided to stop using heroin. He visited his mother in Michigan, and she took him to another treatment place owned by the Salvation Army. He lived with his mother after being treated for 20 days. It was the first time he was not using drugs since he was 11 years old. After he was done, Kiedis felt much better. He wrote the lyrics to "Fight Like a Brave" while on an airplane going back to Los Angeles. He joined the band again to record the album.

While Kiedis was getting treated, the band wanted to get a new producer. Michael Beinhorn was looking for work at EMI after he had produced other music. None of it was very successful. A man from EMI talked to Beinhorn, and asked him to work with the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Beinhorn liked the band's music and how they acted. He wanted to meet the band. They told him to meet them at a club in New Orleans named Tipitina's. Beinhorn decided to work with the band. Kiedis talked to Beinhorn about how the album was going to be made. Kiedis wanted to record the album in ten days, and write the songs during this time.

The album was recorded in Capitol Studios Studio B in Hollywood. Kiedis was having withdrawal while making the album, and did not make as much music as he did before. After not doing drugs for fifty days, he decided to take drugs again because he made new music. This made him addicted to drugs again. Making the album was difficult, because Kiedis left many times to find drugs. Beinhorn said that he "really thought the record wasn't gonna get made." Kiedis felt bad whenever he was not recording music with the band, so he tried to write music and find drugs at the same time. The band was not happy that he was using drugs and did not show up to make music. However, they were impressed with how much music he wrote.

The band had fun recording the album. They were inspired by Jack Irons being in the band again. Beinhorn wanted the band to do different things with the music on the album. Although the band wanted to make the same type of music they already made, they later thought Beinhorn was helping them make better music. Slovak helped Kiedis record his singing on the album. In between recording songs, Slovak ran around and said "This is the most beautiful thing we've ever done." During a jam session, Slovak made a guitar riff that sounded different from the band's music. Slovak almost stopped using the riff because it was very different from the music the band had already made. However, Beinhorn helped him make it into a full song. Every member of the band started making music for it. The song became one of the album's singles. It was named "Behind the Sun".

While the album was being made, Beinhorn told Kiedis to rap less, and sing more. At the time, Kiedis did not like his singing voice. He also thought the new style was too cliché. On "The Uplift Mofo Party Plan", Slovak played music that was different from funk, such as reggae and extreme metal. Slovak used a talk box on the song "Funky Crime". He sang into a tube to use the talk box. This let him make different sounds while playing the guitar. Flea used a different style of playing the bass guitar on the album. He would slap the strings to make different sounds. This was something he did on many of the band's other albums. The album has a cover version of "Subterranean Homesick Blues" by Bob Dylan. It is in a Red Hot Chili Peppers style.

Many of the lyrics on the album were about the band members, sex, and life in Los Angeles. Many of the lyrics were inspired by Slovak, Kiedis, Flea and Irons being in the band again. They were happy that they could make music together again. Kiedis was also inspired by his own life when writing music. While the band was making "Freaky Styley", Kiedis and Slovak used cocaine a lot. When Slovak was high, he would wear brightly colored clothes and dance in a weird way. This inspired the song "Skinny Sweaty Man". The song "No Chump Love Sucker" was also inspired by Slovak. While the album was being made, Slovak's girlfriend left him. She started dating someone who had "more money and more drugs". The band made the song about this.

"Funky Crime" was inspired by a conversation between the band and George Clinton. Clinton was the producer for "Freaky Styley". Kiedis said that the song was a description of the conversation. It is about how music is "color-blind" but it separated by the media based on what it thinks about musicians. Kiedis wrote "Me and My Friends" while driving home from San Francisco with his friend Joe Walters. "Backwoods" is about the history of rock and roll. Kiedis said that "Love Trilogy" is one of the band's favorite songs. It is about loving things that are not perfect.

EMI did not want to release the album unless the band changed the name of the song "Party on your Pussy". The band renamed the song to "Special Secret Song Inside". "The Uplift Mofo Party Plan" was released on September 29, 1987. It got to number 148 on the "Billboard" 200. This was much more successful than the band's other albums. It was the band's first album on the "Billboard" 200. The album has been certified gold in the United States. The band made a music video for the song "Fight Like a Brave". This was the album's main single. It did not go on any "Billboard" charts. "Behind the Sun" was released as a single in 1992. It was released for a compilation album named "What Hits!?". It got to number 7 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart.

The album also helped Red Hot Chili Peppers get more fans in Los Angeles. One of these fans was John Frusciante. He later joined the band to play the guitar after Slovak died. Frusciante's way of playing the guitar was inspired by Slovak.

The band went on a long concert tour for the album. They went to many different countries for it. The band noticed that there were more people at their concerts. Kiedis said that the fans had more energy as well. Flea said that "We were in love with those songs and how much fun we were having playing them."

The band was happy that they had more fans. However, Kiedis and Slovak were still addicted to drugs. Both of them stopped using heroin before the tour. They helped each other not use the drug. During the tour, both of them had drug withdrawal. Slovak had much worse symptoms than Kiedis. He was worse at playing the guitar because of his withdrawal. At one concert, Slovak had a mental breakdown and did not play the guitar. The band played the concert without Slovak. They did not have anyone playing the guitar. Slovak got better, but the band did not want it to happen again. They hired DeWayne McKnight to play guitar at a few concerts. After a few days playing with McKnight, the band wanted to let Slovak play again. He played with the band at many concerts in Europe. Kiedis tried to get a counselor for Slovak to help him. However, Slovak did not think his addiction was bad enough to need treatment.

When the band came back to Los Angeles, Slovak stayed away from the other members of the band. When he was not getting support from his friends, Slovak had trouble avoiding drugs. A few weeks after the band got to Los Angeles, they tried to find Slovak. They could not find him for many days. Slovak was found dead by police in his apartment on June 27, 1988. He died because of a heroin overdose. Irons left the band because of Slovak's death. He said he did not want to be in a group his friends were dying in. Kiedis and Flea did not know if they should keep making music. They decided to make more music to continue what Slovak "helped build". The two hired John Frusciante. Frusciante was a fan of the Chili Peppers, and liked how Slovak played the guitar. The group also needed a new drummer, because Irons left. They hired Chad Smith.

Red Hot Chili Peppers

Other musicians

Production

Design


Face-to-face interaction

Face-to-face interaction is communication between people without any technology. Erving Goffman said it was the influence people have on each other using speech and body language.

Agave americana

Agave americana, common names century plant, maguey, or American aloe, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, native to Mexico and the United States in Texas. It is cultivated worldwide as an ornamental plant, and has been naturalized in many regions, including parts of the Caribbean, South America, Mediterranean Sea, Africa, Canary Islands, India, China, Thailand, and Australia.

Doom Patrol

The Doom Patrol are a fictional team of heroes known as freaks, outcasts, and social misfits appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. They dedicate their lives to protecting the society that will not accept them. Their leader is a ruthless and manipulative genius known as The Chief, who is possibly responsible for the accidents that gave them powers. The original members included Beast Boy, Elasti-Girl, Mento, Negative Man, and Robotman. The "Doom Patrol" were created by Arnold Drake, Bruno Premiani, Murray Boltinoff, and Bob Haney, first appearing in "My Greatest Adventure" #80 (1963).

The superhero team has appeared in different forms of media, including animated television series, as well as in live-action adaptations. The 2019 self-titled television series, "Doom Patrol" was released for HBO Max.


Vixen (comics)

Vixen (Mari McCabe) is a fictional female superhero from Zambesi who adopts the abilities of animals using her Tantu Totem. The character appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. She can channel the powers of the animal kingdom by tapping into the morphogenetic field and has been a member of the Birds of Prey, the Checkmate, the Justice League, the Justice League International, the Suicide Squad, and the Ultramarine Corps. Vixen was created by Gerry Conway and Bob Oksner, first appearing in "Action Comics" #521 (1981).

The character has been adapted into different forms, of media, including television series, and video games.

Mysterio

Mysterio is a fictional character and a major antagonist from the Marvel Comics universe, most commonly serving as an enemy to Spider-Man, Deadpool, and Daredevil. He is a supervillain who primarily utilizes illusions and other gadgets to perform crimes.

The Mysterio identity has been adopted by different people over the years, but the most notable person to utilize the alias is Quentin Beck, a former actor and special effects artist that would go on to become one of Spider-Man's classic foes. He serves as one of the founding members of the supervillain group, the Sinister Six.

The character has appeared in movies, television series, and video games. In live-action, he is played by actor Jake Gyllenhaal in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie, "" (2019), reappearing in archive footage in "The Daily Bugle" (2019, 2021) and "" (2021).


On a Night Like This

"On a Night Like This" is a 2000 song by Australian singer Kylie Minogue and is the second single from her seventh studio album "Light Years". It went to number 1 in Australia and number 2 in the United Kingdom, Scotland and Iceland. It also went to the top 40 in Croatia, Finland, Ireland, New Zealand, Romania and Sweden. It was originally recorded by German singer Pandora.







That's Freedom

"That's Freedom" is a 1987 song by Tom Kimmel and was taken from his debut studio album "5 to 1".

In 1990. Australian singer John Farnham released a version of the single and went to number 6 in Australia, number 52 in the Netherlands and number 56 in Germany. It failed to chart in New Zealand.



Mary Morrissey

Mary Morrissey (born 1949) is an American New Thought writer and an activist for international peace. She is the writer of "Building Your Field of Dreams," which tells of her life story. She is also the writer of "No Less Than Greatness," a book about making peace. In 2002 she wrote the book "New Thought: A Practical Spirituality." American writer Wayne Dyer called her "one of the most thoughtful teachers of our time."

Active from young age in international activism, Morrissey started the "Association for Global New Thought" in 1995 and was its first president. In 1997 she worked with Mahatma Gandhi's grandson, Arun Gandhi, in starting the international "Season for Nonviolence" organization. As of January 2019, "Season for Nonviolence" was celebrated around the world.

Mary Morrissey was born in Beaverton, Oregon in May, 1949. She was the vice president in her class when she was 16, but then she fell in love with a college student, got pregnant and was sent out of high school because teen pregnancy was not accepted. After having her baby, Morrissey got very sick with kidney disease and was told she only had six months to live. She believed it was because she had a baby at a young age.

Morrissey became a teacher, and in 1975 became a pastor. She started speaking publicly in the fields of New Thought, spiritual growth, and peace. She became a leader for the New Thought group and helped in starting of spiritual centers across the USA. According to Wayne Dyer, it was her humanity that "touched" people.

A feminist in the American Second-wave feminism of the 1970s, Morrissey worked with Barbara Marx Hubbard and Jean Houston to start "The Society for the Universal Human". She was later invited to become a member of the "Leadership Council", started by Jack Canfield.

Morrissey worked with the Dalai Lama on issues relating the global peace group. She met Nelson Mandela in South Africa and later used his teachings of peace in her work.

As an activist for international peace, she and Arun Gandhi, started "Season for Nonviolence". As part of her work at "Season for Nonviolence", Morrissey was asked to give speeches for the United Nations, first on ending violence, and later about the need for an international peace agenda. "Season for Nonviolence" has grown to be taught globally. It was taught in schools and universities. As of January 2019, "Season for Nonviolence" was in education systems around the world 

Morrissey was the creator of the "Living Enrichment Center" in Oregon. In 2004 she and her ex-husband made it public that they were in debt. This made the news and Mary asked for forgiveness for leading her followers to take risks with their money. She agreed to pay the government over 10 million dollars to settle the debt issue. Morrissey later divorced her husband and, for the next 14 years, worked hard to pay her debt. She paid all of it in 2018.
"Building Your Field of Dreams" tells of Morrissey's difficulties as a teenage mother. "Publishers Weekly" called the book "sincere"(kind) The book was accepted by the self-development community, with Wayne Dyer writing that the book "sparkles"(shines brightly) and author Gay Hendricks calling the book a "wellspring of spiritual wisdom."(a place to gain knowledge) The "Peninsula Daily News" magazine called the book "a metaphysical classic."(a wonderful book) In his book "The Art of Being," writer Dennis Merritt Jones writes that "Building Your Field of Dreams" was among the recommended reading for readers interested in self-development. Writer Tess Keehn, in "Alchemical Inheritance" writes that "Building Your Field of Dreams" was important in helping her create "vision boards."(dreams) Writer Sage Bennet in "Wisdom Walk" wrote that Morrissey's book can help learn about New Thought. Its Spanish version is known in the field of spirituality.

Relationships were important in Morrissey's teachings, speaking of male and female characters. Over the years Morrissey wrote articles for newspapers and magazines, writing on relationships. In her book, "No Less Than Greatness: Finding Perfect Love in Imperfect Relationships," Morrissey wrote about "relationship-building."(making friends) The book was taught worldwide. Writer Gary Zukav called the book "practical and inspiring," and writer Marianne Williamson wrote that the book "should be every couple's" friend(a guide for couples). Robert LaCrosse wrote that "No Less Than Greatness" was a recommended resource in his book "Learning From Divorce". Writer Dennis Jones recommended the book in his 2008 book "The Art of Being".
Morrissey used sentences from the Bible in her teaching, as well as the Talmud, the Tao Te Ching, Thoreau and others. Wishing to show the New Thought movement in a simple nature, Morrissey wrote the book "New Thought: A Practical Spirituality." Published by Penguin in 2002, the book was made of short essays from 40 New Thought leaders. The book was used for academic work: in the book "Alternative Psychotherapies" Jean Mercer referred to it as a key book for understanding the "engagement with the spiritual world." In Jones & Bartlett's 2009 book, "Spirituality, Health, and Healing", authors Young and Koopsen wrote that Morrissey's "New Thought" was important for understanding the difference between the New Thought movement and New Age, writing that "New Thought is not New Age". Many research books, including Oxford University Press' "Gurus of Modern Yoga", write that Morrissey's "New Thought" book was an important book in helping to understand the New Thought group.
Over the years Morrissey wrote articles for newspapers, magazines, and books. She wrote for "Success Magazine". Sentences taken from her books were published in magazines internationally, as well as in books. Her writings are written in self-help books, Christian teachings books, books about rights, work, and happiness. Simon & Schuster's "Chicken Soup for the Soul" series sometimes open chapters with her sentences.

As a teacher she is respected for inspiring the writing of several books, including "The Conscious Heart," "The Art of Being, The Inspired Life, Small Pleasures, The Twelve Conditions of a Miracle," "Healing From Depression," "Positive Energy", "Ninety Seconds to a Life You Love" "To Hell and Back," and others. Morrissey's ease of writing made her, according to Alan Cohen's book "Handle With Prayer," "one of the most respected ministers in the New Thought movement." Her teachings appeared in books around the world. She is well-respected in Russia, as well as in the Far East, with her teachings taught in Indonesia and China.

In radio, Morrissey used broadcasting in order "to make a difference in the world." She recorded many audio programs, including "The Eleven Forgotten Laws" with Bob Proctor.

She appeared on a two-hour television PBS special: "Building Dreams," which was based on her book "Building Your Field of Dreams." Her programs were on many channels, including NBC television stations. In cinema, she was an early supporter of spiritual cinema, and appeared in documentaries. In 2005 she appeared in "The Moses Code". in 2007 she appeared in "Living Luminaries". The movie is listed among the finest spiritual documentaries produced. In 2009 she participated in the movie "Beyond the Secret," alongside Les Brown. In 2010 she appeared in the movie "Discover the Gift" alongside The Dalai Lama. In the same year she also appeared in the movie "The Inner Weigh." In 2014 she appeared in "Sacred Journey of the Heart," which won the "Best Film" category in the 2014 International Film Festival for Environment, Health, and Culture.

Her 2016 TEDx talk, "The Hidden Code For Transforming Dreams Into Reality," got over a million views on YouTube.

In his book, "Shadow Medicine: The Placebo in Conventional and Alternative Therapies," John S. Haller warns that other teachings in medicine, such as that of Mary Morrissey, should not be seen as a substitute to regular medicine.

1981–82 Austrian Cup

The 1981-82 Austrian Cup was the national cup in Austrian football. Grazer AK were the defending champions. 
First round with teams from the second league.

First round with teams from the first league.


Fuad Đulić – Vesely Schenk, Robert Auer (42. Günther Seebacher), Werner Schwarz, Arnold Koreimann, Herwig Kircher, Roland Hattenberger, Andreas Gretschnig, Helmut Weigl, Ewald Gröss, Manfred Braschler (71. Gert Jørgensen)<br>
coach:Franz Wolny
Friedl Koncilia – Robert Sara, Josef Sara, Erich Obermayer, Johann Dihanich, Franz Zore, Felix Gasselich (87. Ruben Plaza), Karl Daxbacher, Ernst Baumeister, Gerhard Steinkogler, Petko Petkov (82. Franz Zach)<br>
coach: Václav Halama


Friedl Koncilia – Erich Obermayer, Robert Frind (66. Josef Sara), Johann Dihanich, Ruben Plaza, Felix Gasselich, Harald Fürst, Karl Daxbacher, Ernst Baumeister, Gerhard Steinkogler, Thomas N'Gobe (66. Petko Petkov)<br>
coach: Václav Halama
Fuad Đulić – Vesely Schenk, Helmut Weigl, Werner Schwarz, Arnold Koreimann, Herwig Kircher, Roland Hattenberger, Andreas Gretschnig, Werner Zanon, Ewald Gröss, Manfred Braschler<br>
coach:Franz Wolny

Confide in Me

"Confide in Me" is a 1994 song by Australian singer Kylie Minogue and is the lead single from her fifth studio album "Kylie Minogue". It topped the single charts in Australia and Turkey and also went to the top 40 in Belgium, Finland, France, Iceland, Ireland, New Zealand, Scotland, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.







Note: The Phillip Damien mixes were released exclusively in the US for promotional purposes only. The "Bass Change Mix" was later added to the commercial release of Put Yourself in My Place under the name "Phillip Damien Mix". Otherwise, they are identical.

Sellafield

Sellafield, formerly known as Windscale, is a large nuclear site on the coast of Cumbria, England. Now it mostly does nuclear waste processing and storage and nuclear decommissioning. It used to be a nuclear power plant from 1956 to 2003, and nuclear fuel reprocessing from 1952 to 2022. It is a big place, 265 hectares (650 acres), and has more than 200 nuclear facilities and more than 1,000 buildings.

In December 2023, media wrote about a leak from a silo of radioactive waste.

The leak has been known since 2019, according to a middle manager at Norwegian Radiation and Nuclear Safety Authority; Furthermore, some radioactive water is leaking thru a crack in the silo; Furthermore, she says (in 2023) that the leak is not dangerous for Norway, and it has no consequence for Norway. 
The silo in question is the Magnox swarf storage silo.

Chester Zoo

Chester Zoo is a zoo near Chester. It was opened in 1931. It was built without the traditional iron bars to cage the animals. It covers 125 acres.

It was named as the best zoo in the UK and third in the world by TripAdvisor in 2017.

155 of the creatures are classified as threatened species. 134 species are kept as part of a captive breeding programme.

Mobile discotheques in UK

Silver Sounds Mobile Discotheque

One of the earliest mobile discotheques in Britain started out in Brighton, Sussex in 1967. At that time the Brighton Pavilion Young Conservatives held a weekly dance every Friday evening when, apart from a live group, vinyl was the only form of entertainment available.

Based on the success of these Friday get-togethers one of the members, Roger Wheeler, conceived the idea of setting up a mobile form of entertainment based on the Friday evening format initially using the Young Conservative's equipment for the first few events. He was joined in this venture by Paul Dennis, another Young Conservative, with the shows hosted by Wheeler and Dennis usually as a pair but sometimes with just one as the DJ.

The partnership continued their venture until Dennis left in January 1970 to travel to and work in Australia and the Far East.

As the original equipment belonged to the Brighton Pavilion Young Conservatives it could not continue to be used by the new venture and an uncle of Roger's was able to construct a system consisting of an amplifier, speakers, a mixer and two Garrard floating decks with the latter used to create stability wherever used.

Steady progress in the early years led to expansion of the areas covered to North Sussex, South Surrey and Kent.

Whilst sounding primitive by modern day standards it was a successful addition to musical entertainment in this era especially as the start-up had been greeted with so much scepticism by many at the time but copied by so many since.

Richard Niederbacher

Richard Niederbacher (born 7 December 1961) is an Austrian former professional football player and coach.

Niederbacher played for Sturm Graz, SV Waregem, Paris Saint-Germain, Stade Reims, First Vienna, Rapid Wien, Vorwärts Steyr, LASK Linz, Pécsi Mecsek and DSV Leoben.
He managed different teams in lower Austrian classes.
He debuted for the Austrian national team on 28 March 1984 in a away loss versus France. His last match was on 5 February 1988 versus Switzerland. He played four matches for Austria.
Austrian Cup:1987


Anne Waldman

Anne Waldman (born April 2, 1945) is an American poet.

Waldman was born in Millville, New Jersey, in 1945. She grew up on MacDougal Street in Greenwich Village, New York City. When she was young, she met musicians Leadbelly, Pete Seeger, and Thelonious Monk. Later, this had an effect on the place of music in her poetry.

She got her BA from Bennington College, Vermont, in 1966. She helped to begin and ran the St. Mark’s Poetry Project from 1966 to 1978. In 1974, she, Allen Ginsberg and others started the Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics at the Naropa Institute in Boulder, Colorado.

Waldman has been given many awards, such as the American Book Awards’ Lifetime Achievement Award, the Dylan Thomas Memorial Award, the National Literary Anthology Award, the Shelley Memorial Award for poetry, and grants from the Foundation for Contemporary Performance Arts and the National Endowment for the Arts.



Catholic Church sexual abuse cases

There have been cases where priests, monks, nuns, or other educators of the Catholic Church have sexually abused other people. Most were children, but some were adults. Most priests, monks and nuns have given a vow of celibacy. This means that they said they would not have sex with anyone.

There have been rules of the church how to deal with cases of abuse. Despite this, many of these cases have long been ignored by the church. Since the 1990s, media attention about the subject has increased. Many victims came forward and reported cases of abuse. Some cases happened decades earlier. Most likely, many cases are not reported at all. 

In the last few years, there had been scandals involving sexual abuse in Ireland, the United States, and other countries.

A study that looked at cases of sexual abuse in the church in the United States, between 1950 and the early 2000s found that 81% of the victims were male. Two years later, the same team published another report, with more detailed findings.

The abused are mostly boys but some are girls, some as young as three years old; most are 11 to 14 years old. The accusations of abuse and cover-ups began to receive public attention during the late 1980s. Cases have also been brought against members of the Catholic hierarchy who covered up sex abuse allegations and moved abusive priests to other parishes, where abuse continued.

By the 1990s, the cases began to receive a lot of media and public attention in countries such as Canada, United States, Chile, Australia and Ireland, and in much of Europe and South America. In 2002, an investigation by "The Boston Globe" led to widespread media coverage of the issue in the United States. Widespread abuse has been exposed in Europe, Australia, Chile, and the United States, reflecting worldwide patterns of long-term abuse as well as the Church hierarchy's pattern of regularly covering up reports of abuse.

From 2001 to 2010, the Holy See examined sex abuse cases involving about 3,000 priests, some of which dated back fifty years. Diocesan officials and academics knowledgeable about the Catholic Church say that sexual abuse by clergy is generally not discussed, and therefore difficult to measure. Members of the Church's hierarchy have argued that media coverage was excessive and disproportionate, and that such abuse also takes place in other religions and institutions. This annoyed critics who saw it as a device to avoid resolving the abuse problem within the Church.

In a 2001 apology, John Paul II called sexual abuse within the Church "a profound contradiction of the teaching and witness of Jesus Christ". Benedict XVI apologised, met with victims, and spoke of his "shame" at the evil of abuse, calling for perpetrators to be brought to justice, and denouncing mishandling by church authorities. In January 2018, referring to a particular case in Chile, Pope Francis accused victims of fabricating allegations; by April, he was apologizing for his "tragic error", and by August was expressing "shame and sorrow" for the tragic history. He convened a four-day summit meeting with the participation of the presidents of all the episcopal conferences of the world, which was held in Vatican City from 21 to 24 February 2019, to discuss preventing sexual abuse by Catholic Church clergy. In December 2019, Pope Francis made sweeping changes that allow for greater transparency. In June 2021, a team of U.N. special rapporteurs for the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights criticized the Vatican, pointing to persistent allegations that the Catholic Church had obstructed and failed to cooperate with domestic judicial proceedings in order to prevent accountability for abusers and compensation for victims.

Some Christian media and institutions have criticized the reporting media for anti-Catholic bias. A report issued by Christian Ministry Resources in 2002 said that contrary to popular opinion, there are more allegations of child sexual abuse in Protestant congregations than Catholic ones, and that sexual violence is most often committed by volunteers rather than by priests themselves. The report also criticized the way the media reported sexual crimes, stating that the Australian media reported on sexual abuse allegations against Catholic clergy but ignored such allegations against Protestant churches. Stephen Joseph Rossetti, a Catholic priest, reported that the frequency of pedophilia amongst the Catholic clergy is no higher than among general population, and a Catholic priest is no more likely to be a pedophile than an average male.

Eugene Talmadge

Eugene Talmadge (September 23, 1884 – December 21, 1946) was an American attorney and politician. He was the 55th governor of Grorgia. He was elected to be governor three times but only served two time. He served from 1933 until 1937 and from 1941 until 1943. Talmadge died before he could be sworn in for the third time. He died of a liver problem. His death caused the three governors controversy. 

Kishore Kumar

Kishore Kumar (born Abhas Kumar Ganguly; ; 4 August 1929 – 13 October 1987) was an Indian playback singer and actor. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest, most influential and dynamic singers in the history of Indian music.
He was one of the most popular singers in the Indian subcontinent, notable for his yodeling and ability to sing songs in different voices. He used to sing in different genres but some of his rare compositions, considered classics, were lost in time. According to his brother and legendary actor Ashok Kumar, Kishore Kumar was successful as a singer because his "voice hits the mike, straight, at its most sensitive point".

Besides Hindi, he sang in many other Indian languages, including Bengali, Marathi, Assamese, Gujarati, Kannada, Bhojpuri, Malayalam, Odia and Urdu. He also released a few non-film albums in multiple languages, especially in Bengali, which are noted as all-time classics.

He won 8 Filmfare Awards for Best Male Playback Singer and holds the record for winning the most Filmfare Awards in that category. He was awarded the Lata Mangeshkar Award by the Madhya Pradesh government in 1985.

In 1997, the Madhya Pradesh Government initiated an award called the "Kishore Kumar Award" for contributions to Hindi cinema. In 2012, his unreleased last song sold for 15.6 lakh at the Osian's Cinefan Auction in New Delhi.

Little Bill

Little Bill is an American animated educational television series created by Bill Cosby. it is based on the Little Bill book series, written by Cosby and illustrations by Varnette P. Honeywood. The series is produced by Nickelodeon Animation Studio.

Bashkir Qa

Ҡ is a cyrillic letter named Bashkir Qa.

Shocker (character)

Shocker is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by Stan Lee and John Romita Sr, and debuted in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #46 in March 1967. He is mainly an antagonist in the Spider-Man comic book series. At least two men, Herman Schultz and Jackson Bruce, have assumed the identity of the said supervillain.

Schultz was originally a self-taught engineer and renowned safe cracker who invented a pair of gauntlets capable of producing powerful vibrational shock waves. He incorporated these gauntlets into a protective battlesuit and became a mercenary for hire. As the Shocker, Schultz quickly rose in New York City's criminal underworld and has been employed by various crime lords, which has often put him into conflict with Spider-Man. One notable trait that differentiates the Shocker from most other Spider-Man villains is his pursuit of wealth and a comfortable life rather than revenge or chaos. As a result, he has sometimes put aside his differences with Spider-Man and has helped him or other heroes when it was in his best interest.

The character has been adapted from the comics into various forms of media, having been voiced by Jim Cummings in , Jeff Bennett in "The Spectacular Spider-Man", and David B. Mitchell in the video game "Spider-Man". Two iterations of the character were featured in the 2017 Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "", with Herman Schultz portrayed by Bokeem Woodbine and Jackson Price portrayed by Logan Marshall-Green.

Wings of Fire

Wings of Fire is a series of children's epic dragon fantasy novels written by Tui T. Sutherland. It has sold 14 million copies around the world.

The "Wings of Fire" series focuses on the adventures and endeavors of young dragons ("dragonets") to fulfill or stop prophecies and make their world a better place. There are two continents filled with dragons in the world of "Wings of Fire", and these dragons are split into ten tribes based on their biological characteristics - on Pyrrhia, there are the MudWings, SandWings, SkyWings, SeaWings, RainWings, IceWings and NightWings, and on Pantala, there are the SilkWings, HiveWings and LeafWings. With a few exceptions to each rule, the dragon tribes live separately from one another in a habitat suited to their needs, and are ruled by a queen. There are also humans in the world, usually called "scavengers" by the Pyrrhian dragons and "reading monkeys" by some Pantalan dragons, though humans are usually eaten and considered inferior animals. Despite this, at times the books explore the relationship between humans and dragons.

The books are written by Tui T. Sutherland and edited by Amanda Maciel, and they are published by Scholastic Inc. The cover art is drawn by Joy Ang, and the maps were made by Mike Schley.

There are five books in the first arc: "The Dragonet Prophecy" (2012), "The Lost Heir" (2013), "The Hidden Kingdom" (2013), "The Dark Secret" (2013), and "The Brightest Night" (2014). These respectively star the dragonets Clay, Tsunami, Glory, Starflight and Sunny as the protagonists. The five heroes are collectively called the "Dragonets of Destiny", a group of young dragons predicted by a mysterious prophecy to be the saviors of Pyrrhia who will end the twenty-year-long War of SandWing Succession by choosing the next queen of the SandWings.

There are five books in the second arc: "Moon Rising" (2014), "Winter Turning" (2015), "Escaping Peril" (2015), "Talons of Power" (2016), and "Darkness of Dragons" (2017). These respectively star the dragonets Moonwatcher, Winter, Peril, Turtle and Qibli as the protagonists. The books take place on Pyrrhia six months after the War of SandWing Succession has ended, at the newly-founded Jade Mountain Academy where dragons from all tribes can learn together; the protagonists are students at the school who are faced with a sinister new prophecy that threatens not only the school but possibly the entire world.

There are five books in the third arc: "The Lost Continent" (2018), "The Hive Queen" (2018), "The Poison Jungle" (2019), "The Dangerous Gift" (2021), and "The Flames of Hope" (2022). These respectively star Blue, Cricket, Sundew, Snowfall and Luna as the protagonists. It takes place on Pantala, where another prophecy predicts the destruction of the world if mind-controlling tyrant Queen Wasp is not stopped.

Two special edition books called "Legends" have also been written: "Darkstalker" (2016), which tells the "true story" of the legendary historical figures Darkstalker, Clearsight and Fathom, and "Dragonslayer" (2020), about three humans during the end of the War of SandWing Succession.

Four short stories called "Winglets" have been written: "Prisoner" (2015), "Assassin" (2015), "Deserter" (2016) and "Runaway" (2016). These tell stories from the view of secondary characters from the main books (Fierceteeth, Deathbringer, Six-Claws, Arctic, Foeslayer, Snowflake). These short stories have been published in print several times, most notably altogether in "The Winglets Quartet" (2020).

Several companion books to "Wings of Fire" have also been written: "Forge Your Dragon World" and an "Official Coloring Book" (both 2022). There will soon be two additional companion books: "A Guide to the Dragon World" and "How to Draw" (both 2023). The main books are also being adapted into graphic novel format.

The "Wings of Fire" series has sold 14 million copies, making it a commercial success, and it has received generally mixed to positive reviews from critics. It has developed a significant fan following.

The books' themes have also been noted. Sutherland works with several big themes in each arc, and writes the books with big emphasis on character interaction. Themes include freedom versus fate, parenting, expectations, nature versus nurture, giftedness, and the meaning of responsibility. She also explores mind-reading, prophecy and the role of magic in fantasy literature with her concept of "animus magic" - magic that comes at the cost of a dragon's soul. Additionally, Sutherland's unique religious and multicultural upbringing (being exposed to many different ideas and cultures because she's lived and traveled all over the world) has been noted.


QTOL

Quiet Take Off and Landing ( or QTOL) is when an aircraft is able to go into the air or land on the ground quietly.

Sussudio

"Sussudio" is a 1985 song by Phil Collins and was released in January, 1985. It is the opening track from his third studio album "No Jacket Required". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 3 in the Netherlands, number 8 in Australia and Spain, number 10 in Canada, number 12 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Finland and number 17 in Germany.

7-inch: Virgin / VS736 (UK)

7-inch: Atlantic / 7-89560 (US)

12-inch: Virgin / VS736-12 (UK)

CD: WEA International / WPCR 2065 (Japan)

Kraven the Hunter

Kraven the Hunter (Sergei Kravinoff) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #15 (August 1964), and was created by writer Stan Lee and Steve Ditko. He is one of Spider-Man's frequent enemies and the half-brother of Dmitri Smerdyakov, better known as the Chameleon.

He is a former Russian aristocrat and big-game hunter that is unrivalled in his abilities, constantly seeking new prey in order to challenge himself. After learning about the existence of Spider-Man, Kraven would become obsessed with hunting and defeating him, believing him to be his ultimate prey. Over the years, he has occasionally been depicted as an anti-hero or neutral ally to Spider-Man because of his strict code of honor, although he has always returned to menace the wall-crawler and many other heroes nevertheless.

The character appeared in numerous Spider-Man adaptations, including animated series and video games. He is widely regarded as one of the most formidable enemies among his rogues. The character gained considerable attention from the story "Kraven's Last Hunt". The character has been a founding member of the supervillain group, the Sinister Six. He is also an enemy to many other heroes, such as Black Panther, Tigra, Ka-Zar, Deadpool, Venom, and the X-Men.

British actor Aaron Taylor-Johnson will portray the character in the upcoming movie of the same name, set in the Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU).

Something Happened on the Way to Heaven

"Something Happened on the Way to Heaven" is a 1990 song by Phil Collins and it was taken from his fourth studio album "...But Seriously". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 4 in the United States, number 5 in the Netherlands, number 7 in Finland, number 8 in Belgium and Ireland and number 15 in the United Kingdom. It was covered by Canadian singer Deborah Cox in 2003.

CD maxi

7-inch single

12-inch maxi

First Mexican Republic

The First Mexican Republic, known also as the First Federal Republic (), was a federated republic, established by the Constitution of 1824, the first constitution of independent Mexico. It was officially named the United Mexican States (, ). The First Mexican Republic lasted from 1824 to 1835, when conservatives under Antonio López de Santa Anna changed it into a unitary state, the Centralist Republic of Mexico.

The republic was announced on November 1, 1823 by the Supreme Executive Power, months after the fall of the Mexican Empire ruled emperor Agustin I, a former royalist military officer-turned-insurgent for independence. The federation was formally and legally established on October 4, 1824, when the Federal Constitution of the United Mexican States came into force.

The First Republic was badly harmed and bothered through its whole twelve-year existence by extreme financial and by not having a steady, trustworthy goverment. Political controversies, ever since the drafting of the constitution tended to center around whether Mexico should be a federal or a centralist state, with wider liberal and conservative causes attaching themselves to each group of people involved in a battle respectively. With the exception of the inaugural office holder, Guadalupe Victoria, every single administration (management) during the First Republic was permanently ended by military coup d'état.

The First Republic would finally collapse after the permanent end of the liberal president Valentín Gómez Farías, through a rebellion led by his former vice-president, General Antonio López de Santa Anna who had switched sides. Once in power, the conservatives, who had long been critical of the federal system and blamed it for the nation's instability, repealed the Constitution of 1824 on October 23, 1835, and the Federal Republic became a unitary state, the Centralist Republic. The unitary regime was formally established on December 30, 1836, with the doing of the seven constitutional laws.

The Spanish Empire fell apart after Napoleon's invasion of Spain and the permanent end of the Spanish Bourbons in 1808. Throughout Spain and her colonies there was a widespread refusal to recognize Napoleon's brother Joseph II as the new French-backed king of Spain. The cleric Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla, who had long been part of a circle of smart people who tried to reform the colonial system triggered the Mexican War of Independence in 1810 by accusing the Spanish ruling classes of seeking to recognize Joseph Bonaparte, while announcing loyalty to the imprisoned Ferdinand VII. The subsequent uprising would go on to seriously threaten the capital yet it was ultimately defeated within a year and Hidalgo was captured and executed.

The war would continue and be organized under Jose Maria Morelos who would gain control over much of southern New Spain. At the Congress of Chilpancingo in 1813 he rejected loyalty to Ferdinand and explained a plan for an independent, Republican Mexico. The Constitution of Apatzingán was approved on October 22, 1814, but it would never come into effect. The tide of war began to turn against the insurgents, and Morelos was captured and executed in 1815.

Meanwhile, in Spain, the Spanish government in exile, the liberal ruled Cortes of Cádiz had included representatives from the colonies, and taken into account many of the colonial complaints which were leading to independence. The resulting liberal Constitution of 1812, was announced and taught during the Morelos insurgency. It established a system of ‘provincial group of representatives’ which granted more autonomy to local governments in the colonies while also providing for freedom of speech. The newly freed Mexican press however simply made worse anti-Spanish feeling, Morelos' rebellion continued, and on the fake reason of need for controlling the rebels, the constitution was suspended in New Spain the same year it was announced, making Mexican liberals lose hope of reaching reform within the colonial system, while not forgetting the local provincial independence that they had temporarily been granted.

Independence was finally gained in 1821 under Agustín de Iturbide's Plan of Iguala which was a conservative reaction against the outbreak of the Trienio Liberal in Spain, but also an agreement with those Mexican liberals who searched for equality before the law. Mexico was to have its independence under a commonwealth system with constitutional monarchy maintaining ties to Spain and government workers in charge were sent to Spain to offer the throne to a Spanish prince. The Spanish government refused the offer and a popular demonstration led to Iturbide himself assuming the throne. The Emperor immediately however began to disagree with the government and showed himself determined to have supreme authority over the government, even shutting congress down and replacing it with a body of loyalists. Iturbide struggled to pay the army, and eventually Santa Anna said in favor of a Federal Republic in his Plan of Casa Mata. After being unable to hold back the rebellion Iturbide met again congress and offered his giving up after which he was permanently removed from the nation. He would attempt to return the following year while Mexico was under a temporary government only to be captured and executed.

When I'm with You (Sparks song)

"When I'm with You" is a 1980 song by Los Angeles band Sparks and taken from their 9th studio album "Terminal Jive". It went to number 1 in France and number 14 in Australia. It did not chart in the United States.

Rhizophysidae

The Rhizophysidae, also known as bouzuniras or rhizophysids, are a family of siphonophores. It includes "Bathyphysa conifera", sometimes called the "flying spaghetti monster".

In Japanese, they are called bouzuniras (ボウズニラ "Bouzunira?") while in English, they are called rhizophysids. The Japanese name for Rhizophysidae, is also used in English. 

The most popular member of this family is "Bathyphysa conifera", which is called the flying spaghetti monster. It is a bathypelagic species.

The Jazz Loft

The Jazz Loft , founded in 2016, is a museum and music venuelocated in New York, USA.

Jazz Loft officially opened in 2016 as a  non-profit organisation. It now has a board of directors comprised of 12 members.

The Jazz Loft functions as a museum, displaying artifacts from the history of jazz, including original recordings, Duke Ellington's pay stubs, and the first Grammy awarded to a jazz musician in 1958.

Acoustic in the Main Room is a rare chance to hear some of the most accomplished musicians and vocalists who routinely perform at the Loft in a casual environment, evoking the New York City loft culture of the 1950s that served as the inspiration for the Jazz Loft's title.

The Jazz Loft, in partnership with Stony Brook University's (SBU) School of Music, presents performances and an active instructional programme. 

Dr. Thomas Manuel, a jazz historian, cornetist, and music educator, is the endowed Artist in Residence Chair in the Jazz Department at Stony Brook University.

Mary Ann Nichols

Mary Ann Nichols, known as Polly Nichols (née Walker; 26 August 184531 August 1888), was the first canonical victim of the unidentified serial killer known as Jack the Ripper. Jack the Ripper is believed to have murdered and mutilated at least five women in and around the Whitechapel district of London from late August to early November 1888.

A person known as the Whitechapel murderer killed two more women, before Nichols was killed. Jack the Ripper most likely did not commit these murders. The murder of Mary Ann Nichols was origininally linked to this series as well. This increased both press and public interest into the criminal activity and general living conditions of the people of the East End of London.

Annie Chapman

Annie Chapman (born Eliza Ann Smith; 25 September 1840 – 8 September 1888) was the second victim of the unidentified serial killer Jack the Ripper. Jack the Ripper is believed to have killed and mutilated at least five women in the Whitechapel and Spitalfields districts of London between late August and early November 1888.

There are previous murders, linked to a person called the Whitechapel murderer. Jack the Ripper likely did not commit them, though. Because of these murders, there had been considerable press and public attention. When Annie Chapman was killed, this generated a state of panic in the East End of London. Police were put under more and more pressure to find the murderer.

Mary Jane Kelly

Mary Jane Kelly ( – 9 November 1888), also known as Marie Jeanette Kelly, Fair Emma, Ginger, Dark Mary and Black Mary, is widely believed to have been the last victim of the unidentified serial killer Jack the Ripper. Jack the Ripper murdered at least five women in the Whitechapel and Spitalfields districts of London between late August and early November 1888. When she was killed, Kelly was about 25 years old, working as a prostitute and living in relative poverty.

The other four victims were different: they had been killed outside. Their mutilations could have been done within minutes. Kelly was murdered inside, in the room that she rented at 13 Miller's Court. This gave her murderer a lot more time to mutilate her. Her murderer disemboweled her as well. Kelly's body was the most mutilated one of all the confirmed victims. Her murderer needed about two hours to perform these mutilations.

Whitechapel murders

The Whitechapel murders is the name for a number of murders which happened in the Whitechapel district of London, between 1888 and 1891. The district lies in what is called the East End of London. Over time, up to 11 murders have been counted as "Whitechapel murders". They happened between 3 April 1888 and 13 February 1891. None of the murders have been resolved.

Some, or all of the murders have been attributed to an unidentified serial killer called Jack the Ripper. At the time when the murders happened, people living in the area were poor. 

Most, if not all, of the victims—Emma Elizabeth Smith, Martha Tabram, Mary Ann "Polly" Nichols, Annie Chapman, Elizabeth Stride, Catherine Eddowes, Mary Jane Kelly, Rose Mylett, Alice McKenzie, Frances Coles, and an unidentified woman—were prostitutes. Smith was sexually assaulted and robbed by a gang. Tabram was stabbed 39 times. Nichols, Chapman, Stride, Eddowes, Kelly, McKenzie and Coles had their throats cut. Eddowes and Stride were murdered on the same night, within approximately an hour and less than a mile apart; their murders are known as the "double event". This was a phrase in a postcard sent to the press by someone who claimed to be the Ripper. The bodies of Nichols, Chapman, Eddowes and Kelly had abdominal mutilations. Mylett was strangled. The body of the unidentified woman was dismembered, but the exact cause of her death is unclear.

The Metropolitan Police, City of London Police, and private organisations such as the Whitechapel Vigilance Committee were actively involved in the search for the person or people who committed the murders. There were several enquiries, and several people were arrested. In the end, the people who committed the crimes were not found. The murders were never solved. The Whitechapel murders drew attention to the poor living conditions in the East End slums, which were improved later. The enduring mystery of who committed the crimes has captured public imagination to the present day.

In the late Victorian era, Whitechapel was known as an area where many poor people lived. There was also a lot of crime in the area. The area around Flower and Dean Street was described as "perhaps the foulest and most dangerous street in the whole metropolis"; Dorset Street was called "the worst street in London". Assistant Police Commissioner Robert Anderson recommended Whitechapel to "those who take an interest in the dangerous classes" as one of London's prime criminal "show places". Robbery, violence and alcohol dependency were common. There was extreme poverty, sub-standard housing, poor sanitation, homelessness, drunkenness and prostitution. 

There were 233 common lodging-houses within Whitechapel, in which approximately 8,500 people slept on a nightly basis. They provided cheap communal lodgings for the desperate, the destitute and the transient, among whom were the Whitechapel murder victims. The nightly price of a single bed was 4d () and the cost of sleeping upon a "lean-to" rope stretched across the bedrooms was 2d for adults or children.

All the identified victims of the Whitechapel murders lived within the heart of the rookery in Spitalfields, including three in George Street (later named Lolesworth Street), two in Dorset Street, two in Flower and Dean Street and one in Thrawl Street.

Police work and criminal prosecutions at the time relied heavily on confessions, witness testimony, and catching people in the act of committing an offence or in the possession of obvious physical evidence that clearly linked them to a crime. Forensic techniques, such as fingerprint analysis, were not in use, and blood typing had not been invented. Policing in London was—and still is—divided between two forces: the Metropolitan Police with jurisdiction over most of the urban area, and the City of London Police with jurisdiction over about a square mile (2.9 km) of the city centre. The Home Secretary, a senior minister of the British government, controlled the Metropolitan Police, whereas the City Police were responsible to the Corporation of London. Beat constables walked regular, timed routes.

Eleven deaths in or near Whitechapel between 1888 and 1891 were gathered into a single file, referred to in the police docket as the Whitechapel murders. Much of the original material has been either stolen, lost, or destroyed.

Alex Katz

Alex Katz (July 24, 1927) is an American artist.

Katz was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1927 and raised in Queens, New York. He went to school at Woodrow Wilson Vocational High School. That school let him make art much of the time.

In 1946 he studied art at Cooper Union in New York City. After that, in the summers of 1949 and 1950, he went to the Skowhegan School of Painting & Sculpture in Maine. In the mid-1950s he bought a house in Lincolnville, Maine.

He had his first art show in 1954. He was friends with many poets in New York, such as Frank O’Hara, James Schuyler, Kenneth Koch, John Ashbery, and Edwin Denby. Many creative people are in his paintings, such as choreographer Paul Taylor, Denby, O’Hara, Allen Ginsberg, Anne Waldman, Ted Berrigan, the filmmaker Rudy Burckhardt, and the dancer Bill T. Jones.

From 2022 to 2023, the Guggenheim Museum showed a large range of Katz's art from his whole career. It was called "Alex Katz: Gathering."

Tracy Chapele

Tracy Chapele, also known as Tracy Chapele-Ugo, is a Nigerian journalist who was credited with being the first Urhobo woman in Udu Kingdom to be given a chieftaincy title in 100 years. In 2021, she attributed her achievement to God, saying, "This tradition that I break is by the grace of God".
She is also a Nigerian pidgin sports commentator. She is known for giving pidgin English sports journalism a large foothold especially among the uneducated people of Nigeria.

She belongs to the Urhobo people in Delta State, daughter of the late Chief Oletu Chapele, the Okugbe of Udu Kingdom. She graduated from the University of Benin with a Bachelor's Degree in English and Literature.
On 25 March 2023, Isaiah Ogedegbe recognized Tracy Chapele's contribution to sports development in Nigeria, describing her as "one of Africa's best female Nigerian pidgin sports commentators".
She worked as a Nigerian pidgin sports commentator with Inspiration 92.3FM, Sports Radio 89.9 Brila FM and Wazobia 95.1 FM, Lagos. She has been on several channels like BBC, Supersports, Channels TV, Plus TV Africa, Star Times, NTA, AIT, Fuze NG, where she has interviewed some of the biggest names in sports.

According to Isaiah Ogedegbe, "She has made many uneducated Nigerians to enjoy sports with her use of Nigerian Pidgin".

Inventory

Inventory refers to physical products or goods that are stored and managed. Inventory may include a wide range of products, from raw materials and components to finished goods and retail merchandise. Depending on the nature of the business or entity, the inventory may be stored in various places such as warehouses, distribution centers, or fulfillment centers.

Florida Man

Florida Man is an Internet meme first made popular in 2013. Florida Man violated social norms. It refers to a lot of male people doing weird actions in the U.S. state of Florida. Internet users usually submit links to news stories and articles about weird or strange crimes and other events happening in Florida. The story usually begins with the words "Florida Man..." followed by the main event of the story. For example: "Florida man breaks into jail to hang with friends." 

Scream VI

Scream VI is a comedy of horror of 2023 the Slasher film is Ghostface with mask his teenage works so scary in Halloween was hired to direct and to write.
And the movie is was hired to direct in October 12, 2018 and was released in December 21, 2018.
Scream VI was released in March 10, 2023.

Jitterbug

Jitterbug is a basic name used to describe swing dancing. It is most related with the lindy hop dance but might add things from the jive, east coast swing, collegiate shag, charleston, balboa and other swing dances.

Swing dancing origins come from the African-American groups of New York City in the early 20th century. a lot of nightclubs had a whites-only or blacks-only policy due to racial segregation, though the Savoy Ballroom in Harlem had a rule which allowed whites and blacks to dance together and it was there that the lindy hop dance thrived, started by dancers such as George Snowden and Frank Manning. The term jitterbug was originally an insult used by african-americans to describe white people who started to dance the lindy hop, as they were dancing faster and jumpier than was intended, like "jittering bugs", although it quickly lost its bad reputation as the more fluid version caught on. Both the lindy hop and the "jitterbug" became popular outside New York City when the dance was featured in Hollywood movies.

Common lodging-house

In Victorian era England, a common lodging-house was a kind of cheap hotel. There were a number of common rooms, which people used for either eating or sleeping. This meant that people who were not part of the same family ate and slept together. Today, the closest equivalent to this would probably be a hostel. 

Very often, criminals and prostitutes lived in such houses. In the mid-19th century, the common lodging houses in London were in a very bad condition. This prompted the Common Lodging Houses Acts 1851 and 1853. These regulations, however proved ineffectual and the requirement that residents leave between 10 a.m. and late afternoon hit poor and sick residents hard, as they were obliged to walk the streets during this time, in all weathers.

Even tighter control was imposed when regulation of common lodging houses was transferred from the police to the London County Council in 1894. This led to higher standards and regular inspection by council officials. The new regulations required the landlords to limewash the walls and ceilings twice a year and the mixed sex accommodation, which was frequently a cover for a brothel, was abolished. Proper beds and bedding had also to be provided instead of mattresses on the floor and worse.

Elizabeth Stride

Elizabeth "Long Liz" Stride ( Gustafsdotter; 27 November 1843 – 30 September 1888) was probably the third victim of the unidentified serial killer known as Jack the Ripper. Jack the Ripper killed and mutilated at least five women in the Whitechapel and Spitalfields districts of London between late August and early November 1888.

Unlike the other four Ripper victims, Stride had not been mutilated after her murder. For this reason, some historians think Stride had not actually been murdered by Jack the Ripper. However, Stride's murder occurred less than one hour before the murder of the Ripper's fourth victim, Catherine Eddowes. The murder occured within walking distance. It is thought that the murderer was disturbed by someone entering the crime scene on a two-wheeled cart. In addition, both women had been murdered by slash wounds to the throat. For these reasons, most authors and researchers consider Stride to be the third of the Ripper's five victims.

Stride was nicknamed "Long Liz". Several explanations have been given for this pseudonym; some believe it sources from her married surname (a stride being a reference to a long step), while others believe this is a reference to either her height, or her general facial structure.

Catherine Eddowes

Catherine Eddowes (14 April 1842 – 30 September 1888) was the fourth of the five victims of the unidentified serial killer known as Jack the Ripper. Jack the Ripper is believed to have killed and mutilated at least five women in the Whitechapel and Spitalfields districts of London between late August and early November 1888.

Eddowes was murdered in the early hours of Sunday 30 September within the City of London. She was the second woman killed within an hour. Elizabeth Stride had already been killed, the same night, likely by the same person. These two murders are commonly referred to as the "double event"; a term which originates from the content of the "Saucy Jacky" postcard received at the Central News Agency on 1 October.

Part of a left human kidney, accompanied by a letter addressed "From Hell" and postmarked 15 October, was later sent to the chairman of the Whitechapel Vigilance Committee, George Lusk. The author of this letter claimed the section of kidney was from Eddowes, whose left kidney had been removed, and that he had fried and eaten the other half. Most experts, however, do not believe this kidney actually originated from Eddowes's body.

Mark V tank

The Mark V tank is a armored vehicle produced by the British Empire during the First World War.

It is a succesor to the Mark IV tank, it includes several improvements to it's predecessor, such as:

A new engine, steering system and transmission. It fell short on some areas like ventilation, which was bad, leading to carbon monoxide poisoning.

Multiple versions of this tank were issued, including armament like 6-pounder guns and machine guns
The Mark V tank was first sent to battle in July 1918, in the final months of The First World War. It was deployed at the , , and on the Hindenburg Line
During the Russian Civil War Mark Vs were delivered to Archangelsk, Tallinn, Estonia, and Novorossiysk, where they were captured and used by the Red Army.

Mary Ball Washington

Mary Ball Washington (30 November 170826 August 1789), was an English colonial American woman who was the second wife of Augustine Washington, a planter and iron ore miner. Mary Ball Washington, and her husband were the parents of George Washington, the first president of the United States. Mary Ball was born on November 30, 1708, as the only child of Colonel Joseph Ball (16491711) and his second wife, Mary Johnson Ball. Joseph Ball immigrated to Virginia as a young child. When Augustine Washington died on April 12, 1743, and when the couple's son, George Washington, inherited his father's property of 276 acres on Ferry Farm and eleven slaves, Mary managed the property for her son George until he became of legal age.
Mary Washington lived most of her life in Fredericksburg, Virginia, where many monuments were erected in her honor, and a university and other public buildings bear her name.

Teddy Castellucci

Theodore Ross Castellucci (born May 18, 1965) is an American film score composer.

Castellucci was born in New York City to Italian immigrants.

Castellucci stated composers like Peter Bernstein, David Newman, Joel Goldsmith, Jean-Michel Jarre, Alan Silvestri, James Horner, Andrea Morricone, Danny Elfman, Georges Delerue, John Barry, Elliot Goldenthal, John Debney, Hans Zimmer, Michael Kamen, Bernard Herrmann, Craig Armstrong, Gustavo Santaolalla, Rolfe Kent, Joseph Williams, Mychael Danna, Alexandre Desplat, David Arnold, Patrick Doyle, Mark Isham, Lalo Schifrin, Dave Grusin, Henry Mancini, Mark Mothersbaugh, Randy Edelman, Michel Legrand, Carter Burwell and John Ottman as influences.

Doraemon (character)

Doraemon is a Japanese Manga and An anime series that is run from 1973 to present (anime) 1969 to 1996 (manga)

Luke Cage

Lucas <nowiki>"Luke"</nowiki> Cage, born Carl Lucas and also known as Power Man, is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Luke Cage first appeared in "Luke Cage, Hero for Hire" #1 (June 1972) and was created by Archie Goodwin, George Tuska, Roy Thomas, and John Romita Sr. He was the first black superhero to be featured as the protagonist and title character of a comic book.

He obtained his powers in an accident in Seagate Prison that left him with near impervious skin and superhuman strength. After legally changing his name, Cage decided to become a "hero for hire" where he would help anyone he came across, but at the cost of a money fee. He would soon take the moniker "Power Man" and became a full-fledged superhero, and became the partner of Iron Fist, Misty Knight, Colleen Wing, Victor Alvarez, and Jessica Jones (his later wife). He is a well known member of the Defenders and the Manhattan Defenders, and was a member of the Secret Avengers, New Avengers, Secret Defenders, Fantastic Four, Marvel Knights, Heroes for Hire, and the Dark Avengers.

Since his debut in the comics, the character has appeared in numerous media, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where he was portrayed by Mike Colter.


Kulturzentrum Bremgarten

Kulturzentrum Bremgarten (KuZeB) is a Swiss community place where events can be held. It began in 1992 as a result of a squat (illegally taken over building). It is located at Zürcherstrasse 2 in Bremgarten. It is an important place for autonomous people in the canton of Aargau and for people who are interested in social, cultural and political issues. There are many events there such as concerts, readings, discussions, information and advice. The buildings are from a former clothing factory that was built in 1893.

It consists of a house and two factory buildings.

The Biedermeier home is located on Obertorplatz in Bremgarten. It was built in 1838 by a builder called Fidel Leimbacher. It housed many famous people before it went to the brothers Max and Simon Meyer. They started a business there in 1893, making clothes for men and for people who work for a job. The factory grew bigger and better. It is a typical example of a small factory and an important example of New Building (this is a special type of building). The core building (main part) is a two-storey Biedermeier house with an attic (a special room under the roof). There are also other parts that were added to the back in 1880, 1911/1912 and 1928/1929.

The "Meyer & Co." factory building was built in 1928/1929. The architect's name is Johann Emil Ganz. It is made of concrete, has a lot of windows and is flat on the top. It follows the ideas of the New Building Movement (a group of people who wanted buildings to look a certain way). There are two big rooms in the building, which measure 12 x 19.6 metres. They are very bright. It is an example of factory architecture of pre-modernism. It shows the rich history of the clothing factory.

Today, the building complex does not look the same. It is included (listed) in the "Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites (ISOS)" (a list of places that are important to Swiss history and culture) because this place is important for Bremgarten.

In June 1990, some young people took control of the buildings. That had not been used for a long time. A Spanish club and a single person lived in the living part of the building. The squatters turned the building into an "autonomous space" (a place where they could do whatever they wanted). They built a half pipe (a U-shaped ramp for skateboarding) and two band rooms (places for musical groups to practice) in the basement. Max Meyer, one of the owners, knew they were using the building, but he did nothing. That's why the authorities couldn't do anything. So the factory project ran until New Year's Day 1991.

In spring 1991, the squatters started the . They wanted to talk about a rent with the owners. But the discussions did not work. In April 1991, the city had said they must leave.

But parties were still held in the old buildings. On 7 December 1991, a group of people with extreme right-wing views entered the factory and tried to take over. The owners had to close the buildings by 15 February 1992. At the same time, the electricity company threatened to cut off the power.

The activists started a fresh attempt to form the organization "KuZeB" to keep up. They made a concept of use and gave it to the owners of the property and the authorities. There was a suggestion to close the building. But the activists argued and asked the owners not to and the owners said yes. The people liked it and the city government confirmed that they never said no to renting.

So 18 March 1992 is the day when the "Kulturzentrum Bremgarten" started.

The Whitsun market was very popular (an annual event). In August 1992, the Spanish club moved away and KuZeB took over the place. On 27 August 1992 KuZeB signed a rental contract which was not returned (agreed to by the other side). But the relatives of the previous owner of the factory still get a small rent since 30 years. The rest is 'squatted'. Now the concept for how the building will be used was put in place bit by bit.

Now, KuZeB is the oldest self-governing social centre in Switzerland, it comes without any public money.

On 7 June 2002, the police of Aargau canton searched the Kulturzentrum Bremgarten. They took a banner that was hanging from the house. The banner had a symbol of a swastika crossed out inside a sign that means "no." The search happened because someone was accused of breaking the law against racism. In a statement, the people who run KuZeB described the action as both strange and a form of political satire.

Authorities tried to control the KuZeB. They made a rule which would have put the centre under the rules for providing a place to stay. That would have meant the end of KuZeB. But the government decided that KuZeB should not be thought of as a business and so was not covered by the hospitality law.

On 29 May 2018, a group of police searched the buildings. A young man from Aargau is suspected of having done bad things in Hamburg during the G20 riots. He was not there when the police searched. But they searched his home and the social centre anyway and took many data carriers (things that can store information, like a computer or a phone). Later he was arrested (taken into custody) near Winterthur.

Andreas Glarner is a hardliner of the SVP (Swiss People's Party, a party and politician who holds strong right-wing views). He wants to remove the KuZeB. Max Meyer has people who want to buy the KuZeB, but he doesn't want to sell it. Bremgarten had been in the news in 2013. Asylum seekers (people looking for safety) were forbidden to go to public institutions. Glarner said that he would buy the building to prevent asylum seekers from going to KuZeB. Then unknown persons sprayed paint the meeting place of the SVP general meeting. Now Glarner is even more against the KuZeB.

The KuZeB has many things to offer. There are concerts, readings, film screenings and lectures. It has two stages with bars, a cinema (for watching films), a hackerspace (for people interested in computer technology), a freeshop (a shop where people can get things for free), an infoshop (a shop where people can get information), studios for sewing (using fabric to make clothes), printing and painting. It also has a wood and metal workshop (for making things out of wood or metal), a multi-purpose hall (a room for many different kinds of activities) with a half-pipe (for skateboarding) and a fitness area (for exercising), a room for bands (for rehearsing music) and a large garden. You can do a lot there.

KuZeB wants to find new ways in which everyone has equal rights and responsibilities. These ideas include humanity (being kind and caring), solidarity (working together), freedom of expression (being able to say what you think), trust (believing people), integration (bringing different people together), diversity (having different types of people) and openness (being welcoming). These paths are to show others that there are other possibilities. The association offers young people the chance to try out their ideas.



Ghost Rider

Ghost Rider is the name of the fictional character, superhero and anti-hero from Marvel Comics and its universe, appearing as the titular protagonist of the "Ghost Rider" comics. The Ghost Rider is Zarathos, the spirit of vengeance who goes into host and battles against his archenemy Mephisto and punishes evil when around it.

There are multiple incarnations of the character, the first being Johnny Blaze, a stunt motorcyclist who made a deal with the devil to save his adoptive father. The second incarnation was Danny Ketch, who was later revealed to the younger brother of Johnny Blaze, who gained the power of the Ghost when coming into contact with a motorcycle that had the essence of the Spirit of Vengeance. The third Ghost Rider is Robbie Reyes, a young mechanic and street racer who gained the power from a car he used in a street race.

Johnny Blaze was created by Roy Thomas, the late Gary Friedrich and Mike Ploog, and first appeared in "Marvel Spotlight # 5" in August of 1972. Danny Ketch was created by Howard Mackie and Javier Saltares, and first appeared in "Ghost Rider Vol. 3 # 1" in May of 1990. Robbie Reyes was created by Felipe Smith and Tradd Moore, and first appeared in "All-New Ghost Rider # 1" in March of 2014.

In May 2011, Ghost Rider placed 90th on IGN's "Top 100 Comic Book Heroes" list. Nicolas Cage starred as the Johnny Blaze incarnation of the character in the 2007 movie "Ghost Rider" and its 2012 sequel, "". Gabriel Luna and Tom McComas portray the Robbie Reyes and Johnny Blaze incarnations in the fourth season of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) television series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."

Blackheart

Blackheart is a fictional demonic entity from Marvel Comics and the son of Mephisto, as such he is a creature of immense supernatural power and pure evil that is comparable to an arch-demon in status: although not quite as powerful as his father, Blackheart is more than a match for any of Earth's heroes and has faced many of Marvel's greatest heroes in battle. He serves as one of Ghost Rider's main enemies.

The character is played by actor Wes Bentley in the 2007 supernatural movie, "Ghost Rider".

Venom (character)

Venom is an supervillain turned-antihero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, as well as in the "Spider-Man" franchise. He is one of Spider-Man's archenemies later turned rival. The name has belonged to several different hosts over the years, which means that Venom is indeed the identity of this particular alien Symbiote. One of the most known versions of the character is Eddie Brock. The Symbiote named itself Venom and considered itself as a venom for Spider-Man.

The character appears in action figures, television series, and video games. In movies, the Eddie Brock version is portrayed by actors Topher Grace and Tom Hardy.

Sandman (Marvel Comics)

Sandman (William Baker, better known as Flint Marko) is a character and antagonist in Marvel Comics, typically serving as an enemy of Spider-Man. He is a supervillain who can control and manipulate sand. Sandman was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Steve Ditko. He started out as a recurring adversary to the superhero Spider-Man, has been slowly redeemed over time, eventually becoming an antihero. The Sandman has also been an enemy of the Fantastic Four and is a founding member of the supervillain teams the Sinister Six and the Frightful Four.

The character has been adapted into various other media incarnations of Spider-Man, including films, television series, and video games. In live-action, he was portrayed by Thomas Haden Church in "Spider-Man 3" (2007) and the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie "" (2021). A creature based on the Sandman appeared in the MCU film "" (2019), which was actually an illusion created by a series of drones operated by Mysterio. In 2009, the Sandman was ranked as IGN's 72nd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.


Star Sapphire (DC Comics)

Star Sapphire is the name of several characters in the DC Comics universe, all connected in origin. The most prominent of them has been Carol Ferris, the sometime girlfriend of Hal Jordan, better known as Green Lantern. When possessed by the Star Sapphire gem she exhibits powers similar to a Green Lantern, including force blasts, a protective shield and flight. She was revealed to be only one of a series of Star Sapphires empowered by a race of females known as Zamarons. They have recently expanded their influence with the creation of a Star Sapphire Corps, also known as the Violet Lantern Corps. The first character under the name of Star Sapphire was created by Robert Kanigher and Lee Elias, first appearing in "All-Flash" #32.

Madame Web

Madame Web (Cassandra Webb) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Madame Web first appeared in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #210, published November 1980, and was created by the late writer Denny O'Neil and artist John Romita, Jr. She is usually depicted as a supporting character in the Spider-Man comic book series. She is depicted as an elder woman with myasthenia gravis and thus was connected to a life support system that looked like a spider web. Due to her age and medical condition Madame Web never actively fought any villains. 

The character has appeared in television series, action figures, and video games. Actress Dakota Johnson portrays Madame Web in an solo movie of the same name set in Sony's Spider-Man Universe.

Morbius, the Living Vampire

Morbius, the Living Vampire and better known as Dr. Michael Morbius, is a fictional character and villain turned anti-hero in the Marvel Comics universe, and a (former) member of the rogues gallery of Spider-Man, Blade, Ghost Rider and Doctor Strange.

He was a famous biochemist who was suffering from a debilitating blood disease, and injected himself with vampire bat DNA in hopes of curing himself, but became a living vampire. Despite being introduced as an antagonist of a few heroes, in some versions of the universe, he is an anti-hero who has worked with Spider-Man and Blade, and was a member of the Legion of Monsters and the Midnight Sons.

He was created by Roy Thomas and Gil Kane, and first appeared in "Amazing Spider-Man #101" in October of 1971.

In "", he was voiced by Nick Jameson. In the Sony's Spider-Man Universe, he is portrayed by Jared Leto in the 2022 titular film of the same name.


Chameleon (character)

The Chameleon (Dmitri Smerdyakov) is a fictional character, a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Commonly depicted as a master of disguise and the half-brother of Kraven the Hunter, the Chameleon is known as being the first supervillain for Spider-Man to face by first appearing in the original issue of "The Amazing Spider-Man".

The character has appeared in several Spider-Man media adaptations over the years, including animated television series and video games. In live-action, Numan Acar portrayed Smerdyakov in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie "" (2019), while Fred Hechinger is set to appear as the character in the upcoming Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU) movie "Kraven the Hunter" (2023).

Pink Panther (character)

The Pink Panther is the main character in the franchise with the same name. His popularity spawned a series of theatrical shorts, merchandise, a comic book, and television cartoons. He starred in 124 shorts (either theatrical or televised), 10 television shows and three prime time specials. He's also known as Nathu and Pangu in East and South Asia and Paulchen Panther (Little Paul the Panther) in Germany. He is voiced by Rich Little in "The Pink Panther Show" in two episodes "Sink Pink" and "Pink" "Ice". Matt Frewer in "The Pink Panther" the 1993 reboot of The Pink Panther Show.


One More Try (George Michael song)

"One More Try" is a 1988 song by George Michael and is the fourth single from his debut studio album "Faith". It topped the single charts in Canada, Ireland and the United States. It also reached the top 20 in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Finland, France, Iceland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

"One More Try" 

Wasting Love

"Wasting Love" is a 1992 song by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden and is the third single from their ninth studio album "Fear of the Dark". It was only released in the Netherlands and in Spain.


Dancing with Strangers

Dancing with Strangers is the ninth studio album by English singer Chris Rea and released in September, 1987 through Magnet Records. It topped the album charts in New Zealand and went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, making its first major success in the United Kingdom.

All songs by Chris Rea.

"Tracks 12, 13 and 14 are bonus tracks not available on the initial LP release."

Index (database)

A database index is any data structure that improves the performance of lookup and sorting compared to a full table scan, for example, or a full DB scan. As well as traditional SQL DBs or Relational DB Management Systems (RDBMS), indexing is also implemented by most noSQL DBs for semi-structured data, such as Document DBs and Graph DBs. 

There are many different data structures used for indexes, partly depending on the type of database. In an RDBMS, for example, this could be thought of as making the chosen index column faster to search than an unindexed version of the column, thereby finding that whole row faster. 

Different types of database also have different limitations regarding indices. Some Document DBs, for example, will not return any data to a query if that data is not indexed.

The benefits of indexing is not without cost. There are trade-offs involving lookup performance, index size, and index-update performance. As so often with design, this means that the best way to set up your indexing depends on your intended usage and resources.

Alan Wilder

Alan Wilder (born 1 June 1959) was a member of Depeche Mode from 1982 until 1995. He replaced Vince Clarke. He is in the band Recoil, his solo venture which he formed in 1986 as a side project.

Vince Clarke

Vince Clarke (born 3 July 1960) was the original lead songwriter for Depeche Mode. He was in the band from 1980 until 1981. He formed Yazoo in late 1981 with Alison Moyet. Yazoo ended in 1983 then in late 1983 The Assembly was formed. They only made two songs. Clarke then helped his best friend Robert Marlow to make the album "The Peter Pan Effect" in 1983, that was later released in 1999. In 1985, he formed Erasure.

Mute Records

mute records is a record company founded in 1978 In England they have lots of bands singed to them such as Depeche mode Erasure and Nick cave and the badseeds and fad gadget the first artist because fad gadget was artist to sign to Mute Records In 1978 and the The normal also signed in 1978 and Yazoo in 1981

Sweat It Out (Jimmy Barnes song)

"Sweat It Out" is a 1993 song by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and was released as the lead single from his sixth studio album "Heat". It went to number 11 in Australia and number 30 in New Zealand.


Say It Isn't So (Bon Jovi song)

"Say It Isn't So" is a 2000 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and is the second single from their seventh studio album "Crush". It went to the top 10 in Australia, Scotland and the United Kingdom.

Australasian CD1

Australasian CD2

Japanese CD single

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK cassette single and European CD single

European maxi-CD single

Rusty Rivets

Rusty Rivets is a 2016-20 Canadian CGI children's animated educational preschool television series produced by Arc Productions/Jam Filled Toronto and distributed by Spin Master Entertainment and aired on Nickelodeon and Nick Jr. in the United States and Treehouse TV in Canada.

Cleanth Brooks

Cleanth Brooks (October 16, 1906 – May 10, 1994) was an American literary critic and teacher.

Brooks was born in Murray, Kentucky. He went to college at Vanderbilt University and Tulane University. He was a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University.

He wrote "Understanding Poetry" in 1938 with poet Robert Penn Warren. This helped to begin a way of looking at literature that is called "The New Criticism." He taught at Yale University from 1946 until 1975.


Language poetry

Language poetry is a different way of thinking about poetry that began in the late 1960’s and early 1970’s. It was a reaction to the usual ways of writing poetry in America. It came from poets in San Francisco and New York City. The poems were printed in "L=A=N=G=U=A=G=E" and other magazines.

Language poems made readers think about how words (spoken or written) could come before meanings. Meanings are made by language. "By breaking up poetic language, the poet is requiring the reader to find a new way to approach the text."

Some poets who are connected to this way of writing are Charles Bernstein, Bruce Andrews, Barrett Watten, Lyn Hejinian, Ron Silliman, and Rae Armantrout.


Rubble &amp; Crew

Rubble & Crew is a Canadian computer-animated children's television series and a Spin-off of Spin Master's PAW Patrol brand produced by Spin Master Entertainment with animation provided by Jam Filled Toronto. Corus Entertainment. also receives a production credit on the series.
Huayna Capac

Huayna Cápac, who lived in 14681524 and was emperor of the Inca empire from 1493 to 1527. He succeeded his father Tupac Inca Yupanqui.

Rodney Slater (musician)

Rodney Desborough Slater (born on the 8th of November 1941) is an English comedic musician. He is best known for being a member of The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band. 

He and Vivian Stanshall formed, what would become, the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band on the 25th of September 1962 in Slater's house. Slater released his first solo album in 2017, titled "Parrotopia!"

Larry Smith (musician)

Larry Smith, also known as "Legs" Larry Smith (born on the 18th of January 1944) is an English drummer, best known as the drummer for the comedy group the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band. 

In the 1970s, Smith worked alot with George Harrison. Harrison's song "His Name Is Legs", is about Larry.

The Nightmare of Druaga: Fushigi no Dungeon

The Nightmare of Druaga: Fushigi no Adventure is a 2004 roguelike video game developed by Arika, Chunsoft, and Matrix Software and published in Japan by Arika (the North America version was published by Namco). It is sequel to "The Tower of Druaga" and the eight installment of "Mystery Dungeon" franchises.

Rhino (Marvel Comics)

Rhino (Aleksei Sytsevich) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is a supporting antagonist in Spider-Man comic book series and a minor antagonist in the Marvel Universe. The character was created by writer Stan Lee and artist John Romita Sr., and first appeared in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #41 (Oct. 1966). He is a Russian immigrant who was succumbed to radioactive testing, granting him powerful superhuman strength and durability. He was also given a suit of tough, rhinoceros-like armor and horns for even more destructive capabilities. He is mostly on Spider-Man's rogues gallery, but sometimes clashes with Hulk too.

One of Spider-Man's most prominent adversaries, the Rhino has been adapted into various forms of media since his original debut in the Silver Age of Comic Books, including animated television series and video games. He has also featured in Marvel merchandise such as action figures and trading cards.

American actor Paul Giamatti played a version of Aleksei Sytsevich who uses a rhinoceros-themed battle armor, similar to the character's Ultimate Marvel incarnation, in the 2014 movie "The Amazing Spider-Man 2". He will be played by Alessandro Nivola in the 2024 upcoming movie "Kraven the Hunter", set in Sony's Spider-Man Universe.
Star-Lord

Star-Lord (Peter Quill) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, and is the leader of the Guardians of the Galaxy. The character was created by Bill Mantlo, Steve Englehart, and Gray Morrow. A self-proclaimed <nowiki>"</nowiki>outlaw<nowiki>"</nowiki>, Star-Lord was a member of the space thieves Ravagers who later formed a team with Gamora, Rocket Raccoon, Drax the Destroyer, and Groot to stop the evil Ronan the Accuser, and later to both protect the galaxy from threats, while at the same time getting paid for services.

He is a major character of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. He is played by American actor Chris Pratt and is the protagonist of the "Guardians of the Galaxy" movie series, also appearing in "" (2018), and "" (2019).


Dondinho

João Ramos do Nascimento (2 October 1917 – 16 November 1996), nicknamed Dondinho, was a Brazilian footballer who played as a centre forward. He was the father, mentor (respected teacher) and trainer of Pelé. During his own playing career, Dondinho played for a number of clubs including Fluminense and had also an opportunity to play for Atlético Mineiro.

SDSS J1229+1122

SDSS J1229+1122 (SDSS J122952.66+112227.8) is a blue supergiant O-type star in the tail of dwarf irregular galaxy IC 3418. It illuminates a nebula clump of gas, and was discovered from the spectrum of the illumination source. The clump of gas lives in a tail caused by ram pressure stripping of gas from the galaxy by the galaxy cluster. It was decided to be a blue supergiant through analysis of its spectrum.

Until the discovery of the doubly gravitationally lensed MACS J1149 Lensed Star 1 (also known as Icarus) in 2018, SDSS J1229+1122 was the most distant-known star, at (stars more distant than this are only known through events that they cause, such as stellar explosions of supernovae and gamma ray bursts). (The record for the most distant star is, as of June 2017, a strongly lensed star at .) The discovery was made by Drs. Youichi Ohyama and Ananda Hota, using the Subaru Telescope.

The star and its galaxy are in the Virgo Cluster of galaxies. The clump of gas that the star illuminates is referred to as "D3" or "IC3418 D3", and lies within a filamentary structure referred to as "F1" or "IC3418 F1". The galactic tail and all within it are escaping the galaxy to become intracluster flotsam (flotsam means trash), unattached to any galaxy, just the cluster.

Stand by Your Man

"Stand by Your Man" is a 1968 song by American country singer Tammy Wynette and is the title track from her studio album of the same name. It went to number 1 in Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Belgium, the Netherlands, number 9 in Australia, number 19 in the United States and number 31 in New Zealand.

Scared to Be Lonely

"Scared to Be Lonely" is a 2017 song by Dutch DJ Martin Garrix and English singer Dua Lipa. It went to the top ten in Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Malaysia, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Scotland, Slovakia, Sweden and Switzerland. It also reached #14 in Australia and the United Kingdom, #12 in Ireland and #76 in the United States.









CNU (singer)

Shin Dong-woo (, born June 16, 1991), better known by his stage name CNU, is a South Korean singer and actor. He is best known for being a member of the South Korean boy group B1A4. In 2012, he appeared in the KBS sitcom "Sent from Heaven".

Patty Aubery

Patty Aubery is an American author from . She wrote some books like "Chicken Soup for the Soul" series, including "Chicken Soup for the Christian Soul."

A leader of women's rights, Aubery wrote a book for women only, "Chicken Soup for the Christian Woman's Soul." The book tells stories of women facing challenges, difficult times and renewing faith. The chapters contain Faith, Family Love, God's Healing Power, Friendship, Making a Difference, Challenges and Wonders. 

She was on the program ""Wake!"" on TV in 2015. In 2017 she was also in the movie "Soul of Success." Her writings drew attention within the self-help genre. She is a contributor to several books in the area of self-help, mind and body, training, life struggle, money, success, and innovation. Author Lisa Nichols wrote that Aubery "was a force for possibility". Many people think her books are important to to read.. 

Chicken Soup for the Christian Soul by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen and Patty Aubery, 

Chicken Soup for the Christian Woman's Soul by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen and Patty Aubery, 

Chicken Soup for the New Mom's Soul by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen and Patty Aubery 

Chicken Soup for the Sister's Soul by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen and Patty Aubery 

Chicken Soup for the Beach Lover's Soul by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen and Patty Aubery 

Chicken Soup for the Father & Daughter Soul by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen and Patty Aubery 

Chicken Soup for the Christian Teenage Soul by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen and Patty Aubery 

Chicken Soup for the Expectant Mother's Soul by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen and Patty Aubery 

Chicken Soup for the Cancer Survivor's Soul by Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen and Patty Aubery 

Chicken Soup for the Surviving Soul by Jack Canfield, Bernie S. Siegel, and Patty Aubery. 

Permission Granted by Kate Butler Cpsc and Patty Aubery. 

Capture Your Power by Patty Aubery and Mark Mirkovich. 

Chengiz

Chengiz () is a 2023 Indian Bengali language action thriller movie. The movie was directed by Rajesh Ganguly and written by Neeraj Pandey and Rajesh Ganguly. The movie stars Jeet in the titular role and the supporting cast includes Sushmita Chatterjee, Rohit Roy and Shataf Figar. The movie was made under the banner of Grassroot Entertainment, Jeetz Filmworks and AA Films.


Climate of Denmark

Denmark has an oceanic climate. 
Most of the time, winters and summers are mild.

The highest temperature ever recorded in Denmark was on 10 August 1975 in Holstebro. 

The lowest temperature ever recorded in Denmark was on 8 January 1982 in Hørsted.

Tuffy Mouse

Tuffy "Nibbles" Mouse is a tritagonist character of the "Tom and Jerry" universe. 

Big tent party

A big tent party, or catch-all party, is a political party that contains a broad spectrum of views along its members. This is in contrast to other kinds of parties, which defend a determined ideology, seek voters who adhere to that ideology, and attempt to convince people towards it. 

Spike and Tyke Bulldog

Spike Bulldog and Tyke Bulldog is one of the duo characters in the "Tom and Jerry". as Spike is the anti-hero/villain bulldog character of the franchise. 

Nkem Owoh

Nkem Owoh (born on 7 February 1946) is a Nigerian actor, comedian and musician. He is one of the "A-list actors from Nigeria's film industry, Nollywood". In 2008, he won the African Movie Academy Award for "Best Actor in a Leading Role" for his role in the Nigerian film, "Stronger than Pain".
He is also known for performing the song "Know Me When Am Poor" about social relationships. On 26 March 2023, Isaiah Ogedegbe wrote that according to "both Archbishop Arikoro's and Nkem Owoh's assertions", good social relationships between rich and poor people before the time of need are key to improving the human condition.

Hagar

Hagar was an Egyptian woman who was given as a servant to Abraham. When Abraham’s wife Sarah couldn’t have children, Sarah told Abraham to marry Hagar. Then Abraham married Hagar and she became pregnant and then became arrogant so Sarah treated her badly and then she ran away but an angel told Hagar to go back to Abraham because the Almighty would be with her, help her and protect her. Hagar came back and gave birth to a son, Ishmael. After Sarah gave birth to Isaac, she told Abraham to banish both Hagar and her son. Then the Almighty told Abraham to listen to his wife Sarah, so Abraham sent Hagar and Ishmael away with water that they could use to survive. When Ishmael got sick, Hagar gave him all the water she had and when she needed more for him, an angel gave it to her so she could save Ishmael. Ishmael then became the ancestor of the Ishmaelites.

Push (Matchbox Twenty song)

"Push" is a 1997 song by Matchbox Twenty and is the second single from their debut studio album "Yourself of Someone Like You". It went to number 6 in Australia, number 8 in Canada, number 14 in the Netherlands, number 30 in Scotland, number 38 in the United Kingdom and number 91 in Germany. It deals with domestic violence.



Savitar (DC Comics)

Savitar is a fictional supervillain and an antagonist in DC Comics appearing in the Flash comics. He is an immensely powerful speedster who leads a cult that worships the Speed Force. He desires to drain any enemy speedster of their powers in order to live up to his name as a god. He has fought many speedsters, including Wally West, Jay Garrick, and Barry Allen.

A variation of the character appeared in the third season of The CW's live-action television series "The Flash", played by Grant Gustin, and voiced by Tobin Bell.


Drax the Destroyer

Drax the Destroyer (Arthur Sampson Douglas) is a fictional character and superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics and its universe. He was created by Mike Friedrich and Jim Starlin and first appeared in "The Invincible Iron Man" #55 in February of 1973.

He lost his family from the Mad Titan Thanos. His main goal was to defeat Thanos. Drax would become a hero and a member of the Guardians of the Galaxy, and is an ally of the Avengers.

Drax has been featured in a variety of associated Marvel merchandise, including animated television series, action figures, and video games. American actor Dave Bautista portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Guardians of the Galaxy" (2014), "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" (2017), "" (2018), "" (2019), and "" (2022) and "The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special" (2022 television movie). Drax also appears in the Disney+ animated series "What If..?" (2021).


Fade to Black (song)

"Fade to Black" is a 1984 song by thrash metal band Metallica and taken from their second album Ride the Lightning. It was released as a promotion single and was ranked 24th best guitar solo ever by Guitar World readers.

Iman Vellani

Iman Vellani (born August 12, 2002) is a Pakistani-Canadian actress. She is known for the Disney+ miniseries "Ms. Marvel" as the protagonist Kamala Khan / Ms. Marvel, a role she reprised in the movie "The Marvels" (2023).

End of the Road (Boyz II Men song)

"End of the Road" is a 1992 song by Boyz II Men and taken from the 1992 movie "Boomerang". It topped the single charts in Australia, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States and also went to the top 10 in Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Norway, Panama, Sweden and Switzerland. It won two Grammy Awards in 1993.




Tax resistance in Indonesia

Tax resistance in Indonesia has been practiced since at least colonial times, and has played an important role in Indonesian history.

Tax resistance is a refusal to pay taxes, usually by bypassing established legal norms, as a means of protest, non-violent resistance, or conscientious objection.

At the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century, the figure of Samin Surosentiko appeared, a figure of "Sedulur Sikep". This movement is known for their attitude of "refusing" to pay taxes to the colonial government. But Samin did not take up arms against him. He avoided violence and chose to fight by refusing to pay taxes. For Samin, land, water and wood belong to everyone. It should not be concentrated and monopolized by one party.


Gongchan

Gong Chan-sik (born August 14, 1993), better known by his stage name Gongchan, is a South Korean singer and actor. He is a member of the South Korean boy group B1A4, formed under the label WM Entertainment.

Gongchan was confirmed by WM to be exempted from mandatory military service due to health reasons.

Sandeul

Lee Jung-hwan (; born March 20, 1992), better known by his stage name Sandeul () is a South Korean singer-songwriter. He is a member of the South Korean boy group B1A4, that debuted on April 23, 2011. He debuted as a solo artist on October 4, 2016.

Sandeul enlisted in the military on November 11, 2021, after completing five weeks of compulsory training, after which Sandeul will serve as a social worker.


Ryeoun

Go Yoon-hwan (; born August 26, 1998), better known by his stage name Ryeoun (), is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in "18 Again" (2020), "The World of My 17" (2020) and "Adult Trainee" (2021).


Jung Gun-joo

Jung Gun-joo (; born May 26, 1995) is a South Korean actor. He has starred in several web dramas before venturing into TV broadcasts.

Jung served in the mandatory military service at the age of 21 during his university days. And he has a barista license based on his experience working part-time at a coffee shop.


Blade (character)

Blade (real name Eric Brooks), also known as the Daywalker, is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He was created by Marv Wolfman, and the late Gene Colan, and first appeared in "Tomb of Dracula" in July of 1973. A half-vampire hybrid and a vampire hunter of the Marvel Universe, he appears as the main portagonist of the titular comics, and a supporting character in other individual's comics.

Born Eric Brooks, became a dhampir after the vampire Deacon Frost feasted on his mother while he was still in the womb. As a result, Brooks can walk into the daylight without being burnt to death. He was eventually trained to fight the undead, and would later become an ally of many superheroes and monsters within the Marvel Universe. He is also a member of the Avengers and the Midnight Sons, where he protects the world from supernatural and otherworldly threats.

Since his debut in the comics, Blade has appeared in numerous media, such as in his own titular movies, TV series, and video games. He was portrayed by Wesley Snipes and the "Blade" trilogy, Sticky Fingaz in live-action TV series, and by Mahershala Ali in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
List of Sweden Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Swedish Twenty20 International cricketers who have played for the Sweden cricket team.

Never Turn Your Back on Mother Earth

"Never Turn Your Back on Mother Earth" is a 1974 song by Los Angeles band Sparks and is the lead single from their fourth studio album "Propaganda". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom and number 40 in Germany. It did not chart in the United States. It was covered by Depeche Mode in 1987.


Thiant

Thiant is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,999 people lived there.


Methven, New Zealand

Methven () is a small town in Canterbury, New Zealand. It is located on State Highway 77. It is 35 kilometers northwest of Ashburton and 95 kilometers west of Christchurch. It has three schools in the town and is near the skifield of Mount Hutt and has the Staveley ice skating rink nearly.

Passing Strangers

"Passing Strangers" is a 1980 song by British new wave band Ultravox and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Vienna". It went to number 57 in the United Kingdom and did not chart elsewhere.



Magma chamber

A magma chamber is a large pool of liquid rock under the surface of the Earth. 

The molten rock, or magma, in such a chamber is less dense than the surrounding rock. This produces buoyant forces on the magma that tend to drive it upwards. 

If the magma finds a path to the surface, then the result may be a volcanic eruption. Many volcanoes sit over magma chambers. 
These chambers are hard to detect if they are deep within the Earth. Most of those known are close to the surface.

Willies, Nord

Willies is a commune in Nord in north France. It is 10 kilometers southeast of Maubeuge. In 2019, 136 people lived there.


Coinmarketcap

Coinmarketcap is a website that provides information on the prices and market capitalizations of various cryptocurrencies.

Coinmarketcap was founded in 2013 by Brandon Chez. In 2020, CMC was acquired by Binance but runs independently. CMC launched an educational rewards program in 2020, and a educational portal called CMC Alexandria in 2021. In December 2021, CMC experienced technical glitches with cryptocurrency prices for a short period. In November 2021, Coinmarketcap helped the Vice, New York Times and some other media to detect the meme coin called Squid Game as a fraud scheme. The website is also a source for crypto exchanges rankings. For instance, Kraken is named as the second largest US cryptocurrencies exchange by the New York Times who reference to Coinmarketcap.

Coinbase

Coinbase is a company that lets people buy and sell cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin. It's a big company in the US and was started by two people in 2012. The company doesn't have a physical headquarters and all the employees work from home. In 2020, Coinbase decided to close its San Francisco office and operate entirely remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which was a trend seen in many other tech companies at the time.

List of colors by hue

This is a list of colors based on hue.

1st row: The 9 colors you are probably familiar with (except for Lavender) as web colors.

2nd row: Darker versions of the 9 above colors. Instead of lavender, Purple made it in as a web color. These are commonly used to compliment the above colors.

3rd row: Even darker versions usually used on their own.

4th row: These colors are rarely used and thus there is no consensus (agreement) as to what these colors should be named (except for Chocolate and Teal).

5th row: At 0 value, all hues will show black.

Handelsakademie

Handelsakademie (often shortened to HAK, roughly translates to academy of trade) is a specialized school in Austria. These schools are focused on economics. After five years, they terminate with Matura (A-Levels) , which means their pupils get the opportunty to study at university level. Pupils are usually between 14 and 19 years old. 

Usually, pupils learn German, and two foreign languages. They also have branches such as ecoomics, and computer science. In addition to the normal curriculum, some schools offer evening classes. This means that people can get the same subject matter in four years, usually. Some also offer specialized classes that teach the subject matter in three years, for people who already have an education. The special forms are more common in urban areas.

The first such schools were opened in 1856 in Prague, and 1857 in Vienna. At that time, Prague, and Vienna were both part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. 

These schools also exist in the Czech Republic and in Slovakia. 

List of Arecaceae genera

This is a list of all genera in Arecaceae. Species with suitable images are added under them. 

NOTE: This list is currently incomplete (and will always be incomplete for species) and will be updated soon.

Walk of Life (Billie Piper song)

"Walk of Life" is a 2000 song by Billie Piper and is the third and final single and is the title track from her second studio album "Walk of Life". It peaked at number 25 in the United Kingdom and number 66 in Switzerland. It did not chart in Australia and New Zealand.

UK CD1 

UK CD2 

UK cassette single 

European CD single 

Night school

Night school is a special form of school. It targets adults, who usually work during the day. For this reason, the classes are held in the evening, and sometimes during the night. The focus of the kinds of education these schools is to either get a certification to study at university level, or to get further qualifications for the work people are currently doing. As the classes are held in the evening, these schools are sometimes called evening school as well.

Cosmic Quantum Ray

Cosmic Quantum Ray is a CGI-animated television series. It is produced and made in the year of 2007.

Trevor Winkfield

Trevor Winkfield (born 1944) is a British-born artist and writer. 

Winkfield was born in Leeds, England in 1944. 

He studied at the Leeds College of Art. He received an M. A. from the Royal College of Art in London.

He moved from London to New York City in 1969. He is connected to the New York School of poets and painters.

Critic John Yau has said, "He never bought into the idea that art should be universal, on the surface, or understood immediately."


Area code 214

Area code 214 is an area code for Texas. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the eastern portion of Texas but after it was split by 903 in 1990. It now covers only the Dallas portion. It was overlaid by 972 in 1996, 469 in 1999, and 945 in 2021.

Area code 216

Area code 216 is an area code for Ohio. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the northeastern portion of Ohio but after it was split by 330 in 1996 and 440 in 1997, it now covers only the Cleveland portion of Ohio.

Saul Goodman

James "Jimmy" McGill (business name Saul Goodman) is a fictional character in the TV series Breaking Bad and the protagonist of the spin-off TV series Better Call Saul played by actor Bob Odenkirk. He is a major character in the Breaking Bad franchise by Vince Gilligan. Saul Goodman is a lawyer based in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and is the brother of Charles "Chuck" McGill.

Achill Island

Achill is a large island in Ireland off the coast of County Mayo, it is the biggest island owned by Ireland. Popular tourist destinations include, the cliffs of Croaghaun, The Minaun Cliffs, The deserted village and the Compass Bar.

Neoplatonism

Neoplatonism is a thought form rooted in the philosophy of Plato (c. 428-347 B.C.E.), but extending beyond or transforming it in many respects. Neoplatonism developed as a school of thought in the Roman Empire from the third to the fifth century of the common era (C.E.).

Salford Quays

Salford Quays is an area of Salford, at the end of the Manchester Ship Canal. It was the site of Manchester Docks, which were opened in 1894 by Queen Victoria. In 1983, Salford City Council bought a lot of the land. They started by cleaning the water and stocking it with fish.

The Salford Quays Centre for the Performing Arts opened in 2000 and is known as The Lowry. MediaCityUK followed. It has both broadcasters and shops.

MediaCityUK

MediaCityUK is a 200-acre (81 ha) development on the banks of the Manchester Ship Canal in Salford. ITV Granada and the BBC work there and there is a large shopping centre. It has its own Manchester Metrolink stop.

Imperial War Museum North

The Imperial War Museum North is a museum in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford. Its building is on the south side of the Manchester Ship Canal opposite MediaCityUK. It is part of the Imperial War Museum whose main office is in Southwark. 

The building was designed by architect Daniel Libeskind. It opened in July 2002, with 470,000 visitors in its first year. It is a prime example of Deconstructivist architecture. 

Inside there is a Russian T-34 tank, a United States Marine Corps AV-8B Harrier jet and the 13-pounder field gun which fired the British Army's first shot of the First World War. Outside there is an ex-Iraqi Army T-55 tank which was captured by the Royal Engineers during the Iraq War in 2003.

The exhibitions at the museum are frequently changed.

Norris (surname)

Norris is an English surname.


Metropolitan Borough of Sefton

The Metropolitan Borough of Sefton is a metropolitan borough of Merseyside. It was formed on 1 April 1974, by the amalgamation of the county boroughs of Bootle and Southport, the municipal borough of Crosby, the urban districts of Formby and Litherland, and part of West Lancashire Rural District.

Sandwell

Sandwell is a metropolitan borough of the West Midlands county. It is named after the Sandwell Priory, and is densely populated. It includes the six towns of Oldbury, Rowley Regis, Smethwick, Tipton, Wednesbury, and West Bromwich. West Bromwich is the largest town in the borough.

At the 2021 census, the borough had a population of 341,832 and an area of 86 square kilometres (33 sq mi).

Gare du Nord

The Gare du Nord ( [ɡaʁ dy nɔːʁ]; English: "North Station"), officially Paris-Nord, is one of the seven large mainline railway station in Paris, France. It is for the trains that run between the capital and northern France via the Paris–Lille railway, and to Belgium, Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. It is in the northern part of Paris near the Gare de l'Est in the 10th arrondissement. There are several urban transport lines, including Paris Métro, the Réseau Express Régional and buses. The most of its passengers are commuters travelling between the northern suburbs of Paris and towns. It is the busiest railway station in Europe by total passenger numbers; in 2015 there were more than 700,000 passengers per day.

The first station on the site was started in 1846. The present building was opened in 1864, and it is being developed and made bigger. 

Calderdale

Calderdale is a metropolitan borough of West Yorkshire. The population in 2020 was 211,439.

It was formed in 1974 by the merger of Brighouse, Elland, Halifax, Sowerby Bridge, Hebden Bridge and Todmorden. Calderdale Council is mostly in Halifax, the biggest town.

River Tame, Greater Manchester

The River Tame flows through Greater Manchester. It starts on Denshaw Moor in Saddleworth at the reservoir and flows to Stockport where it joins the River Goyt to form the River Mersey. It goes south through Delph, Uppermill, Mossley, Stalybridge, Ashton-under-Lyne, Dukinfield, Haughton Green, Denton and Hyde, and gives its name to the borough of Tameside.

It was very polluted. Up to two-thirds of the river's flow when it met the Goyt had passed through a sewage works. Since 1970 there have been efforts to clean it, but In 2018 a study found that the river contained the greatest amount of microplastic contamination of any river yet surveyed.

River Goyt

The River Goyt is a tributary of the River Mersey in North West England. It starts on the moor near Buxton. It passes through two reservoirs. Then it reaches Whaley Bridge, New Mills (where it is joined by the River Sett) and Marple Bridge. It is joined by the River Etherow, the Goyt joins the River Tame at Stockport, forming the River Mersey. 

It may have given its name to goitre, which used to be called Derbyshire Neck.

Emma Elizabeth Smith

Emma Elizabeth Smith ( 1843 – 4 April 1888) was a prostitute and murder victim of mysterious origins in late-19th century London. Her killing was the first of the Whitechapel murders. It is possible she was a victim of the serial killer known as Jack the Ripper, though this is considered unlikely by most modern authors.

Smith's life before her murder in 1888 remains mysterious. Police files were gathered during the investigation, but most of these are missing, apparently taken, mislaid or discarded from the Metropolitan Police archive before the transfer of papers to the Public Record Office. In the surviving records, Inspector Edmund Reid notes a "son and daughter living in Finsbury Park area". Walter Dew, a detective constable stationed with H Division, later wrote:

At the time of her death in 1888, Smith was living in a lodging-house at 18 George Street (since renamed Lolesworth Street), Spitalfields, in the East End of London. She was viciously assaulted at the junction of Osborn Street and Brick Lane, Whitechapel, in the early hours of Tuesday 3 April 1888, the day after the Easter Monday bank holiday. She survived the attack and, although injured, managed to walk back to her lodging house. She told the deputy keeper, Mary Russell, that she was attacked by two or three men, one of whom was a teenager. Mrs Russell and one of the other lodgers, Annie Lee, took Smith to the London Hospital, where she was treated by house surgeon George Haslip. She fell into a coma and died the next day at 9 a.m. Medical investigation by the duty surgeon, Dr G. H. Hillier, revealed that a blunt object had been inserted into her vagina, rupturing her peritoneum. The police were not informed of the incident until 6 April when they were told an inquest was to be held the next day. The inquest at the hospital, which was conducted by the coroner for East Middlesex, Wynne Edwin Baxter, was attended by Russell, Hillier, and the local chief inspector of the Metropolitan Police Service, H Division Whitechapel: John West. The inquest jury returned a verdict of murder by person or persons unknown.

Chief Inspector West placed the investigation in the hands of Inspector Edmund Reid of H Division. Reid noted in his report that her clothing was "in such dirty ragged condition that it was impossible to tell if any part of it had been fresh torn". Walter Dew later described the investigation:

Smith had not provided descriptions of the men who had attacked her and no witnesses came forward or were found. The investigation proved fruitless and the murderer or murderers were never caught.

The case was the first of eleven Whitechapel murders in Metropolitan Police files. Although some of the press linked her death to the later murders, which were blamed on a single serial killer known as "Jack the Ripper", her murder is unlikely to be connected with the later killings. With the exception of Walter Dew, who said he thought that Smith was the first victim of the Ripper, the police suspected it was the unrelated work of a criminal gang. Smith either refused to or could not describe her attackers in any form of detail, possibly because she feared reprisal. Prostitutes were often managed by gangs, and Smith could have been attacked by her pimps as a punishment for disobeying them, or as part of their intimidation.


Martha Tabram

Martha Tabram (née White; 10 May 1849 – 7 August 1888) was an English woman killed in a spate of violent murders in and around the Whitechapel district of East London between 1888 and 1891. She may have been the first victim of the still-unidentified Jack the Ripper.

There are five murders, where everyone agtrees that Jack the Ripper committed them. She is not part of this group. Some historians say, that she might have been one of the victims of Jack the Ripper.

Avengers

The Avengers is a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, who are one of the many teams part of Earth's defense, protecting the world from extraterrestrial and supernatural threats. They were created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, and made its debut in "The Avengers" #1 (September 1963). Labeled <nowiki>"</nowiki>Earth's Mighties Heroes<nowiki>"</nowiki>, the original Avengers consisted of Iron Man, Ant-Man, Hulk, Thor and the Wasp. Captain America was discovered trapped in ice in issue #4, and joined the group after they revived him.

Other characters have later joined the team, such as Spider-Man, Hawkeye, Black Widow, Quicksilver, Scarlet Witch, Black Panther, Vision, She-Hulk, Hercules, Wolverine, and Captain Marvel.

They also appear in many television series and movies, most of them set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).


Wasp (character)

The Wasp (Janet Van Dyne) is a fictional character and superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, appearing as one of the main characters of the "Avengers" comics. Created by the late Stan Lee, the late Jack Kirby and the late Ernie Hart, the character first appeared in "Tales to Astonish" #44 (June 1963).

The Wasp is the partner of Hank Pym (also known as Ant-Man), and later became his wife. She is usually depicted as having the ability to shrink to a height of several centimeters, fly by means of insectoid wings, and fire bioelectric energy blasts. She is a founding member of the Avengers as well as a longtime leader of the team, and was a member of the Defenders and the Lady Liberators.

The character has appeared in numerous media since her debut, such as in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, making a cameo appearance in the 2015 movie "Ant-Man," and a full appearance in the 2018 movie "Ant-Man and the Wasp", the 2019 movie "", and the 2023 movie "", played by Michelle Pfeiffer and Hayley Lovitt (younger). An original MCU Wasp, Janet's daughter Hope van Dyne (named after Hope Pym), is played in each movie by Evangeline Lilly.


Turkish War of Independence

The Turkish War of Independence (also known as the Turkish War of Liberation) was a military conflict waged by the Turkish National Movement against the Allied Powers after World War I. The war lasted from 1919 to 1923 and resulted in the establishment of the Republic of Turkey in 1923.

After World War I, the Ottoman Empire was partitioned by the victorious Allied Powers. The Treaty of Sèvres, signed in 1920, stripped the Ottoman Empire of its territories and imposed severe restrictions on its sovereignty. In response, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, a former Ottoman military commander, led a national movement to resist foreign occupation and defend Turkish independence.

The Turkish National Movement fought a successful campaign against the Allied Powers and their local proxies, including the Armenian, Greek, and French forces. The conflict was marked by several key battles, including the Battle of Sakarya in 1921 and the Battle of Dumlupınar in 1922.

In 1922, the Turkish National Movement launched a major offensive that pushed the Greek forces out of western Anatolia. This victory paved the way for the signing of the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923, which recognized the independence of the Republic of Turkey and established its modern borders. Mustafa Kemal Atatürk became the first president of Turkey and oversaw a series of sweeping reforms to modernize the country and transform it into a secular, democratic state.

The Turkish War of Independence is a significant event in Turkish history, as it marked the end of the Ottoman Empire and the beginning of a new era in Turkish history, characterized by secularism, modernization, and a strong sense of national identity.

1982–83 Austrian Cup

The 1982-83 Austrian Cup was the national cup in Austrian football. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. 
First round with teams from the first league league.

First round with teams from the first league.


Herbert Feurer – Bernd Krauss, Johann Pregesbauer, Heribert Weber, Leo Lainer, Reinhard Kienast, Antonín Panenka (74. Vukan Perović), Petar Bručić, Gerald Willfurth (80. Helmut Hofmann), Hans Krankl, Christian Keglevits<br>coach:Otto Barić
Fuad Đulić – Günther Seebacher, Vesely Schenk, Robert Auer, Werner Schwarz, Manfred Linzmaier, Arnold Koreimann (80. Robert Idl), Roland Hattenberger, Andreas Gretschnig, Werner Zanon, Gert Jørgensen<br>
coach: Franz Wolny


Fuad Đulić – Günther Seebacher (46. Karl-Heinz Mayr), Vesely Schenk, Robert Auer, Werner Schwarz, Manfred Linzmaier, Jakob Laiminger, Arnold Koreimann, Andreas Gretschnig (60. Ewald Gröss), Werner Zanon, Gert Jørgensen<br>
coach:Franz Wolny
Herbert Feurer – Bernd Krauss, Johann Pregesbauer, Heribert Weber, Leo Lainer, Reinhard Kienast, Antonín Panenka, Petar Bručić (70. Vukan Perović), Gerald Willfurth, Hans Krankl, Christian Keglevits (75. Helmut Hofmann)<br>
coach: Otto Barić

Samanea saman

Rain tree, also known as samanea saman, is a tree commonly found in Central America. It is mainly cultivated for its pods, also known as "monkey pods". It is a tree with a height of 15 - 25m, (49-82 feet), and a diameter of 30m (98 feet).

It is called "Rain Tree" because of the fact that its leaves fold in rainy weather, or sometimes in evenings.

The rain tree is used for many products, including its wood, false powder puff flower, and monkey pods.

List of Netherlands Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Dutch Twenty20 International cricketers who have played for Netherlands. Netherlands played their first Twenty20 International against Kenya on 2 August, 2008.

Villers-Plouich

Villers-Plouich is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 396 people lived there. It is situated 14 southwest of the town of Cambrai. 


Charles-François Daubigny

Charles-François Daubigny (1817 – 1878) was a famous French painter.

List of Jersey ODI cricketers

This is a list of Jersey One Day International cricketers. Jersey made their ODI debut against Canada on March 27, 2023.

Valotte (song)

"Valotte" is a 1984 song by English singer Julian Lennon and is the title track from his debut studio album "Valotte". It went to number 9 in the United States and Canada, number 10 in New Zealand, number 55 in the United Kingdom and number 75 in Australia.

Mirza Sahiban

Mirza Sahiban is a famous tragic love story from Punjab, a region in South Asia. It is a tale of two lovers, Mirza and Sahiban, whose love was doomed due to social conventions and family pressures.

According to the legend, Mirza and Sahiban grew up together in a small village in Punjab. They were childhood friends who eventually fell in love with each other. However, Sahiban's brothers disapproved of their relationship, as Mirza was from a rival tribe. Despite their families' objections, Mirza and Sahiban continued to meet secretly and profess their love for each other.

One day, when Mirza was away from the village on a hunting trip, Sahiban's brothers arranged her marriage to someone else. Sahiban was heartbroken and desperate to escape the arranged marriage. She sent a message to Mirza, asking him to come and rescue her.

Mirza, who was deeply in love with Sahiban, immediately returned to the village to save her. But Sahiban was
nowhere to be seen, a few hours later, the news reached mirza that Sahiban has
been married and the Nikkah and wedding ceremonies had already happened.

After Mirza, whos heart was shattered into peices, was determined to save
his lover; he searched all of Punjab for Sahiban, and he luckily found her, after reuniting with eachother they were filled with joy, a few hours later they were both sleeping together under a tree but while Mirza was asleep, Sahiban snapped Mirza’s arrows so that Mirza wouldn’t kill Sahibans brothers, but unfortunately when she woke up, she was devasted to what she saw, Mirzas dead body was right next to her, soon after she grabbed one of the broken arrows and stabbed herself with it, ending her life.

The story of Mirza Sahiban has been told and retold in various forms of literature, music, and theater. It is often cited as a tragic example of how love can be thwarted by societal norms and family obligations.

Sport1 Medien

Sport1 Medien AG is a media company based in Ismaning, Germany, which works worldwide.



EssentiallySports

EssentiallySports is a digital sports media organization focused on publishing news and content on Boxing, Esports, Formula 1, Golf, Mixed Martial Arts, NASCAR, NBA, NFL, Tennis, and WWE.

EssentiallySports, founded in 2014 by Harit Pathak, Jaskirat Arora, and Suryansh Tibarewal, began as a forum for sports fans and transformed into a remote sports media company. 

In 2022, the parent company of EssentiallySports, Full Spectrum Services LLP acquired an entertainment news website NetflixJunkie. The company generates revenue through programmatic advertising.

Tennis was one of the earliest sports covered by EssentiallySports. In 2020, EssentiallySports launched a tennis podcast series ‘Quarentennis - Bridging the Broken Strings’ which features exclusive interviews with top names in tennis. The website has 30M readers monthly in 150 countries.

Diana Aguavil

Diana Alexandra Aguavil Calazacón (born 7 August 1983), is an Ecuadorian indigenous leader. She was elected on 25 August 2018. She is the first female governor of the Tsáchila nationality after 104 years of male administrations. She was elected because she won the 2018 Tsáchila election. She was also the second woman to become a candidate.

In April 2019, the National Assembly gave Diana Aguavil an award for being the first woman governor of the Tsáchila nationality. She has also received other awards for her work and unchanging disposition of service and delivery and her work for the interest of the cmmunity. Some of the awards were presented during the traditional Kasama festival, which enhances the identity values of the Tsáchila nationality.

University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust

The University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust provides adult district general hospital services for Birmingham as well as specialist treatments for all the West Midlands.

It runs the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Edgbaston, Heartlands Hospital, Solihull Hospital and Good Hope Hospital in Sutton Coldfield. In 2004 it was one of the first NHS Foundation Trusts in England. It merged with the Heart of England NHS Foundation Trust in 2018. This gave it a turnover of £1.6 billion and 2,700 beds across the four main hospitals

In November 2022, 13.35% of nursing posts at the trust were empty, compared with an England average of 10%. In 2023 many of the staff were found to be worried about the 'toxic atmosphere and bullying at all levels of management'. Two investigations talked about a “medical patriarchy” and regular “misogynistic behaviour”. 

NHS Foundation Trusts

A foundation trust is a part of the National Health Service in England. They have some independence from the Department of Health and Social Care. As of March 2019 there were 151 foundation trusts.

They were started by Alan Milburn in 2002. The plan was that all the NHS trusts should become Foundation Trusts and run independently. This was an important part of the plan to set up a market system in the NHS which was the main idea of the Health and Social Care Act 2012. Foundation trusts had members - a bit like shareholders - and the members elected a council of governors - a bit like company directors. In 2014 a report said that on the whole after 10 years, "Foundation Trusts [had]... not deepened in terms of democratic practice and participation".

By 2016, the differences between foundation trusts and other NHS trusts were small. Their independence went when almost all had to rely on money borrowed from the Department of Health, to which strings were attached.

Humza Yousaf

Humza Haroon Yousaf (; born 7 April 1985) is a Scottish politician. He has been First Minister of Scotland since 29 March 2023. He became Leader of the Scottish National Party on 27 March 2023. Born in Glasgow, Scotland, he is of Pakistani descent.

Yousaf was born in Glasgow, Scotland on 7 April 1985. He is the son of Pakistani parents. 

He has been a Member of the Scottish Parliament since 2016, representing Glasgow Pollok. He supported Nicola Sturgeon. In 2021, he became health secretary during the COVID-19 pandemic and was responsible for the NHS' recovery and roll out of the vaccination programme.

In 2023, he was one of the three candidates hoping to replace Sturgeon as the First Minister of Scotland and leader of the SNP. On the 27 March 2023, it was announced he had won the leadership race.

Yousaf is the first Scottish Asian and Muslim to serve as First Minister. He is also the youngest person to be First Minister. 

Yousaf was married to former SNP worker Gail Lythgoe from 2010 to 2016. In 2019, he married psychotherapist Nadia El-Nakla from Dundee. He has two children.

Galaxy morphological classification

Galaxy morphological classification is a system used by astronomers to divide galaxies into groups based on their visual appearance. There are several schemes in use by which galaxies can be classified according to their morphologies, the most famous being the Hubble sequence, figured out by Edwin Hubble and later expanded by Gérard de Vaucouleurs and Allan Sandage. However, galaxy classification and morphology are now mostly done using computational methods and physical morphology.

The Hubble sequence is a morphological classification scheme for galaxies invented by Edwin Hubble in 1926.
It is often known like an everyday expression as the “Hubble tuning-fork” because of the shape in which it is usually represented. Hubble's scheme divides galaxies into three broad classes based on their visual appearance (originally on photographic plates):

These broad classes can be extended to enable finer honors of appearance and to include other types of galaxies, such as irregular galaxies, which have no obvious regular structure (either disk-like or ellipsoidal).

The Hubble sequence is often represented in the form of a two-pronged fork, with the ellipticals on the left (with the degree of ellipticity increasing from left to right) and the barred and unbarred spirals forming the two parallel prongs of the fork. Lenticular galaxies are placed between the ellipticals and the spirals, at the point where the two prongs meet the “handle”.

To this day, the Hubble sequence is the most commonly used system for classifying galaxies, both in professional astronomical research and in amateur astronomy.
Anyway, in June 2019, citizen scientists through Galaxy Zoo reported that the usual Hubble classification, especially concerning spiral galaxies, may not be supported, and may need updating.

The de Vaucouleurs system for classifying galaxies is a widely used extension to the Hubble sequence, first described by Gérard de Vaucouleurs in 1959. De Vaucouleurs argued that Hubble's two-dimensional classification of spiral galaxies—based on the tightness of the spiral arms and the presence or absence of a bar—did not acceptably describe the full range of watched galaxy morphologies. Especially, he argued that rings and lenses are important structural components of spiral galaxies.

The de Vaucouleurs system keeps Hubble's basic division of galaxies into ellipticals, lenticulars, spirals and irregulars. To make Hubble's scheme complete, de Vaucouleurs introduced a more detailed classification system for spiral galaxies, based on three morphological characteristics:

The different elements of the classification scheme are combined — in the order in which they are listed — to give the complete classification of a galaxy. For example, a weakly barred spiral galaxy with loosely wound arms and a ring is represented SAB(r)c.

Visually, the de Vaucouleurs system can be represented as a three-dimensional version of Hubble's tuning fork, with stage (spiralness) on the "x"-axis, family (barredness) on the "y"-axis, and variety (ringedness) on the "z"-axis.

De Vaucouleurs also selected numerical values to each class of galaxy in his scheme. Values of the numerical Hubble stage "T" run from −6 to +10, with negative numbers going along with early-type galaxies (ellipticals and lenticulars) and positive numbers to late types (spirals and irregulars). So, as a rough rule, lower values of "T" go along with a larger fraction of the stellar mass contained in a spheroid/bulge relative to the disk. The close guess mapping between the spheroid-to-total stellar mass ratio (M/M) and the Hubble stage is M/M=(10−T)/256 based on local galaxies.

Elliptical galaxies are divided into three 'stages': compact ellipticals (cE), normal ellipticals (E) and late types (E). Lenticulars are similarly subdivided into early (S), intermediate (S) and late (S) types. Irregular galaxies can be of type magellanic irregulars ("T" = 10) or 'compact' ("T" = 11).

The use of numerical stages allows for more quantitative studies of galaxy morphology.
The Yerkes scheme was created by American astronomer William Wilson Morgan. Together with Philip Keenan, Morgan also developed the MK system for the classification of stars through their spectra. The Yerkes scheme uses the spectra of stars in the galaxy; the shape, real and apparent; and the degree of the central concentration to classify galaxies.

So, for example, the Andromeda Galaxy is classified as kS5.

Palmerston (cat)

Palmerston is a cat who served as the resident Chief Mouser to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office of the United Kingdom. He began his role on April 13, 2016 after being adopted from the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home. 

He is named after Lord Palmerston. Palmerston was known to have a rivalry with Larry, resident cat of 10 Downing Street. 

On 7 August, 2020, he "retired" from his position and moved to a new home in thecountryside.

Henry Dundas

Henry Dundas, 1st Viscount Melville (28 April, 1742 – 28 May 1811) was a Scottish politician and lieutenant of Prime Minister William Pitt. He was the most powerful politician in Scotland and held various different positions in the British government.

Dundas served as MP of Edinburgh, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Home Secretary, President of the Board of Control, Secretary of State for War and First Lord of the Admiralty during his career.

He was, however, a controversial figure. In 1792, Dundas advocated for the gradual abolition of the Atlantic slave trade over four years. However, abolitionist leaders wanted an immediate end to the slave trade.

There is a statue of him in Edinburgh named the Melville Monument. A street in Canada was named after him but in 2020 Toronto City Council voted to rename the street due to Dundas' actions in delaying the end of the slave trade.

Modern historians are divided over whether Dundas should be held responsible for prolonging the slave trade. Historians of the slave trade and the abolitionist movement, including David Brion Davis, Roger Anstey, Robin Blackburn, and Stephen Tomkins have commented that Dundas' actions delayed rather than facilitated abolition. According to Davis, "By making the abolition of the slave trade dependent on colonial reforms, Dundas suggested possibilities for indefinite delay." Stephen Mullen, a research associate at Glasgow University and historian of slavery and the Atlantic slave trade, has called Dundas "a great delayer" of abolition.

Other historians of British history have argued that delay was inevitable. Angela McCarthy notes that the revolutionary wars with France, and opposition in the House of Lords and in the royal family, presented enormous obstacles. Sir Tom Devine, whose publications include editing "Recovering Scotland's Slavery Past: The Caribbean Connection" (Edinburgh University Press, 2015), has said that blaming Dundas for delay in the abolition of the slave trade is "bad history" and ignores the wider political and economic factors that were the true causes of delay. Brian Young notes that in 1792, the motion for immediate cessation of the slave trade was heading for certain defeat. By inserting the word "gradual" into the motion, Young says Dundas ensured a successful vote for the ultimate abolition of the trade in slaves.

Seborga

Seborga is a small village in Italy, located near the border with France. It is a commune within the Province of Imperia. Seborga's main economic activities are agriculture and tourism. Seborga has an annual festival dedicated to Saint Bernard, the town's patron saint. It has a population of around 300.

In the early 1960s, Giorgio Carbona claimed that Seborga was historically a principality and was not formally included in the 1861 Italian unification. As such, he claimed that the town and its surrounding territory was an independent country from Italy. He was elected as the Prince of Seborga.

There has been no formal recognition of Giorgio Carbone's claims and no country currently recognises Seborga, making it a micronation.

Ottis Toole

Ottis Toole murdered Adam Walsh in 1981. 
Because of this, Adam Walsh's father John Walsh began a crime investigation career.

A Beautiful Lie

A Beautiful Lie is the second studio album by Thirty Seconds to Mars. Thirty Seconds to Mars is an American rock band. The album was released on August 30, 2005. It was released by Virgin Records. It is the band's first album with guitar player Tomo Miličević on it.

The album had four singles: "Attack", "The Kill", "From Yesterday", and "A Beautiful Lie". Three of them went into the top 30 on the US Modern Rock music chart. "The Kill" and "From Yesterday" went into the top three on the chart. Over 1 million copies of the album have been sold in the US. Many critics liked "A Beautiful Lie". They liked it because it sounded different from the band's first album.

Francis Salvador

Francis Salvador was a Sephardi Jewish man who moved from England to South Carolina to start his own slave plantation and became a Whigs politician in the American Revolution. Salvador was killed by Cherokees who were working with the British Empire on July 1st 1776.

Villers-Sire-Nicole

Villers-Sire-Nicole is a commune in Nord in northern France. In 2019, 1,098 people lived there.


Agatha Harkness

Agatha Harkness is a fictional character and anti-heroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in "Fantastic Four" #94 and was created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby.

She is a witch who is the mentor of the Scarlet Witch and an ally of the Fantastic Four when she babysat Mr. Fantastic and Invinsible Woman's baby, Franklin Richards. She also has a companion, Ebony, who is her cat familiar.

The character is played by American actress Kathryn Hahn in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) miniseries "WandaVision" (2021), and is set to reprise her role in a spin-off series about the character, "".

Tracey Childs

Tracey Childs (born 30 May 1963) is a British actress who played Lynne Howard in "Howards' Way", Linda Cosgrove in "Born and Bred", Elaine Jenkins in "Broadchurch" and Patty Cornwell in "Hollyoaks". She has also guest starred in "Dempsey and Makepeace", "Someone to Watch Over Me", "Bergerac", "Boon", "EastEnders", "The Bill", "London's Burning", "Doctor Who", "Doctors" and "2 Broke Girls". She was married to actor Tony Anholt.

Tokoroa

Tokoroa () is the fifth largest-town in Waikato region of the North Island. It is 30 southwest of Rotorua and is at the midway point of Hamilton and Taupō on State Highway 1. It has 10 primary schools, two high schools in the town and is the home of the Talking Poles. It is situated on the Kinleith Brach railway line.

Maud of Wales

Maud of Wales (Maud Charlotte Mary Victoria; 26 November 1869 – 20 November 1938) was Queen of Norway as the wife of King Haakon VII. The youngest daughter of King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom, she was known as Princess Maud of Wales before her marriage, as her father was the Prince of Wales at the time.

Coley, Berkshire

Coley is an area near the centre of Reading in the county of Berkshire.

One of the bakeries is called Wolseley Street Bakery. They make Tiramisu.

There is a park called Coley park nearby. There is also a school called Coley Primary School.

SendGrid

SendGrid is a customer communication platform that helps businesses send transactional and marketing emails. SendGrid offers email delivery management, ISP monitoring, and reporting features. 

It was founded in 2009 and acquired by Twilio in 2019.

In December 2012, SendGrid partnered with Twilio to create SMS and push notification services to its platform. The company works with Parse, Windows Azure, and StackMob from the same month.

In September 2014, Sameer Dholakia became CEO in SendGrid.

The company went public in the New York Stock Exchange on November 16, 2017.

Folderly

Folderly is an AI-based email platform. The platform tackle poor email deliverability and ending up in spam folders. The company is headquartered in Delaware, USA. 

Folderly was founded in 2019. In 2020, Folderly introduced a product to the market. Within 9 months, they made $1.5 million, and within 18 months, they made $3 million in revenue.

ActiveCampaign

ActiveCampaign is a software platform based in Chicago. The company helps small and medium-sized businesses automate marketing tasks and manage customer contacts. 

The company was founded in 2003. 

As of 2021, they have over 145,000 clients in 170 countries and $165 million in recurring revenue. They raised $100 million in 2020 and $240 million in 2021. ActiveCampaign acquired Postmark, a transactional email delivery system, in May 2022. They have offices in Chicago, Indianapolis, Sydney, Dublin, and Florianópolis.

Dominic Blampied

Dominic Blampied was born 10 July, 1996. He is a Jersey cricketer who has played 31 Twenty20 Internationals to date after debuting in May 2019 and made his One-day international debut in 2023.

Jamuna Dhaki

Jamuna Dhaki is a 2020 Indian Bengali language romantic thriller drama television series that premiered on 13 July 2020 on Zee Bangla. It is also available on the digital platform ZEE5 before it's telecast. It is produced by Snehasish Chakraborty of "Blues Productions." 


Buddhism in Mongolia

Buddhism is the largest religion in Mongolia and is practiced by more than half of the people there. Buddhism in Mongolia began with the conversion of Yuan dynasty emperors to Tibetan Buddhism. The Mongols returned to shaman traditions after the fall of the Mongol Empire, but Buddhism became popular again in the 16th and 17th centuries.

Human developmental periods

The period of human development – a concept derived from psychoanalysis, in which the leading role is given to the conscious actions of the individual under the influence of the environment. Development is understood as an evolutionary process in which an individual achieves an increasingly higher level of integration through psychosocial crises. It is accomplished by solving difficulties related to changes on the levels on which it takes place: biological, psychological and social. Development is therefore the mutual adaptation of the individual and the environment.
The ego is a configuration that includes and controls conscious activities that synthesize and integrate past experiences with tasks currently appearing in the perceptual-cognitive field of the individual.



The driving force behind development is the occurrence of opposing tendencies and aspirations in man. This polarization occurs in two dimensions:






Development occurs in successive phases. Its course depends on the experience previously acquired by the individual. In each phase, a new system of biological, social, psychological obstacles emerge, causing crisis and exacerbating the struggle between the aspirations for progression and regression. To move to the next phase, all obstacles must be overcome. The solution to a psychosocial crisis occurs when the obstacles and pressures that have arisen at a given moment are incorporated into the structure of the ego as elements of a harmonious whole. Then the relative equilibrium is not so much recovered as achieved at a higher level of complexity.

Attachment theory is a theoretical system developed by British physician and psychoanalyst John Bowlby, focusing on the developmental importance of close, intimate, emotionally meaningful relationships. Attachment in this theoretical current has been described as a system of biological impulses necessary to ensure survival in the first years of his life. This trend deals with the effects of the negative impact on development of the loss of significant objects, i.e. biological caregivers as a result of depreciation of attention and involvement.In 1965, Mary Ainsworth created the Strange Situation Procedure as a way of assessing individual differences in attachment behavior through individual stress responses and safe shelter concepts.The theory of attachment is used in therapeutic practice, especially in the field of civil partnerships and in the ethological model of developmental psychology. An early attachment style can affect relationships with people. The attachment style model is established in early childhood and is a relational style in adulthood.

Constructivism is one of the paradigms in psychology that characterizes the concept of intellectual development as a process of active knowledge building. The individual independently creates the meaning of new information – by selecting, organizing and integrating information from other knowledge, often in the context of social interaction. The concept of intellectual development can be realized in an individual or social way. This theory assumes that the integration and building of knowledge is realized through cognitive processes and personal experiences, not through memorizing facts.

Psychology of human development. Volume 2. Characteristics of human life periods, Wydawnictwo Naukowe PWN 2000 Warsaw.

Dorians

Doric is a North-East Scottish language commonly misinterpreted as a dialect of Scots or further more a dialect of English.

Tropical Smoothie Cafe

The Tropical Smoothie Cafe (better known as Tropical Smoothie) is an American restaurant group. Along with smoothies, these places sells sandwiches, wraps (foods) and flat breads.

The Tropical Smoothie Cafe has almost 1,200 restaurants across the United States. It began as a smoothie shop in 1993 or 1994 in Destin, Florida. In 1997, the restaurants began franchising. In 1998, the company began expanding.

Khelaghor

Khelaghor is an 2020 Indian Bengali language Romantic Thriller Drama television series that premiered on 30 November 2020 on Bengali Television Entertainment Channel Star Jalsha and it also available on the digital platform Disney+ Hotstar. The show is produced by Snehasish Chakraborty of "Blues Productions."


Monarchy of Greece

The Monarch of Greece was the hereditary head of state of Greece from 1832 to 1924 and 1935 to 1973.

In 1832, Prince Otto of Bavaria was crowned King of Greece. He reigned for 30 years until he was deposed in 1862. An election was held to determine the next King and Prince George of Denmark was chosen by the Greek Assembly.

In 1924, the Greek population voted to become a republic. However, in 1935, the monarchy was reinstated in another vote.

In July 1973, the Greek military junta held a referendum, which abolished the monarchy once again. A year later, the democratically elected Konstantinos Karamanlis held another referendum, which confirmed the abolition of the monarchy.




Resident Evil 4 (2023 video game)

Resident Evil 4 is a survival horror third-person shooter video game produced by Capcom as a remake to Resident Evil 4 (2005). Players play as Leon S. Kennedy throughout the game play, but also a chapter where they are forced to play as Ashley Graham when Leon gets trapped in a cage inside the castle of Ramon Salazar, the lord of the castle. Who is later defeated by Leon after Ashley was taken by Lieutenant Jack Krauser.

Storsteinnes

Storsteinnes is a village in Balsfjord Municipality, Norway. The village covers an area of and has a population of 1,076 people. It is the largest urban area in the municipality. Storsteinnes Chapel is located in the village. The economy of the village is based on municipal services and agriculture. A dairy run by Tine, which produces Brunost and Balsfjordost, is one of the major employers in the village. Storsteinnes is located at the southern end of Sørkjosen, which is a branch of the main Balsfjorden. The European route E6 highway passes about 4 kilometres (2.485 miles) southeast of the village center.

Centroid

The centroid of a triangle is where all of the medians of a triangle meet. A median is from the midpoint of one of the sides, to the vertex opposite to the side.

Moira Deeming

Moira Deeming is an Australian politician. She serves on the Legislative Council (upper house) for the Australian state of Victoria with the Liberal Party. Deeming was removed from the Liberal Party for nine months because she spoke at a meeting of feminist group called "Let Women Speak." The group was accused of not liking transgender people. The National Socialist Network also attended the meeting on their own and were seen giving the Nazi salute. Deeming said that she does not like Nazis so she was suspended for 9 months instead of being removed. On 4 May 2023, Deeming said that she would sue Victorian Liberal Party leader John Pesutto if he does not say that she is not a Nazi. On 12 May 2023, the party voted 19 to 11 to remove her. She is of Māori descent and is a Presbyterian. She has four children.

Carnage (character)

Carnage is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, usually as an adversary of Spider-Man and the archenemy of Venom, in particular the Eddie Brock incarnation of the character, although Carnage and Venom would join forces if their goals aligned. Carnage belongs to a race of amorphous parasitic extraterrestrial organisms known as Symbiotes, which form a symbiotic bond with their hosts and give them super-human abilities. Originating as an offspring of Venom, Carnage is much more powerful than its parent symbiote because of the symbiotes' biology, and is in many ways a darker version of him. Like Venom, Carnage has had multiple hosts over the years, but its most infamous one remains its first – killer Cletus Kasady, whose sadistic personality perfectly matches that of the symbiote. Other notable hosts include Ben Reilly, Karl Malus, and Norman Osborn, as well as Gwen Stacy in the alternate Ultimate Marvel continuity. The Carnage symbiote gave birth to its first significant offspring, Toxin, in 2004. 

The character made its first appearance in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #361 (April 1992), and was created by writer David Michelinie and artist Mark Bagley, although the first published artwork of Carnage was penciled by Chris Marrinan. 

Since its original introduction in comics, the character has been adapted into other forms of media, such as television series and video games. Woody Harrelson voiced Carnage in its first live-action appearance in the movie "" (2021), set in Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU), as well as portraying Cletus Kasady, reprising his cameo role from "Venom" (2018). In 2009, the Cletus Kasady version of Carnage was ranked as IGN's 90th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time. 

It's in the Way That You Use It

"It's in the Way That You Use It" is a 1986 song by Eric Clapton and is taken from his 10th studio album "August". It went to number 24 in Australia and number 77 in the United Kingdom. It was used in the 1986 movie "The Color of Money".

Defenders (comics)

The Defenders is a fictional superhero group appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, who are among the many superhero teams from said comics and universe. The teams was created by Roy Thomas and the late Ross Andru, and first appeared as the Defenders in "Marvel Feature" #1 (Dec. 1971).

Gemini Dream

"Gemini Dream" is a 1981 song by English progressive rock band The Moody Blues and is the leading single from their 10th studio album "Long Distance Voyager". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 12 in the United States and number 36 in Australia.

Overload (Sugababes song)

"Overload" is a 2000 debut single by English band Sugababes and is the leading single from their debut studio album "One Touch". It went to number 2 in Greece and New Zealand, number 3 in Austria, Germany and Hungary, number 4 in Iceland, number 5 in Switzerland, number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Scotland, number 12 in Norway and number 15 in Ireland. It was covered by Bastille in 2015.

Notes

List of stars in Sculptor

This is the list of notable stars in the constellation Sculptor, all the stars are sorted by decreasing brightness.

The Treachery of Images

The Treachery of Images is a painting by René Magritte, done in 1929. It shows a pipe, and has the text "Ceci n'est pas une pipe" ("this is not a pipe") below. When he painted it, Magritte was 30 years old. 

There are different interpretations of the work. A common one says that with the painting, Magritte wanted to say that the thing was a painting, and not a pipe which can be smoked. The idea is similar to the word "dog". That word doesn't bark, or wag its tail, either. Michel Foucault also did an interpretation, in 1973. Foucault says that an image of an object is different from the object itself. Also, by showing something that looks like a paradox, Magritte forces the viewer to think about what the "reality" of an object really is. 

HD 942

HD 942 (also known as HIP 1096) is a red-orange giant star in the constellation of Sculptor. The star has a spectral type of K5III, it is located about 1,294 light years away from us. It's surface temperature is between 3,500 K to 5,000 K.

Sabaeans

The Sabaens were one of the first civilizations of the Arabian Peninsula. They spoke the Sabaean language, one of the Old South Arabian languages. They founded the kingdom of Sabaʾ in modern-day Yemen, which was believed to be the biblical land of Sheba and "the oldest and most important of the South Arabian kingdoms".

Platymantis indeprensus

Platymantis indeprensus is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Mount Banajao and Mount San Cristobal. People have seen it between 600 and 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 21.5-27.3 mm long from nose to rear end. There is no webbed skin on the front feet and only a small amount of webbed skin on the back feet. The skin on the frog's back is black-brown in color, sometimes with a lighter stripe.

Storsteinnes Chapel

The Storsteinnes Chapel is a parish church belonging to the Church of Norway and is located in Balsfjord Municipality in a county called Troms. The church is situated on the south side of the village of Storsteinnes.

The church was built in 1968 and is designed in a long church style. It is made of wood and is painted white. The church has a seating capacity of about 200 people, making it a relatively large church for the area.

Marmaduke Pickthall

Muhammad Marmaduke William Pickthall (7 April 1875 – 19 May 1936) was an English Islamic scholar. His 1930 English translation of the Qur'an, titled the "The Meaning of the Glorious Koran", is one of the most widely known and used in the English-speaking world.

Pickthall was born in London, on 7 April 1875, the elder of the two sons of the Christian cleric Charles Grayson Pickthall (1822–1881) and his second wife, Mary Hale. As a schoolboy at Harrow, Pickthall was a classmate and friend of Winston Churchill. In June 1917, Pickthall gave a speech defending the rights of Palestinian Arabs, in the context of the debate over the Balfour Declaration. In November 1917, Pickthall converted to Islam, publicly taking the "shahada" at the Woking Muslim Mission. He followed this with a speech contrasting the Christian and Muslim approaches to religious law, arguing that Islam was better equipped than Christianity to handle the post-World War world. Pickthall was buried in the Muslim section at Brookwood Cemetery in Surrey, England.

Outline of socialism



McCarthy Stone

McCarthy Stone is a developer and manager of retirement communities in the United Kingdom. It is based in Bournemouth.

John McCarthy and Bill Stone became partners in 1961, and in 1977 they built their first retirement housing development in Hampshire. Because the population was getting older they did very well. It is the largest provider of new Extra Care developments in the UK. 

In 2023 it opened its 500th retirement community. It supports more than 22,000 older people, mostly in their 80s. 

Roy Carr-Hill

Roy Carr-Hill (1943 - 2022) was a professor at the Centre for Health Economics at the University of York from 1983 when it started. He was born in Widnes. He first worked in criminology and penology. He stayed at York until he retired in 2011 and still worked there after that. He is most well known for the Carr-Hill formula, which sets most of the pay for general practitioners in the United Kingdom. It includes individual patients' age, gender and health conditions and calculates a "weighted" count of patients according to need. This gives more money where it is most needed and takes some away from richer areas He did a lot of work in the field of inequality and poverty, both in the UK and in low- and middle-income countries. In Africa he did a lot of work on education. He was an active member of the Radical Statistics Group.

Widnes

Widnes is an industrial town in the Borough of Halton, Cheshire. 61,464 people lived there at the 2011 census. It used to be in Lancashire. It is on the northern side of the River Mersey. 

The Sankey Canal runs from Spike Island in Widnes to the River Mersey at Sankey Bridges, near Warrington. It opened in 1757. Widnes Dock, the world's first railway dock, was built there in 1833 when the St Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway opened.

It is a centre of the chemical industry. Soap, borax, soda ash, salt cake and bleaching powder are made there. Other industries developed including iron and copper works.

The Silver Jubilee Bridge connects the town to Runcorn on the other side of the Mersey. It opened in 1961.

Sankey Canal

The Sankey Canal in North West England used to be an industrial canal. It was called the Sankey Brook Navigation and later the St Helens Canal. Sankey Canal opened in 1757. It was the first modern canal. Earlier canals were all to make river navigation possible. The Act of Parliament passed in 1757 was to make Sankey Brook navigable. But the brook was too shallow and twisting to be of practical use, so they constructed a completely separate canal alongside the brook. It connected St Helens to the River Mersey at Spike Island in Widnes. 

It closed in 1963, but much of it has been restored. Fixed bridges which have replaced the original wooden swing bridges and other blocks separate the sections from one another.

Borough of Halton

Halton is a unitary authority district in Cheshire. It was created in 1974 as a district of the county of Cheshire, and became a unitary authority area on 1 April 1998. Since 2014 it has been a member of the Liverpool City Region Combined Authority. The borough has the towns of Runcorn and Widnes.

The population of Halton was 128,478 in 2021.

I'm Still Standing

"I'm Still Standing" is a 1983 song by Elton John. It is the second single from his 17th studio album, "Too Low for Zero". It went to number 1 on music charts in Canada and Switzerland, number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in Australia, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in the Netherlands, number 9 in South Africa, number 10 in Germany, number 11 in Belgium, number 12 in the United States and number 30 in New Zealand.



Shang-Chi

Shang-Chi, also known as the Master of Kung-Fu, Brother Hand and Deadly Hand, is a fictional character and superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, and the character originally came from Sax Rohmer's licensed property as the unnamed son of Fu Manchu.

He is the son of Zheng Zu (before Fu Manchu), a villains crime lord and sorcerer who trained his son to become an assassin. Even though Shang-Chi is the son of one of the most infamous criminals in China's history (Fu Manchu), he uses the skills and teachings his father taught him to fight crime instead of committing crimes. He is a member of the Five Weapons Society, House Champions, and the Protectors, and a former member of the Avengers, Marvel Knights, Heroes for Hire, Underground, and A.I.M.'s New Avengers. Likewise he was part of the Heroes for Hire, then also became one of Earth's Mightiest Heroes in "Jonathan Hickman's Avengers".

He was created by Steve Englehart and Jim Starlin, and first appeared in "Special Marvel Edition #15" in December of 1973.

The character made his live-action cinematic debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie "Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings" (2021), in which he is played by Simu Liu.

Crooner

A crooner is a person that sings love or romantic songs. Frank Sinatra was known as a crooner at the start of his career.

Straight-tusked elephant

The straight-tusked elephant ("Palaeoloxodon antiquus") is an extinct species of elephant. It lived in Europe and Western Asia during the Middle and Late Pleistocene (781,000–30,000 years ago). 

Individuals reached up to 4–4.2 metres (13.1–13.8 ft) in height, with a weight estimated at 11.3–15 tonnes (11.1–14.8 long tons; 12.5–16.5 short tons). 

The straight-tusked elephant probably lived in small herds, flourishing in interglacial periods, when its range went as far north as Great Britain. Skeletons found in association with stone tools and wooden spears suggest they were scavenged and hunted by early humans, including Neanderthals. It is the ancestral species of most dwarf elephants that lived on islands in the Mediterranean.

1983–84 Austrian Cup

The 1983-84 Austrian Cup was the national cup in Austrian football. SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions. 
First round with teams from the first and second league.

Friedl Koncilia – Erich Obermayer, Josef Degeorgi, Franz Zore, Robert Sara, István Magyar, Ernst Baumeister, Herbert Prohaska, Tibor Nyilasi, Alfred Drabits (81. Džemal Mustedanagić), Toni Polster<br>
coach: Václav Halama
Karl Ehn – Leo Lainer, Johann Pregesbauer, Heribert Weber, Reinhard Kienast, Antonín Panenka (74. Rudolf Weinhofer), Petar Bručić, Gerald Willfurth (77. Christian Keglevits), Hermann Stadler, Hans Krankl, Zlatko Kranjčar<br>coach:Otto Barić

Karl Ehn – Leo Lainer, Kurt Garger, Johann Pregesbauer, Heribert Weber, Reinhard Kienast, Antonín Panenka (79. Karl Daxbacher), Rudolf Weinhofer, Hermann Stadler, Hans Krankl, Zlatko Kranjčar<br>
coach: Otto Barić
Friedl Koncilia – Franz Zore, Robert Sara, Erich Obermayer, Josef Degeorgi, Herbert Prohaska, István Magyar (65. Karl Daxbacher), Ernst Baumeister, Toni Polster, Tibor Nyilasi, Alfred Drabits<br>
coach:Václav Halama

Foss Dyke

The Foss Dyke is the oldest canal in England that is still in use. It is about 11 miles (18 km) long. It seems to have been built around AD 120 by the Romans. It connects the River Trent to the River Witham at Lincoln. It was improved in 1121, and in 1671 a lock was built at Torksey. There have not been any commercial barges since 1971, but there is a marina at Brayford Pool in the centre of Lincoln.

It gives its name to the Foss Dyke Band.

Tibor Nyilasi

Tibor Nyilasi (born 18 January 1955) is a Hungarian football player and manager. He played for Ferencváros, FK Austria Wien and the Hungary national football team as striker.
He started his career with Ferencváros in 1972 . He played 243 matches and scored 132 goals. 1983 he went on to Austria Wien in Austria for a fee of 500 000 €. For Austria he played 179 matches and scored 120 goals.
He made 70 appearances for the Hungary national team from 1975 to 1985. He scored 32 goals. He played in the 1978 FIFA World Cup and the 1982 FIFA World Cup. 
After he retired as a player he managed Ferencváros. He also worked for the Hungary national football team as assistance coach.

Ferencvárosi

Austria Wien


Ferencvárosi


Marina

A marina is a dock with places for yachts and small boats. A marina differs from a port in that a marina does not handle large passenger ships or cargo. Most marinas are by the sea or on lakes, but there are some inland on canals and rivers. They only started in the twentieth century when boating for pleasure became popular. There are usually shops selling supplies for the boats.

Erich Obermayer

Erich Obermayer (born 23 January 1953, in Wien) is a former Austrian football player.
He played for FK Austria Wien and the Austrian national football team as defender.

He started his career with FC Wien. At the age of 16 he came to Austria Wien where he stayed for the rest of his career. In his 18 years with Austria he played 544 matches and scored 15 goals. He was chosen in Austria's Team of the Century in 2001. 

He made his debut for Austria in an April 1975 European Championship qualification match against Hungary and was a participant at the 1978 FIFA World Cup. There he scored a goal in a match against the Netherlands. This was his only goal in the team. He played also in the 1982 FIFA World Cup where he was captain of the team. He played 50 caps and scored one goal. His last international was a March 1985 friendly match against the Soviet Union.

After his career as a footballer he became a manager. He managed Floridsdorfer AC, 1. Simmeringer SC and FCM Traiskirchen. 


Stegocephali

Stegocephali is a group containing all four-limbed vertebrates.

The word was first used in 1868 by the American paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope, who used it as a general category of prehistoric amphibians. This did not get used by other people. 

In 1998 the Canadian paleontologist Michel Laurin used the word and gave a formal phylogenetic definition. This was intended to include taxa with digits rather than fins, except where secondarily lost.

Seleucid era

The Seleucid era or Anno Graecorum (literally "year of the Greeks" or "Greek year") was a system of numbering years in use by the Seleucid Empire and other countries in the ancient Hellenistic civilizations. 

There were two different variations. The Seleucids year started in spring. The Macedonian court started the year in autumn. Year 1 of the Seleucid era is roughly to April 311 BC to March 310 BC.

Palaeoloxodon

Palaeoloxodon is an extinct genus of elephant. The genus originated in Africa during the Pliocene era, and expanded into Eurasia during the Pleistocene era. 

The genus contains some of the largest known elephants, over tall at the shoulders, including the European straight-tusked elephant ("Palaeoloxodon antiquus"), and the southern Asian "Palaeoloxodon namadicus". "P namadicus" was largest known land mammal. 

The genus also contains species of dwarf elephants which evolved by insular dwarfism on islands in the Mediterranean, some only in height, the smallest elephants known. 

Franz Czernicky

Franz Czernicky (16 September 1902 – 16 June 1973), (also Franz Cernicky) was an Austrian football player and coach. He played for SK Slovan Wien and Slavia Prague in the 1920s and 1930s .He also played once for the national team in 1927 .
The versatile Czernicky had already played for several seasons as a squad supplement player for SK Slovan Wien. In 1925 he made his breakthrough as a regular player. After stepping in as a goalie, he played in defence,as winger and as forward for the next two years. 1927 Slovan was relegated.

Czernicky left the club and moved to Czechoslovak Slavia Prague. There he was mainly used as a defender and won the cup title twice in a row. The first championship followed in 1929 and the team became the dominant force in Czechoslovak football. They celebrated three more championship titles in the following four years.

During the 1932/33 championship season, he went to Franceto SC Fives. The following season, the team finished as runners-up, just one point behind FC Sète. In the next few years it was only enough for midfield places. In the cup the team reached the semifinals twice. In 1938 he ended his professional career.
In April 1927, Czernicky played for the B national team against Hungary. On 29 May 1927 he made his debut for the national team in a 4-1 win against Switzerland in Zurich. Because he went abroad, his team career was over. 

During his time at Slavia he played in the Prague city team. In Lille (Fives is a quarter of Lille) he was called up to the northern French regional team.
Czernicky took over as coach at his first club Slovan in 1948. He reached promotion to the top league in 1949. In January 1951 the coach received the offer of the first division club SK Sturm Graz. He replaced Ludwig Durek, who was playing coach. Graz who were in danger of relegation, reached a safe midfield position. After another season he was replaced by Karl Decker. 

Arcosanti

<templatestyles src="Module:Coordinates/styles.css"></templatestyles>

Arcosanti is an experimental town in Yavapai County, central Arizona, United States. It is 70 mi (110 km) north of Phoenix, at an elevation of . The main activity of the town is making bells. Italian-American architect Paolo Soleri (1919–2013) proposed a concept he called arcology. He started constion in 1970. He wanted to show how urban conditions could be improved, while looking at minimizing the negative impact. He influenced many architects and designers, who worked with him on the project. 
The goal of Arcosanti is to explore the concept of arcology, which combines architecture and ecology. The project also wants to minimize resource use and keep access to the natural environment. The experimental town has been built on of a land preserve, of which are owned by the Cosanti Foundation, with the remainder leased from the state.

The building has happened at varying speeds, but still continues. The most recently completed building was finished in 1989. The population has varied between 50 and 150 people. Many of them are students and volunteers. The goal was for Arcosanti to house a population of 5,000 people. So far, thirteen major structures have been built on the site.


Aad

Aad is a nickname for the names Adrianus/Adriaan in Dutch. It is also a not so frequently used first name in Norway.


Aadil

Aadil is a name given to boys. 


Aadu

Aadu is a name given to boys in Estonia.


Aagje

Aagje is a name given to girls in the Netherlands.


Aage

Aage is a name given to boys in Denmark, and it is sometimes spelled as Åge in Norway. The Swedish version of the name is Åke.


Mayor of Greater Manchester

The Mayor of Greater Manchester is the directly elected mayor of Greater Manchester, responsible for strategy including health, transport, housing, strategic planning, waste management, policing, the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service and skills. It was set up by the Cities and Local Government Devolution Act 2016. The mayors were given new powers and financial freedom in 2023, but were also to called in front of MPs, via brand new quarterly select committees.

The Mayor of Greater Manchester sits on the Greater Manchester Combined Authority with the ten council leaders as the eleventh member. The mayor has powers over transport in Greater Manchester

The first election for the job was on 4 May 2017. Andy Burnham won and he was elected for a second term in May 2021.

Aagot

Aagot or Ågot is a girl's name from Norway.


Mohor

Mohor is an Indian Bengali Romantic Drama television series. It was premiered on 28 October 2019 on Star Jalsha. It is also available on the digital platform Disney+ Hotstar before it's telecast. The show is produced by Magic Moments Motion Pictures of Leena Gangopadhyay and Saibal Banerjee. 


Autonomous Region of Gagauzia

The Autonomous Region of Gagauzia is a State in Southern Moldova, the State is home to the Gagauz People, they speak the Language Gagauz, and they have Turkic Descent

Roma people in Chicago

The Roma first came to Chicago during the large waves of Southern and Eastern European immigration to the United States in the 1880s until World War I. Approximately 5,000 to 10,000 Romani people live in the Chicago area.

Bathinda

Bathinda is a city and municipal corporation in Punjab, India. The city is the administrative headquarters of Bathinda District. It is located in northwestern India in the Malwa Region, west of the capital city of Chandigarh and is the fifth largest city of Punjab.

Bathinda is home to the Maharaja Ranjit Singh Punjab Technical University, Central University of Punjab and AIIMS Bathinda. The city is also home to two modern thermal power plants, Guru Nanak Dev Thermal Plant and Guru Hargobind Thermal Plant at Lehra Mohabbat. Also located in the city is a fertilizer plant, two cement plants (Ambuja Cements and UltraTech Cement Limited), a large army cantonment, an air force station, a zoo, and a historic Qila Mubarak fort.

Bhatinda was changed to Bathinda to conform to the phonetical expression as locally pronounced. According to Henry George Raverty, Bathinda was known as "Tabar-i-Hind" (Labb-ut-Twarikh) or "Tabarhindh", which roughly translates as ‘Gateway to India’. The earliest mention of Tabar-i-Hind occurs in the "Jami-Ul-Hakayat" written about 607 Hijri or 1211 AD.
In 1004, Mahmud of Ghazni besieged and captured the local fort, which was located on the route from the northwest into the rich Ganges valley.
It was ruled by 
In 1190, Muhammad of Ghor attacked and occupied the fort of Bathinda. Prithviraj Chauhan, the ruler of this region, managed to recover possession of the fort thirteen months later in 1191 after the First Battle of Tarain. However, Prithviraj Chauhan was killed in the Second Battle of Tarain and the fort of Bathinda once again came under the control of Muhammad Ghori.

In 14th century present region of bathinda was ruled by Bhati and Bhanot rulers of that time.

1488, Bathinda was conquered by Rao Bika, son of Jodha of Mandore (founder of Jodhpur) and became part of Bikaner princely state. 

Bathinda was an important fort in the area from Delhi to Lahore during the time of the Delhi Sultanate.

In 1634, a battle named Battle of Lahira (at Lahira in Bathinda) was fought between Guru Hargobind and Mughals.

The town had become an important trade and commercial centre under Mughal rule and the Mughal Emperors such as Akbar and Aurangzeb undertook many projects to enhance the fort of Bathinda.

In circa 1754, the town was conquered by Maharaja Ala Singh, the Maharaja of Patiala and since then it followed the history of erstwhile princely state of Patiala. With the dawn of independence and merger of Patiala and East Punjab States into a division called Patiala and East Punjab States Union (PEPSU), Bathinda became a full-fledged district with headquarters at Bathinda city.

As per provisional reports of Census India, population of Bathinda city in 2011 is 285,813; male and female are 151,782 and 134,031 respectively. The sex ratio of Bathinda city is 868 females per 1000 males. The number of literate people in Bathinda city are 211,318 of which 118,888 are males while 92,430 are females, average literacy rate is 82.84 percent of which male and female literacy is 87.86 and 77.16 percent respectively. Total children (ages 0 to 6) in Bathinda city are 30,713: 16,472 boys and 14,241 girls. Child sex ratio of girls is 865 per 1000 boys.

Hinduism is the majority religion in Bathinda city with 62.61% people following the faith. Sikhism is the second most popular religion in the city which is followed by 35.04% of the people. Other religions include Islam, Christianity, Buddhism and Jainism. Sikhs count for 70.89% of the population in Bathinda District on a whole in spite of not being a majority in the city.

Roma people in New York City

There is a Macedonian Romani community in New York City. Macedonian Roma began immigrating to New York City in the late 1960s. Many Roma moved to New York City from other parts of the United States after relief programs were put into effect in the 1930s. Roma from Hungary went to New York after the revolution in 1956.

Roma people in South Africa

A small number of Kalderash gypsies live in South Africa.

Roma people in Georgia (country)

Approximately 1,500 Roma gypsies are registered in Georgia. The Roma primarily live in Tbilisi and Gachiani.

Romani cuisine

Romani cuisine is the cuisine of the ethnic Romani people. There is no specific "Roma cuisine"; it varies and is culinarily influenced by the respective countries where they have often lived for centuries. Hence, it is influenced by European cuisine even though the Romani people originated from the Indian subcontinent. Their cookery incorporates Indian and South Asian influences, but is also very similar to Hungarian cuisine. Baked hedgehog is a delicacy for Romani people in the United Kingdom and France. The hedgehog is wrapped in clay and placed on white-hot stones by the Roma gypsies. When the roasting is done, the prickles attached to the clay are pulled off and the hedgehog dish is served wrapped in leaves. There is a Romani restaurant in Maribor, Slovenia called "Romani Kafenava".

Megadiverse countries

A Megadiverse Country is a Nation that has many species of plants or animals, for a nation to be considered Megadiverse needs to have at least 5000 of the world's plants as endemics, it also needs to have marine ecosystems within its maritime borders. there are 17 megadiverse countries on Earth, these 17 countries are: and 

Mexican Australians

According to the 2016 Australian Census, 4,872 Mexicans lived in Australia. Mexicans are concentrated in New South Wales with the population of 1,703 followed by Victoria (1,478), Queensland (761) and Western Australia (359). The first Mexican person recorded in Australia was a male living in Tasmania in 1881.

Roma people in Russia

According to the 2010 national census, there were 204,958 Romani people living in the Russian Federation. Roma gypsies migrated to Russia in three main waves beginning at the late fifteenth century. In the mid-1920s Roma gypsies were classified as a national minority of Indian origin and policies in Russia were developed to assimilate them. In the 1930s many Roma were deported to Siberia. Russian Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev decreed that Roma must be settled in 1959.

Subdominant

In music, the subdominant is the name of a special chord. It consists of three tones played together. These three tones are on the fourth step of the respective scale. Jean-Philippe Rameau was the first to use this term. 

Hyde, Greater Manchester

Hyde is a town in Tameside, Greater Manchester. 34,003 people lived there in 2011. It used to be in Cheshire. 

It grew because of the cotton mills during the Industrial Revolution. There were 40 working mills, but only one is left in 2023. There was a coal mine, known as Hyde Colliery, in the town and in January 1889 an explosion there killed 23 miners.

The Peak Forest Canal goes through Hyde from Ashton-under-Lyne to Woodley, Romiley and Marple. There are six railway stations in the town.

The Moors murderers Ian Brady and Myra Hindley lived on the Hattersley estate in Hyde. Harold Shipman was a doctor in the town and most of the people he killed lived there. 

Cotton mill

A cotton mill is a building with spinning or weaving machinery to make yarn or cloth from cotton. Cotton mills were among the early factories in the Industrial Revolution.

Some of the earliest mills were driven by animals. Most early mills were built by rivers and streams using water wheels for power. Boulton and Watt started making powerful steam engines in1781. This led to the growth of larger, steam-powered mills in mill towns, like Manchester and Salford which had more than 50 mills by 1802.

The new jobs in the mills pulled people in from country areas and made the towns and cities grow. At first they often employed children. That was stopped by the Factory Acts. Many of the first mills were in Lancashire but they spread to the rest of the world. In 1860, there were 2650 cotton mills in Lancashire, employing 440,000 people.

In the twentieth century the mills changed to electric power. Many of them closed and those which are still working are mostly automated, with many fewer workers. Many of the large buildings are still standing. 

Greater Manchester Combined Authority

Greater Manchester Combined Authority has 11 members: the ten local council leaders and the Mayor of Greater Manchester as the eleventh member.  It is the local government for Greater Manchester. The first since the Greater Manchester County Council was closed in 1986. It was set up in 2011. 

It has powers over public transport, skills, housing, regeneration, waste management, carbon neutrality and planning permissions. 

It runs Transport for Greater Manchester.

Factory Acts

The Factory Acts were laws passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom beginning in 1802 to improve the conditions of workers in factories. The first ones were to protect young children employed in cotton mills. The Act of 1844. was concerned to protect women. After 1819 children under 9 were not supposed to be employed. The later ones limited the millworkers to a ten-hour day. After the 1860s more industries were brought within the Factory Acts.

There wasnt much enforcement until in 1833 a professional Factory Inspectorate was started. Before that it was down to local magistrates. The inspectors had the right to enter any cotton mill at work, and powers to introduce regulations. The inspectors are now part of the Health and Safety Executive.

One Night Love Affair

"One Night Love Affair" is a 1985 song by Canadian singer Bryan Adams and is the fifth single from his fourth studio album "Reckless". It went to number 13 in the United States, number 19 in Canada and number 85 in Australia. It did not chart in New Zealand.

Trent Boult

Trent Alexander Boult (born 22 July 1989 in Rotorua) was a New Zealand cricketer who played 78 tests, 99 one-day internationals and 55 twenty20 internationals from 2011 to 2022. He is the younger brother of Jono Boult. He grew up in Ōhope and Tauranga and is of Maori descent. He has taken two One-day Internationals hat-tricks in 2018 and 2019.


Tom Blundell (cricketer)

Thomas Ackland Blundell (born 1 September 1990 in Wellington, New Zealand) is a New Zealand cricketer who plays for Wellington in the Plunket Shield. He made his international debut in January 2017 and has scored four test centuries in test cricket.

Give Me a Reason (The Corrs song)

"Give Me a Reason" is a 2001 song by Irish band The Corrs and is the third single from their studio album "In Blue". It went to number 9 in Belgium and the Netherlands, number 13 in New Zealand, number 24 in Scotland, number 27 in the United Kingdom and number 68 in Australia.

UK and European CD single

European maxi-CD single

Australian CD single

Queen Mathilde of Belgium

Mathilde (born "Jonkvrouw" Countess Mathilde Marie Christine Ghislaine d'Udekem d'Acoz ; 20 January 1973) is Queen of the Belgians as the wife of King Philippe. She is the first native-born Belgian queen. She has founded and helped charities to decrease poverty in the country.

Mathilde Marie Christine Ghislaine d'Udekem d'Acoz was born on 20 January 1973 at Edith Cavell Hospital in Uccle, Belgium. Her parents are Count and Countess Patrick d'Udekem d'Acoz. Mathilde has three sisters: Marie-Alix, Elisabeth and Hélène, and one brother Charles-Henri. Her godfather is her uncle Count Raoul d'Udekem d'Acoz.

Titles and Styles 

20 January 1973-4 December 1999: Jonkvrouw Countess Mathilde d’Udekem d’Acoz

4 December 1999-21 July 2013 Her Royal Highness Princess Mathilde of Belgium, The Duchess of Brabant 

21 July 2013 Her Majesty The Queen of the Belgians 

Princess Elisabeth, Duchess of Brabant

Princess Elisabeth of Belgium, Duchess of Brabant (; ; born 25 October 2001) is the heir apparent to the Belgian throne. The eldest child of King Philippe and Queen Mathilde, she became heir apparent after her grandfather King Albert II abdicated in favour of her father on 21 July 2013.

The first child of the then Duke and Duchess of Brabant, Elisabeth was delivered by Caesarean section at 21:58 CET on 25 October 2001 at the Erasmus Hospital, the teaching hospital of Université libre de Bruxelles in Anderlecht, Brussels. She was baptized on 9 December 2001 in the chapel of Ciergnon Castle in the Belgian Ardennes, by Cardinal Godfried Danneels, the Archbishop of Mechelen-Brussels. Her godparents are Archduke Amedeo of Austria-Este (paternal cousin), and Countess Hélène d'Udekem d'Acoz (maternal aunt).

Titles and Styles and Honor

25 October 2001-21 July 2013: Her Royal Highness Princess Elisabeth of Belgium

21 July 2013-present Her Royal Highness Princess Elisabeth of Belgium, The Duchess of Brabant

Military Ranks 

-25 September 2020-26 September 2023: Officer Cadet, Belgian Royal Military Academy 

-26 September 2023-present Second Lieutenant, Belgian Land Component 

Honor

-Belgium: Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold (25 October 2019)

List of Belgian royal consorts

The wives of Belgian monarchs have all been titled Queen and styled Majesty, with the exception of Leopold III of Belgium's second wife Mary Lilian Baels, who was titled Princess of Belgium and Princess of Réthy. All Belgian monarchs so far have been male, so there have only been female consorts.

Tine (company)

TINE SA is a Norwegian dairy product cooperative. The company has a long history dating back to 1928 and has seen many name changes before being given the Tine brand name in 1992. Tine was ranked the world's #1 cooperative by size by the International Cooperative Alliance in 2008. The name "Tine" comes from an old Norweigan wooden container used for keeping butter and cheese fresh.

2001 Algarve Cup

The 2001 Algarve Cup was a soccer tournament for women's national teams held in Portugal. The tournament took place from March 9 to March 13, 2001. Eight teams participated in the tournament, which was won by the United States.

The teams were divided into two groups of four teams each. Each team played against the other teams in their group. The two teams with the most points in each group advanced to the semifinals.

In the semifinals, the winner of Group A played against the runner-up of Group B, and the winner of Group B played against the runner-up of Group A. The winners of these matches advanced to the final.

The United States won the tournament by defeating Norway in the final. Norway finished second, while China PR finished third.

The 2001 Algarve Cup was the eighth edition of the tournament. It is considered one of the most important women's soccer tournaments in the world. The tournament is named after the region of Algarve in Portugal where it takes place every year.

Georgism

Georgism is a way of thinking about economics and land use. It is based on the ideas of Henry George, an American economist and social philosopher. Georgists believe that people should have equal access to the benefits of land, which is a natural resource. They argue that the value of land comes from the community, and that this value should be shared equally among all members of society.

Georgism proposes a system of taxation that is based on the value of land. This is called a "" or "single tax". The idea is that people should pay a tax on the value of the land they own, but not on any improvements they make to the land. This would discourage land speculation and encourage the efficient use of land. Georgists believe that this would also promote social justice, by reducing inequality and poverty.

Georgism has been influential in many areas of economics and social policy. It has been used to support environmental conservation, urban planning, and social welfare programs. Georgists have also been involved in political movements, such as the Progressive movement in the United States and the Social Credit movement in Canada.

Critics of Georgism argue that it would be difficult to implement in practice, and that it could lead to unintended consequences, such as a reduction in the supply of land for productive use. They also question the idea that the value of land is created solely by the community, and suggest that individuals also play a role in creating value.

Despite its critics, Georgism remains an important idea in economics and social policy. It continues to be studied and debated by scholars and policymakers around the world, as they search for ways to create a more just and equitable society.

Henry George

Henry George was an American economist who lived during the 19th century. He was born in Philadelphia in 1839 and died in New York City in 1897. George is best known for his book "Progress and Poverty", which had a big impact on economic thought and politics in America and around the world.

In "Progress and Poverty", George argued that land should be owned by the community as a whole, rather than by individuals. He believed that if land were treated as a common resource, rather than a commodity to be bought and sold, it would benefit everyone, not just the wealthy.

George's ideas became known as Georgism, and they continue to be influential in modern discussions about economics and social justice. Georgism proposes a tax on the unimproved value of land, which would replace other forms of taxation and create a more equitable society.

Aside from his economic work, George was also involved in politics. He ran for mayor of New York City in 1886 on the United Labor Party ticket, and received over 30% of the vote. His campaign focused on issues of economic inequality and corruption in government.

George's ideas and legacy continue to be debated and studied to this day. His work has influenced figures as diverse as Winston Churchill, Sun Yat-sen, and Martin Luther King Jr.

Gliese 1

Gliese 1 is a red dwarf in the constellation Sculptor, which is found in the southern celestial hemisphere. It is one of the closest stars to the Sun, at a distance of 14.2 light years. Because of its closeness to the Earth it is a frequent object of study and much is known about its physical properties and composition. However, with an apparent magnitude of about 8.6 it is too faint to be seen with the naked eye.

Kentucky Rain

"Kentucky Rain" is a 1970 song by Elvis Presley as a non-album single. It went to number 6 in Canada, number 7 in Australia, number 10 in Canada, number 14 in Ireland, number 16 in the United States and number 21 in the United Kingdom.

Dancing at Lughnasa (movie)

Dancing at Lughnasa is a 1998 American British Irish historical drama movie directed by Pat O'Connor and was based on the 1990 play of the same name by Brian Friel. It stars Meryl Streep, Michael Gambon, Kathy Burke, Catherine McCormack, Sophie Thompson, Bríd Brennan, Rhys Ifans, Lorcan Cranitch, Carolyn Pickles and was distributed by FilmFour Distributors.


New York Minute (song)

"New York Minute" is a 1989 song by Don Henley and was taken from his album "The End of the Innocence". It went to number 48 in the United States in 1990 and has been associated to the September 11 attacks in New York.

Mosgiel

Mosgiel (Māori: "Te Konika o te Matamata") is a urban satellite town and is fifteen kilometers west of Dunedin, Otago, New Zealand. It has 5 primary schools and one high school in the town. It is the home of All Black coach Steve Hansen and rugby union and rugby league player Brad Thorn.

Peak Forest Canal

The Peak Forest Canal is a narrow (7-foot gauge) canal in northern England. It is 14.8 miles (23.8 km) long. There is a flight of 16 locks that raise the canal by 209 feet (64 m) over the course of 1 mile. It was opened in 1800.

It goes from Dukinfield in Tameside, where it joins the Ashton Canal and crosses the River Goyt at Marple where it meets the Macclesfield Canal. It goes on to the Bugsworth Basin in Derbyshire. The Peak Forest Tramway, which was 6 miles (9.7 km) long was used to bring limestone down from the quarries. There is a short branch to the centre of Whaley Bridge.

By the early 1960s it was in a very poor state but it has been restored.

Lock (water navigation)

A lock is a way of raising and lowering boats and ships between stretches of water of different levels on rivers and canals. There is a fixed chamber where the water level can be raised and lowered. 

A pound lock, the most common sort, has a chamber with gates at both ends that control the level of water. They were first used in China during the Song Dynasty (960–1279 AD). On rivers locks were built from turf. Most of them have been rebuilt in brick or stone. 

All pound locks have three elements:

Hormone replacement therapy

Hormone replacement therapy, also known as menopausal hormone therapy or postmenopausal hormone therapy, is a form of hormone therapy used to treat symptoms of the female menopause. Estrogens and progesterones are the main drugs used. Evidence shows that there are health benefits but there can be side effects.


Cosmic time

Cosmic time, or cosmological time, is the time coordinate commonly used in the Big Bang models of physical cosmology. Such time coordinate may be defined for a homogeneous, expanding universe so that the universe has the same density everywhere at each moment in time (the fact that this is possible means that the universe is, by definition, homogeneous). The clocks measuring cosmic time should move along the Hubble flow.

Cosmic time formula_1 is a measure of time by a physical clock with zero peculiar velocity (weird speed) without matter over-/under-densities (to prevent time expanding due to relativistic effects or confusions caused by expansion of the universe). Unlike other measures of time such as temperature, redshift, particle horizon, or Hubble horizon, the cosmic time (similar and combining in a way to make something better to the comoving coordinates) is blind to the expansion of the universe.

There are two main ways for establishing a reference point for the cosmic time. The most easy way is to take the present time as the cosmic reference point (sometimes referred to as the "lookback time").

In a different way, the Big Bang may be taken as reference to define formula_1 as the age of the universe, also known as time since the big bang. The current physical cosmology estimates the present age as 13.8 billion years. The formula_3 doesn't necessarily have to go along with a physical event (such as the cosmological singularity) but rather it refers to the point at which the scale factor would dissappear for a standard cosmological model such as Lambda-CDM model. For instance, in the case of inflation, In other words a non-standard cosmology, the hypothetical moment of big bang is still decided using the test result cosmological models which may happen at the same time as the end of the inflationary epoch. For technical purposes, ideas such as the average temperature of the universe (in units of eV) or the particle horizon are used when the early universe is the goal of a study since understanding the interaction among particles is more important and related than their time coordinate or age.

Cosmic time is the standard time coordinate for specifying the Friedmann–Lemaître–Robertson–Walker solutions of Einstein field equations.

Change of Heart (Jimmy Barnes song)

"Change of Heart" is a 1995 song by Jimmy Barnes and is the lead single from his eighth studio album "Psyclone". It went to number 17 in Australia and number 31 in New Zealand.

 CD Single (D11980)


Into Temptation (song)

"Into Temptation" is a 1988 song by Crowded House and third single from their second studio album "Temple of Low Men". It went to number 12 in the Netherlands, number 28 in Belgium, number 38 in New Zealand and number 59 in Australia. It was covered by Renée Geyer in 2005.

"All songs by Neil Finn except "This Is Massive" by Paul Hester."

"Released on 7" vinyl, CD and 12" vinyl."

"Released on 7" vinyl and cassette."

"Released on 12" vinyl."

Middlemarch, New Zealand

Middlemarch is a small town in the Otago region. It is 80 kilometers northwest of Dunedin. It has a primary school in the small town. It is the terminus of the Taieri Gorge Railway and is at the start of the Otago Central Rail Trail. It has hot summers and very cold and dry winters.

Söğüt

a Seljuk-Turk town in western Anatolia that later gave birth to the Ottoman Empire

State Academic Folk Dance Ensemble Faizi Gaskarov

The ensemble was formed in 1936-38. The first dancers were graduates of the ballet school and amateur dancers. In 1938, the ensemble was part of the Bashkir State Philharmonic. On March 11, 1939, Faizi Gaskarov, a student of Igor Moiseev, became the artistic director of the ensemble. In 1940 the group was formed as an independent ensemble. In the same year there were the first tours of Bashkortostan. Later there were tours to the USS, Turkey and other countries. In 1988, the ensemble was named after Fayzi Gaskarov.

The repertoire of the ensemble includes Bashkir dances 'Seven Girls', 'Gulnazira', 'Zarifa' and others. The ensemble also performs dances of the peopl of Russia.
The audience likes the American Country dance, the Argentine Gaucho dance, the Spanish Andalusian Evenings dance, and the Indian dance. The repertoire of the ensemble includes more than 140 folk dances of the world.

Thanks to the performances of the ensemble, people in different countries of the world learn about the Bashkir culture, about Bashkortostan. Only in recent years, the folk dance ensemble has toured in France, Italy, Spain, Switzerland and Germany. Turkey, Great Britain, in the countries of Southeast Asia.

Lactulose

Lactulose is a synthetic disaccharide (a special kind of sugar). It can be obtained from Lactose, at high temperatures. When milk is treated using heat, for example with pasteurization, some Lactulose will be result as well. Friedrich Petuely (1922-94) discovered that Lactulose also has properties that are useful for medical treatments: It is beneficial to the gut flora of infants. In larger quantities, in adults, it acts as a laxative. In the gut, Lactrulose favors the growth of bacteria that can process lactose. 

Scorpion (Marvel Comics)

Scorpion is the name of several fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, commonly serving as an enemy to Spider-Man and Iron Fist. The most well-known incarnation of the character is Mac Gargan. He later becomes a member of the Thunderbolts, and is later exposed to a Symbiote and becomes the third Venom as well as the first villain to take on the Spider-Man mantle when being part of the Dark Avengers.

Since his debut during the Silver Age of Comic Books, the character has featured in various Marvel-endorsed products and media adaptations, such as feature movies, television series and video games. He made his live-action debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "" (2017), portrayed by Michael Mando.

Self-incrimination

Self-incrimination is a concept that is found in many law systems. It means that a person cannot be forced to push carges against himself, or herself. This also includes the Right to silence. In many cases, this is also true about close family (parents, brothers/sisters). 

This rule can alreafy be found in the Code of Justinian, of the 6th century.

Virginia Dare

Virginia Dare was the daughter of Ananias Dare, and the first English child born in the Americas. The Roanoke Colony and its colonists, including Virginia, disappeared sometime between 1587 and 1590. 

Yul Edochie

Yul Edochie (born on 7 January 1982), also known as Yul Chibuike Daniel Edochie, is a Nigerian actor named after Russian actor Yul Brynner. He is from Anambra State, Nigeria and the son of Nigerian actor Pete Edochie.

He was raised both in Lagos and Enugu. He is the last of six children. He got married at the age of 22. He attended the University of Port Harcourt, where he received a Bachelor of Arts in Dramatic Arts.
He is married to May Aligwe and has 3 boys and a girl. They are Kambilichukwu Leo Edochie, Dani Edochie, Karl Edochie and Victory Zane Chukwubuike Edochie.
On 30 March 2023, it was reported that Kambi, Yul Edochie's first son, had died due to a seizure. The following day Isaiah Ogedegbe chided Prophet Samuel King for his total lack of sympathy for the Edochie's family when he came out to say that he had predicted Kambi's death before it happened.

According to BBC, Yul Edochie has reported Kambi's death to the Lagos State Police Command, who have started investigation into the matter.

Assigned to Danger

Assigned to Danger is a 1948 American crime drama thriller movie directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Gene Raymond, Noreen Nash, Robert Bice, Martin Kosleck, Mary Meade, Ralf Harolde, Gene Evans and Emory Parnell. It was distributed by Eagle-Lion Films.


Virginia Eliza Clemm Poe

Virginia Eliza Poe (née Clemm; August 15, 1822 January 30, 1847) was an American poetess who was the spouse (wife) of Edgar Allan Poe. She was the poetess of only a single poem. They were first cousins. They first met in 1829. She was seven at the time. 
Virginia Clemm was born in 1822 to parents William Clemm and his spouse (wife) Maria Poe. Virginia's father William died when she was still little. 

In 1829, when Virginia's first cousin Edgar Allan Poe, the infamous American poet, fell into poverty he moved into his aunt's house, where he met Virginia, then seven years old. Over the years, Edgar liked Virginia. He decided that he wanted to marry her in the summer of 1835, when she was 13, and he was 26. (This is only known through letters he wrote to his aunt Maria). Even though it habeen disputed when exactly when Edgar and Virginia got married (due to lack of records), it is known that they were already married shortly before Virginia turned 14. This means Edgar and Virginia got married in either 1835 or 1836.

Virginia's husband Edgar realized she had great talent in singing and encouraged her to sing songs. 

In 1841, Virginia began to cough frequently, especially while she sung songs to her husband and mother. 
Despite that, her husband Edgar, encouraged her to continue singing songs. The coughing continued for a while. 

By the middle of January 1842, while Virginia was singing, she coughed out some of her blood. At first, Edgar was very little concerned, but when the coughing got worse and more blood came out over time, Edgar got really concerned. Virginia was taken to a physician who diagnosed her with having tuberculosis. Upon hearing this, Edgar later moved her to the countryside hoping the nature over there would ease Virginia's pain. Virginia stayed in the countryside for around seven months, only to become weaker and much more ill during this time. On or around the 29th of January 1847, Virginia was so weak and ill that she was starting to die. 

Virginia died the next day on the 30th of January 1847, at the age of 24. 

Her body was buried in the nearby cemetery.

The Sorrows of Young Werther

The Sorrows of Young Werther (German: "Die Leiden des jungen Werthers" )is one of the most famous book of German author Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.

His style that pursuing the joy and sorrow of young people was epochal at the time when there was a lot of French aristocratic literature.It published in 1774.It was based on his experience．

New York City (painting)

New York City is a painting by Piet Mondrian. The painting was completed in 1942. It used to be known as New York City I It is on display in the Musée National d'Art Moderne at the Centre Pompidou in Paris, France.

There is an unfinished version of the work, called New York City I. It has strips of paper tape, which the artist could re-arrange to try what different designs would look like. The unfinished version is shown at the Kunstsammlung Nordrhein-Westfalen in Düsseldorf, Germany. In 2022, people discovered that the artwork had been hanging upside down for years. To avoid damaging the painting, its orientation was not changed.

"The Guardian" states that the painting was first shown at the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York City in 1945. The Netherlands Institute for Art History has no record of this exhibition, and says that the painting was first shown at the Valentine Gallery in New York City in 1946 for about three weeks. The estate of Piet Mondrian in New York City owned the painting until they sold it to the city's Sidney Janis Gallery in 1958. It was then briefly in the hands of Galerie Beyeler in Basel, Switzerland, in 1980. Kunstsammlung Nordrhein-Westfalen bought it later that same year.

Art historian Susanne Meyer-Büser announced in October 2022 that the artwork had been displayed upside down at the Kunstsammlung Nordrhein-Westfalen for decades. The other artwork "New York City" has a denser group of lines at the top of the painting, which were said to represent the sky, while "New York City I" was displayed with those lines at the bottom. A picture of the painting in the artist's studio also showed the painting with the denser lines at the top. There is no signature on the canvas. This might have added to the confusion. Mondrian had not signed the work, possibly because it was unfinished.

After the issue was pointed out, a number of people stated that the error was obvious. Because the work is very fragile, the museum decided to keep the painting oriented upside down. Changing the orientation of the painting might have caused parts of it to disintegrate; the adhesive used has deteriorated, some of the tapes are "hanging by a thread".

</references>

Online dating

Online dating is using websites or special applivations to find like-minded users to connect and interact with each other. People can find romantic relationships, or partners for sex on such platforms. Most often, people who are single use these platforms.

Commonly, peole create an account, and add details to their profile. The platform then allows them to find other people with similar profiles. When they are searching, people could then filter the results to only include other people who are close, or who are in a certain age range. 

Depending on the site, a user might be able to send a message to another user, or to do a voice call (often using VOIP). 

These sites also have a number of problems:


Sociologists have also pointed out other problems:


Koshi Province (Nepal)

Koshi Province (Nepali: कोशी प्रदेश),is one of the seven federal provinces of Nepal. It was established in 2015 by the current constitution of Nepal. It was originally called Province No. 1. On March 1, 2023, it was renamed after the Kosi River. The capital city is Biratnagar.

The province is bordered by the Tibet of China to the north, the Indian states of Sikkim and West Bengal to the east, and Bihar to the south, and Bagmati Province and Madhesh Province to the west. According to the 2021 Nepal census, there are around 5 million people in the province, with a population density of 190 per square kilometre. As per the 2011 Nepal census the province had around 4.5 million people.

Chief Minister of Koshi Province

The Chief Minister of Koshi Province is the head of government of Koshi Province.

Hikmat Karki cabinet

The Hikmat Kumar Karki cabinet is the 4th provincial government of Koshi Province. It was formed after Hikmat Kumar Karki was sworn in as Chief Minister of Koshi Province on 9 January 2023.

Parshuram Khapung

Parashuram Khapung is a Nepalese politician. He became the Governor of Koshi Province in 2021. He was appointed Governor, as per the Article 163 (2) of the Constitution of Nepal by the President Bidya Devi Bhandari on the recommendation of the Council of Ministers of the Government of Nepal on 11 November 2021. He is a former member of House of representatives.

Midcourse Space Experiment

The Midcourse Space Experiment (MSX) is a Ballistic Missile Defense Organization (BMDO) satellite experiment (unmanned space mission) to map bright infrared sources in space. MSX offered the first system demonstration of technology in space to identify and track ballistic missiles during their midcourse flight phase.

On 24 April 1996, the BMDO launched the MSX satellite on a Delta II booster from Vandenberg AFB, California. MSX was placed in a sun-synchronous orbit at 898 km and an inclination of 99.16 degrees. MSX's mission was to gather data in three spectral bands (long wavelength infrared, visible, and ultraviolet).

From 13 May 1998, MSX became a giving sensor to the Space Surveillance Network.

Lottie Williams was exercising in a park in Tulsa on January 22, 1997, when she was hit in the shoulder by a piece of blackened metallic material. U.S., Space Command confirmed that a used Delta II rocket from the April 1996 launch of the Midcourse Space Experiment had crashed into the atmosphere 30 minutes earlier. The object tapped her on the shoulder and fell off harmlessly onto the ground. Williams collected the item and NASA tests later showed that the piece was matching up with the materials of the rocket, and Nicholas Johnson, the agency's chief scientist for orbital debris, believes that she was in fact hit by a piece of the rocket.

Operational from 1996 to 1997, MSX mapped the galactic plane and areas either missed or identified as especially bright by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite (IRAS) at wavelengths of 4.29 μm, 4.35 μm, 8.28 μm, 12.13 μm, 14.65 μm, and 21.3 μm.

It carried the 33-cm SPIRIT III infrared telescope and interferometer–spectrometer with solid hydrogen-cooled five line-scanned infrared focal plane arrays (rows).
Calibration of MSX created a challenge for designers of the experiment, as baselines (measures of what occurs naturally) did not exist for the bands it would be observing under. Engineers solved the problem by having MSX fire projectiles of known composition in front of the detector, and calibrating the instruments to the known black-body curves of the objects. The MSX calibration serves as the basis for other satellites working in the same wavelength range, including AKARI (2006-2011) and the Spitzer Space Telescope (SST).

MSX data is now available in the Infrared Science Archive (IRSA) given by NASA's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center (IPAC). Group efforts between the Air Force Research Laboratory and IPAC has resulted in an archive containing images for about 15 percent of the sky, including the whole Galactic Plane, the Large Magellanic Cloud, and areas of the sky missed by IRAS.

The Borderers

The Borderers is a British television drama series that aired on BBC Two from 31 December, 1968 to 31 March, 1970. It ran for 26 episodes over two seasons with eleven episodes still missing. It was set during the 16th century and chronicled the lives of the Kerr family who lived in the Scottish Middle March. It starred Iain Cuthbertson, Michael Gambon, and Edith MacArthur.


Platymantis taylori

Platymantis taylori is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Luzon Island. People have seen it between 100 and 400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 26.6-33.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 30.7 to 39.8 mm long. There is no webbed skin on the front feet and only a small amount of webbed skin on the back feet. The skin on the frog's back is brown or gray-brown in color, with black spots.

Line of succession to the Liechtensteiner throne

Line of succession to the Bhutanese throne

The line of succession to the throne of Bhutan is based on the constitution of Bhutan.

The list is made up of the nearest family of the current monarch. The actual line of succession may be much longer as there could be other legitimate descendants of King Ugyen Wangchuck.

The legitimate descendants of King Ugyen Wangchuck are presently entitled to succeed. If a king dies leaving a pregnant wife, the unborn child will automatically assume a place in the line of succession if there is no male heir. A person loses his or her succession rights if he or she marries a person who is not a natural born Bhutanese citizen.

Prince Sverre Magnus of Norway

Prince Sverre Magnus of Norway (born 3 December 2005) is the younger child of Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit. He is third in line to succeed his grandfather King Harald V, after his father and elder sister, Princess Ingrid Alexandra.

Prince Sverre Magnus was born on 3 December 2005 at The National Hospital the Oslo University Hospital in Oslo, where his sister Princess Ingrid Alexandra had been born a year earlier.

The Constitution of Norway was changed in 1990 to introduce full primogeniture, ensuring that the crown would pass to the eldest child regardless of sex but keeping the Crown Prince ahead of his elder sister, Princess Märtha Louise. This change applied for the first time to the children of the Crown Prince, meaning that Sverre Magnus would not rank above his elder sister, as would have happened under the older constitutional rules. Sverre Magnus is third in the line of succession to the Norwegian throne following his sister. He is a member of the Royal Family but not of the Royal House, which includes only his grandparents, parents, and sister.



Prince Sverre Magnus is styled as "His Highness" Prince Sverre Magnus of Norway, as opposed to his sister, who is styled as "Her Royal Highness".


Håkøya

Håkøya is an island in Tromsø Municipality, Norway. It's a island located in between two other islands called Kvaløya and Tromsøya. It's close to a town called Eidkjosen and a city called Tromsø.

Most of the trees are on the higher parts of the island. People mostly live near the water, and there are houses, small holiday homes, and farms.

There is a bridge that connects Håkøya to Kvaløya called Håkøybrua. The bridge used to be made of wood, but now it's made of steel and concrete.

During World War II, a ship called the Tirpitz was on Håkøya. The ship belonged to Germany, and it was there for about a month. But then British planes came and bombed the ship, and it sank. Many people died, and there is now a memorial on Håkøya to remember them.

Princess Märtha of Sweden

Princess Märtha of Sweden (Märtha Sofia Lovisa Dagmar Thyra; 28 March 1901 – 5 April 1954) was Crown Princess of Norway as the wife of the future King Olav V from 1929 until her death in 1954. The current King Harald V is her only son. 

Princess Märtha was also a sister of Queen Astrid of Belgium, and a maternal aunt of Grand Duchess Joséphine-Charlotte of Luxembourg, King Baudouin of Belgium and King Albert II of Belgium.

Märtha was born at her parents' home of Arvfurstens Palats in Stockholm on 28 March 1901, the second child of Prince Carl of Sweden, Duke of Västergötland, and his wife Princess Ingeborg of Denmark. Her father was the younger brother of King Gustav V of Sweden (making her a first cousin twice removed of the present King of Sweden) and her mother was the younger sister of King Christian X of Denmark and of King Haakon VII of Norway.

Märtha had an elder sister, Princess Margaretha of Denmark, a younger sister, Queen Astrid of the Belgians, and a younger brother, Prince Carl Bernadotte. Märtha grew up to be much more confident and outgoing and so the daughter most admired by her mother.

As a child, Märtha was taught at home by private tutors and completed courses in childcare and first aid. She and her sisters were occasionally seen shopping unaccompanied on the streets of Stockholm.

During the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, Princess Märtha of Sweden became engaged to her first and second cousin, Prince Olav, only son and heir apparent of her uncle the King of Norway and grandson of her grandfather King Frederick VIII of Denmark's younger sister. News of the engagement was very well received. An excellent match for strengthening royal ties, it was also clearly a match based on love. Initially, her younger sister, Astrid, was expected to marry Olav, being younger than Olav by two years, while Märtha was two years older. Astrid was also considered more beautiful, but she instead married the future King of the Belgians Leopold III.

Following a year-long engagement, she married Crown Prince Olav in Oslo Cathedral on 21 March 1929. Märtha's was the first royal wedding in Norway in 340 years. The marriage is widely believed to have been a success due in large part to their genuine mutual love. They had three children: Ragnhild (1930–2012); Astrid (b. 1932); and the much awaited heir, Harald (b. 1937).

Crown Princess Märtha soon became a popular and respected member of the royal family, later performing a range of official engagements. She also gave many speeches, unusual for royal females in that era.

Crown Prince Olav and Crown Princess Märtha of Norway resided at the country estate of Skaugum, which was a wedding gift from Baron Fritz Wedel Jarlsberg. When the main house at Skaugum was destroyed by fire in 1930, the Crown Princess was actively involved in its rebuilding.

Tragedy struck Crown Princess Märtha in 1935 when her sister Queen Astrid of the Belgians was killed in a car crash. The two sisters had been very close. Later King Olav said that it took his wife more than ten years to come to terms with her sister's death, and he did not think that she ever really got over it. Märtha and elder sister Margaretha became a great support for Astrid's children in Belgium.

In 1939, shortly before the outbreak of World War II, the Crown Prince and Princess visited the United States. The couple befriended President Franklin Roosevelt and his wife, Eleanor.

In 1938 upon the death of her mother-in-law, Queen Maud, Crown Princess Märtha became the royal Norwegian court's senior lady.

Crown Princess Märtha contributed greatly towards Norway mobilizing for self-defence by making a public announcement on 26 January 1940 when she encouraged Norwegian women to participate in the mobilization work. During the flight from the German invasion in 9–10 April 1940, the Norwegian government decided that the Crown Princess and her children were to flee across the border to her native Sweden while her husband and father-in-law remained. When they arrived at the Swedish border, they were first denied entry because they could not provide passports; she then instructed her driver to run through the border gate, thus gaining entry into her native Sweden.

In Sweden she stayed at first at a tourist hotel in Sälen, before travelling on to Stockholm where her parents and relatives lived. Her presence in Sweden became problematic where some considered her presence to put Sweden's neutrality in jeopardy. President Roosevelt then offered her a personal invitation to the United States. Her uncle, King Gustav V of Sweden, telegraphed her father-in-law King Haakon and advised against the trip, but Märtha insisted on accepting the invitation. Roosevelt sent the US Army transport to the then Finnish port city of Petsamo to pick her up. In the U.S., she and her children initially stayed at the White House. Crown Prince Olav, however, accompanied his father to the United Kingdom with the Norwegian government-in-exile. Thus the Norwegian royal couple, like many other couples during that time, were separated for much of the war.
In August 1941, Crown Princess Märtha traveled with President Roosevelt aboard the presidential yacht, , and sailed to Newfoundland and the Atlantic Charter meetings with Winston Churchill.

Princess Märtha spent much of World War II in the United States, where she worked tirelessly to keep up support for Norway among the American public and government.

When she returned to Norway following the war in 1945, Princess Märtha received a hero's welcome and was referred to as "Mother of the Nation". She wholly embraced her role as Crown Princess of Norway and made tremendous efforts towards ensuring the stability and well-being of all Norwegians.

As King Haakon’s health declined, the Crown Prince and Crown Princess assumed a growing number of official engagements. The Crown Princess became involved in many official tasks, and even made the annual New Year’s Eve speeches in 1946 and 1950.
After the war, Crown Princess Märtha suffered from poor health.

After a long period of ill-health, Märtha died of cancer at The National Hospital in Oslo on 5 April 1954 and was buried at Akershus Castle.

Her death came at the time her elder daughter Princess Ragnhild was expecting her first child and just over three years before her husband ascended the throne as King.

A 970,000 km² area in Antarctica is named Princess Martha Coast in her honor.

A statue of the princess, created by was erected outside the Norwegian embassy in Washington, D.C. in 2005. In 2007, a replica of the statue was erected in the courtyard of the Royal Palace in Oslo. A third replica was erected outside The Norwegian Seamen`s Church in Stockholm, Sweden, unveiled by her daughter, Princess Astrid in 2008. This church, "Kronprinsesse Märthas kirke" is named after her.

Crown Princess Märtha’s Memorial Fund is a charitable trust administered by the Norwegian Crown. The Crown Princess's youngest daughter, Princess Astrid, serves as chairperson. Initially established as "Her Royal Highness Crown Princess Märtha’s Fund" on 1 April 1929, the fund "is to provide financial support to social and humanitarian initiatives carried out by non-governmental organizations." In 2005, the Fund had assets of approximately 28 million Norwegian krone (NOK), and issued grants totaling about 1.5 million NOK for roughly 300 recipients.

Her son King Harald V named his daughter Princess Märtha Louise after her grandmother.

The popular Swedish layer Princess cake was named for Märtha and her two sisters when they were children.

The ship , launched in 1929, was named after her. This ship which helped to save hundreds of passengers from the sinking German cruise ship "Dresden" in 1934 has, since 2000, been used as a hotel ship in Stockholm.

Märtha is depicted in the historical docudrama television miniseries, "Atlantic Crossing," a co-production of Cinenord and the state broadcaster, NRK.



Kjosen, Tromsø

Kjosen is a small town in Tromsø Municipality in Norway. The town is on Kvaløya island, about away from the city of Tromsø. It is located at the end of the Kaldfjorden, north of Kaldfjord village. Kvaløysletta village is located about to the east, and Ersfjordbotn village is located about to the west.

Kjosen is a very small town, covering an area of about . As of 2022, the town had a population of 370 people.

Princess Ragnhild, Mrs. Lorentzen

Princess Ragnhild, Mrs Lorentzen (Ragnhild Alexandra; 9 June 1930 – 16 September 2012), was the eldest child of King Olav V of Norway and Princess Märtha of Sweden. She was the older sister of King Harald V and Princess Astrid. She was the first royal to have been born in Norway since the Middle Ages. In 1953 she married the industrialist Erling Lorentzen, a member of the Lorentzen family of shipping magnates. In the same year they moved to Brazil, where her husband was an industrialist and a main owner of Aracruz Celulose. She lived in Brazil until her death 59 years later.


She was a great-great granddaughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and great granddaughter of Edward VII of the United Kingdom, thus a second cousin to Queen Elizabeth II. At the time of her birth she was 17th in the line of succession to the British throne, and 77th at the time of her death. Princess Ragnhild's maternal aunt was Queen Astrid of Belgium, which also made Princess Ragnhild a first cousin of kings Baudouin and Albert II of Belgium and of Joséphine-Charlotte of Belgium, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg. Through her maternal grandmother, Princess Ingeborg of Denmark, she was also a second cousin of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and Queen Anne Marie of Greece as well as a second cousin once removed of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden through her maternal grandfather Prince Carl of Sweden.


Princess Astrid, Mrs. Ferner

Princess Astrid, Mrs. Ferner (Astrid Maud Ingeborg; born 12 February 1932) is the second daughter of King Olav V and his wife, Princess Märtha of Sweden. She is the older sister of King Harald V of Norway and younger sister of the late Princess Ragnhild.

Princess Astrid was born on 12 February 1932 at Villa Solbakken to the future King Olav V and Crown Princess Märtha. She was baptized in the Palace Chapel on 31 March 1932 and her godparents were: her paternal grandparents, King Haakon VII and Queen Maud of Norway; her maternal grandparents, Prince Carl and Princess Ingeborg of Sweden; her maternal aunt, Princess Astrid, Duchess of Brabant; Elizabeth, Duchess of York (later Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother); Princess Thyra of Denmark; Prince Eugen of Sweden; and Prince George of the United Kingdom. Princess Astrid was named after her maternal aunt, paternal grandmother, and maternal grandmother.

Princess Astrid grew up on the royal estate of Skaugum in Asker and was privately educated during her childhood. During World War II, she joined her family fleeing the Nazis and spent the war with her mother, brother and sister in exile in Washington, DC.

Princess Astrid's mother died on 5 April 1954 from cancer at age 53 when Astrid was 22 years old. From her mother's death until her brother's marriage in August 1968, Princess Astrid was the senior lady of the court and acted as first lady of Norway, working side-by-side with her father on all representation duties, including state visits. Princess Astrid raised her family in Vinderen; she now lives in Nordmarka, Oslo. Her hobbies include knitting, embroidery, reading and painting porcelain.

In February 2012, Princess Astrid celebrated her 80th birthday with a private dinner at the Royal Palace in Oslo.

Princess Astrid married divorced commoner Johan Martin Ferner in Asker on 12 January 1961. Together, the couple have five children, seven grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.


Astrid is a great-granddaughter of King Edward VII of the United Kingdom and thus a second cousin to Queen Elizabeth II. At the time of her birth, she was 18th in the line of succession to the British throne.


Tromsø Cathedral

Tromsø Cathedral is a church in Tromsø, Norway. It is made of wood and was built in 1861 in the Gothic Revival style by Christian Heinrich Grosch. The cathedral has a tower and a main entrance on the west side. It can seat 618 people but originally had almost 1000 seats. Tromsø Cathedral is important because it is the only cathedral in Norway made of wood. It is also the most northern Protestant cathedral in the world. The first church on the site was built in 1252 by King Haakon IV. Not much is known about the previous churches, but it is likely that there has been a church on the site since the 13th century. The present cathedral was consecrated in 1861 and cost about 10,000 Speciedalers to build. The interior of the cathedral is decorated with a copy of the painting "Resurrection" by Adolph Tidemand and stained glass windows designed by Gustav Vigeland.

Kongsbakken Upper Secondary School

Kongsbakken Upper Secondary School is a modern school in Tromsø, Norway. It has many different types of classes and places to learn. In addition to traditional classrooms, the school has rooms designed for music, dance, and drama students. The school also has a large sports hall and outdoor sports facilities. The school's motto is "Knowledge, Respect, and Responsibility." During World War II, the school was closed down by German government officials who controlled and ruled over Norway during World War II , and the building was used as barracks. After the war, the school reopened, and the number of students continued to increase. In the 1960s and 1970s, the school was made bigger to allow a larger amount of students.

Ethel Cain

Hayden Silas Anhedönia (born March 24, 1998), known by her stage name Ethel Cain, is an American singer-songwriter. She was born in Tallahassee and lives in Pittsburgh.

Cain first started making music in 2017 under the name White Silas. She was inspired by Christian music and Gregorian chants. She released some music under that name on sites including Spotify, SoundCloud and Tumblr. In 2019, she changed to an alternative sound and started using the name Ethel Cain. Her music is Southern Gothic themed. She sings about poverty, substance abuse, domestic violence, death, and more.

Cain put out her first album in 2022 called "Preacher's Daughter". Many music critics called it one of the best albums of the year.

Hayden Silas Anhedönia was born in Tallahassee, Florida and raised in Perry. Her family is Southern Baptist. She is the oldest out of all her siblings. Her father was a deacon and she sang in the choir at his church when she was young. Cain started playing the piano when she was 8 years old because she was inspired by Karen Carpenter, the Steve Miller Band, and Christian music.

She came out as a gay man to her family when she was 12. She left the church when she was 16. When she turned 20, she came out as a trans woman.

In 2017, Cain thought about going to the film school at Florida State University. She started making choral inspired music on GarageBand with a lot of reverb. From 2017 to 2018, she posted some music just for her close friends and followers on Twitter and Instagram. She used the names White Silas and Atlas. In 2019, she released her first song as Ethel Cain, called 'Bruises'. Then she opened for at her concert in Chicago.

In September 2019, she released an EP called "Carpet Bed". She released another one called "Golden Age" three months later. said in an interview that he likes Ethel Cain's music.

In January 2020, Cain met a rapper named . He invited her to sign with a publishing company called Prescription Songs. In August 2020, Cain moved from Florida to Richmond, Indiana. In Richmond, she made an EP called "Inbred", which was released on April 23, 2021.

In May 2022, Cain released her first album called "Preacher's Daughter".

Ethel Cain still considers herself a Southern Baptist, but she says she is not a Christian and does not care about religion that much.

Cain is autistic, bisexual and transgender.

Nordnorsk Kunstmuseum

Nordnorsk Kunstmuseum is a museum in Northern Norway. The museum has many different artworks on display. It first opened in 1985 and moved to its current location in Tromsø in 2001. The building was first built to be a post and telegraph office in 1917. It was then used as a police station in 1967.
The museum has different exhibitions that change during the year. The exhibitions show art from different times and artists. They also have a collection with around 2,200 works. The museum collects art from many different sources, including private collections. They have art from artists like Peder Balke, Adelsteen Normann, and Olav Christopher Jenssen.

The museum is important for Northern Norway, and they have smaller exhibitions in different parts of the region. In 2015, they opened a new location called Kunsthall Svalbard. This location is dedicated to contemporary art and located in Longyearbyen, Svalbard. In 2017, Nordnorsk Kunstmuseum was named "Museum of the Year" in Norway.

All Saints Roman Catholic School, York

The All Saints Roman Catholic School, in Yorkshire, England, is made up of two schools in York. It has been said to be the best Catholic school in the North. The Upper School is for years 10-13 and contains the Sixth Form. The Lower Site is for years 7-9. The School was created in 1686. As it is the only Catholic school in the city of York, it is very important for Catholic teachings in the city.

All Saints is primarily a school for Catholic children from York and Yorkshire. However, it does accept students from other faiths and belief backgrounds.

When All Saints first opened in 1686, it was the first Catholic school to teach girls in Britain.

300 years ago, a group of angry locals threatened to rob the school and its convent, however it is said that Saint Michael appeared on a white horse with a large sword and scared them away.

During the 1800s, an additional building was built.

In 1925, the school became a grammar school.

During the Blitz in 1942, the school was bombed.

During the mid-1970s, the school began admitting boys. It then became a secondary school in 1985. This is also when the upper school building was purchased to accommodate the larger number of students.

The school was set up in 1920 in the original Manor building and stables, which was built in 1850 for Charles Heneage Elsley Esq., J.P. and Recorder of York.

In 1965, a plan was proposed to merge Mill Mount with Nunthorpe Grammar School to become a sixth form college. However, this plan did not succeed, and the site was sold to All Saints RC School.

In 1985 due to discussions on the reorganization of York's Catholic schools, St George's Secondary school closed. The school was merged into All Saints RC School, instead.

There have been three headteachers since 1985:


All Saints is the only Catholic secondary school in the area, it accepts students from all over Yorkshire. The school has links with English Martyrs Church, which is located 300 meters from the upper site. Every year, the whole school celebrates All Saints Day in the Minster.

The school has recently wanted to relocate to meet the demands of all its students, so in March 2022, local MP Rachael Maskell raised the subject of the school building's in the House of Commons. After this, the school was granted some money as part of the school rebuilding programme.

In 2022, 70% of pupils achieved a strong pass or above in GCSE English and Maths.

Almost 50% of the sixth forms' A level grades were at A* or A.

In November 2022, the school achieved the fifth position in northern schools ranking. It also managed first place in the Northern Comprehensive School, northern Catholic School and York Secondary School categories.






Alfheim Stadion

Romssa Arena is a football stadium located in Tromsø, Norway; Until 2023, its name was Alfheim Stadion. It is the home stadium of Tromsø IL, a Norwegian professional football club that currently competes in the Eliteserien. The stadium has a seating capacity of 6,691 and features an artificial turf ground. It is the second northernmost stadium to have been used in European football after the Finnmarkshallen, which is located to the northeast in Alta, Norway, and is home to Alta IF. The stadium was built in the 1960s and was upgraded in the 1980s, including the building of artificial turf in 2006, to address issues with the condition of the natural grass pitch during the winter months.

The Eras Tour

The Eras Tour is Taylor Swift's sixth concert tour. It began on March 17, 2023 in Arizona and is currently still happening. The tour is for all of her albums.

Each concert lasts over three hours, and Taylor Swift sings 44 songs.

The last tour before the Eras Tour was the Reputation Stadium Tour in 2018.

Swift was going to do a tour called Lover Fest in 2020 for her album "Lover" but it got cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

On the week Swift released her album "Midnights", her website in the United Kingdom said she was going to go on tour. On "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" on October 24, 2022, Swift said that she "should [go on tour]" and that "when it's time, [she will] do it". Then, 4 days later, on , she said a tour would happen "soon-ish".

On November 1, 2022, Swift announced the Eras Tour on "Good Morning America" and she said it is "a journey through the musical eras of [her] career". She started the tour in the United States in 2023. At each concert, there are two opening acts and they change every few days.

With the exception of two cities, the tickets for the concerts were sold only on , which is owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Because a lot of people tried to buy tickets to the concert, the website had a lot of issues and it was very hard to get tickets. They said "the site was unprepared to accommodate the sheer force of hundreds of thousands of Swift fans" and that hundreds of thousands of tickets were sold. Some congresspeople, including Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Amy Klobuchar, said that Ticketmaster violated competition laws. The United States Department of Justice started investigating Ticketmaster.

The Eras Tour Los Angeles concert at SoFi Stadium was recorded and made into a movie. It is going to be played at movie theaters in North America for four weekends starting on October 13, 2023. It was directed by Sam Wrench.

These are the songs that Taylor Swift performed on the first night of the tour. Most of the tour was similar, but sometimes she changes the setlist. All changes are listed below, and so are the surprise songs.

Act I: "Lover"

Act II: "Fearless"

Act III: "Evermore"

Act IV: "Reputation"

Act V: "Speak Now"

Act VI: "Red"

Act VII: "Folklore"

Act VIII: "1989"

Act IX: Surprise songs

Act X: "Midnights"


The ninth act is the "surprise songs", which are different at every show. The first is on the acoustic guitar and the second is on a piano. Sometimes there are special guests.

Willow (Joe Biden's cat)

Willow (born January 3, 2020) is a tabby domestic short-haired cat owned by President Joe Biden and First Lady Jill Biden. 

Willow is formerly a farm cat, born in 2020. As part of Joe Biden's 2020 presidential campaign, he promised to adopt a cat to live in the White House. In 2022, they adopted Willow.

List of current consorts of sovereigns



Salford City Council

Salford City Council is the local authority of the City of Salford in Greater Manchester. It is a metropolitan borough council, one of the ten in Greater Manchester. It was set up by the the Local Government Act 1972. It runs most of the local government services in Salford. It is part of the Greater Manchester Combined Authority.

The directly elected mayor is Paul Dennett.

Since 1973 political control of the council has been held by the Labour Party.

North Tyneside

North Tyneside is a metropolitan borough in Tyne and Wear, England. It is part of the greater Tyneside conurbation. North Tyneside Council has its main offices at Wallsend.

Newcastle upon Tyne is to the west, the North Sea is to the east, the River Tyne is to the south and Northumberland is to the north. Within North Tyneside are the towns of Wallsend, North Shields, Killingworth and Whitley Bay. it is part of a built-up area joining Newcastle.

There were 208,967 people living there in 2021.

It has a directly elected mayor, Norma Redfearn of the Labour Party.

South Tyneside

South Tyneside is a metropolitan borough in Tyne and Wear, North East England.

It is surrounded by the four other boroughs in Tyne and Wear – Gateshead to the west, Sunderland in the south, North Tyneside to the north, and Newcastle upon Tyne to the Northwest. 

There were 147,776 people living in the borough in 2021. 

The largest town is South Shields. Other large riverside towns are Jarrow and Hebburn. The area was a centre for shipbuilding and repairing, coal mining and exports, and the chemical industries. They all declined in the half of the 20th century and there was a lot of unemployment. 

Whitley Bay

Whitley Bay is a seaside town in North Tyneside in Tyne and Wear, England. It used to be in Northumberland and has been part of Tyne and Wear since 1974.

The opening of the North Tyne Loop railway line in 1882, connecting the coastal villages to Newcastle, helped the tourism industry in the town. The railway is now the Tyne and Wear Metro.

Municipal borough

Municipal boroughs were a type of local government district which existed in England and Wales between 1835 and 1974, in Northern Ireland from 1840 to 1973 and in the Republic of Ireland from 1840 to 2002. There were similar structures in Scotland from 1833 to 1975.

There were boroughs in England and Wales since the middle ages. In 1833 a Royal Commission investigated them. 263 towns in England and Wales had some form of corporation. The Municipal Corporations Act 1835 reformed the government of towns. It set up municipal boroughs. They each had an elected town council, with a mayor, aldermen and councillors. To vote in the elections voters had to own property in the area. The councillors were directly elected for a three-year term, If there were more than 6,000 people the area was divided into wards with separate elections held in each ward each year. There were then 178 municipal boroughs. 

The smaller boroughs which had not been reformed were mostly abolished in the 1880s by the Municipal Corporations Act 1883, except for the City of London Corporation. 

The Local Government Act 1888 created county councils across England and Wales. Boroughs were divided into two sorts, with some becoming county boroughs which were entirely self-governing and independent from county councils.

There were over 200 municipal boroughs in 1974 when they were abolished by the Local Government Act 1972. In England, they were replaced by metropolitan or non-metropolitan districts and in Wales by districts.

Similar things happened in Ireland under British rule. The Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898 set up the six largest cities - Belfast, Cork, Dublin, Limerick, Derry and Waterford as county boroughs. 

Adam (murder victim)

"Adam" was the name police gave to an unidentified boy whose torso was discovered in the River Thames in London, United Kingdom, on 21 September 2001. The child was between four and eight years old. Investigators believe the child was likely from southwestern Nigeria, and that several days before his murder, he had been trafficked to the United Kingdom for a ritual sacrifice. As of 2023, nobody has been charged with Adam's murder, and his true identity remains unknown. When he was found, the boy was wearing orange girls' shorts.

An examination done after the death of the boy found that he had been poisoned. His throat had been slit, likely to drain blood from his body. Also, his head and limbs had been removed. The boy likely came from a region of southwestern Nigeria near Benin City known as the birthplace of voodoo. Police think the boy may have been killed in a voodoo practice known as muti.

The Weight

"The Weight" is a 1968 debut single by Canadian-American The Band and taken from their debut studio album "Music from Big Pink". It went to number 63 in the United States, number 35 in Canada and number 21 in the United Kingdom. It is considered to be their best singles from the group. It was ranked #41 in the 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll. It has been covered by numerous artists.

Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester

Birgitte, Duchess of Gloucester, (born Birgitte Eva van Deurs Henriksen; 20 June 1946) is a Danish member of the British royal family. She is married to Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, a grandson of George V. They have three children.

Birgitte first met Prince Richard of Gloucester, the younger son of Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, and Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, in the late 1960s in Cambridge, where he attended university. In February 1972, their engagement was announced. They married on 8 July 1972 at St Andrew's Church, Barnwell, Northamptonshire.

Six weeks after their wedding, Prince Richard's elder brother, Prince William of Gloucester, was killed in a flying accident. Prince Richard unexpectedly became heir apparent to the dukedom and upon his father's death in 1974, the couple became the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester.

The couple have three children: Alexander (born 1974), Davina (born 1977), and Rose (born 1980). They were born at St Mary's Hospital, London. The Duke and Duchess officially reside at Kensington Palace.

20 June 1946-15 January 1966 Miss Birgitte Eva Henriksen

15 January 1966-8 June 1972 Miss Birgitte Eva van Deurs

8 July 1972-10 June 1974 Her Royal Highness Princess Richard of Gloucester 

10 June 1974 Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Gloucester 

In Scotland: Her Royal Highness The Countess of Ulster 

In Northern Ireland: Baroness Culloden 


Hålogaland Teater

Hålogaland Teater is a theater in northern Norway. It was built in 1971. The theater is in Tromsø and has a new building with three theaters. It shows different types of plays like drama, musicals, and plays for children. Many of the plays are in local Norwegian dialects. One of the theater's biggest successes was a play about a village hero named Oluf Rallkattli.

Taylor Swift (album)

Taylor Swift is the self-titled debut studio album by singer Taylor Swift. In the United States and Canada, it came out on October 24, 2006. In the rest of the world, it came out on March 18, 2008. It was released by Big Machine Records. This is a record label.

Taylor Swift decided to be a country singer when she watched a movie about Faith Hill. She wanted to move to Nashville, Tennessee because it is known as the home of country music.

She started making some songs to see if record labels would like them. She eventually joined Big Machine Records. She moved to Hendersonville, Tennessee because it is close to Nashville. She was one of the first people to be in Big Machine Records.

The first song on the album is called "Tim McGraw". It was released early on June 19, 2006.

The full album came out on October 24, 2006 in the United States and Canada. It came out on March 18, 2008 for the rest of the world.

Most critics liked the album "Taylor Swift". Some said the lyrical themes were childish and didn't have depth. Most said Swift's songwriting was good and used popular skills in a way that sounded new. On Metacritic, the album got 67 out of 100 points, based on five reviews.

In the United States, "Taylor Swift" didn't chart high at first. It became more popular over time. In its first week, it went to number 19 on the "Billboard" 200 chart and sold 40,000 copies. Because albums often drop in sales after they come out, Swift did not think it would stay on the chart for a long time: "I would be incredibly lucky to see this album certified Gold." She was wrong, however, and "Taylor Swift" kept selling a similar amount each week. By November 2007, the album had sold over a million copies.

At its highest, "Taylor Swift" was at number 14 on the Canadian Albums Chart and was certified Platinum by Music Canada (MC). In the Australian Albums Chart, it reached number 33 in March 2010, and was certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). It reached number 81 on the United Kingdom albums chart and was certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) because it sold more than 100,000 copies. As of October 2022, the album had sold 198,000 copies in the United Kingdom. It also appeared on the charts in New Zealand (number 38, at its highest point), Japan (53), Ireland (59) and Scotland (71).
"Taylor Swift" reached its highest position on different days in each country.

All the songs were written by Taylor Swift and Liz Rose and produced by Nathan Chapman, unless someone else is listed.

Body thetan

In Scientology, body thetans are immortal spirits of aliens killed by Xenu which put themselves inside the bodies of humans and cause them bad emotions and mental illness. Scientologists believe that people who finish training in the last levels of Scientology can use telepathy to help other people get rid of their body thetans and become happy.

Audit (Scientology)

In Scientology, auditing someone is using dianetics to solve their problems.

Queen of My Heart

"Queen of My Heart" is a 2001 song by Westlife and is the leading single from their third studio album "World of Our Own". It went to number 1 in Ireland, Scotland and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Sweden, number 4 in New Zealand, number 12 in the Netherlands and Norway and number 37 in Switzerland.




Victorian Legislative Council

The Legislative Council is Australia's domestic version of the upper house, and the rough equivalent of the Senate at federal level. The Australian state of Victoria follows this model.

1984–85 Austrian Cup

The 1984-85 Austrian Cup was the national cup in Austrian football. SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions. 

Originally 2 finals were planned, but Rapid and Austria agreed shortly before the first leg to only play one final in the Hanappi Stadium - Reasons: Austria wanted to play both games in the Hanappi Stadium for financial reasons, but this resulted in massive protests from their own supporters. On the date of the second leg of the final, a district festival was announced around the Hanappi Stadium, which, in view of the Brussels tragedy a few weeks earlier, would have been a risk. 
First round with teams from the first and second league.

Michael Konsel – Leo Lainer, Heribert Weber (100. Rudolf Weinhofer), Karl Brauneder, Reinhard Kienast, Antonín Panenka, Petar Bručić, Gerald Willfurth (75. Peter Hrstic), Zlatko Kranjčar, Hans Krankl, Peter Pacult<br>coach:Otto Barić

Franz Wohlfahrt – Erich Obermayer, Robert Frind, Johann Dihanich, Josef Degeorgi, Ewald Türmer, Herbert Prohaska (74. Fritz Drazan), Džemal Mustedanagić, Gerhard Steinkogler (110. Karl Daxbacher), Tibor Nyilasi, Alfred Drabits<br>
coach: Thomas Parits

Imitation of Life (song)

"Imitation of Life" is a 2001 song by alternative rock band R.E.M. and is the leading single from their 12th studio album "Reveal". It went to number 3 in Italy and Spain, number 4 in Norway, number 5 in Canada and Scotland, number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in Denmark and Ireland, number 14 in Finland, number 18 in New Zealand, number 19 in Austria, number 32 in Australia and Sweden and number 35 in Germany. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2002. It was named after the 1933 novel of the same name by Fannie Hurst.

All songs were written by Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe.




Municipalities of Vietnam

The municipalties of Vietnam are cities in Vietnam that have the same government status as a province. Vietnam has 58 provinces and 5 municipalities. The municipalities are Hanoi (Vietnam's capital), Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnam's most populated city), Haiphong, Cantho, and Danang. Each of these cities are also the five most populated cities in Vietnam.

Pilbara Craton

The Pilbara Craton is one of only two unntouched Archaean 3.8–2.7 Ga (billion years ago) crusts identified on the Earth.

The other is the Kaapvaal Craton in South Africa. The youngest rocks are 1.7 Ga old in the historic area assigned to the Craton. Both locations may have once been part of the Vaalbara supercontinent or the continent of Ur.

Princess Birgitta of Sweden

Princess Birgitta of Sweden (Birgitta Ingeborg Alice; born 19 January 1937) is an elder sister of King Carl XVI Gustaf.

She was born at Haga Palace in Stockholm. She is the second child of Prince Gustaf Adolf, Duke of Västerbotten, and Princess Sibylla of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and a granddaughter of King Gustaf VI Adolf. Her sisters are Princess Margaretha, Mrs. Ambler, Princess Désirée, Baroness Silfverschiöld, and Princess Christina, Mrs. Magnuson. She is a first cousin of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and Queen Anne-Marie of Greece. 

In 1959, Birgitta met Prince Johann Georg of Hohenzollern at a cocktail party in Germany. On 15 December 1960, their engagement was announced.

The couple married in a civil ceremony in the Hall of State of the Royal Palace of Stockholm on 25 May 1961. The bridesmaids were the bride’s sister Princess Christina and cousin Princess Benedikte of Denmark; the groomsmen were the bride's brother Crown Prince Carl Gustaf and her cousin Count Michael Bernadotte of Wisborg (son of Sigvard Bernadotte). A Roman Catholic ceremony was held at Sankt Johann Church at the groom's family seat of Sigmaringen, Germany, on 30 May 1961.

Princess Birgitta and Prince Johann Georg had three children:

Prince Johann Georg and Princess Birgitta separated in 1990, although they stayed legally married (they did not divorce). She lived on the island of Majorca in Spain, while her husband lived in Munich. He died in 2016.


Cars in North Korea

The automotive industry in North Korea is a branch of the national economy, with much lower production than the automotive industry in South Korea. In North Korea, motor vehicle production is focused on military and industrial goals, including construction; few private citizens own cars. It is estimated that only about 2% of the population own cars. The majority of North Koreans are not able to afford a car, and even if they could, gasoline is rationed and hard to come by. There are very few roads and even fewer cars, so even those who do have cars don’t have much opportunity to use them.

The North Korean automobile industry had its origins during the Soviet era, and the DPRK began motor-vehicle production with licenses obtained from the USSR. North Korea’s first domestically produced automobiles were copies of Soviet designs, such as the GAZ-51 midi-truck, the GAZ 69 off-road four-wheel drive vehicle, and the GAZ-M20 Pobeda passenger car. The Sungri Motor Plant in Tokchon has been North Korea’s first and largest motor vehicle plant since 1950, producing urban and off-road passenger cars and small, medium, and heavy cargo, haulage, construction, and off-road trucks and buses under the names Sungri and Jaju, among others. It was the most capable plant of the North Korean automotive industry before being surpassed by Pyeonghwa Motors. Pyeonghwa Motors in Nampo is an auto manufacturing and retailing joint venture between South Korea’s Pyeonghwa Motors and the North Korea’s Ryonbong General Corp. Pyeonghwa Motors products are sold under the names Hwiparam, Bbeokgugi (Peokkugi) and Zunma: small and luxury cars, minivans, SUVs and pick-up trucks under license. However, most North Koreans are unable to own cars.

Robert Motherwell

Robert Motherwell (January 24, 1915 – July 16, 1991) was an American artist. He was an important painter in the abstract expressionist movement.

Motherwell was born in Aberdeen, Washington in 1915. When he was 11 years old, he was given money to study art. In 1932 he studied painting at the California School of Fine Arts in San Francisco. After getting a B. A. from Stanford University in 1937, he began to study philosophy at Harvard University. He studied in Europe for a year. He had his first art show in Paris in 1939. 

Back in New York, he was friends with artists William Baziotes, Willem de Kooning, Hans Hofmann, and Jackson Pollock. He was married to the painter Helen Frankenthaler from 1958 until 1971.

Motherwell died in 1991, at Cape Cod, Massachusetts.

Aake

Aake is a given name.


Aaliyah (given name)

Aaliyah is a female given name meaning "exalted one".


Aaly

Aaly is an Asian given name. 


Aamir

Aamir is a name commonly used in the Indian subcontinent that comes from the Arabic name Amer. The spelling of Aamir is just a variation of Amer.


Aapo

Aapo is a name used in Finland and Estonia, and it comes from the name Abraham.


Ward (electoral subdivision)

A ward is a local government area, mostly used for elections.

In some countries, wards are given names. It is common in the United States for wards to simply be numbered. In Ireland they are called electoral divisions. In Australia, some local government areas (LGAs) have wards; some of them are numbered and others have names. Most Australian wards elect multiple members, but some (such as those of the Brisbane City Council) elect only one member per ward.

The word "ward" seems have first been used in the City of London in the the 11th century. There are now 25 wards there, all very small.

In Australia, some local government areas (LGAs) have wards. Most of these are multi-member wards, but some are single-member wards. Some wards are named, while others are numbered. Most LGAs that have wards are in cities.

The Brisbane City Council, the council that governs the City of Brisbane (the LGA representing most of Brisbane) but acting rather like a state parliament, has 26 single-member wards. These wards elect 26 of the 27 councillors; the remaining seat is held by the Lord Mayor who is directly elected.

The Local Government Boundary Commissions change the wards quite often, especially in cities, to try and keep the numbers fair. This can make it hard to keep track of statistics over time.

Tromsøysundet

Tromsøysundet is a body of water in Norway. It is long and separates the island of Tromsøya from the mainland. The body of water is crossed by a tunnel and a bridge. It connects to other fjords and .

Tromsøysund Tunnel

The Tromsøysund Tunnel is a road tunnel in Norway. It goes under the sea and connects the island of Tromsøya with the mainland. It is part of a big road called European route E08. The tunnel has two sections and each section has two lanes for cars. One tube is 3,500 meters long and the other is 3,386 meters long. The tunnel goes down to 102 meters below sea level.

The tunnel opened on December 3, 1994. It was built to help with traffic problems on the Tromsø Bridge. The tunnel comes out near the University of Tromsø and the University Hospital of North Norway on the island side. On the mainland side, it comes out at a place called Tomasjord.

Tromsø Airport

Tromsø Airport is an airport in Norway. It is found in Tromsø city, which is part of Tromsø Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county. The airport's longest runway is long. It is owned by the company Avinor. In 2014, the airport had 1,910,692 passengers, 43,219 aircraft movements, and 2,758 tonnes of cargo. This made Tromsø Airport the fifth-busiest airport in Norway.

The airport was opened in 1964 and replaced the older Tromsø Airport, Skattøra, which was a water airport. Tromsø Airport is the main airport for Widerøe's regional flights to Troms og Finnmark. Scandinavian Airlines (SAS) operated main flights to other big airports. Braathens SAFE and its Busy Bee branch operated from Tromsø from 1967 to 2002. Norwegian Air Shuttle and Lufttransport also have operations at Tromsø. The current Terminal B was built in 1977. Terminal A opened in 1997 after a runway was made longer and a new control tower was built.

Võro language

Võro language is a Finno-Ugric language spoken primarily in the Võru County of southeastern Estonia. It is also known as Võro kiil, Võru language, or Seto-Võro language. With an estimated 75,000 speakers, Võro language is recognized as a minority language in Estonia, and it has been the subject of ongoing efforts to promote its use and preserve its cultural heritage.

The Võro language has a complex history, with roots that can be traced back to the Finno-Ugric language family, which includes other languages spoken in northern and eastern Europe. Throughout its history, the Võro language has evolved and changed, influenced by cultural and linguistic factors from the region. Today, it is recognized as an important regional language of Estonia, with its own distinct grammar, vocabulary, and cultural identity.

One of the defining features of the Võro language is its distinctive accent and pronunciation. Võro language has a rich set of vowels and consonants, and its intonation patterns and stress placement are unique compared to other languages. The language also has a rich vocabulary, with many words borrowed from neighboring languages such as Latvian and Russian, as well as its own unique terminology for cultural concepts and traditional practices.

In terms of grammar, Võro language has a complex system of cases, with several different cases used to denote the subject, object, and other grammatical elements in a sentence. The language also has a rich system of verb conjugation and agreement, with different verb forms used to indicate tense, aspect, and mood.

The Võro language has several dialects, which can vary in their pronunciation, vocabulary, and grammar. Some of the main dialects include Central Võro, Haanja Võro, Seto-Võro, and Leelo Võro. Despite these differences, however, speakers of different dialects can usually understand each other without too much difficulty.

Despite being a minority language, the Võro language has played an important role in Estonian cultural heritage. The language has been the subject of numerous works of literature, including poetry, fiction, and drama, and there are many traditional songs and dances that are performed in Võro language. Efforts have been made to promote the use of the language, including the establishment of the Võro Institute in 1995, which is dedicated to the study and preservation of Võro language and culture. In addition, Võro language is taught in some schools in the Võru County, and there are cultural events and festivals that celebrate the language and its heritage.

In conclusion, Võro language is a unique and important part of Estonia's cultural heritage, with its own distinctive grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. Despite being a minority language, it has played a significant role in Estonian cultural identity and continues to be the focus of efforts to promote its use and preserve its cultural heritage.

During the 18th century, Estonia was part of the Swedish Empire, and the Võru County was located on the eastern border of the empire. The region was sparsely populated, with small villages and farms scattered throughout the countryside. The economy was largely based on agriculture and forestry, with some trade and handicrafts also present.

Given the isolation and relative poverty of the region, it is likely that the Võro language was still very much a rural and traditional language during the 18th century. It would have been spoken primarily by the peasant class, who made up the majority of the population. The language would have been transmitted orally from generation to generation, with little or no formal education in the language.

One of the defining features of the Võro language is its rich set of vowel sounds and its complex system of cases. It is likely that these features were already present in the language during the 18th century, although they may have been somewhat different from their modern forms. The language would also have had a distinct vocabulary, with many words related to traditional agricultural practices, crafts, and other aspects of rural life.

During the 18th century, there were few opportunities for literary expression in the Võro language. It is possible that some traditional songs, poems, and stories were passed down orally, but these would have been largely unknown outside of the local community. It was not until the 19th and 20th centuries that the Võro language began to be used in written form, as part of a wider movement to promote the use and preservation of minority languages.

In conclusion, while there is little direct information available on the Võro language in the 18th century, it is likely that the language was still a rural and traditional language, spoken primarily by the peasant class. Its grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation would have been different from their modern forms, but the language would have had many of the same distinctive features that it has today.

The Võro language has a rich and diverse set of dialects, reflecting the language's long history and the many influences that have shaped it over time. These dialects are typically associated with specific regions within the historical Võrumaa area, and can vary significantly in terms of pronunciation, grammar, and vocabulary.

One of the most distinctive dialects of Võro is Seto, which is spoken in southeastern Estonia and southwestern Russia. Seto has been recognized as a separate language by some linguists, and is notable for its use of a unique writing system known as the "Old Orthography." Other dialects of Võro include Mulgi, spoken in the Mulgimaa region, and Karula, spoken in the Karula National Park area.

Despite the regional variation of the dialects, speakers of Võro can generally understand one another, and there is a strong sense of linguistic unity among the Võro community. However, the dialects are not static, and have been subject to change over time due to factors such as migration, social and cultural shifts, and contact with other languages.

Linguists have identified a number of features that distinguish the different Võro dialects. For example, the Seto dialect is known for its use of the velar fricative /x/ in place of the standard Võro /h/, while the Mulgi dialect is known for its use of the sound /ɨ/ in place of the standard Võro /i/.

Despite the importance of dialect variation within the Võro language, efforts have been made to promote a standard written form of the language, known as "Võro kiil". This standard form is based on the central dialect of Võru, and is used in written materials such as books, newspapers, and online publications. However, many speakers of Võro continue to use their own regional dialect in everyday conversation, and there is a strong sense of pride in the diversity of dialects that make up this unique and vibrant language community.
Great Norwegian Encyclopedia

The Great Norwegian Encyclopedia or Store Norske Leksikon (SNL) is an online encyclopedia in Norwegian. It is one of the most popular Norwegian websites with over two million visitors each month. SNL was created in 1978 when two publishing houses, Aschehoug and Gyldendal, merged their encyclopedias. Before 1978, they had published their own encyclopedias. The online version of SNL was launched in 2000 and became free to use in 2009. In 2010, Kunnskapsforlaget, the company that owned SNL, announced that they would close the online encyclopedia due to lack of funds. In 2011, two groups called Fritt Ord and Sparebankstiftelsen DNB bought the encyclopedia. In 2014, they made an association with members from universities and non-profit groups. In 2016, they hired a new chief editor, Erik Bolstad.

Platymantis diesmosi

The Mount Malinao forest frog ("Platymantis diesmosi") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Luzon Island. People have seen it in the forest between 900 and 1160 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 28.3-39.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog isabout 49.8-52.7 mm long. Unlike other frogs in "Platymantis", it does not climb trees much. Instead it lives on the ground. It does have disks on its toes for climbing, but they are smaller than the disks of other frogs in "Platymantis". This frog is dark brown in color with a white mark between its eyes. The tops of its legs are lighter brown with black marks. The iris of the eye is gold in color on top and darker gold on the bottom.

This frog lives in the place where water flows into the Tiwi River. This is where the people in the town of Tiwi get their drinking water. This means that the frog and the people need the same water to be clean.

This frog is in danger of dying out. This is because humans change the places where the frog lives. They build farms and cut down trees so animals can eat grass.

Alvin Bragg

Alvin Leonard Bragg Jr. (born October 21, 1973) is an American politician, attorney and the current New York County District Attorney since 2022. In 2021, Bragg became the first African American elected to the office. He had previously served as chief deputy attorney general of New York and as an assistant United States attorney in the Southern District of New York.

Caitlin Clark

Caitlin Clark (born January 22, 2002) is an American basketball player. She currently plays at the point guard position in NCAA Division I college basketball for the Iowa Hawkeyes women's team.

She went to high school at Dowling Catholic High School in West Des Moines, Iowa. Many colleges aimed to get her to play for their women's basketball program. Clark chose to state in her home state and play for the Hawkeyes. 

Clark led Division I in scoring as a freshman, sharing Freshman of the Year honors and being named an All-American. She again led Division I in scoring as a sophomore, but also led in assists, being the first to lead in both in a single season. For her second season, she was named a unanimous All-American. In her junior season at Iowa, she led the Hawkeyes to a national championship game appearance for the first time in the school's history. She was again named a Unanimous All-American and was named the Player of the Year by many media publications.

Clark began her freshman season at Iowa as the team's starting point guard. She played her first game on November 25, 2020 against Northern Iowa, which ended in a 96–81 win for the Hawkeyes. In the win, she scored 27 points and also had eight rebounds and four assists. In her next game, she posted her first career double-double with 30 points and 13 assists in a win over Drake. On December 22, she posted her first career triple-double as Iowa beat Western Illinois. Clark shot the ball at a low percentage, but still scored 13 points, and had 13 rebounds and 10 assists. On February 11, 2021 she scored a season-high 39 points in a win against Nebraska. Clark added 10 rebounds and seven assists in the game. She finished the regular season being named the Big Ten Freshman of the Year and a unanimous first-team All-Big Ten selection.

Clark and Iowa finished as the runners-up of the Big Ten Tournament. In the second round of the NCAA Division I women's tournament, Clark scored 35 points and made 6 three-pointers in a win against Kentucky. Both were schools records in tournament play. With the win, Iowa reached the Sweet 16 round. In that round, Clark scored 21 points as Iowa lost to UConn 92–72.

At the end of the season, the United States Basketball Writers Association (USBWA) named her a first-team All-American. The Associated Press (AP) also named her as a second-team All-American. Clark was also named to the Women's Basketball Coaches Association (WBCA) Coaches' All-America team. She became the first freshman to win the Dawn Staley Award, which is given to Division I's best point guard. Additionally, Clark and UConn's Paige Bueckers were named the WBCA Co-Freshmen of the Year. The two also shared that year's Tamika Catchings Award, the USBWA's Freshman of the Year honor. Clark finished her freshman season averaging 26.6 points, 7.1 assists, and 5.9 rebounds per game (rpg). Her 26.6 points per game (ppg) led Division I women's basketball in scoring and also set an Iowa freshman record.

Clark began her second season at Iowa with 26 points, eight rebounds, and six assists in a 93–50 win against New Hampshire. On January 2, 2022, Clark scored 44 points in a big 93–56 win over Evansville. During the game, she reached 1,000 career points, setting a Big Ten women's record as the fastest player to do so. Later in January, she had two triple-doubles in a row in wins over Nebraska and Minnesota. She scored 30 points in both games, becoming the first NCAA Division I player in either men's or women's basketball to post two 30-point triple-doubles in a row. Then on January 25, she had 18 assists in a win against Penn State. This set an an Iowa record and tied the Big Ten Conference record for assists in a single game. On February 6, she scored her career high of 46 points, but Iowa lost to Michigan. Clark was named the Big Ten Conference's Player of the Year by coaches and media. She also was named a unanimous All-Big Ten player.

Clark helped Iowa win the Big Ten conference tournament and was named the tournament's most outstanding player (MOP). Iowa was expected to make a run in the NCAA tournament but Creighton upset the Hawkeyes in the second round. Clark had a season-low 15 points against Creighton and shot poorly, making only 4-of-19 attempts.

For her performance in her second season, Clark was named a unanimous All-American. Clark also won the Dawn Staley Award again, becoming the first player to win it twice and in back-to-back seasons. Clark also won the Nancy Lieberman Award, another award given to Division I's top point guard. Clark finished the season averaging 27 points, eight rebounds, and eight assists per game (apg). She led Division I in ppg and apg, becoming the first player to do so.

During the preseason of her junior year, basketball coaches and media set high expectations of Clark. She was unanimously picked to be on the AP preseason All-America team. Early into the season, Clark suffered an ankle injury with just a few seconds left in a game against Kansas State. The Hawkeyes lost that game 83–84. Despite the injury, Clark played the next game to help the Hawkeyes win against Belmont. On December 1, she scored her season-high of 45 points, but Iowa lost to NC State.

Hold on My Heart

"Hold on My Heart" is a 1992 song by Genesis and is the third single from their 14th studio album "We Can't Dance". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 4 in Denmark, number 12 in the United States, number 13 in the Netherlands, number 16 in the United Kingdom and Belgium, number 19 in Finland and number 20 in Ireland.

7-inch and cassette single

UK CD single

Australian and Japanese CD single

Michelle Ruff

Michelle Ruff is a American voice actress. She is best known for voicing Luna from "Sailor Moon" as well as other characters in various anime.

Inauguration of Benjamin Harrison

The inauguration of Benjamin Harrison as the 23rd president of the United States happened on March 4, 1889. It was the start of the only term of Benjamin Harrison as president and Levi P. Morton as vice president.

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 26th presidential inauguration. Chief Justice Melville Fuller administered the oath of office to Harrison. John James Ingalls administered the vice presidential oath of office to Morton.

The inauguration happened during a rainstorm in Washington D.C. Harrison's speech was short, and he spoke about the growth of the United States due to education and religion. He also told the states that harvested cotton and did mining to use the industrial technology the eastern part of the United States had. Harrison also talked about the territories to become US states, and for a raise in pension for veterans. He also talked about the Monroe Doctrine, as well as wanting a better and more modern Navy.

John Philip Sousa's band played at the Inaugural Ball. After the inauguration, Harrison stated his desire for an office separate from the White House, saying "There is only a door – one that is never locked – between the president's office and what are not very accurately called his private apartments. There should be an executive office building, not too far away, but wholly distinct from the dwelling house. For everyone else in the public service there is an unroofed space between the bedroom and the desk."


Vasilissa (child martyr)

Vasilissa, Holy Martyr (300309) was a small child when martyred, suffering in Nicomedia not long after the death of Anthimus. According to the Russian Orthodox tradition, the torturers covered her whole body with wounds, but she remained faithful to Christ. She was also tortured with fire and was before wild beasts, yet remained unscathed. Her torturer, Alexander, seeing those wonders, repented and became a Christian. Vasilissa went out into a field, fell on her knees and prayed to God, thanking Him for her endurance under torture, and, while thus praying, gave her soul into God's hands. 
She died in 309 in Nicomedia. 

Charles Chaplin Jr.

Charles Spencer Chaplin III (May 5, 1925 – March 20, 1968), known professionally as Charles Chaplin Jr., was an American actor. He was the elder son of Charlie Chaplin and Lita Grey, and is known for appearing in 1950s films such as "The Beat Generation" and "Fangs of the Wild".


Countryliner

Countryliner was a bus company in Uckfield in England. It was big, running more than fifty bus services mostly in Sussex. The company closed on the 18th of January 2013 under a new bus operating licence called SwiftBus Limited that was before that known as the RJB (UK) Limited licence. The main Countryliner company closed on the 8th of October 2012. 
The Countryliner company got involved in a Surrey County Council public inquiry which asked people what they thought about Countryliner. Countryliner was in quite a lot of debt, so they paid it as much of it off to try and stop the company from closing. Sadly, the company got closed because their buses had high M.O.T. failures.
Countryliner's buses went to Sunray Travel when Sunray Travel started to drive service 479 Guildford-Epsom commercially.
Countryliner used a mixture of Plaxton Pointer Dennis Darts, MAN 12.220 MCV Evolutions, Optare Excels, Plaxton Premieres and more for their bus and school services.

Lawrence, New Zealand

Lawrence is a small town in Otago, New Zealand. It is situated 35 kilometers northwest of Milton and 11 kilometers northwest of Waitahuna. It is located on State Highway 8 to the inland towns of Alexandra and Queenstown. It has an area school and a church within the township.

Caffè mocha

Mocha, also known as a café mocha or mochaccino, is another popular coffee drink that originated in Italy. The coffee bean in Mocha typically comes from the port of Mocha, Yemen, which has a distinct chocolate flavor. Mocha includes a shot of espresso and some steamed milk with chocolate syrup or coco-powder. The drink is served with a topping of milk foam or whipped cream.

Making a mocha is similar to that of a latte with the addition of ingredients such as chocolate syrup or cocoa powder. A typical mocha might contain one part espresso, one part milk, and one part chocolate syrup.

Joanna of Castile

Joanna of Castile (6 November 1479 – 12 April 1555), also known as Joanna the Mad, was a reigning queen of Castile and Aragon. She was the daughter of Isabella of Castile and Ferdinand II of Aragon. When her mother died in 1504, Joanna became Queen of Castile. However, her father ruled instead of her. When her father died in 1516, Joanna became Queen of Aragon, but her son Charles I reigned as king also.

Despite her titles, Joanna never really acted as queen. Her father had her locked in the royal palace. Later her son had her locked in a convent. 

GeoGebra

GeoGebra is an interactive geometry, algebra, statistics and calculus applications, intended of learning and teaching mathematics and geometry or science from a primary school to university level. GeoGebra is available on multiple platforms, with apps for desktops (Windows, macOS and Linux), tablets (Android, iPad and Windows) and web. It is owned by Byju's.

In early 2001, Geogebra creator, Markus Hohenwarter, announced he want to released a GeoGebra, a software teaching mathematics and geometry as part of his master's thesis at the University of Salzburg. Later that, GeoGebra expanded its offering to include an iPad in 2010, Android and Windows Store app.

In late December 2021, GeoGebra was commicated by edtech conglomerate Byju's for approximately 100 millions USD.


Platymantis sierramadrensis

Platymantis sierramadrensis is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Luzon Island. It lives in the Sierra Madre Mountains. People have seen it in the forest between 600 and 1200 meters above sea level.

Apache Hadoop

Apache Hadoop is a collection of open-source software tools, that speeds up the processing of very large amounts of data by distributing it to multiple computers.
Its core consists of:

The distributed nature of Hadoop means that processing:

HDFS is also used for other projects such as the Apache NoSQL Wide Column Store, Apache HBase.
Reading and writing to and from disk for each transformation means that Hadoop MapReduce is slower for most pipelines than Apache Spark which uses RAM rather than disk and also runs within the Hadoop ecosystem. Spark may cost more in terms of resources such as memory and CPU.

Available to work alongside HDFS and Hadoop MapReduce are other Apache tools in the Hadoop ecosystem, such as:

As of 2013, Hadoop adoption had become widespread: more than half of the Fortune 50 companies used Hadoop.

Aare (given name)

Aare is an Estonian masculine given name meaning "treasure" in the Estonian language.


Asa Hutchinson 2024 presidential campaign

On April 2, 2023, Asa Hutchinson, the 46th governor of Arkansas from 2015 to 2023, announced his campaign for President of the United States during an interview with ABC News. He will formally launch his campaign in late April in his hometown of Bentonville.

When he was Arkansas governor, he said that Republicans who tried to overturn the 2020 presidential election and spread Trump's "Big Lie" about the election should not be elected to office.

Hutchinson announced the suspension of his campaign on January 16, 2024, the day after the Iowa Republican caucus.

Aarni (given name)

Aarni is a masculine given name. 


Aarón

Aarón is the Spanish version of the name Aharon from the Bible.


Prosecution of Donald Trump in New York

On March 30, 2023, Donald Trump, president of the United States from 2017 to 2021, was indicted by a Manhattan grand jury. It is alleged that he paid hush money to pornographic movie actress Stormy Daniels during the 2016 United States presidential election. ("Hush money" is a bribe to maintain secrecy - to prevent bad publicity or to prevent the discovery of a crime.) The "Hush" money was actually apart of an agreement that was meant to be secret, and the money was to make sure that it was agreed upon, not bribing.

Trump became the first former U.S. president to be indicted and to face criminal and felony charges. He was the first president to be arrested since Ulysses S. Grant was arrested in 1872.
In 2021, Alvin Bragg was elected Manhattan District Attorney. In February 2022, the two prosecutors that were leading the investigation of Trump, quit their jobs. Those two - Mark F. Pomerantz and Carey Dunne - said that Bragg was not pursuing charges against Trump aggressively enough.

On April 4, 2023, Trump's motorcade drove him to the Manhattan Criminal Courthouse. As he went into the courthouse, he was arrested. Trump was formally placed under arrest without being handcuffed or having a mugshot taken. Trump came into the courtroom an hour later, and got 34 felony charges of falsifying business records. However, media says that each charge can range from a misdemeanor to a felony. Trump pleaded not guilty to all the charges. After the court hearing, Trump traveled by plane back home to Florida. In the evening, he met with and spoke to a crowd of supporters.

A date for the start of a trial, has been set (as of February 2024).

The indictment has been unsealed and published by New York Supreme Court, but it does not show or reveal the district attorney's specific legal theory behind the case.


2023 Finnish parliamentary election

Parliamentary elections were held in Finland on 2 April 2023 to elect members of the Parliament of Finland. The opposition's National Coalition Party (KOK) won the election with 20.8% of the national popular vote and winning 48 seats in parliament, the third highest result in the party's history. For the first time in Finland's history, the Centre Party (KESK) did not win a majority of votes in any regional voting districts. Five government parties and four opposition parties finished with parliamentary seats split dead even at 100–100. It is expected that KOK's Petteri Orpo will begin government formation talks the week following Easter. The Social Democratic Party of Finland (SDP), led by incumbent Prime Minister Sanna Marin came in third place, signaling her defeat. 

Petteri Orpo

Antti Petteri Orpo (; born 3 November 1969) is a Finnish politician serving as the Prime Minister of Finland since 2023. He has been the leader of the National Coalition Party since 2016. He was Deputy Prime Minister of Finland from 2017 to 2019 and Minister of Finance from 2016 to 2019. 

In April 2023, Orpo's National Coalition Party won the 2023 Finnish parliamentary election. He is set to be named the lead government formation negotiator and prime minister candidate when the new parliament and President meet shortly after the election.

Jakov Milatović

Jakov Milatović (; born 7 December 1986) is a Montenegrin politician and economist who is the President of Montenegro. He defeated President Milo Đukanović in the 2023 presidential election. He was the minister of economy and economic development from 4 December 2020 until 28 April 2022.

Liz Truss lettuce

On 14 October 2022, the British tabloid newspaper the "Daily Star" began a livestream of a head of lettuce next to a framed photograph of Liz Truss, who had just become prime minister of the United Kingdom.

This joke was made in response to an article by "The Economist" that compared the shortness of time of Truss's premiership to the shelf life of a lettuce. The October 2022 United Kingdom government crisis happened just weeks into her term, and many commentators thought that she would resign soon. The lettuce soon became popular for the public. The "Daily Star" had the lettuce on Cameo, allowing users to get a personalized message "by the lettuce" for £13. 

On 18 October 2022, the "Daily Star" added a pair of googly eyes and a blonde wig on the lettuce, followed by fake feet and hands and glasses to make it look like Truss.

Truss announced her resignation as prime minister on 20 October 2022, before the lettuce had expired. After her resignation announcement, an image of the lettuce was projected onto the Palace of Westminster the same day.

Gambling Commission

The Gambling Commission is a government organisation in the United Kingdom responsible for regulating gambling and supervising gaming law in Great Britain. It was set up by the Gambling Act 2005. Before it was set up there was the Gaming Board for Great Britain. It is answerable to the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport. 

It has to supervise arcades, betting, bingo, casinos, slot machines and lotteries, as well as remote gambling, but not spread betting. It is supposed to keep crime out of gambling, and to protect vulnerable people. From 2013 it has to regulate the National Lottery.

It can fine organisations which break the rules. William Hill was fined £19.2million in 2023 for failing to protect its customers from accruing unpayable debts.

Gambling companies have to pay an annual contribution “to one or more organisation(s) which deliver research, harm prevention and treatment for those harmed by gambling”. The amount is not fixed and in 2023 the government said it would bring in new rules. 

National Lottery

The National Lottery is the government supported national lottery set up in 1994 in the United Kingdom.

Prizes are paid as a lump sum (with the exception of the Set For Life which is paid over a set period) and are tax-free. Of all money spent on National Lottery games, around 53% goes to the prize fund and 25% to "good causes" as set out by Parliament. 12% goes to the UK Government as lottery duty, 4% to retailers as commission, and a total of 5% to the operator Camelot - 4% to cover operating costs and 1% as profit. Since 22 April 2021, players must be 18 or over.

The first draw was on 19 November 1994 with a television programme presented by Noel Edmonds. The first numbers drawn were 30, 3, 5, 44, 14 and 22, the bonus was 10, and seven jackpot winners shared a prize of £5,874,778.

Since 1698 lotteries have been illegal in England unless they were authorised by the government. 

William Hill

William Hill is a British gambling company started in 1934. It does sports betting, online casino, online poker, and online bingo. It has a headquarters in London, with offices in Leeds and Gibraltar. Its International business runs from Malta. In July 2022 it was bought by 888 Holdings for £1.95 billion. It employs about 12,000 people, 8,000 of them in the UK. The company ran 1,414 betting shops in 2017 but has since closed many of them.

It was fined £19.2million in 2023 for failing to protect its customers from accruing unpayable debts.

Davros

Davros is a fictional character from the "Doctor Who" series. He is the creator of the infamous Daleks and one of the Doctor's main enemies.

In the original series, he was portrayed by Michael Wisher, David Gooderson and Terry Molloy. In the revival series, Davros is portrayed by Julian Bleach.

Princess Margaretha, Mrs. Ambler

Princess Margaretha, Mrs. Ambler (Margaretha Désirée Victoria; born 31 October 1934), is a Swedish princess. She is the eldest sister of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden and also a first cousin of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark.

Margaretha was born on 31 October 1934 at Haga Palace in Haga Park, Stockholm, as the first child of Prince Gustaf Adolf, Duke of Västerbotten, and his wife, Princess Sibylla of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. She was born during the reign of her paternal great-grandfather King Gustav V of Sweden. In January 1947, her father died in an airplane crash.

Although the eldest child, as a female, she was never in line to the throne according to the Swedish constitution current at the time. She was educated privately at the Haga Palace and then at the Stockholm dressmaking school, Märthaskolan (Martha School).

She met her future husband, businessman John Ambler, at a dinner party in the United Kingdom in 1963. Their engagement was announced on 28 February 1964. They were married on 30 June 1964, in Gärdslösa Church, on the island of Öland. The Princess wore a wedding gown from the Stockholm couture school, Märthaskolan, where she had previously been a student, and a traditional wedding crown from Öland.

As a result of her unequal marriage, she lost her style of "Royal Highness" and the King gave her the courtesy title of "Princess Margaretha, Mrs. Ambler". Under the Swedish constitution of that time, she, as a woman, and her descendants were not able to inherit the throne. As a result, they still are not.

Ambler and her husband separated in 1994, but never divorced. He died on 31 May 2008.

Margaretha and John Ambler's marriage produced three children: Sybilla (b. 1965), Edward (b. 1966), and James (b. 1969). Her daughter married Baron Henning von Dincklage and has two children, of whom Madeleine Charlotte Margaretha von Dincklage is the goddaughter of Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden and was a bridesmaid at her wedding.


Chief of Space Operations

The Chief of Space Operations is the highest ranking general of the United States Space Force.
John W. Raymond was the first CSO from December 2019 to November 2022.
B. Chance Saltzman is the second CSO.

Since December 2020 the CSO has been a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.

Tim Campbell (businessman)

Tim Campbell MBE (born June 1977) is a British businessman and television personality best known as the first winner of the British version of "The Apprentice". 

Upon winning the show, Campbell won a position in Alan Sugar's company Amstrad. He left in 2007, two years after he won the show. In 2022, Campbell returned to "The Apprentice" as one of Lord Sugar's aides.

Jade burial suit

A jade burial suit () is a suit made out of jade. It was used for the burial of Han dynasty princes and princesses.

Jade burial suits were meant for Han dynasty emperors. The emperor can give jade burial suits to members of his family. The jade pieces of the emperor's jade suit are tied together with gold threads. Princes and princesses can only use silver or copper threads. The jade suit of Liu Sheng, Prince of Zhongshan had more than 2498 plates of jade.

The people of the Hemudu and Majiabang cultures buried their dead with jade objects. In the Han dynasty, this became the jade burial suit. Jade suits were mentioned in the "Book of Han" and the "Book of the Later Han". Emperor Wen of Han banned the use of jade suits.

The first jade suits were found in Liu Sheng's tomb. 

Platymantis bayani

Walter's limestone forest frog ("Platymantis bayani") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. Scientists have seen it in one place: Taft Forest on Samar Island, 140 m above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 34.2–39.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 44.3–49.8 mm long.

Sje

Sje (Ć, ć) is a letter of the Cyrillic script. On computers, it has to be encoded as C + ́ being an extremely recent letter.

Shwe (Cyrillic)

Shwe (Ꚗ ꚗ; italics: Ꚗ ꚗ) is a letter of the Cyrillic script. It resembles the letter Sha (Ш ш Ш ш) with a long tail attached to its bottom.

Shwe is used in an old alphabet of the Abkhaz language, where it represents the labialized voiceless postalveolar fricative (/ʃʷ/). It corresponds to Шә in the modern Abkhaz alphabet.

Abkhazian Dze

Abkhazian Dze (Ӡ ӡ; italics: Ӡ ӡ) is a letter of the Cyrillic script. It is used in the Abkhazian language where it represents the voiced alveolar affricate /dz/, pronounced like ⟨ds⟩ in "pods". You go from a ⟨d⟩ to a ⟨s⟩(s in "is").

It is also used in the Uilta language.

This letter was also used in one 1937 proposal (not adopted) for the Karelian language.

The Third Wave (experiment)

The Third Wave was an experimental social campaign made by California high school history teacher Ron Jones in 1967. This experiment was meant to explain to the students how the German population could accept the actions of the Nazis during the rise of the Third Reich and the Second World War.

Jones taught his students about Nazi Germany. During his senior level World History class, he found it difficult to explain to his students how the German population could accept the actions of the Nazis. He decided to make a fake social movement as an example of the appeal of fascism. The experiment took place over the course of 5 days (or nine, according to student Sherry Toulsey). Jones started a series of exercises in his classroom mainly focusing on discipline and community. This was intended to model certain traits of the Nazi movement.

The experiment started to get out of control. The movement grew outside of his class and members began to increase in the hundreds. He convinced the students to attend a rally where he claimed that the classroom project was part of a nationwide movement, and that the announcement of a Third Wave presidential candidate would be televised. When the students arrived, they were shown a blank channel. Jones told his students that the movement was an experiment about fascism. He showed his students a short film about the actions of Nazi Germany.

This project was turned into an American film, The Wave, in 1981, and a very praised German film, Die Welle, in 2008.

The experiment started at Cubberley High School in Palo Alto, California, during the first week of April, 1967. Jones was a member of the SDS, sponsor of the Cubberley United Student Movement, and a supporter of the Black Panthers. Jones decided to create this experiment after finding it hard to tell his students how the German people could have ignored the Holocaust. Jones started a movement called "The Third Wave" and told his students that the movement wanted to end democracy. The idea that democracy focuses on individuals was seen as a drawback, and Jones focused this main point of the movement in its motto: "Strength through discipline, strength through community, strength through action, strength through pride."

The experiment was not well documented, being briefly mentioned in two issues of the Cubberley High School student newspaper, "The Cubberley Catamount". Another issue of the paper has a longer description of the experiment when it was finished. Jones wrote a detailed recollection about nine years after. Articles from other authors followed, some featuring an interview with Jones and the students involved.

Komi Dje

Komi Dje (Ԃ,ԃ italics: Ԃ ԃ) was a letter of the Molodtsov alphabet. It is now used only in the writing of the Komi language. It makes the ɟ sound, like in буԃь(budge). The letter is derived from Ԁ, d with the addition of a hook.

1985–86 Austrian Cup

The 1985-86 Austrian Cup was the national cup competition in Austrian football. SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions. 
First round with teams from the second league.

Herbert Feurer (46. Michael Konsel) – Leo Lainer, Kurt Garger, Heribert Weber, Reinhard Kienast, Petar Bručić (106. Peter Hrstic), Rudolf Weinhofer, Gerald Willfurth, Zlatko Kranjčar, Sulejman Halilović, Peter Pacult<br> coach: Vlatko Marković

Franz Wohlfahrt – Robert Frind, Johann Dihanich, Josef Degeorgi, Erich Obermayer, Ernst Baumeister (102. Gerald Glatzmayer), Ewald Türmer, Herbert Prohaska, Džemal Mustedanagić (46. Gerhard Steinkogler), Alfred Drabits, Toni Polster<br> coach:Hermann Stessl

Iotated Yat

Iotated Yat (majuscule: ⟨Ꙓ⟩, minuscule: ⟨ꙓ⟩) is a Cyrillic character combining a decimal I and a yat. There was no numerical value for this letter and it was not in the Glagolitic alphabet. It was encoded in Unicode 5.1 at positions U+A652 and U+A653.

Aaron (given name)

Aaron is a name that comes from Hebrew origin and has been adapted to the Greek language. It is typically given to boys.


Aart

Aart is a nickname used in Dutch for the name Arnout, which has an English equivalent of Arnold.


Aatos

Aatos is a Finnish name given to boys.


Tshe

Tshe (or Tje) (Ћ ћ; italics: "Ћ ћ") is a letter of the Cyrillic script, used only in the Serbian Cyrillic alphabet, where it represents the voiceless alveolo-palatal affricate /tɕ/; however, it must not be confused with the voiceless retroflex affricate Che (Ч ч), which represents /tʃ/ and which also exists in Serbian Cyrillic script.

Neutral Yer

Neutral Yer (Majuscule: Ꙏ, Minuscule: ꙏ) is used to transcribe Ь or Ъ when it is not possible to tell the difference in a manuscript.

It has the appearance of Yer, with a hook at the top of the stem. In some fonts it appears identical to Ъ.

Ot (Cyrillic)

Ot (Ѿ ѿ; italics: "Ѿ ѿ") is a letter of the Cyrillic alphabet. Though it originated as a ligature of the letters Omega (Ѡ ѡ) and Te (Т т), it functions as a discrete letter of the alphabet, placed between х and ц. This can be seen in the first printed Cyrillic page (illustrated), and continues in modern usage.

Sayako Kuroda

, formerly , is a former member of the Japanese Imperial Family. She is the youngest child and only daughter of Emperor Emeritus Akihito and Empress Emerita Michiko, and the younger sister of the current Emperor of Japan, Naruhito. She is an imperial Shinto priestess of the Ise Grand Shrine, currently serving as the Supreme Priestess.

Kuroda held the title ""Nori-no-miya"" (Princess Nori), until her marriage to Yoshiki Kuroda on 15 November 2005. As a result of her marriage, she gave up her imperial title and left the Japanese Imperial Family, as required by the Imperial Household Law.



Princess Kako of Akishino

Princess Kako was born on 29 December 1994 at Imperial Household Agency Hospital in Tokyo Imperial Palace, Chiyoda, Tokyo.
In April 2001, Princess Kako began Gakushuin Primary School and graduated in March 2007. Princess Kako entered Gakushuin Girls' Senior High School Tokyo in April 2007 and graduated in March 2013. 

She has an older sister, Mako Komuro, and a younger brother, Prince Hisahito.

"29 December 1994 Her Imperial Highness" Princess Kako.

National Honors 

-Grand Cordon of the Order of the Precious Crown (29 December 2014)

Prince Hisahito of Akishino

Before his birth, the ongoing Japanese imperial succession debate had resulted in some politicians holding a favorable view on removing agnatic primogeniture imposed by World War II allies on the constitution of Japan. However, once Hisahito was born in 2006 he became next in the line of succession following his father. Hisahito's cousin and Emperor Naruhito's only child Princess Aiko remains at present legally unable to inherit the throne, while debate about the possibility of having future empresses regnant continues.

Hisahito was born at 08:27 JST (23:27 UTC) on 6 September 2006 at Aiiku Hospital, Tokyo. He was delivered by Caesarean section, two weeks early, after complications in the pregnancy.

Hisahito is the only son and youngest child of Fumihito, Crown Prince Akishino, and Kiko, Crown Princess Akishino. He has two older sisters, Mako Komuro and Princess Kako of Akishino. He was first seen in public on 15 September 2006, outside Aiiku Hospital.

Hisahito, the Prince's personal name, chosen by his father, means "serene and virtuous", according to the Imperial Household Agency. An alternative translation is "virtuous, calm, everlasting". 

Hisahito was the first male child born to the Imperial House of Japan since his father in 1965. In January 2007, the Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzō Abe, announced that he would drop an earlier proposal to change the Imperial Household Law so as to allow females to inherit the throne. The proposal had been made because the brother and two sons of Emperor Akihito had, at the time, no sons of their own. As a result of Hisahito's birth, it now seems increasingly unlikely that the laws will be changed to allow Hisahito's cousin, Princess Aiko, daughter of the Emperor Naruhito, to become a reigning Empress and thus end the Japanese succession debate. The supporters of changes criticized the current law as it placed a burden on the few aging males old enough to perform royal duties as females left the family.

6 September 2006 "His Imperial Highness" Prince Hisahito.

The "mon" represents the Japanese umbrella-pine tree ("kōyamaki").

Ɣ

Latin Gamma (Ɣɣ) is a letter of the Latin script, it is a latin version of the greek gamma (Γγ)

Short U (Cyrillic)

Ha (Ў ў; italics: "Ў ў") is a letter of the Cyrillic script. The only Slavic language using this letter in its orthography is Belarusian, though it is used as a phonetic symbol in some Russian and Ukrainian dictionaries. Among the non-Slavic languages using Cyrillic alphabets, ў is used in Dungan, Karakalpak, Karachay-Balkar, Mansi, Sakhalin Nivkh, Ossetian and Yupik. It is also used in Uzbek – this letter corresponds to Oʻ in the Uzbek alphabet.

Ultravox

Ultravox was formed in 1974 by Billy currie John foxx and Stevie Shears

Beyer, Peacock and Company

Beyer, Peacock and Company was a railway locomotive manufacturer with a factory in Gorton, Manchester. It worked from 1854 until 1966.

During the First World War they manufactured artillery. They made the first successful condensing locomotive design for London's first underground railway.

Most of their locomotives were exported, especially the double ended Garrat articulated locomotives, which could go round tight curves. Their boiler, firebox, and cab are mounted on a centre frame or "bridge". The two other parts, one at each end, have a pivot to support the central frame; they both have a steam engine unit – with driving wheels, trailing wheels, valve gear, and cylinders, and above it, fuel and/or water storage.

Uk (Cyrillic)

Uk (Ѹ ѹ; italics: "Ѹ ѹ" or "Оу оу") is a letter of the early Cyrillic alphabet, although commonly considered and used as a single letter. It is an accent nasal vowel from Slavonic language. To save space, it was often written as a vertical ligature (Ꙋ ꙋ), called "monograph Uk". In modern times, Ѹ is extremely rare nowadays and is still used in Church Slavonic.

Air sports

Air sports covers a range of aerial activities, like air racing, gliding, skydiving, and more.

Many air sports are regulated internationally by the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale (FAI).The FAI has separate commissions for each air sport. For example, the commission for parachuting and skydiving is the International Skydiving Commission (ISC).

The list of sports in the air sports category are as follows:





Campanula cervicaria

Campanula cervicaria is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family. The flowers are 1-2 centimeters tall, are light blue, and are grouped together.

Stephanie Sheh

Stephanie She is a American voice actress. She voices Sailor Moon in "Sailor Moon Crystal" and Yolie Cortez in "Hailey's On It!" as well as other characters in various anime and western animation projects, she will also be the voice of Squeak The Skunk in the upcoming Cartoon Network series "Nature Island".

Blood Sugar Sex Magik

Blood Sugar Sex Magik is the fifth studio album by Red Hot Chili Peppers. Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American rock band. The album was released by Warner Bros. Records on September 24, 1991. The album was produced by Rick Rubin. It had five singles: "Under the Bridge," "Give It Away," "Suck My Kiss," "Breaking the Girl" and "If You Have to Ask."

The album went to the number three spot on the "Billboard" 200 music chart. The album made the band very popular around the world. Because of this, John Frusciante left the band in 1992. He did not like being very famous. He joined the band again in 1998. Many people think "Blood Sugar Sex Magik" helped make alternative rock very popular in the 1990s.

Leopold Lainer

Leopold "Leo" Lainer (born September 10, 1960) is a former Austria international footballer. He played mainly for SV Austria Salzburg and SK Rapid Wien. He made more than 500 appearances in the Austrian Bundesliga.
He started with his local club SK Maishofen. From there he went to SV Austria Salzburg. In 1982 he went on to SK Rapid Wien. 1988 he went to FC Wacker Innsbruck. In 1990 he came back to Salzburg. In 1996 he ended his professional career. After that he played at amateur level for different clubs mainly around Salzburg (SV Gerasdorf, SV Seekirchen 1945, PSV/Schwarz-Weiß Salzburg, FC Bergheim, SV Bad Ischl ). In 2005 his career ended.
His debut in the national team was on 17 November 1982 against Turkey (4-0) in Vienna. His last match was on 17 August 1994 against Russia (0-3) in Klagenfurt. 
After the end of his career he worked as an assistant coach for FC Pasching. Then he was a scout with FC Red Bull Salzburg. He also was coach in the Salzburg academy with the U15 and U16 team.

His son Stefan Lainer is also a professional footballer. His daughter Franziska is also active as a football player and coach.


Shantae

Shantae is a indie video game series developed and published by WayForward Technologies. The series was created by Matt Bozon and Erin Bozon whose create the series main protagonist Shantae, a half-genie and the guardian of her town. The series had five games and many other appearances including "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate." In 2020, the series had sold three million copies.

The character Shantae was created by Erin Bell the wife of Matt Bozon, the series's creator. Erin got a flash of inspiration while coming back from her camping days and created the character, naming her "Shantae" after one of the campers and developing her dance moves.

"Shantae" is an action-adventure game series whose the player control as Shantae. The series gameplay was similar to The Legend of Zelda and Metroid and the player can progress by collecting new powers, solving puzzles and getting information in town.

The main character, Shantae main attack was whipping her long hair and transform herself by belly dancing. In the third installment, Shantae has lost her power as a genie.


Paige Bueckers

Paige Madison Bueckers (born October 20, 2001) is an American basketball player. She currently plays at the point guard position in NCAA Division I college basketball for the UConn Huskies women's team.

She went to high school at Hopkins High School in Hopkins, Minnesota. Her high school basketball career was followed closely by the media. Many colleges also recruited her, or aimed to get her to play for their women's basketball program. Bueckers chose to go to the University of Connecticut and play for the Huskies, one of the most successful college women's basketball teams ever.

Bueckers played very well as a freshman in college, being named the Player of the Year by many media writers and coaches. She helped lead the Huskies to the Final Four of the NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament as a freshman. Then as a sophomore she helped the Huskies reach the tournament's championship game, even after missing much of the year with a left knee injury. Bueckers missed her entire junior season after tearing her anterior cruciate ligament (ACL).

South Downs

The South Downs is the chalk cliffs which are on the southern coast of England. 

Chalk is mainly in the East of the country, and runs from France right up to northern England. It was laid down in a tropical sea during the Cretaceous period. The chalk was made by tiny plankton called coccolithophores in tropical conditions.

Flint is often found in the chalk, and has a different origin. It has a different structure. It is made of silica, probably made by sponges.


Stellar-wind bubble

A stellar-wind bubble is a cavity light-years across filled with hot gas blown into the interstellar medium by the high-velocity (many thousand km/s) stellar wind from a single massive star of type O or B. Weaker stellar winds also blow bubble structures, which are also called astrospheres. The heliosphere blown by the solar wind, within which all the major planets of the Solar System are embedded, is a small example of a stellar-wind bubble.

Stellar-wind bubbles have a two-shock structure. The freely-expanding stellar wind hits an inner firing shock, where its kinetic energy is thermalized, producing 10 K, X-ray-emitting plasma. The hot, high-pressure, shocked wind expands, driving a shock into the surrounding interstellar gas. If the surrounding gas is dense enough (number densities formula_1 or so), the swept-up gas radiatively cools far faster than the hot interior, forming a thin, relatively dense shell around the hot, shocked wind.

Blackboards

Blackboards (, "Takhté siah") is a 2000 Iranian Italian Japanese war drama movie directed by Samira Makhmalbaf. It stars Said Mohamadi, Behnaz Jafari, Bahman Ghobadi and Rafat Moradi.

Rubens de Falco

Rubens de Falco da Costa (October 19, 1931 – August 22, 2008) was a Brazilian actor best known for his work in telenovelas, most notably his portrayal as a slave owner in the 1976 telenovela, "Escrava Isaura" ("The Slave Isaura") and the 1986 telenovela "Sinhá Moça" ("Little Missy").

De Falco was born in São Paulo, Brazil on October 19, 1931. He began his acting career in the local theater. In 1955, he joined the group ""Os Jograis"", of São Paulo, and played beside such actors as Ruy Afonso, Italo Rossi and Felipe Wagner. He made his cinema debut in 1952, in the movie "Apassionata", for the movie studio Companhia Cinematográfica Vera Cruz.

In television, he had big roles in telenovelas such as "O Rei dos Ciganos" (1967), "A Rainha Louca" (1967), "O Passo dos Ventos" (1968), "Gabriela" (1975), "O Grito" (1975), "Escrava Isaura" (1976), "Dona Xepa" (1977), "A Sucessora" (1978) and "Sinhá Moça" (1986).

Perhaps his best-known work came in 1976, when he played the cruel villain Leôncio Almeida, a powerful farm owner and ruthless slave owner in the telenovela "Escrava Isaura". De Falco's character, Leôncio Almeida, fell in love with one of his slaves, played by Brazilian actress Lucélia Santos.

"Escrava Isaura" was very popular around the world and became a hit in Africa, Eastern Europe and Latin America. "Escrava Isaura" was the first soap opera ever broadcast in Poland and Soviet Union and became the first television series shown in China with a foreign actors in main roles. Rubens de Falco, who played Leôncio Almeida as one of his most famous roles, was called "the great villain of Brazilian television drama" by Lucélia Santos.

He again played a powerful farm owner and ruthless slave owner, the cruel villain Baron de Araruna in the 1986 telenovela, "Sinhá Moça" alongside Lucélia Santos who starred this time as his rebellious daughter.

De Falco's last television role was as Almeida in 2004 in the Rede Record remake of "A Escrava Isaura", and his last movie and acting role was as Deputado Ernesto Alves in 2008 in "Fim da Linha".

Rubens de Falco died on February 22, 2008, of heart failure at the CIAI Center for the Aged in São Paulo, Brazil. He never married, had no children and left no heirs.

A Song for the Lovers

"A Song for the Lovers" is a 2000 debut single by Richard Ashcroft and is the leading single from his debut studio album "Alone with Everybody". It went to number 2 in Scotland, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Canada, number 9 in Italy, number 11 in Ireland and number 42 in New Zealand.

UK CD, 12-inch, and cassette single 

European CD single 

Karren Brady

Baroness Karren Rita Brady CBE (born 4 April 1969) is a British businesswoman and television personality. 

She is a former managing director of Birmingham City F.C. and current vice-chairman of West Ham United F.C. She is also one of Alan Sugar's aides on British version of "The Apprentice". 

In 2014, Brady became a member of the House of Lords.

Roti

</ref>
Roti is a type of Indian flatbread made using different flours. It is a staple food in many parts of India and other South Asian countries. Roti can be made from wheat flour, rice flour, millet flour, corn flour, or a combination of these. The dough is kneaded with water and sometimes salt, oil, or ghee. Then it is rolled into thin circles and cooked on a hot griddle or tawa. Roti can be eaten plain or with various accompaniments such as curries, dal, pickles, chutneys, or yogurt. Roti is also known by different names in different regions, such as chapati, phulka, paratha, naan, kulcha, or bhakri.

Masked Singer

The Masked Singer is a reality TV game show. It originated in South Korea. It has been adapted into many versions across the world in countries such as the United States and the United Kingdom.

Celebrity contestants perform a song in elaborate masks or head-to-toe costumes which disguise their identity. The panellists will then guess the identity based on clues the singers give about themselves. After the performances, the audience votes for their favourite. The celebrity with the least votes is eliminated and must reveal their identity. At the end of the competition, only one celebrity remains and they win the show.

Armbra

An armbra is the practice of covering a woman's breasts, including her nipples and areolas, with one's arms, which would otherwise have been exposed. When hands are used instead, it is called a "handbra".

An armbra may be used by women to maintain their modesty, or in compliance with censorship guidelines. It is also used in poses for photography.

The Bay Boy

The Bay Boy is a 1984 Canadian coming of age biographical drama movie directed by Daniel Petrie and starring Kiefer Sutherland, Liv Ullmann, Peter Donat, Alan Scarfe, Chris Wiggins, Mathieu Carrière, Thomas Peacocke and Isabelle Mejias. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Tswe

Tswe (Ꚏ ꚏ; italics: "Ꚏ ꚏ") is a letter of the Cyrillic script. It is drawn by adding a long tail to the bottom of the letter tse (Ц ц "Ц ц").

Tswe is used in an old orthography of the Abkhaz language, where it represents the labialized aspirated voiceless alveolo-palatal affricate /t͡ɕʷʰ/.

Aavo

Aavo is a name given to boys in Estonia. It's not an uncommon name and as of January 1st, 2021, it was the 220th most popular name given to baby boys in the country. The name is especially popular in Põlva County, where 12.12 out of every 10,000 people in the county have the name Aavo.


Ababu

Ababu can be used as both a first name and a last name.


Abagor

Abagor (Russian: Абаго́р) is a seldom-used male first name in Russia, with its colloquial form being Bagor (Баго́р). It was commonly found in various handwritten church calendars from the 17th to 19th centuries but was later excluded from the official Synodal Menologium in the late 19th century. The name is thought to have originated from Biblical Hebrew, where it meant "father of Gor." If used as a first name, the derived patronymics for males and females are "Abagorovich" and "Abagorovna," respectively.

Abamon

Abamon is a scarcely used and ancient male given name in Russia. The corresponding patronymics for this name are "Abamonovich" for males and "Abamonovna" for females.

Aban

Aban is a last name of Persian origin that comes from the Arabic name إبان. It can also be used as a first name.


Izhitsa

Izhitsa or Izhica (Ѵ, ѵ; italics: "Ѵ ѵ"; OCS: Ѷжица, Russian: Ижица, Ukrainian: Іжиця) is a letter of the early Cyrillic alphabet and several later alphabets, usually the last letter.

Phonetic usage: /v/ /i/ /ē/

(Nice Dream)

"(Nice Dream)" is a song by English alternative rock band Radiohead. It is the sixth track of the second studio album "The Bends".

The song was made at Manor Studio under the supervision of producer John Leckie. The latter's intention was to recreate an atmosphere similar to that of the song "My Sweet Lord" by George Harrison, putting it appropriately to the phrases a "good angel", a "garden" and a sense of mysterious belonging.

(Nice Dream) was written in 1992. Ed O'Brien has remembered Thom Yorke playing him a cassette with a demo version of the song in the car in late 1992. On 11 February 1993 Thom along with Jonny Greenwood had premiered the song acoustically at the Studio Café, Disley, UK for "Signal Radio". Towards the end of the tour for Pablo Honey, the lyrics had progressed considerably by the time the song made a few appearances in the band's sets.

The first version with the whole band probably took place on September 3, 1993. 
When the recording sessions began in March 1994 at RAK Studios in London (Nice Dream) it was one of four songs to be recorded first, all of which were possible candidates for the next single (the others being Sulk, The Bends and Killer Cars). 
Finally the song was released on the album The Bends in March 1995.

The song tells the story of a fantasy where the protagonist lives, where he is loved and cared for by the people around him. The narrator doesn't want to get out of this fantasy: he prefers the "nice dream" that lulls him into a sense of peace and security. But the beautiful dream is just a fantasy him dreamed, a fantasy he would like to live in. Him actually live in it, but is starting to recognize that it's a dream, as suggested in the text with the phrase "nice dream", sung repeatedly as a lullaby.

That song refers to a story by Kurt Vonnegut Cat's Cradle where this crystal's been found that turns all water completely solid and someone drops it into the sea. If you want to kill yourself you just put your finger into the water."

Celeriac

Celeriac ("Apium graveolens" var. "rapaceum") is a variety of celery. Its shoots and stem are edible. It came from the Mediterranean Basin.

Poppy (singer)

Moriah Rose Pereira (born January 1, 1995), known by her stage name Poppy is an American musician. She used to go by the name That Poppy. She first became famous in 2014, when she was in satire YouTube videos where she pretended to be a robot. Now she makes music.

Moriah Rose Pereira was born on January 1, 1995 in Boston, Massachusetts. She moved to Nashville, Tennessee when she was 14. She took dance lessons for 11 years, but decided she wanted to be a musician instead. She got bullied at school, so she was home-schooled for a while. She moved to Los Angeles, California when she was 18.

Poppy sang in front of people for the first time in August 2011. She sang an Alanis Morissette song. She made two YouTube channels: "Moriah Poppy" and "ThatPoppyTV". "Moriah Poppy" was later deleted, and "ThatPoppyTV" was renamed to "Poppy". Poppy sang at social media events in 2012 and 2013.

Poppy moved to Los Angeles in 2013 to become famous in music. Then she met Titanic Sinclair and they made videos on her YouTube channel called "ThatPoppyTV".

In June 2015, Poppy put out her first song. It was called "Everybody Wants to Be Poppy". She sang at a music festival in Mexico in November 2015. Then she made a song called "Lowlife" and put it on her first pop music EP called "Bubblebath".

On October 17, 2016, Poppy made an instrumental album called "3:36 (Music to Sleep To)" to help people sleep, but it is not considered her first album.

In 2017, Poppy won the 'Breakthrough Artist' award at the Streamy Awards.

Poppy's first album came out on October 6, 2017 and it was called "Poppy.Computer". She went on a tour.

In April 2018, Titanic Sinclair's old partner named Mars Argo filed a big lawsuit against him and Poppy for copyright infringement. She said that Poppy's videos were copied from hers. She also said that Sinclair abused her. Poppy's case was dismissed.

Poppy released her second album on October 31, 2018. It was called "Am I a Girl?".

Poppy made a website called Poppy.Church, where her fans could chat. It is not available anymore.

On July 10, 2019, Poppy put out a comic book called "Genesis 1". The book came with an instrumental album called "I C U: Music to Read To".

On June 28, 2019, Poppy put out her second EP. It is called "Choke".

Poppy stopped working with Titanic Sinclair in 2019. She said he manipulated her.

On January 10, 2020, she put out her third album, called "I Disagree". The album has more of a metal sound. In August, she added three more songs and called it "I Disagree (more)".

She put out her second comic book, "Poppy's Inferno" on October 20, 2020. It came with a noise album called "Music to Scream To".

She also made a Christmas-themed EP in 2020 called "A Very Poppy Christmas".

Poppy's song "Bloodmoney" got nominated for a Grammy Award. She was the first solo female artist to be nominated in the metal category. She did not win the award.

She made the soundtrack for a wrestling show called "WWE NXT". She called it "Eat (NXT Soundtrack)".

Her fourth album, "Flux", came out on July 29, 2021.

She did a lot of concerts in 2022 called the Never Find My Place Tour. It was her first time doing a concert tour since her shows in 2020 were cancelled because of COVID.

Poppy released the "Stagger" EP on October 14, 2022.

Poppy will release her fifth album "Zig" on October 27, 2023.

Poppy had trouble choosing her gender, but she has decided she is a woman.

Poppy dated a rapper named Ghostemane between 2019 and 2021. They planned to get married before they broke up.

Poppy is friends with Marilyn Manson.







Platymantis biak

The Luzon limestone forest frog ("Platymantis biak") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Luzon Island. Scientists have seen it in one place: Taft Forest on Samar Island, 140 m above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 32.3 to 39.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 37.4 - 42.4 mm long. This frog has a larger body and larger disks on the ends of its toes than other frogs in "Platymantis". It has a mark on its back like the letter W, but it is not always easy to see.

This frog lives in places with a lot of karst rock and limestone. Unlike some other frogs in "Platymantis", it lives on the ground. It does not climb trees much.

The word "biak" is Tagalog for "crag" (rock that sticks out) or "crevice" (big crack in rock). It is called the Luzon limestone forest frog in English because it lives on Luzon Island where there is limestone rock.

Dream On (Depeche Mode song)

"Dream On" is a 2001 song by British band Depeche Mode and is the leading single from their 10th studio album "Exciter". It topped the charts in Denmark, Germany, Italy and Spain. It went to the top ten in Austria, Belgium, Canada, Finland, Greece, Hungary, Norway, Portugal, Sweden and the United Kingdom and went to number 85 in the United States.

UK maxi-CD single – Mute (BONG 30)

European 12-inch maxi-single – Mute/Virgin (8975356)

European CD single – Mute/Virgin (7243 8975362 2)

7-inch single – Reprise (7-16732)

Canadian maxi-CD single – Reprise/Mute (CD 44982)

Warren Saunders

Warren Joseph Saunders (18 July 1934 – 1 March 2023). He was an Australian cricketer who played for New South Wales in the Sheffield Shield.

2024 Delaware gubernatorial election

The 2024 Delaware gubernatorial election will be held on Tuesday, November 5, 2024, to elect the governor of Delaware. Incumbent Governor John Carney will be term limited through the state's constitution and cannot run for reelection to a third term.

Section 6 of the Delaware Constitution states for a person to serve as governor must:


The state's constitution forbids anyone from being elected governor more than twice.

The "Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization" decision in June 2022, which overturned the 1973 "Roe v. Wade" decision and permitted U.S. states to fully ban abortion for the first time in over 50 years, has made abortion a more possible issue. In the 2024 election, the topic of abortion is expected to play a major role in the Republican Party.

Due to mass shootings increasingly surging in the United States, the Democratic Party and President Joe Biden has advocated for an assault weapons ban. This is most likely a major campaign topic to play out in both parties.

Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 2024 presidential campaign

The Robert F. Kennedy Jr. presidential campaign was launched on April 5, 2023, when Robert F. Kennedy Jr. filed with the Federal Election Commission to run in the 2024 United States presidential election. He made his official campaign announcement on April 19 in Boston, Massachusetts. Early polling put Kennedy down at 14% against incumbent Joe Biden, who announced his own campaign on April 25. Kennedy currently polls around 19%-25%.

Kennedy was the second prominent figure to launch a campaign for the Democratic Party's nomination, being preceded by Marianne Williamson, who launched her own campaign on March 4, 2023.

He initially ran for the Democratic Party nomination, but announced on October 9, 2023, that he would run as an independent candidate. In January 2024, he formed the We the People Party in order to ease ballot access requirements. 

Kennedy has received significant support from independents, youth, and those with low trust in mainstream American politics. A November 2023 poll showed that he would win 22 percent of the vote if the 2024 presidential election was held then.

Kennedy is the eldest son of former U.S attorney general Robert Kennedy, who was a Democratic candidate for president in 1968. Kennedy is a nephew of John F. Kennedy, who was the 35th president of the United States from 1961 until his death in 1963.

Kennedy is also the nephew of former U.S Senator Ted Kennedy, who was a Democratic candidate for president in 1980.

Metro Station (band)

Metro Station is an American pop punk band that was formed in 2007. The member consist of Trace Cyrus & Mason Musso. The band is often described as a scene pop band due to the members' sense of fashion and the band's unique blend of various pop styles.

In 2005, Mason and Trace agreed to meet on the set of "Hannah Montana", which starred Mason's brother, Mitchel, and Trace's sister, Miley. Sharing musical interests, they decided to form a band. Shortly thereafter, Cyrus recruited Blake Healy from Synthetic Joy and the Bum Out Eternal as a keyboardist, synthesist, and bassist. Cyrus remained the singer and the lead guitarist. Musso became the group's main singer and rhythm guitarist.

The band released its "self-titled debut album" in September 2007. The singles of the album are "Kelsey", "Control", "Shake It" (which is the most popular and hittest song by the band) & "Seventeen Forever".

In 2010, tension between Cyrus and Musso caused the band to go on hiatus. In 2011, the band returned, however, it was announced that Cyrus was no longer a part of the group and Musso had purchased the rights to the name. An EP entitled "Middle of the Night" was released in 2013, which was led by the single "Every Time I Touch You". In 2014, Cyrus and a new drummer, Spencer Steffan, came to the band, and a new single entitled "Love & War" was released. In 2015, the band released a second full-length album, titled "Savior". After this, the band went on a U.S and European tour, announcing an EP called "Bury Me My Love" along with a U.S. 10-year anniversary tour. Just before the tour started, the band announced it would be their final tour and that they were breaking up. They reunited once again in 2019 and released the single "I Hate Society" in 2020.



Abani (name)

Abani can be used as both a first name and a last name.


Abas (name)

Abas can be used as both a first name and a last name.


Abataly

Abataly (Абата́лий) is a Russian first name that was popular in the 17th-19th centuries but has since become rare. Although it appeared in handwritten church calendars during that time, it was not included in the official Synodal Menologium by the late 19th century. The name may have originated from the name Abtalion or from a Greek word meaning a holy place or temple.

Abatte

Abatte can be used as both a first name and a last name.


Abba (name)

Abba is a word that comes from the Semitic languages and means "father". It is often used as a name for babies, but it was also used to show respect for religious leaders or scholars. The word "abbot" has the same origin.


Slave to Love

"Slave to Love" is a 1985 song by Bryan Ferry and is the leading single from his sixth studio album "Boys and Girls". It went to number 5 in Norway, number 8 in Ireland, number 9 in Italy, number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 11 in Belgium and New Zealand, number 18 in Switzerland and number 29 in Australia. It has been covered by Gwen Stefani.



My Friends (Red Hot Chili Peppers song)

"My Friends" is a 1995 song by Red Hot Chili Peppers and is the fourth track from their sixth studio album "One Hot Minute". It went to number 4 in Iceland, number 11 in Canada, number 15 in Australia, number 17 in the Netherlands, number 20 in New Zealand, number 29 in the United Kingdom and number 40 in France.

CD single (1995)

CD version 2 (1995)

12-inch single (1995)

Creep (Radiohead song)

"Creep" is a 1992 debut single from English band Radiohead and is the leading single from their debut studio album "Pablo Honey". It takes elements from The Hollies single "The Air I Breathe". It went to number 3 in Norway, number 6 in Australia, number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in Belgium, number 13 in the Netherlands and Ireland, number 15 in Austria, number 17 in France, number 18 in Denmark, number 19 in New Zealand, number 30 in Canada and number 34 in the United States.

All tracks are written by Radiohead.









No More Tears (Ozzy Osbourne song)

"No More Tears" is a 1991 song by English heavy metal singer Ozzy Osbourne and is the title track from his sixth studio album of the same name. With a running time of 7:23 it is longest running time track by Osbourne. It went to number 17 in the Netherlands, number 32 in the United Kingdom and number 71 in the United States.

Yaduvanshi caste

Yaduvanshi is an Ahir caste found in the Indian subcontinent, mainly modern-day India and Nepal. The Yaduvanshi Ahirs presence in India is well established through old writings and various Hindu scriptures from the ancient times going back to 6000 years B.C. The Ahirs all over India call themselves Yaduvanshi (Belonging to Yadu dynasty). Krishna was this dynasty; hence many of the customs associated with him are found in this society. They were rulers in different regions.

The name "Yadu" is of non-Indo-Aryan origin.

The Yaduvanshis claim descent from the Rigvedic Yadus tribe. The Yadus had a tribal union with the Turvasha tribe, and were frequently described together. The Yadus were a partly Indo-Aryan-acculturated Indus tribe. By the time of the arrival of the Puru and Bharata tribes, the Yadu-Turvashas were settled in Punjab, with the Yadus possibly residing along the Yamuna River. 

In the Rigveda, x.62.10, the Yadus and Turvashas are called dasas or barbarians. From these evidences R.P. Chanda infers that the Yadus were of homo-Alpinus origin, settled originally in Western Asia, whence they came to India settled in saurastra or kathiawad Peninsula and then spread to Mathura.

In later Hindu texts such as the "Mahabharata", the "Harivamsha" and the Puranas mention Yadu as the eldest son of king Yayati and his queen Devayani. The prince of King Yayati, Yadu was a self-respecting and a very established ruler. According to the "Vishnu Purana", the "Bhagavata Purana" and the "Garuda Purana", Yadu had four sons, while according to the rest of the Puranas he had five sons. The kings between Budha and Yayati were known as Somavanshi. According to a narrative found in the "Mahabharata", and the "Vishnu Purana", Yadu refused to exchange his years of youth with his father Yayati. So he was cursed by Yayati that none of Yadu's progeny shall possess the dominion under his father's command. Thereby, he could not have carried on the same dynasty, called Somavamshi. Notably, the only remaining dynasty of King Puru was entitled to be known as Somavamshi. Thereby King Yadu ordered that the future generations of his would be known as Yadavs and the dynasty would be known as "Yaduvanshi". The generations of Yadu had unprecedented growth and got divided into two branches.

Action bias

Action bias is a phenomenon from psychology. In a given situation, when people have a choice of doing nothing, and doing something (called an "action"), they will prefer doing something over not doing anything. This is also the case when there is no guarantee that the action would give a better result. It is an automatic response, similar to a reflex or an impulse and is not based on rational thinking. One of the first appearances of the term "action bias" in scientific journals was in a 2000 paper by Patt and Zechenhauser titled "Action Bias and Environmental Decisions", where the authrs looked at the relevance in politics.

Freedom! '90

"Freedom! '90" (also known simply as "Freedom!") is a 1990 song by George Michael and is the third single from his second studio album "Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1". It went to number 1 in Canada and Zimbabwe, number 8 in the United States, number 9 in Portugal, number 10 in Greece, number 13 in New Zealand, number 17 in Ireland, number 18 in Australia, number 20 in Sweden and number 28 in the United Kingdom.



In 1996, Robbie Williams covered Freedom as his debut solo single, the year after his departure from Take That. It went to number 1 in Scotland and Spain, number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Australia and Ireland, number 7 in Finland, number 8 in Sweden, number 9 in Denmark, number 10 in the Netherlands and Germany, number 18 in Iceland and Turkey and number 39 in New Zealand.




Electric Blue (song)

"Electric Blue" is a 1987 song by Australian new wave band Icehouse and is the second single from their fifth studio album "Man of Colours". It went to number 1 in Australia, number 4 in New Zealand, number 7 in the United States, number 10 in Canada, number 53 in the United Kingdom and number 83 in the Netherlands.

7-inch and US cassette single

Australian 12-inch and cassette single

UK 12-inch single

UK CD single

Secondary forest

When a forest grows again on a piece of land that used to be a forest, this forest is called secondary foest. This is different from an old-growth forest. It is also different from a forest that is made by people planting trees. A secondary forest is the result of what is called natural succession.

Englishman in New York

"Englishman in New York" is a 1988 song by Sting and is the third single from his second studio album "...Nothing Like the Sun". It went to number 9 in the Netherlands and South Africa. It was a top 40 hit in Belgium, Ireland, the United Kingdom, Spain and France. It tells the story of Quentin Crisp.




People's Institute for Survival and Beyond

The People's Institute for Survival and Beyond (PISAB) is an organization that educates people on issues that are related to social injustices such as racism. The organization was started in 1980 by Ronald Chisom and Dr. Jimm Dunn.

The organization was started in New Orleans, Louisiana.



Prime 9ja Online

Prime 9ja Online is an online newspaper based in Edo State, Nigeria, providing news and analysis on politics, business, entertainment, sports, and more. Founded in 2016 by Chima Joseph Ugo, its aim is to provide correct and reliable news and information to Nigerians and Africans.

Prime 9ja Online is an online news and media website founded by Chima Joseph Ugo in 2016 with its headquarters in Okada, Edo, Nigeria.

In June 2022, Stamp Nigeria ranked Prime 9ja Online among the 19 fastest-growing newspaper startups in Nigeria.

In March 2023, they launched a news section in Pidgin language.

In December 2022, Media Bias/Fact Check rated Prime 9ja Online as the least biased and credible online newspaper in Nigeria. So far, Prime 9ja Online is the only newspaper to receive this rating in Nigeria.

In addition to their standard English version, Prime 9ja Online launched a Pidgin version of their website, Prime 9ja Online Pidgin. The aim is to reach out to more Nigerians who may understand Pidgin English better than Standard English. This move ensures that they bring the news to the grassroots and give more people access to correct and reliable news and information.

Settler colonialism

When foreign people move and settle down on a piece of land that is already occupied by other people this is called settler colonialism. It is a form of colonialism.The people that were there before are called indigenous, or native. The new people will take away the land of the people who were already there, and replace them with what is called a settler society. Many people say that this is like a genocide. There are different ways in which this can be done,ranging from violent depopulation of the previous inhabitants to less deadly means, such as assimilation or recognition of Indigenous identity within a colonial framework.

Like other forms of colonialism, this kind is organized or supported by a central authority, for example a kingdom or empire. Settler colonialism contrasts with exploitation colonialism, which results from an economic policy of conquering territory to exploit its population as cheap or free labor and its natural resources as raw material. In this way, settler colonialism lasts indefinitely, except in the rare event of complete evacuation or settler decolonization. Political theorist Mahmoud Mamdani suggested that settlers could never succeed in their effort to become native, and therefore the only way to end settler colonialism was to erase the political significance of the settler–native dichotomy.

During the 1960s, settlement and colonization were seen as separate phenomena from colonialism. Settlement endeavors were seen as taking place in empty areas, downplaying the Indigenous inhabitants. Later on in the 1970s and 1980s, settler colonialism was seen as bringing high living standards in contrast to the failed political systems associated with classical colonialism. Beginning in the mid-1990s, the field of settler colonial studies was established. It is different from Indigenous studies but connected to it. Patrick Wolfe theorized settler colonialism as a structure (rather than an event) focused on the elimination rather than exploitation of the native population. He distinguished it from classical colonialism. Wolfe also argued that settler colonialism was centered on the control of land and that it continued after the closing of the frontier. His approach was defining for the field, but has been challenged by other scholars on the basis that many situations involve a combination of elimination and exploitation.

Settler colonial studies has often focused on British colonies in North America, Australia and New Zealand, which are close to the complete, prototypical form of settler colonialism, but is also applied to other cases including British Kenya, the Canary Islands, French Algeria, Generalplan Ost, German South West Africa, Hokkaido, Ireland, Israel/Palestine, Italian Libya and East Africa, Kashmir, Korea, Latin America, Liberia, Manchukuo, Posen and West Prussia, Rhodesia and South Africa.

List of Malawi Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Malawian Twenty20 International cricketers who have played Twenty20 International cricket for Malawi after their first match in 2019.

Matilde Conesa

Matilde Conesa Valls (Madrid, April 13, 1928- Madrid, March 29, 2015) was a Spanish voice actress. She is one of the most known figures in the history of radio in Spain. Her most known works are the voice of Matilde in the radio serial Matilde, Perico y Periquín, as well as the voice of Lisa in David, the gnome and the witch Avería in the program La bola de cristal, as well as an extensive career in dubbing.

Asunta Basterra Porto

Asunta Yong Fang Basterra Porto (born Fang Yong; September 30, 2000 – September 21, 2013) was a Chinese-born Spanish girl whose body was found in Teo, A Coruña, Galicia, Spain, on 22 September 2013, shortly before her thirteenth birthday. The coroner determined she had died by asphyxiation, and had been given at least twenty-seven Lorazepam pills on the day of her death, more than nine times a high dosage amount for an adult. The investigation into the death became known as the Asunta Basterra case (Spanish: Caso Asunta Basterra).

Asunta's adoptive parents, Alfonso Basterra and Rosario Porto, were found guilty of her murder on 30 October 2015. According to court documents, the couple periodically drugged their daughter with Lorazepam for three months and finally asphyxiated her before disposing of her body. The parents, who maintained their innocence, were sentenced to eighteen years in prison.

The case has attracted widespread media interest in Spain and around the world, as well as a "statement of concern" from the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs. A four-part documentary series about the case debuted in 2017 and was made available internationally on Netflix in 2019.

Schwa (Cyrillic)

Schwa or Ay (Ә ә; italics: "Ә ә") is a letter of the Cyrillic script, derived from the Latin letter schwa. It is currently used in Abkhaz, Bashkir, Dungan, Itelmen, Kalmyk, Kazakh, Kurdish, Uyghur and Tatar. It was also used in Azeri, Karakalpak, and Turkmen before those languages switched to the Latin alphabet.

Emmanuel Uduaghan

Emmanuel Uduaghan (born on 22 October 1954) is a retired Nigerian politician and doctor. Popularly known as Dr. Emmanuel Ewetan Uguaghan, he was the Governor of Delta State from 2007 to 2015. Before he became Governor, he served as the Commissioner for Health, Delta State and the Secretary to the State Government.

Easy Crypto

Easy Crypto is a New Zealand-based cryptocurrency exchange platform that allows users to buy, sell, and trade cryptocurrencies. The platform supports Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, XRP and many more.

Easy Crypto is located in New Zealand, and operates in the New Zealand, Australian, and South African markets.

Easy Crypto was founded in 2018 by Janine Grainger and Alan Grainger. In 2021, the company raised NZD $17 million ($11.7M USD) in a Series A funding round, breaking the record for a Series A funding round in NZ. In 2022, Easy Crypto partnered with Stripe.

Platymantis quezoni

The Quezon limestone forest frog ("Platymantis quezoni") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Luzon Island. Scientists have seen it in one place: the Bicol Peninsula. But they think it may live in other places too.

The adult male frog is 22.1-33.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32.4-39.7 mm long. It is tan to brown in color with darker marks. It lives in places where there is limestone karst rock in the ground.

Gemini (company)

Gemini Trust Company, LLC is a cryptocurrency exchange and custodian founded by Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss in 2014. Gemini has introduced various services such as Ethereum and Bitcoin Cash trading, block trading, and the launch of its stablecoin called the Gemini dollar (GUSD).

In 2019, Gemini acquired Nifty Gateway, a marketplace for NFTs. In 2020, it announced a partnership with Samsung for linking Samsung Blockchain Wallets to Gemini accounts. In November 2021, Gemini raised a $400 million investment, valuing the parent company at $7.1 billion. In March 2023, there were rumors about JPMorgan ending its banking relationship with Gemini, which Gemini later denied on Twitter.

Semisoft sign

The semisoft sign (Ҍ ҍ; italics: "Ҍ ҍ") is a letter of the Cyrillic script. It also takes the form of Ꙑ or Ꙑ̇.

The semisoft sign is used in the alphabet of the Kildin Sami language, where it makes palatalization (sometimes also called "half-palatalization") of the sequencing stop, /nʲ/, /tʲ/, or /dʲ/.

Jay V. Surgent

Jay V. Surgent (born January 31, 1946) is an American criminal defense attorney. He is known for representing high profile, controversial and notorious clients such as Martin Taccetta, the alleged crime boss of the Lucchese crime family New Jersey faction.

Surgent graduated from South Texas College of Law Houston in 1973 and admitted to the New Jersey State Bar Association in 1976. 

Surgent is known for his work in the area of white collar criminal defense. In 2004, Surgent represented two murderers and unsuccessfully tried to get first-degree murder charges dropped. In 2014, Surgent represented a Miami-Dade police officer accused of working on behalf of a drug trafficking organization from New Jersey.

In 2015, Surgent represented Martin Taccetta, the alleged boss of the Lucchese crime family New Jersey faction. Surgent suggested that Taccetta had only participated in illegal gambling and money laundering to constitute a racketeering charge. Surgent stated that Taccetta had no role in drug trafficking or violence.

Surgent was selected to the Super Lawyers publication for 2006-2008. In 2022, he successfully negotiated a plea deal representing Albee Al The Gladiator a New Jersey rapper involved in a non-fatal shooting.

Surgent is the son of John W. Surgent Sr. an oral surgeon and former mayor of Clifton, New Jersey.

Manson crater

The Manson crater is an impact crater near the site of Manson, Iowa. An asteroid or comet nucleus struck the Earth during the Cretaceous Period, approximately 74 million years ago. The event was one of the largest known impact events in North America. Until they found the ages of certain isotopes at the site, people believed that the event caused extinction of the dinosaurs. The ages sugges that the crater is too old.

As the site was covered by a glacial hill fairly recently, no eveidence of the crater can be seen on the surface. Today, the site of the crater is a flat landscape. Below the surface, hidden about below the surface is a buried structure about in diameter. It lies under the southeast corner of Pocahontas County and extends under portions of three counties. That an anomalous structure underlaid the area was known from unusual water well drill cuttings in 1912 of deformed rock, "crystalline clast breccia with a melt matrix" as a later report described it. A research investigation was started in 1955, and it was labeled a "cryptovolcanic structure" (a hypothetical volcanic steam explosion). Robert S. Dietz did some more investtifatiom and proposed an impact origin in 1959. Nicholas Short found evidence of shocked quartz grains in 1966. This confirmed the impact origin of the structure.

In 1991 and 1992 the U.S. Geological Survey along with others including the Iowa Geological Survey conducted detailed research in part to test the possible connection of the Manson Crater with the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event. The / isotope ratio dating of the core from the impact structure gave an age of about 74 Ma, or about 10 Ma older than the K–T boundary.

The impactor is considered to have been a stony meteorite about in diameter. The site at the time was the shore of a shallow inland sea. the Western Interior Seaway. The impact disrupted granite, gneiss, and shales of the Precambrian basement as well as sedimentary formations of Paleozoic age, Devonian through Cretaceous. Limestone layers that give the rest of Iowa hard water were instantaneously vaporized down to the basement rocks, giving Manson the anomalous soft water that it has today.




Lord Frederick Windsor

Lord Frederick Michael George David Louis Windsor (born 6 April 1979) is a member of the British royal family. He is a British financial analyst, and the only son of Prince and Princess Michael of Kent. He is married to British actress Sophie Winkleman. He is currently 52nd in the line of succession to the British throne.

Lord Frederick Windsor was born on 6 April 1979 at St Mary's Hospital, London, and christened on 11 July 1979 at the Chapel Royal, St James's Palace, Westminster. As a first cousin once removed of the late Queen Elizabeth II, a first cousin twice removed of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and a second cousin of King Charles III and his siblings, he is 52nd in the line of succession to the British throne.

Lord Frederick and his sister, Lady Gabriella, were raised as members of the Church of England.

He was educated at Wetherby School, Sunningdale, and Eton College, where he was an Oppidan Scholar, then at Magdalen College, Oxford, where he gained a 2:1 degree in Classics.

On St Valentine's Day (14 February) 2009, Lord Frederick became engaged to the actress Sophie Winkleman. They were married at Hampton Court on 12 September 2009.

The couple's first child, Maud Elizabeth Daphne Marina, was born at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on 15 August 2013 in Los Angeles. She was baptised at St James's Palace in December 2013 and has Princess Eugenie as one of her godparents. Maud acted as a bridesmaid at the wedding of Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank in 2018.

The couple's second child, Isabella Alexandra May, was born on 16 January 2016 at Chelsea and Westminster Hospital in London. She was baptised at Kensington Palace in June 2016 with Jamie Oliver, a close friend of her mother, serving as one of the godparents.

Title 

6 April 1979-present Lord Frederick Windsor 


Global66

Global66 is a Latin American fintech founded on December 18, 2018 in Chile by Tomás Bercovich and Cristóbal Forno, which offers a global account with financial services to Latin Americans in terms of currency conversion, international money transfers to bank account, collection link and Mastercard prepaid cards available in Colombia, Chile and Peru. 

It currently operates in 6 countries (Chile, Colombia, Peru, Mexico, Argentina, and Ecuador) and supports money transfers to more than 80 countries. The platform also has a financial services segment for companies.

During 2021, Global66 transferred more than 1 trillion dollars in volume, and since its creation it has registered more than 700 thousand users. The company has raised investments totaling more than US$20 million from Angels, Family Offices and venture capital firms in Latin America, the United States and the United Kingdom.

Global66 is a Chilean fintech founded on December 18, 2018 by Tomás Bercovich and Cristóbal Forno. Bercovich and Forno met as partners and friends at Columbia Business School in 2012. In 2017, after a trip to London where Forno witnessed the impact of technology on people's financial lives in Europe, he invited Bercovich to join him as a partner in building a financial marketplace for Latin America, with an interest in creating a global digital bank in the region. They moved to London with their families to study the industry in depth.

During this time, they tried to partner with major fintech companies in Europe, but many turned them down. With a small team, they started their first project, transferenciaperu.com,12 a single-broker money transfer service from Chile to Peru.

Eventually the project grew and consequently, they increased their team to build infrastructure in Latam. Finally, by the end of 2018, they managed to open more routes and launched Global66.com.In 2021, they closed their Series A and raised $12 million there in a round led by Quona Capital. Magma Partners, Venrex Investment Management and Clocktower Ventures.

Duncan Penn

Duncan M W Penn is an entrepreneur, executive producer, angel investor, and #1 NYT bestselling author, Duncan is an early investor in SpaceX, Tesla, , Neuralink, and The Boring Company. His brother Jonathan Penn is an A.I. professor and researcher at the University of Cambridge.

In 2024 Duncan was voted a Top 100 Influential People. 

Duncan is the creator and executive producer of 5 television shows, including on and , Movie Night With Karlie Kloss on , Dare to Live on , and on . He is also the creator, executive producer, and star of the documentary series , named after the poem by , written in 1852. The Buried Life follows four friends as they go after a bucket list of dreams and ask the world the question, "What do you want to do before you die?" For everything they accomplished on their list, they helped a stranger do something on theirs. He is also the co-author of the No. 1 New York Times Best Selling book "What Do You Want To Do Before You Die?".

In 2024, announced the production of a new documentary series sharing the story of . The series will be executive produced by singer-songwriter Shawn Mendes and YouTube creators The . The documentary will star David Dobrik, Taylor Swift, Barak Obama, Jake Paul, Logan Paul, Shawn Mendes, The Yes Theory, as well as The Buried Life cast, Duncan, Dave, Ben, and Jonnie. 

Duncan does primary private capital placements into pre-ipo tech companies. Duncan is an early investor in , , , and . 

Duncan is the co-creator of the gag gift Burnt Hair Perfume with Elon Musk, and was released as a joke by The Boring Company in 2023. 

Duncan is a Major Gift Officer for , a charity that deploys Tesla, solar, and desalination technology to help solve electricity and freshwater problems around the world. currently operates in Kenya, Haiti, the Philippines, Guatemala, and Columbia. Duncan has helped provide fresh water and electricity to over 2 million people worldwide. 

In 2011, Duncan, with the Buried Life cast, made a $300,000 donation to The Keep America Beautiful foundation.

After high school, Duncan founded with his brother Jonnie Penn and two childhood friends, Ben Nemtin and Dave Lingwood. The Buried Life asks the world the question, ""What do you want to do before you die?""

Together, The Buried Life cast accomplished 86 items on the list out of 100, including Play Ball Against Obama, Deliver a Baby, Crash the Playboy Mansion, Reunite a Family, Tell a Joke on Late Night Television, Survive on Deserted Island, Streak a Professional Sports Game, Make a Million Dollars, Ride a Bull, Get Married in Vegas, Ask out Megan Fox. 

In 2011, Duncan and cast appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" "to announce a new season of The Buried Life and to discuss crossing off #95: Play Ball with President Barack Obama.""."

In 2012, Duncan swam from Alcatraz in SF to the mainland in the winter wearing only a speedo. 

In 2011, The Buried Life successfully organized the biggest speed dating event in history with the University of South Florida. 

In July 2011, Duncan asked out Taylor Swift at the Country Music Awards and went on a date later that year after the VMAs in Los Angeles. 


It has been rumored Duncan is the NYT's best selling anonymous poet, . 

Carlton Gebbia

Carlton Elizabeth (formerly Gebbia, born 17 October 1967) is an English-African actress, and interior designer. Gebbia is best known for her role as a main housewife on the fourth installment of "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Gebbia, an only child, is from the Guernsey Islands but mostly grew up in South Africa and Wales, London but finally located Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting. Gebbia was raised Wicca, a religion that practices a form of witchcraft. 

Gebbia started her career in 1994 as an actress, first starring in the fantasy movie, "Eyes of the Serpent", playing the role of Raven. Over the years, she continued to push her career by appearing in "The Young and the Restless" in the twenty-seventh season as Janina. She had her first lead role in the 2001 drama "Pretty When You Cry", alongside Jamie Kennedy.

Gebbia designed multiple homes in the Beverly Hills area along with her then-husband David Gebbia, including their own in 2009. 

After a majority of negative reviews for her role in the film Pretty When You Cry, Gebbia took a permanent hiatus from acting. In 2013 Gebbia signed onto the fourth edition of the Bravo reality show, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, along with fellow actress Joyce Giraud. Both Gebbia and Giraud were let go from the series after season four wrapped due to the actresses “not meshing well with the other wives”. Her position on the reality show landed her a spot in Lady GaGa’s music video for her 2014 single G.U.Y.

At a young age, Gebbia found a passion for dance. Mostly in the ballet and jazz category, but gave up her passion when she returned from South Africa. Gebbia married movie producer David Gebbia in September 1997. The two had three children together. Gebbia filed for divorce in 2018 after 21 years of marriage. 

Fight Like a Brave

"Fight Like a Brave" is a song by Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was a single from their third album, "The Uplift Mofo Party Plan". The single also had a cover version of "Fire" by Jimi Hendrix on it. This cover was later on "The Abbey Road E.P." and "Mother's Milk". The song was put on these albums for Hillel Slovak, the guitar player for the band who died in 1988.

Most of the words in the song are about Anthony Kiedis' addiction to heroin. Kiedis used drugs many times. When this was worst, Flea made him leave the band. He was not going to let him join again unless he stopped using drugs. Kiedis went to Michigan to stop using drugs. He went to a treatment place owned by The Salvation Army. When he stopped using drugs, he went back to Los Angeles to join the band again. He wrote "Fight Like a Brave" on the plane going to Los Angeles.

The single has been released on many different things. It has been released on 7" and 12" vinyl.

7" single (1987)


12" single (1987)


12" picture disc/12" promo (1987)


12" Japanese split promo/DJ copy (1987)


Daniel Aminati

Daniel Aminati (9 September 1973 in Aachen) is a German television presenter, singer and actor. He was also known as a former footballer playing for German-football club FC Bayern Munich. 

Aminati joined Bed & Breakfast (a German band) in 1995. After that, he released solo singles like "Turn Me Up" (in 1996) and "I Want You Back" (in 1998).

Until the Time Is Through

"Until the Time Is Through" is a 1998 song by British boy band Five and is the sixth single from their debut studio album "Five". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and Spain, number 3 in Ireland and Scotland, number 8 in Australia, number 11 in Sweden, number 14 in New Zealand, number 16 in the Netherlands and number 19 in Poland.

UK and Irish CD1

UK and Irish CD2

UK cassette single

European CD single

Australian CD single

Memphis Redbirds

The Memphis Redbirds are a Minor League Baseball team from Memphis, Tennessee. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Redbirds are partnered with the St. Louis Cardinals, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Cardinals.

The team is named "Redbirds" because of their partnership with the St. Louis Cardinals—cardinals are red birds.

The Redbirds played at a stadium called Tim McCarver Stadium from 1998 to 1999. In 2000, the Redbirds began to play at a new stadium called AutoZone Park.


Middleware

Middleware is a computing component that sits between other components and can usually be described as 'software glue', mediating between pieces of software. 

There is a lot of ambiguity around the specifics of what middleware is. The term is used differently in different sub fields of computing and even ambiguously within some of those sub fields. It's one of those terms which should probably be agreed upon by actors involved, before it is used in any consequential situation. 

One of the latter uses of the term might be qualified as Messaging Middleware - message brokers and queues - and can be part of:


Platymantis megabotoniviti

The Giant Fiji ground frog ("Platymantis megabotoniviti") is a frog. This frog is not alive now. It lived long ago. Scientists found its bones in Fiji, in caves in Viti Levu.

This frog was larger than other frogs in "Platymantis". Scientists say they all died after humans came to Fiji. The humans brought rodents with them.

Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark

Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent (born Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark, ; 27 August 1968) was a Greek princess by birth and a British princess by marriage. She was a daughter of Prince Nicholas of Greece and Denmark and Grand Duchess Elena Vladimirovna of Russia, and a granddaughter of King George I and Queen Olga of Greece. Princess Marina married Prince George, Duke of Kent, fourth son of King George V and Queen Mary, in 1934. They had three children: Prince Edward, Princess Alexandra, and Prince Michael.

Princess Isabella of Denmark

Princess Isabella of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat (Isabella Henrietta Ingrid Margrethe; born 21 April 2007) is a member of the Danish royal family. She is the second child and elder daughter of King Frederik X and Queen Mary of Denmark.

She is the fourth grandchild and oldest granddaughter of Queen Margrethe II and the late Prince Henrik. She was the first girl born into the Danish royal family since the birth of her great aunt, Queen Anne-Marie of Greece, in 1946. Isabella is third in the line of succession to the Danish throne, after her father and her older brother, Prince Christian.

Princess Isabella was born at Rigshospitalet, the Copenhagen University Hospital, in Copenhagen, to Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary.

She was christened on 1 July 2007, at the Royal Chapel of Fredensborg Palace as Isabella Henrietta Ingrid Margrethe, after the Danish queen consort and ancestress Isabella of Austria, the princess's maternal grandmother, paternal great-grandmother, and paternal grandmother respectively. Her godparents were her father's first cousin, Princess Alexia of Greece and Denmark; Queen Mathilde of Belgium (then Duchess of Brabant), Nadine Johnston, Christian Buchwald, Peter Heering and Marie Louise Skeel. Isabella was confirmed in the Lutheran church in the same chapel on 30 April 2022.

National Honor

-Knight of the Order of the Elephant (R.E.) (14 January 2024)

Medals and Decorations 

-Prince Henrik's 75th Birthday Medal (11 June 2009)

-Queen Margrethe II's 70th Birthday Medal (16 April 2010)

-Queen Margrethe II's Ruby Jubilee Medal (14 January 2012)

-Queen Margrethe II's 75th Birthday (16 April 2015)

-Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik's Golden Wedding Anniversary Medal (10 June 2017)

-Prince Henrik's Memorial Medal (11 June 2018)

-Queen Margrethe II's 80th Birthday Medal (16 April 2020)

-Queen Margrethe II's Golden Jubilee Medal (14 January 2022)


Princess Josephine of Denmark

Princess Josephine of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat (Josephine Sophia Ivalo Mathilda; born 8 January 2011) is a member of the Danish royal family. She is the fourth and youngest child of King Frederik X and Queen Mary of Denmark, and the seventh grandchild of Queen Margrethe II and the late Prince Henrik. She is the twin sister of Prince Vincent.
Josephine is fourth in line to the Danish throne, after her father and older siblings, Prince Christian, Princess Isabella, and her elder twin brother.

Josephine was born at Rigshospitalet, the Copenhagen University Hospital, in Copenhagen, 26 minutes after her twin brother.

Josephine and Vincent were christened on 14 April 2011, at the chapel of the Church of Holmen. The Princess's name was announced as Josephine Sophia Ivalo Mathilda. Her godparents are her paternal aunt, Princess Marie of Denmark; her maternal aunt, Patricia Bailey; as well as her parents' friends Prince Carlo, Duke of Castro, Count Bendt Wedell, Birgitte Handwerk and Josephine Rechner.

8 January 2011 Her Royal Highness Princess Josephine of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat.

National Honor

-Knight of the Order of the Elephant (R.E.) (14 January 2024)

Medals and Decorations 

-Queen Margrethe II's Ruby Jubilee Medal (14 January 2012)

-Queen Margrethe II's 75th Birthday Medal (16 April 2015)

-Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik's Golden Wedding Anniversary Medal (10 June 2017)

-Prince Henrik's Memorial Medal (11 June 2018)

-Queen Margrethe II's 80th Birthday Medal (16 April 2020)

-Queen Margrethe II's Golden Jubilee Medal (14 January 2022)


Rhizodeposition

What is Rhizodeposition: 

Rhizodeposition refers to the chemical process that happens in the , a small area of the soil that is directly changed by the release of plant root products and the . Rhizodeposition refers to the process that happens in small gaps within the soil that can contain many types of bacteria, fungi and nematodes (worm-like parasites) that can feed off the products released by the plant roots. Products released from the plant roots can be elements such as Nitrogen, Carbon, and other different proteins and sugars, these feed the plant root's microbiome. This is a form of symbiosis (mutualism) between the microorganisms and the plant that benefits from products produced by the microbes in the soil. An example of this is antibiotics that will kill harmful bacteria in the plant. The microorganisms will also provide the plant with enzymes, plant hormones and phosphates as well. 

Why is Rhizodeposition important: 

Rhizodeposition plays a very important role in connection with the carbon cycle. Out of all the carbon that the plant absorbs through photosynthesis around 25% of the carbon will be released through the roots of the soil, this carbon is what many of the microorganisms feed on in regards to rhizodeposition. Without this exchange of carbon, the microorganisms would not have one of the most important building blocks to life and would likely die. Similarly, the plants would significantly lack the antibiotics, hormones, enzymes and phosphates required to survive and would either die or be very weak. 

Examples of Rhizodeposition:

In a study conducted on "Triticum Sp." () it was found that the Spelt Wheat was more productive in the presence of microorganisms that make up the rhizosphere than the Spelt Wheat that contained minimal microorganisms (the study notes that it is hard to maintain sterile soil). Specifically, wheat benefiting from rhizodeposition was able to grow higher faster and develop a root system that went wider and deeper. Harvest size from wheat with microorganisms was also much larger compared to wheat without/lacking microorganisms.

Bicharanloo, B., Bagheri Shirvan, M., Keitel, C., & Dijkstra, F. A. (2020). Rhizodeposition mediates the effect of nitrogen and phosphorous availability on microbial carbon use efficiency and turnover rate. Soil Biology and Biochemistry, 142, 107705. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.soilbio.2020.107705

Villarino, S. H., Pinto, P., Jackson, R. B., & Piñeiro, G. (2021). Plant rhizodeposition: A key factor for soil organic matter formation in stable fractions. Science Advances. https://doi.org/abd3176

Prince Vincent of Denmark

Prince Vincent of Denmark, Count of Monpezat (Vincent Frederik Minik Alexander; born 8 January 2011) is a member of the Danish royal family. He is the third child and younger son of King Frederik X and Queen Mary of Denmark, the sixth grandchild and youngest grandson of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik, and the older twin brother of Princess Josephine.

Vincent is third in line to the Danish throne, after his father, older brother Prince Christian, and older sister Princess Isabella.

Prince Vincent was born at Rigshospitalet, the Copenhagen University Hospital, in Copenhagen, at 10:30 am local time, 26 minutes before his twin sister.

Vincent and Josephine were christened on 14 April 2011, at the chapel of the Church of Holmen. His name was announced as Vincent Frederik Minik Alexander. His godparents are his maternal uncle, John Stuart Donaldson; his father's first cousin, the Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (then the Hereditary Prince); his mother's lady-in-waiting, Caroline Heering; and friends of his parents, the King of Spain (then the Prince of Asturias), Count Michael Ahlefeldt-Laurvig-Bille and Baroness Helle Reedtz-Thott.

8 January 2011 His Royal Highness Prince Vincent of Denmark, Count of Monpezat.

National Honor

-Knight of the Order of the Elephant (R.E.) (14 January 2024)

Medals and Decorations

-Queen Margrethe II's Ruby Jubilee Medal (14 January 2012)

-Queen Margrethe II's 75th Birthday Medal (16 April 2015)

-Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik's Golden Wedding Anniversary Medal (10 June 2017)

-Prince Henrik's Memorial Medal (11 June 2018)

-Queen Margrethe II's 80th Birthday Medal (16 April 2020)

-Queen Margrethe II's Golden Jubilee Medal (14 January 2022)


1986–87 Austrian Cup

The 1986-87 Austrian Cup was the national cup competition in Austrian football. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. 
First round with teams from the first and second league.

Michael Konsel – Leo Lainer, Kurt Garger, Heribert Weber, Robert Pecl, Reinhard Kienast (62. Rudolf Weinhofer), Petar Brucic, Peter Hrstic (60. Karl Brauneder), Gerald Willfurth, Zlatko Kranjčar, Sulejman Halilović<br> coach: Otto Barić

Tomislav Ivković – Gerald Messlender, Michael Streiter, Rudolf Steinbauer, Heinz Peischl, Manfred Linzmaier, Arnold Koreimann, Robert Idl (80. Alfred Hörtnagl), Alfred Roscher, Peter Pacult<br> coach:Felix Latzke

Tomislav Ivković – Gerald Messlender, Ivica Kalinić, Robert Auer (55. Alfred Hörtnagl), Michael Streiter, Heinz Peischl, Manfred Linzmaier, Arnold Koreimann, Rudolf Steinbauer, Alfred Roscher, Peter Pacult <br>coach:Felix Latzke
Michael Konsel – Leo Lainer, Kurt Garger, Heribert Weber, Karl Brauneder, Robert Pecl, Reinhard Kienast, Petar Brucic (88. Peter Hrstic), Gerald Willfurth, Zlatko Kranjčar (81. Rudolf Weinhofer), Sulejman Halilović<br> coach: Otto Barić

First Horizon Park

First Horizon Park is a baseball park in downtown Nashville, Tennessee. It is the home stadium of the Nashville Sounds, who are a Minor League Baseball team. It opened on April 17, 2015, and has room for up to 10,000 people. It was named First Tennessee Park from 2015 to 2019. Before playing there, the Sounds played at a stadium called Herschel Greer Stadium from 1978 to 2014.

The ballpark was built for the the Nashville Sounds, but other sports teams have also played at the stadium. Nashville SC, a soccer team of the USL Championship, played its games there from 2018 to 2019.



Rochdale Canal

The Rochdale Canal runs between Manchester and Sowerby Bridge. It runs through the town of Rochdale. It is a broad canal because its locks are wide enough to allow boats of 14 feet (4.3 m) width. It runs for 32 miles (51 km) across the Pennines from the Bridgewater Canal at Castlefield Basin in Manchester to join the Calder and Hebble Navigation in West Yorkshire.

James Brindley was paid to survey possible routes between Sowerby Bridge and Manchester in 1776. John Rennie made a new survey in 1791. In April 1794 the Act of Parliament was made to fix the route. The first part was opened in 1798 and it was finished in 1814. There were 92 locks.

Between 1830 and 1832, the canal carried 539,081 tons per year, which generated £40,123 in revenue. In 1839, this had risen to 875,436 tons, generating £62,712 but the opening of the Manchester and Leeds Railway in 1841 made it drop. The charges were reduced and the link to Manchester Ship Canal helped to keep it going, but most of it was closed in 1952. The Rochdale Canal Society worked hard to get it open again. On 1 July 2002 the canal was opened again for boats along its entire length. 

Bridgewater Canal

The Bridgewater Canal connects Runcorn, Manchester and Leigh, in North West England. It was started by Francis Egerton, 3rd Duke of Bridgewater, to carry coal from his mines in Worsley to Manchester. It was opened in 1761 from Worsley to Manchester. Later it went from Manchester to Runcorn, and then from Worsley to Leigh. It is connected to the Manchester Ship Canal by a lock at Cornbrook; to the Rochdale Canal in Manchester; to the Trent and Mersey Canal at Preston Brook, southeast of Runcorn; and to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Leigh. 

The Sankey Canal was built first, but the Bridgewater Canal became more famous and set a lot more canals going. It has an aqueduct to cross the River Irwell, and a tunnel at Worsley. 

D. J. Moore

Denniston Oliver "D. J." Moore Jr. (born April 14, 1997) is an American football wide receiver for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL).

He attended the University of Maryland and played for the Terrapins from 2015 to 2017.

He was selected by the Carolina Panthers as the 24th overall pick in the first round of the 2018 NFL Draft, making him the first wide receiver chosen in that draft. He later signed a 4-year contract with a signing bonus of $6.2 million.

In his second week against the Atlanta Falcons, he scored his first touchdown on his very first NFL reception. However, in the final seconds of the game, he missed catching a pass from his quarterback Cam Newton that could have sent the game into overtime. He finished his rookie season with 788 yards on 55 receptions and 2 touchdowns, earning a spot on the league's All-Rookie Team selected by the Pro Football Writers Association.

The following season, he became one of the main targets among the team's wide receivers, ending the season as the Panthers' top receiver with 1,175 receiving yards.

In March 2022, he signed a new 3-year contract worth $61.9 million with the Panthers.

In March 2023, the Panthers traded Moore, the 9th overall pick in the 2023 draft, and three other draft picks to the Chicago Bears in exchange for the first overall pick in the 2023 draft.

Virtual Insanity

"Virtual Insanity" is a 1996 song by English funk band Jamiroquai and is the second single from their third studio album "Travelling Without Moving". It went to number 1 in Iceland, number 3 in United Kingdom, number 4 in Scotland, number 5 in Italy, number 7 in Ireland, the Netherlands and Finland, number 16 in France, number 19 in Switzerland and number 15 in Belgium. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1998.




San Raffaele Cimena

San Raffaele Cimena is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

San Sebastiano da Po

San Sebastiano da Po is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Nick Pope

Nicholas David Pope (born 19 April 1992) is an English footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Newcastle United and the England national team.

Pope started his career in Ipswich Town's youth teams. He joined Bury Town after being released at age 16. He signed for League One club Charlton Athletic in 2011, before being loaned to Harrow Borough, Welling United, Cambridge United, Aldershot Town, York City, and Bury. Pope joined Premier League club Burnley in 2016 and made his English debut two years later. He joined Newcastle United in 2022.

Moiré pattern

A moiré pattern is a type of pattern that appears when two similar patterns are overlaid on top of each other. The overlapping creates a new pattern that can be different from the original patterns. This new pattern is usually wavy and can be seen in various materials, such as textiles or photographs.

Who's Holding Donna Now

"Who's Holding Donna Now" is a 1985 song by DeBarge and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Rhythm of the Night". It went to number 6 in the United States, number 9 in Canada, number 29 in Ireland, number 44 in New Zealand, number 57 in Australia and number 83 in the United Kingdom.

Walter Heitz

Walter Heitz was a German general served in World War Two. He took part in Battle of Stalingrad commanding the German Army. He was born in Berlin, German Empire on 8 Decemeber 1878.
Tiradentes Palace

The Palácio Tiradentes (Portuguese for "Tiradentes Palace") is a historic building in the Centro neighborhood in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is named in honor of the Brazilian revolutionary Tiradentes. It was the former seat of the Chamber of Deputies of Brazil, between 1926 and 1960, and is the current seat of the Legislative Assembly of the State of Rio de Janeiro.

 

Brigada Mass Media Corporation

Brigada Mass Media Corporation (BMMC) is a newspaper company and media network in the Philippines. It is the first-ever local Tri-media organization to have emerged from the Soccsksargen area as a national network with its array of Brigada News FM stations. BMMC is part of Brigada Group of Companies of Entrepreneur Elmer Catulpos which also maintains eight newspaper editions in the Philippines, four TV Stations, distribution of food supplements, medicines, cosmetics and engine care, a drug pharmacy a garden resort and two public security agencies.

In October 14, 2012, it expanded its operations once more to television with Brigada News TeleRadyo 46 (now Channel 39) Eye of Mindanao, acquired from Asian Multimedia and Production, which is the first-ever local television station and neighboring areas of General Santos its launch on January 6, 2013, which devotes 70-80％ of its programs to local issues and concerns. Given its still very short stint in the television industry, it has already eaten up a big slice of the pie of viewership especially its news and public affairs programs in the prime time slots morning and afternoon. Since December 2015, Brigada News TeleRadyo moved to Channel 34, until september 2019, when it moved to its present Channel 39 with 10,000 Watts of power.

Since Febtuary 2013, Brigada News FM expanded to 25 cities and municipalities in the Philippines through its subsequent acquisition and 100％ takeover of Baycomms Broadcasting Corporation, its owned and operated stations and other small radio networks.

In April 2014, Brigada News FM National Offices in Makati was inagurated and relocated Brigada News FM Batangas to became Brigada News FM National, which later moved to Mareco-owned 105.1 in July 1, 2023, and completing the three broadcast centers of the network, Manila, Cebu and General Santos.

As of 2022, BMMC has now 60 owned and operated stations in the country, larger than its main all-news and talk radio competitor Radyo5 News FM, but is ahead of another news and talk radio competitor of Bandera News Philippines and another one ahead of news and talk radio competitor of XFM Philippines.


Brigada News FM Stations are collectively known as Brigada News FM with its current taglines The Music and News Authority and In the Heart of Changing Lives. Currently, Brigada News FM has more than 60 owned and operated FM stations across the country, the most number of stations for a news-formatted radio network compared to their other networks in AM radio and more are planned to be opened.

Majority of BMMC's stations are acquired from Baycomms (prior to the merger in 2013), hence becoming Brigada's official broadcast licensee, except the following stations that are either acquired or operated under airtime lease agreement:

¹ - frequency used by DBS in Metro Manila

Leeds and Liverpool Canal

The Leeds and Liverpool Canal runs from Leeds to Liverpool. It is 127 miles (204 km) long. It goes over the Pennines. There are 91 locks on the main line and several small branches. It is the longest continuous canal in the United Kingdom.

It was started when people saw the success of the Bridgewater Canal which opened in 1759–60. It joins the Bridgewater Canal at Leigh, by a branch from Wigan.

James Brindley made the plan, but he died in 1772. Work was started on both sides of the Pennines. This included some impressive engineering like the Bingley Five Rise Locks, Bingley Three Rise Locks and the seven-arch aqueduct over the River Aire. Work stopped in 1781 because the money ran out. It started again in in 1791, on a different route from the earlier plan, and the main line of the canal was finished in 1816. This included the Foulridge Tunnel, which was 1,640 yards (1,500 m) long and was very expensive, and the Burnley Embankment, which is 1,350 yards (1,234 m) long and up to 60 feet (18 m) high.

The Huddersfield Narrow Canal and the Rochdale Canal crossed the Pennines before it was finished.

The most important cargo was always coal, with over a million tons per year being delivered to Liverpool in the 1860s. Because it could have wide boats it competed successfully with the railways throughout the 19th century and stayed open through the 20th century.

In the Second World War a German bomb fell on it in Bootle.

In 2009 a new section was built, connecting it to the docks in the centre of Liverpool, which had become a centre of tourism.

Lord Street, Southport

Lord Street is the main shopping street of Southport, in Merseyside. It is 1 mile (1.6 km) long, with a roundabout at each end . There are many gardens and architectural listed buildings along it with a mix of residential, commercial and public buildings. It was built in the early 19th century.

Napoleon III stayed on holiday nearby in 1846. Lord Street is thought to be the inspiration for the tree-lined boulevards of Paris, built between 1854 and 1870.

Misskey

Misskey is open-source software for . It was originally developed by "syuilo", a Japanese software engineer. When it was first developed the main service was a bulletin board, but the open-source community added short "Notes" and a timeline function. Those key features allowed the program and community to grow to its current size.

A user's post is called a "Note". As with other distributed social networks, users can join or create servers. Each server is managed by different administrators, in different locations. 

The origin of the Misskey name is from the lyrics of , a song released by the Japanese singer .

Misskey publishes its source code to GitHub. You can modify the code as long as you publish it based on AGPLv3. Since Misskey also publishes , you can create a personal application through the code. The translation is using .


Code is written with TypeScript and Node.js. is used as a database software. is used as Web client since February, 2018. Misskey users can interact with users on any other server that supports . 

Misskey and Mastodon are both distributed social networks based on ActivityPub.
But their programming languages and library are different. Their APIs are not compatible.
Mastodon's ideology takes a critical attitude to centralized SNSs such as Twitter and Facebook.
When it began, Misskey was not designed as a distributed social network, so its ideology isn't based on an anti-centralized attitude.


Sowerby Bridge

Sowerby Bridge is a market town in the Upper Calder Valley in Calderdale. It is named after the old bridge over the River Calder.

Boulevard

A boulevard is a type of broad avenue planted with rows of trees. In parts of North America, all urban highways are called boulevards. 

In French, it originally meant the flat surface of a rampart, and later a promenade taking the place of a demolished fortification.

Calder and Hebble Navigation

The Calder and Hebble Navigation is a broad waterway, with locks and bridges that are suitable for 14-foot-wide (4.3 m) boats, in West Yorkshire.

Improvements on the River Calder and the River Hebble began in 1759, The Rochdale Canal joined it in 1804. This let boats go from Sowerby Bridge to Manchester. It connects to the Aire and Calder Navigation at Wakefield. It joins the Huddersfield Broad Canal near Mirfield. There were many alterations over the years, so now it is mostly seperate from the river. 

The locks were designed for Yorkshire Keels. They are among the shortest on the English connected waterways network, at 57 feet (17 m).

Since 1981 it has only been used by pleasure boats.

River Calder

The River Calder is a river in West Yorkshire. It starts above Todmorden, and drains an area of 369 square miles (957 km). It joins the River Aire near Castleford

Only a few bits of the river can be used by boats but they are connected by the Calder and Hebble Navigation, a popular leisure waterway which is part of the connected inland waterway network of England and Wales.

Many woolen mills were built along its banks, particularly at Dewsbury and Wakefield, but also in the smaller towns of Brighouse, Hebden Bridge, Sowerby Bridge and Todmorden. It used to have salmon, but they were killed by pollution in the mid 19th century. In 2008 they were seen again. 

At Wakefield's there is a nine-arched bridge, 320 feet (98 m) long, built in sandstone between 1342 and 1356.

Shendao shejiao

Shendao teaching () is a Chinese philosophy about religion. It originally meant following the natural way of things and setting up teaching to make people behave. Later on, it was used to educate people by talking about how good and bad things happen as a result of their actions. The idea of Shendao started in the early Western Zhou period and later became important in Confucianism as a way to teach character. Some people believe that it helped China understand and adopt the Western idea of religion. 

During the Shang dynasty in China, people believed in many gods. The most important god was called "Shangdi," but some people thought of Shangdi as just a part of the natural order of things, which they called "Tiandao." They believed that the emperor did not have control over this natural order. During Shang sacrifices, people didn't offer sacrifices to the emperor, but they would ask for the emperor's help. The Shang people believed in ghosts and gods, which was similar to what people believed in prehistoric times. They didn't use religion as a way to control people like some later dynasties did..

The Zhou dynasty of ancient China believed in the divinity of Shangdi, the supreme god, and diminished the importance of other ancestral and natural gods that were worshipped during the previous dynasty. The king of Zhou set up an "imperial registry" to worship God, and built a god of the land with chestnut wood to inspire fear in the people. The Zhou also created an "imperial court" as the emperor's office. The Zhou believed that the emperor could send down a great Lu order to protect his house and people. The world of the gods, mainly the "emperor" and "heaven," became the foundation for the kingship of the Zhou Dynasty. They established the concept of rule with "Mandate of Heaven" as the core, and the king was referred to as "Son of Heaven." This practice of the Zhou was Shendao's establishment of religion, which became a tool for political rule and adapted to the needs of patriarchal kingship.Confucianism, on the other hand, believed in the fear of heaven, adults, and the words of the saints, but did not believe in gods. 

Shendao is a religion that believes in ghosts and gods. It originated from the Tuan Chuan of the Zhou Yi. The ancient Chinese rulers used religious beliefs to strengthen their power, which is called the divine right of "Heaven and Man". This involved using practices like sacrifice and divination to gain support from the people. However, some thinkers did not believe in ghosts and gods, like Fan Zhen. He still believed in the importance of Shendao as a way to govern the country, bring peace to the people, and change traditions.



Tiandao

Tiandao (; Vietnamese: "Thiên Đạo", Japanese: "Tendō") is a Chinese word used in many philosophical and religious contexts in China and the Sinosphere. It can also refer specifically to:

Book of Rites

The Book of Rites, also called the Liji, is a group of writings that explain the customs, rules, and ceremonies of the Zhou dynasty during the Warring States and early Han periods. The Book of Rites, the Rites of Zhou, and the Ettiquette and Ceremonial are called the "Three Li," and together make up the ritual section of the Five Classics. These are important texts in Confucianism, which is a way of thinking that values ethics and education. Some people believe that the Book of Rites was originally called the Classic of Rites or Lijing, but its name was changed later by Dai Sheng.

Toyama Chukyoin

Chukyoin was a type of institution created to promote the teachings of the Taikyo Institute. There was one on each capital of a Prefecture of Japan.. 

The Taikyo Institute, literally had sub institutions across Japan called and . Every prefecture had its own Chukyoin in its capital and this was the one of Toyama Prefecture. Shokyoins were scattered all across the country. The size comparison resembles the words for University, Middle school, and Elementary school. 

All of them however promoted the same Taikyo proclamation teachings.

In 1875 the Taikyo Institute was closed, and the building became an office of the Bureau of Shinto Affairs. Then in 1882 it became a Jingukyo office.

Around the Chukyoin site, there was a night market that became famous in 1904.

In 1925, the Chukyoin was relocated near Toyama Gokoku Shrine to make way for a new streetcar line. Only a small shrine remains at the original location, as the streetcar was later removed.

The Chukyoin (now affiliated with Jingukyo) was completely destroyed on August 2, 1945 during an air raid.

During World War II the night market was damaged and unused until its repair in 1950. It was still operational in 1999. and 2011

After the war people rebuilt the shrine on its original location. The shrine can be found next to the bus stop Chukyoin Mae. It is known as the smallest shrine in Japan.

The shrine building was rennovated in 2020.


Toyama Gokoku Shrine

Toyama Gokoku Shrine (富山縣護國神社, "Toyamaken gokoku jinja") is a Gokoku shrine that is located in Toyama, a city in Toyama Prefecture in Japan. The shrine is dedicated to the kami or spirits of those who died as martyrs serving their country. The shrine's annual festivals are celebrated on April 25 and October 5. It was established in 1913.


Gokoku Shrines

Gokoko shrines are Japanese shinto shrines made to for people who died in wars. They are considered "branches" of Yasukuni Shrine. They used to be called Shokonsha but the name was changed in 1939.

Unity of Heaven and humanity

Unity of Heaven and humanity is an old philosophical concept in China that can be found in various Chinese religions and philosophies. The main idea is that things like human ethics, physiology, and politics reflect Tian, which means "heaven" or "nature".

The concept of unity of heaven and humanity has its roots in ancient Chinese religion, where people believed in spirits and experienced trances. This early shamanistic experience can still be observed in present-day Chinese folk religion. The idea was first mentioned in the Spring and Autumn Warring States period and was further developed in Confucianism, Daoism, and Buddhism.

Dong Zhongshu referenced the concept as "heaven and mankind induction" during the Han Dynasty, while the Cheng-Zhu school of Neo-Confucianism believed it was based on the theory of the Divine Principle.

In Daoism, the concept of Tian or "Heaven" is viewed as nature, and humans are considered to be a part of nature. The saying goes, "If there is man, there is also heaven; if there is heaven, there is also man." This belief reflects the idea that heaven and earth are interconnected and all things in the world are unified. As the philosopher Zhuangzi stated, "Heaven and earth were born with me, and all things are one with me."

The Huangdi Neijing is a traditional Chinese medicine text that supports the idea of the unity of Heaven and humanity. According to the text, humans are connected to nature and should be in harmony with the four seasons. The text emphasizes that humans participate in and are one with heaven and earth. It states that humans have a unified origin, properties, structure, and laws with heaven, which is considered an objective existence independent of human spiritual consciousness. The text also suggests that humans have spiritual consciousness and are a subject with it.

The concept of "unity of God and humanity" in the Western world is similar to the Chinese idea of "unity of Heaven and humanity," but there are some differences. In ancient Greece, only a sorcerer with special powers could achieve the "unity of God and humanity." In Christianity, anyone who confesses their sins and accepts Jesus Christ as God's only Son can become a child of God and enter eternal life. The Islamic view emphasizes that believers should observe "good works."

In Indian culture, the central theme of the Upanishads, which are great classic texts, is the unity of Brahman (Moksha). This principle is practiced by profound yogis and is similar to the Chinese idea of the unity of heaven and humanity.



Shrine Parishioner Registration

The Regulations for Shrine Parishioner Registration were rules made by the Council of State (Dajōkan) in Japan. They were in place for two years from 1871 to 1873. The rules required everyone to register at shinto shrines. This was similar to an earlier system called the which did the same for Buddhist temples.

The official name of the law is .

The law had seven parts. The first part said that when a baby was born, the parents had to tell the village head. Then, they had to take the baby to the local shrine to get a special amulet. This amulet had to stay with the baby. If someone did not have this amulet, they had to tell the village head their name, birthdate, where they were born, and their father's name. The village head would then get an amulet for them. The village head would check the amulets every six years when they did a registration exercise. If someone died, their amulet had to go back to the shrine priest. 

Another set of rules was made at the same time called Regulations for Rural District Shrines. This set of rules said that each district had to have one rural district shrine responsible for overseeing registration. These rules were supposed to register all newborn babies. Some people think that these rules were also supposed to make shrines like temples from earlier times in Japan. These rules only lasted for two years, but the rules for district shrines lasted until after World War II. The Shrine Consolidation Policy merged shrines together for this purpose.


Friedrich Paulus

Friedrich Paulus was a German field marshal served the Wehrmacht during World War II.

Taikyo Institute

The was a Japanese Institution and part of the Ministry of Religion in the Empire of Japan.

The Taikyo Institute was established in 1872 with the aim of training kyōdo shōku or religious teachers. This was because the Missionary Office and Department of Divinities were not successful in their national indoctrination objectives. The institute was originally intended as a joint organization between Shinto and Buddhism, but eventually became completely dominated by Shinto. 

On January 1, 1875, there was a fire at the Taikyo Institute caused by arson. This caused confusion and led to four Jōdo Shinshū sects announcing informally that they were leaving the Taikyo Institute..

On May 3, 1875, the Great Teaching Institute was disbanded by the Ministry of Religion and was replaced by the Bureau of Shinto Affairs and later Shinto Taikyo.

The "Great Teaching" and "Taikyo Proclamation" use the same word, as does "Taikyo" in "Shinto Taikyo".




Dewsbury

Dewsbury is a market town in the Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees in West Yorkshire. It is on the River Calder. A bit of the Calder and Hebble Navigation waterway goes there. It is to the west of Wakefield, east of Huddersfield and south of Leeds.

It was an important centre for wool milling. They collected used woollen items, mixed them with new wool and made heavy blankets and uniforms.

Dewsbury Minster is near the River Calder. Some of it was built in the 13th century. The market was set up in the 14th century.

In 1770, a short branch of the Calder and Hebble Navigation reached the town. That helped the mills because the boats could get to to Manchester and Hull.

The town now has a large Muslim community.

Shrine Consolidation Policy

The Shrine Consolidation Policy was a plan by the Meiji Japanese government to get rid of many small Shinto shrines and combine their duties with bigger regional shrines.. In 1900, a government branch called the Bureau of Shrines (Jinja kyoku) was formed as part of the Home Ministry. This branch was in charge of carrying out the Shrine Consolidation Policy.

The Shrine Consolidation Policy was made to decrease the power of Shinto, and the government wanted to control the remaining shrines. The goal was to make the shrines easier to manage. Even though many people didn't like it, 77,899 Shinto shrines were closed in the first twenty years of the policy. The Shrine Consolidation Policy was in effect until the end of World War II, but it had the biggest impact in the first six years after it started in 1906. By 1912, the number of shrines that were closed decreased significantly.

To strengthen shrines, the government either moved the deities from smaller shrines to larger ones or combined multiple shrines' deities into one shrine. The result was fewer, larger shrines under government control.

During the Meiji and Taisho eras, the Japanese government merged smaller, unprofitable shrines in an effort to enhance the presence of shrines overall. The Bureau of Shrines in the Home Ministry was responsible for this reorganization, focusing on village shrines and unranked shrines. The government's goal was to organize existing shrines and limit the number of shrines receiving offerings. However, there were accusations of corruption and attempts to seize land for financial gain. In 1906, an imperial edict called "With Regard to the Provision of Offerings to Shrines of Prefectural Rank and Below" was issued to financially support thriving shrines only, leading to the merging of many shrines. Under the edict, merged shrines, temples, and other sacred sites were required to surrender their land without compensation. Local authorities in Wakayama and Mie prefectures in particular carried out mergers, resulting in a significant reduction in the number of shrines by 1914.

Some intellectuals and politicians resisted the merger policy, leading to its eventual eschewal by the Bureau of Shrines. 

The "Shrine merger" policy aimed to decrease the number of shrines in Japan and focus resources on those remaining. This was done to ensure that the remaining shrines had facilities and properties that met a certain standard, and to maintain their dignity while establishing their continuous management. Additionally, the Meiji government recognized sect Shinto as a religion, but considered shrines as "national religious ceremonies" rather than religious. The policy of reducing the number of shrines was also implemented to make it financially possible for local governments to provide public funds to prefectural shrines and smaller shrines, according to the Ministry of the Interior.

The Ministry of Home Affairs' Bureau of Shrines was responsible for implementing this policy. However, it seems that the Ministry's Regional Bureaus also played a role. These local bureaus were not willing to let local governments use public funds to support shrines below the prefectural level, which was one of the goals of merging shrines. This was because it would increase the financial burden on the local governments. Nevertheless, this was still included in the policy.

The "shrine-centered theory" is the belief that local communities in Japan should focus on their shrines as a way to promote self-governance. This led to a policy of enshrining one shrine per town or village, which was called "one town, one village, one shrine." By using the Ujiko area associated with the shrine to align with administrative divisions, the government aimed to make the shrine the central hub of local activities.

In 1906, the Japanese Minister of the Interior, Takashi Hara, created a policy called the "shrine ritual policy." This policy aimed to regulate how people used shrines in Japan. At first, it was not strictly enforced, but later, the Minister of Interior of the Second Katsura Cabinet, Tosuke Hirata, made it stronger. Consequently, many shrines were demolished, especially in Mie, Wakayama, and Ehime prefectures. However, the degree of implementation varied in different regions, and some areas, like Kyoto, did not see significant changes. By 1914, about 200,000 shrines were affected nationwide, as 70,000 of them were destroyed.

The shrine consolidation policy, which was based on bureaucratic rationalism, was not always implemented in accordance with the wishes of the shrine parishioners and worshippers. Settlements and administrative divisions did not always match, which resulted in some Ujigami being moved to places far from their worshippers due to the shrine mergers. As a result, some Ujigami were unable to be worshipped. Although some shrine parishioners refused to worship, in some places they were forced to worship.

The parishioners and worshippers of the affected shrines did sometimes hold meetings to voice their opposition, but for the most part, they couldn't fight against the policy. Their dissatisfaction was often expressed in the form of stories about how the deities of the abolished shrines caused supernatural occurrences or hauntings.

That said, intellectuals such as Kumagusu Minakata, a naturalist and folklore scholar known for his research on slime molds, strongly opposed this policy. In the south, the shrine merger movement was


The opposition movements against the Shrine Consolidation Policy eventually stopped, and the Imperial Diet responded by temporarily halting the sudden increase in shrine merging after 1910 (1910-1943). However, the policy had already caused significant damage, resulting in the loss of many rituals and customs, and harming religious beliefs. Although the policy was eventually halted, the damage caused by it was significant and long-lasting. 

After World War II, the system of non-religious shrines that existed before the war was abolished, and all shrines became religious corporations. Many shrines that were previously merged were later restored. Even after a shrine was officially enshrined, some of its facilities were left behind, making it easier to restore them. It was generally easier to restore shrines in places where the traditional reverence for the shrine was maintained, but if the community that supported the shrine disappeared or changed due to changes in administrative boundaries or other circumstances, restoration was more difficult.



Herschel Greer Stadium

Herschel Greer Stadium was a baseball park in Nashville, Tennessee. It was the home stadium of the Nashville Sounds, who are a Minor League Baseball team. It opened on April 26, 1978. The Sounds played there for 37 years. Their last game was on August 27, 2014. In 2015, the Sounds began to play at a new stadium called First Horizon Park. Greer Stadium was demolished to become part of a park in 2019.

The ballpark was built for the the Nashville Sounds, but other sports teams have also played at the stadium. Another baseball team, the Nashville Xpress, played there in 1993 and 1994 at the same time as the Sounds. The stadium was famous for having a scoreboard shaped like a guitar.

Specific
General

International Phonetic Association

The International Phonetic Association is an organization that promotes the scientific study of phonetics and practical applications of that science. It started in Paris in 1886. It developed the International Phonetic Alphabet—a standard for the phonetic representation of all languages. The acronym IPA refers to both the association and the alphabet. On 30 June 2015, it was incorporated as a British private company limited by guarantee. Its offices are in London.

Mosfilm

Mosfilm is one of the largest and oldest movie studios in Russia and in Europe. It was started in 1924 in the USSR when there was a monopoly on movie production.

It was set up in Moscow in 1920 and rebuilt in 1927. By the end of the Soviet Union it had produced more than 3,000 films. It continues as a private company. 

Earnings before interest and taxes

Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) is a measure of a firm's profit that includes all incomes and expenses except interest and income tax. It is used as a measure of the money a business really makes.

Oyagami

Oyagami (祖神) is a Japanese literally meaning "parent deity." It sometimes expresses the belief that kami, or divine beings, care for human beings in the same way that human parents care for their children, similar to how God the father expresses that. This concept can be found in two forms: an abstract idea that has been around since ancient times, and a more codified concept that developed within certain Shinto sects and new religions.

Some Shinto sects believe that the entire world or cosmos is a living entity, full of vitality and productive power that originates from the oyagami, which is the ultimate existence that gives birth to everything. According to this belief, humans are "offspring of the kami" and have been given life by them. This doctrine suggests that humans have the potential to become kami themselves, as they are originally made of the same substance as the divine beings.

In the Tenrikyō new religion, the main deity is called "Oyagami," and the sect's founder is known as "Oyasama." This use of the word "parent" before the name of the kami being worshipped is believed to reflect the traditional Japanese understanding of the meaning of divine beings. Overall, the concept of oyagami emphasizes the close relationship between humans and kami and the belief that divine beings care for humans like parents care for their children.

The Imperial Household and Uji clans believe in ancestor gods from a long time ago. They are considered the god or person that started the family line. The clan is a group of people who feel like they are family because they have the same ancestor god. This idea used to be very important, but over time it became less important. The clan gods used to be based on family ties, but later became more connected to the land they lived on, and were like other local gods.

The word means "parent god".

It is the title God goes by in Tenrikyo.


Tutelary deity

A tutelary deity is a deity or spirit that serves as a guardian of a thing. That thing can range from a country to an occupation. 

In ancient Greek and Roman religions, there were special gods called tutelary deities. One type of tutelary deity was called the genius. The genius was like a personal guardian spirit that was with a person from the time they were born until they died.

Another type of personal guardian spirit is called a familiar spirit. This type of spirit is found in European folklore.


United Team of Germany at the Olympics

The United Team of Germany was a combined team from West Germany and East Germany that competed in the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Winter and Summer Olympic Games. In the 1968 Winter Olympics, East and West Germany competed as separate teams but they both used the same compromise Olympic flag and Beethoven anthem. From the 1972 Winter Olympics the two teams competed separately with separate flags and anthems.

Bureau of Shinto Affairs

The was an organization in Japan that succeeded the Taikyo Institute in 1875. The Bureau of Shinto Affairs was an organization during the Meiji era that united different Shinto groups across Japan. It was a public institution and had a student dormitory to train priests. It was also responsible for accrediting Sect Shinto.

The Bureau of Shinto Affairs trained priests but faced conflicts over differences in beliefs. This led to the Ise sect becoming more prominent and the Izumo sect being marginalized.

In 1882, the Bureau of Shinto Affairs was turned into a Shinto sect due to a government ordinance requiring the separation of shrine priests and missionaries or theologians. As a result, in 1884, the missionaries of both Shinto and Buddhism were suppressed. The government then established the Office of Japanese Classics Research as a replacement for the Bureau.

In 1886, the Bureau of Shinto Affairs reorganized itself as the Shinto Headquarters (Shinto Honkyoku) and later changed its name to Shinto Taikyo.

In 1912, a group called The Thirteen Schools of Shinto including the Shinto Headquarters joined together to create the Kyoha Shinto Rengokai (Association of Sectarian Shinto)..



Jingu-kyo

In 1872, Urata Nagatami asked for permission to start a Shinto church called Jingū Kyōkai, shortly after the Ministry of Religion was created. He opened teaching centers and religious groups to organize his disciples, then combined them under the name Divine Wind Religious Association in 1873. Popular pilgrimage groups that were already established were also included. The Jingūkyo Institute started spreading its teachings throughout the country after the dissolution of the Daikyōin in 1875.

In 1882, the Kyodo Shoku was abolished, which led to the Jingūkyo Institute declaring itself independent from the official Grand Shrine Administration Office and renaming itself Jingūkyō. Tanaka Yoritsune became the first superintendent after Urata resigned. Membership increased until the late 1880s, but there was little growth afterward. In 1898, Japan's Civil Law was passed, and there was a movement to make the Jingūkyō a service organization for the Grand Shrines of Ise. As a result, the Jingūkyō was reorganized into the Jingū Hōsaikai in September 1899.

It was reorganized as such in part because it had a major burden of distrubiting Jingu Taima and this was criticized as that was used all across Japan.

The Jingū Hōsaikai still follows the same basic ideals as Jingūkyō, focusing on the Grand Shrines of Ise, Emperor worship, studying kokugaku. Even today, the legacy of Jingūkyō can be seen in Japanese society and culture.

With the help of the National Association of Shinto Priests, the Office of Japanese Classics Research it founded the Association of Shinto Shrines.

Taikyo Proclamation

The was a proclamation by Emperor Meiji on January 3, 1870.

The proclamation had three great teachings, also known as the Great Doctrine, or the Taikyo.


The Taikyo Institute was founded to promote these teachings


Jōdo Shinshū

Jodo Shinshu is the biggest Buddhist group in Japan.


Association of Shinto Shrines

The Association of Shinto Shrines is a Shinto organization. It is the largest shinto organization with over 80,000 shrines.

It was founded by the Jingukyo, the National Association of Shinto Priests, and the Office of Japanese Classics Research at the end of World War II.


Thun-Saint-Amand

Thun-Saint-Amand () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,119 people lived there.


International Federation of the Phonographic Industry

The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry is the organisation that represents the interests of the recording industry across the world. It is a non-profit members' organisation registered in Switzerland. It was started in Italy in 1933 by Francesco Braga. It has its main office in London, with more local offices in Brussels, Hong Kong, Miami, Abu Dhabi, Singapore and Nairobi.

It has more than 8,000 members and operating in over 70 countries.

It started by promoting laws and copyrights and "to protect the largely British-based recording industry" by promoting rights in gramophone sound recordings.

In 1961 it helped to set up an international standard for the protection of sound recordings, live performances and broadcasts. The United States did not recognise a separate sound recording copyright until 1971.

Tromsø Airport, Skattøra

Tromsø Airport, Skattøra was an airport in Norway that was built on water. It was used as a military air base. It was constructed in 1938 and was used until 1975. During the Second World War, it was used by the German Luftwaffe and they made it the center for their seaplane fleet in the North Atlantic. After the war, it was taken over by the Royal Norwegian Air Force and became a main air station until 1959. It also had civilian traffic from 1946, with airlines like Scandinavian Airlines and Widerøe. The airport closed in 1975 and is no longer in use.

Jerome and Jeremiah Valeska

Jerome and Jeremiah Valeska are fictional characters from the television show Gotham and are its version of The Joker. They are played by Cameron Monaghan.

In the episode The Blind Fortune Teller, Detective James Gordon looks into the murder of a female snake dancer at a circus and talks to her eighteen year old son Jerome Valeska. At the end of the episode, it turns out Jerome killed her for fun and when he’s caught, he admits it and laughs.

Jerome Valeska is broken out of Arkham Asylum for the Criminally Insane by the new villain and becomes the leader of a gang of terrorists who call themselves Maniax! They kill the Mayor. They kill the person in charge of the Police. They massacre the police station and they steal a bus full of high school cheerleaders and try to kill them with explosives. Jerome also kills his father, a blind fortune teller. Jerome kills a magician and pretends to be him so that he can try to kill Bruce Wayne. Jerome kills the other terrorists for fun once he doesn’t need them anymore and he tries to kill Bruce. But then Theodore Galavan, who broke Jerome out of Arkham, kills Jerome so that Bruce will trust him.

A cult which worships Jerome Valeska finds his body and uses a machine they stole from mad scientist Hugo Strange to bring him back to life. When it doesn’t work, the cult leader cuts off Jerome’s face and wears it like a mask. Then Jerome comes back to life, kills the cult leader and takes the mask back. Then Jerome shuts down all the electricity in all of Gotham City and people start rioting. Jerome then kidnaps Bruce Wayne and takes him to his circus which he took over to kill him. Jerome tells Bruce what he wants is to prove that everyone is evil and that “there are no heroes in Gotham”. Jerome also tries to have Alfred Pennyworth murdered. Bruce manages to fight Jerome and beat him but he refuses to kill him even after Jerome loses his face in the fight. The police send Jerome to a hospital where he gets plastic surgery to get his face back and then put him back in Arkham Asylum.

After The Penguin is sent to Arkham Asylum for murder he meets Jerome Valeska. Jerome wants The Penguin to be the supervillain everyone says he is and when he’s not, he has everyone else attack, threaten, harass beat up and bully The Penguin to get him to show how dangerous he is. When that doesn’t happen Jerome decides to kill the Penguin. Then the Penguin outsmarts him, fights him, while miming, and beats him and after that Jerome starts to respect The Penguin. Later Jerome escapes with the Scarecrow, The Mad Hatter and other violent supercriminals and starts his own team called The Legion of Horribles with The Penguin Solomon Grundy, Firefly and Victor Freeze. Scarecrow creates a poison gas for Jerome that causes insanity and Jerome kidnaps the Mayor and city council and says that he’ll kill them unless his identical twin brother Jeremiah Valeska and his enemy Bruce Wayne surrender to him. Jeremiah refuses to do that until Bruce convinces him that it’s the right thing. Jerome tries to kill them both but Captain James Gordon rescues them. So instead Jerome decides to drop his insanity gas from a blimp so that everyone will be violent and insane. The Penguin then decides to tell Captain Gordon but Gordon ignores him since he doesn’t trust The Penguin.

When The Penguin tries to convince Scarecrow and Mad Hatter not to go through with Jerome’s plan, they lock him in the Blimp. Jerome attacks Gotham City and Captain Gordon fights him and Jerome loses and falls to his death but he warns that what he did is just the beginning. The Penguin escapes and steers the blimp out of Gotham City. Jerome realized that that might happen so he sent Jeremiah his insanity gas turning Jeremiah’s skin white and making him a psychopath. Jeremiah then tries to convince his friend Bruce Wayne to help him destroy Gotham City. When Bruce doesn’t, Jeremiah uses Jerome’s cult to try to kill Bruce. When that doesn’t work, Jeremiah teams up with Ra’s al-Ghul, stabs Bruce’s girlfriend Selina Kyle, destroys every bridge out of Gotham City with bombs and shuts down all electricity in Gotham City. The police then abandon Gotham except Captain Gordon and some others and criminals take over the city.

Jeremiah Valeska fakes his own death with the help of his sidekick Echo and has people kidnapped, enslaved and forced to tunnel out of Gotham City so that he can flood the island. He also kidnaps Bruce Wayne and mind controls Alfred Pennyworth and two people who look like Bruce’s dead parents so that he can make Bruce relive the night his parents were murdered. Jeremiah also kidnaps and tries to kill Captain James Gordon and his psychiatrist girlfriend in front of Bruce. Later on, Jeremiah and Bruce fight and Bruce pushes Jeremiah into a tank of dangerous chemicals. Jeremiah survives but ends up in a coma and stays in it for the next 10 years during which The Riddler stabbed him for fun. So as revenge, Jeremiah tricked The Riddler into escaping Arkham Asylum for the Criminally Insane and framed The Penguin for it. Jeremiah also killed Echo after she stopped being useful to him. And Jeremiah tried to kill Commissioner James Gordon and tells him his name isn’t Jeremiah anymore but something else that starts with the letter J. Then Jeremiah is attacked by a man dressed up as a bat and the Batman sends him back to Arkham.

Unity of knowledge and action

The Unity of knowledge and action (知行合一) is a concept in philosophy created by Wang Yangming. It means that knowledge and action should go together and help each other. This idea says that only by behaving well can someone become wise. It is similar to the Western idea called virtue epistemology.

In Chinese philosophy, knowledge and action were usually seen as related but different. Wang disagreed and said there was no difference between them. He thought that knowledge was knowing how to act in a situation, based on his ideas about people and their innate knowledge. He also believed that the world was always changing, rather than staying the same, which is similar to the Western idea of Process philosophy.

Wang Yangming created the idea during the Ming dynasty.

Wang Yangming disagreed with the teachings of Zhu Xi, a famous philosopher. Zhu Xi encouraged students to study in two parts, one theoretical and one practical. Wang believed this approach made people ineffective.

Western philosophers talk about akrasia, which is when someone does something they know is wrong on purpose. But Wang disagrees. He says that just saying you know something is wrong isn't enough. You have to actually act on what you know for it to count. For example, if a student cheats on a test but says cheating is wrong, Wang would say they don't really understand what they're saying..

The idea of combining knowledge and action is not exclusive to Chinese philosophy. Similar ideas can be found in Western literature. Hermann Hesse in his novel "Demian" writes that only the thoughts we put into action have real value. The motto of MIT, "Mens et Manus" or "Mind and Hand," also emphasizes the importance of combining inner knowledge with actions.

The idea of virtue Epistemology in contemporary Western philosophy also shares similarities with Wang Yangming's concept of the Unity of Knowledge and Action. Both emphasize the importance of practical wisdom and the integration of knowledge and action.


Volckerinckhove

Volckerinckhove (; ) is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 563 people lived there.


Muskegon Heights, Michigan

Muskegon Heights is a city in Muskegon County, Michigan, United States.

North Muskegon, Michigan

North Muskegon is a city in Muskegon County, Michigan, United States.

Norton Shores, Michigan

Norton Shores is a city in Muskegon County, Michigan, United States.

Roosevelt Park, Michigan

Roosevelt Park is a city in Muskegon County, Michigan, United States.

Whitehall, Michigan

Whitehall is a city in Muskegon County, Michigan, United States.

Fremont, Michigan

Fremont is a city in Newaygo County, Michigan, United States.

Newaygo, Michigan

Newaygo is a city in Newaygo County, Michigan, United States.

Rose City, Michigan

Rose City is a city in Ogemaw County, Michigan, United States.

Evart, Michigan

Evart is a city in Osceola County, Michigan, United States.

Coopersville, Michigan

Coopersville is a city in Ottawa County, Michigan, United States.

Ferrysburg, Michigan

Ferrysburg is a city in Ottawa County, Michigan, United States.

Onaway, Michigan

Onaway is a city in Presque Isle County, Michigan, United States.

Frankenmuth, Michigan

Frankenmuth is a city in Saginaw County, Michigan, United States.

Zilwaukee, Michigan

Zilwaukee is a city in Saginaw County, Michigan, United States.

Croswell, Michigan

Croswell is a city in Sanilac County, Michigan, United States.

Marlette, Michigan

Marlette is a city in Sanilac County, Michigan, United States.

Durand, Michigan

Durand is a city in Shiawassee County, Michigan, United States.

Laingsburg, Michigan

Laingsburg is a city in Shiawassee County, Michigan, United States.

Perry, Michigan

Perry is a city in Shiawassee County, Michigan, United States.

Sturgis, Michigan

Sturgis is a city in St. Joseph County, Michigan, United States.

Three Rivers, Michigan

Three Rivers is a city in St. Joseph County, Michigan, United States.

Vassar, Michigan

Vassar is a city in Tuscola County, Michigan, United States.

Bangor, Michigan

Bangor is a city in Van Buren County, Michigan, United States.

Gobles, Michigan

Gobles is a city in Van Buren County, Michigan, United States.

Hartford, Michigan

Hartford is a city in Van Buren County, Michigan, United States.

Manton, Michigan

Manton is a city in Wexford County, Michigan, United States.

Siege of Sevastopol (1941–1942)

</nowiki>

The siege of Sevastopol took place from October 30 1941 to July 4 1942 during World War II 's Eastern Front. A Siege is where a milltary unit surround another enemy milltary unit. The Soviet Army was trapped in the city of Sevastopol with Axis forces surround the city. The siege ended in July 4 1942 where the Germans broke the siege and entered the city.

Zhangixalus

Zhangixalus is a group of frogs in the subfamily Rhacophorinae, family Rhacophoridae. They are called Zhang's treefrogs in English. They live in the Eastern Himalayas, southern China, Taiwan, Japan, and southeast Asia.

The frogs are named for Zhang Ya-Ping from the Chinese Academy of Sciences. Zhang worked in biodiversity and evolution research in China. "Ixalus" is a word that means treefrogs.

Scientists made the group "Zhangixalus" in a 2019 when they were looking at the very large genus "Rhacophorus" (92 species). They divided "Rhacophorus" into three groups: "Rhacophorus" sensu stricto (then 39 species; as of November 2021, 43 species), "Leptomantis" (then 14 species; as of November 2021, 13 species), and "Zhangixalus" (then 37 species; as of November 2021, 40 species). They did this because of molecular data, such as DNA, but also because they could see differences in the frogs' bodies and in the places where they lived. "Rhacophorus" is the sister taxon of "Zhangixalus" and "Leptomantis".

"Zhangixalus" are large frogs, ranging between in from nose to rear end, but most are more than more than . The snout is round. The terminal phalanges of fingers and toes are Y-shaped. Dorsal skin is smooth or has some small bumps. Most frogs have green skins. The female lays eggs in white foam nests that the two frogs make together.

"Zhangixalus" has frogs that seem not to be related to other frogs: "Z. achantharrhena", "Z. dulitensis", and "Z. prominanus". They are different from other "Zhangixalus" frogs: they have folds in their skin by their legs and tarsal projections. Scientists are not sure these species really should be in "Zhangixalus".
There are 41 species in this genus:

The AmphibiaWeb recognizes the same species except "Zhangixalus amamiensis", which is treated as being part of "Zhangixalus viridis".

Chislobog

Chislobog (Числобог) is a figure from modern Slavic paganism, especially in the Ynglist tradition. He is typically associated with time and/or numbers, and his name comes from the Slavic words for "number" (число, chislo) and "god" (бог, bog).

Chislobog's origins are uncertain, but he appears in the Book of Veles, a book that is believed to be a forgery rather than a genuine ancient Slavic text. Despite this, he is an important figure in Ynglism and is worshipped by followers of the tradition.

According to Ynglist belief, Chislobog controls the flow of time, sometimes symbolized as a river. He is also considered the protector of various Slavic-Aryan calendars, including the Daa'ri calendar. Ynglists believe that the Daa'ri calendar was used in Europe prior to the adoption of the Christian calendar.

Chislobog is often depicted holding a sword in his left hand, symbolizing protection and preservation, and a shield with the Daa'ri calendar inscribed on it in his right hand. The hymn of Chislobog praises him as the protector of life and the giver of understanding to humans, and asks for blessings for Ynglist families and long life.

While some people have suggested that Chislobog may be female, this is not a widely held belief among Ynglists.


Official names of the Soviet Union


Political union

A political union is a type of political entity. They are usually made up of smaller polities. These smaller administrative divisions are usually called federated states and federal territories in a federal government. In a centralized government, they are often prefectures, regions or provinces. This form of government may be created by cession. This is usually called "unionism." The United Kingdom is an example of this unionism. In other cases, it may come from political unification. This involves coercion and conquest. If states were separated after being a single states, putting them back together would be "reunification". This happened when East and West Germany joined back together as Germany. The individual constituent entities may have devolution of powers but they must still follow the rules of a central government. In a federalised system, the constituent entities usually have internal autonomy. For example, they normally have the power to setup their own police departments. They normally give the federal government power in many areas. These often include military forces and foreign affairs. The union is seen by other countries as a single political entity.

Sandnessund Bridge

The Sandnessund Bridge is a long bridge that connects two islands in Norway, Tromsøya and Kvaløya. It is made of concrete and has 36 parts holding it up, with the longest part being . The bridge is long in total, and the sea below it is away at its highest point. The bridge was opened in 1974 by Crown Prince Harald, and used to cost money to cross until 1982. It is part of a big road that goes through Norway.

Grønnåsen Church

Grønnåsen Church is a church located in the northern part of Tromsø city on Tromsøya island in Norway. It was built in 1996 and has a fan-shaped design. The church can hold about 450 people and is used by the Grønnåsen parish.

Muhammad bin Bakhtiyar Khilji

Muhmmad Bakhtyar Khilji Was ghurid dynasty general of afghan ethnicity

Isuzuyori-hime

Isuzuyori-hime () was an empress consort of Japan as the wife of Emperor Suizei. She was the mother of Emperor Annei.

In the second year, during the spring season of Suizei's reign, she was appointed empress. Later on, in the first year, on the 10th month, 11th day of her son Emperor Annei's reign, he bestowed upon her the title of "Kodaigo" (empress dowager). She was the daughter of Kotoshironushi, and the sister of Himetataraisuzu-hime. She was a important figure in Japanese mythology. 

Kokushi genzaisha

Kokushi genzaisha (国史見在社) are a type of Shinto shrine. It means a shrine that appears in the Rikkokushi (六国史) but not in the Engishiki

The Rikkokushi or the Six Official Histories, includes Nihon shoki, Shoku nihongi, Nihon kōki, Shoku Nihon Kōki, Montoku jitsuroku, and Sandai jitsuroku. Kokushi gensaisha are also called kokushi shozaisha or "shrines that appear in the Official Histories". These shrines are important because they have a historical significance and are regarded as ancient shrines. Some of the shrines listed in the Jinmyōchō (Register of Deities) in Engishiki, also known as Myojin Taisha also overlap with the kokushi genzaisha, but the term usually refers to shrines that are only mentioned in the Official Histories.

国史 (Kokushi) means official history, 見在 gensai means appearing and 社 sha means shrine

Kumano Taisha

The shrine is considered to be the most important shrine in Izumo Province, along with Izumo Grand Shrine. It is known as ichinomiya, which means "the first shrine" or "the most important shrine" in the province.

This shrine should not be confused with the Kumano sanzan complex located in Wakayama Prefecture. The deity worshipped in this shrine is named 'Izanagi-no-Himanago Kaburogi Kumano-no-Ōkami Kushimikenu-no-Mikoto', which means "Beloved Child of Izanagi, Divine Ancestor, and Great Deity of Kumano, Kushimikenu-no-Mikoto." This deity is associated with Susanoo.. 
In Japanese mythology, the shrine is believed to be the place where fire was first made. The shrine keeps two ancient tools for making fire, a hand drill (燧杵 "hikiri-kine") and a hearthboard (燧臼 "hikiri-usu"), which are used during the Fire Lighting Ceremony held every October. The ceremony is also known as Kiribi-matsuri or Sanka-sai..

Shikaumi Shrine

The famous King of Na gold seal was discovered on the same island as the shrine.

The shrine has historical connections to foreign wars because it was the place from which Empress Jingū launched her invasion of Korea, and it was also a site of conflict during the Mongol invasions of Japan.

The Azumi people traditionally followed the sea God, Watatsumi. The Shrine is considered their ancestral shrine and honors their god Watatsumi. 

The shrine is taken care of by a priest who is believed to be a descendant of the Azumi clan. The biennial gojinkosai ceremony held at the shrine is recognized as an intangible cultural property by the prefecture. 

The shrine, incorporates a deer motif in its rituals and designs. The deer motif is significant to the Azumi people and their beliefs, and is a common feature in the historic culture of the region.

Tainan Shrine

Tainan Shrine () , was a Shinto shrine built by the Empire of Japan in Taiwan. It was associated with imperialism and State Shinto rather than local belief in Shintoism. The shrine was founded in 1920 and expanded in 1925. Its main deity was Prince Kitashirakawa., who died of malaria during the Japanese invasion of Taiwan. He was enshrined in many shrines across Taiwan, including the Taiwan Grand Shrine.
During that time, the government forced people to visit shrines instead of visiting them voluntarily.. The Tainan Shrine organized an elaborate festival every January.

Toyosaka and Noda Shrines

Toyosaka Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Yamaguchi, located next to Noda Shrine. It is dedicated to Mōri Motonari.

 is a Shinto shrine located in Yamaguchi, it is located next to . It is dedicated to Mōri Motonari.

Keta Shrine

The origin of the construction of this shrine is unknown, but it is believed to have been built where Ōkuninushi landed with 300 of his followers from Izumo to conquer the inhabitants of the Noto Peninsula during the reign of the legendary 8th Emperor Kōgen or 10th Emperor Sujin. The shrine is first mentioned in a poem in the Man'yōshū by Otomo no Yakamochi dated 748 AD. It is also mentioned in the Shoku Nihongi in 768 AD, and by the Nihon Sandai Jitsuroku in 859 AD, it had been accorded 1st Court Rank.

During the Edo period, the Maeda clan supported the shrine and some of the structures were built during this time. The shrine was considered a national shrine of the first rank (kokuhei taisha) under the pre-World War II ranked system of Shinto Shrines.

Five buildings within the shrine have been recognized as Important Cultural Properties:



Watatsumi Shrine

Watatsumi Shrine (海神社) is a Shinto shrine in Kobe Japan founded by Empress Jingu upon her return from attempting to conquer Korea. It is dedicated to the god Watatsumi, who is associated with the sea and marine life.

According to legend, Empress Jingū was nearly shipwrecked but managed to survive thanks to praying to Watatsumi, and she made the Akashi Shrine to honor him. At the same time, she also established Ikasuri Shrine and Ikuta Shrine.

The shrine is often referred to as the in colloquial language, as it is a common misreading of the characters used in its name.

The shrine was first mentioned in 806 During the Edo period, it was considered highly significant to the rulers of the Akashi Domain who visited it every February The main Torii of the shrine was originally located on the beach, but due to land reclamation after World War II, it was moved further inland.


Kamado Shrine

Kamado-jinja is a Shinto shrine in Dazaifu, Fukuoka, Japan, on top of Mount Homan, which has been a sacred mountain since ancient times. The shrine is dedicated to Tamayori-bime, Emperor Ojin, and Empress Jingu. The area around the shrine is a National Historic Site. The shrine was once considered a very important shrine and had a high rank.

Kamado-jinja is a Shinto shrine in Dazaifu, Japan, located on Mount Hōman. According to legend, it was founded by Emperor Tenji in 664 for protection after his defeat in a battle. The shrine is dedicated to many gods on the mountain, which is considered unlucky. There are two sanctuaries, one at the bottom and one at the top of the mountain. There used to be a third one in the middle, but only its ruins remain. The upper sanctuary was established to honor Tamayori-bime's appearance to a monk in 683. The shrine is famous for cherry blossom viewing in the spring and fall foliage in the autumn, attracting many visitors.


Modern system of ranked Shinto shrines

The modern system of ranked Shinto shrines, is a system of ranking shinto shrines that was used in the Japanese Empire to determine how much money it gave the shtinres. It was an intrinsic part of Japanese .

This system classified Shinto shrines into two categories: official government shrines and "other" shrines.The official shrines were divided into 
Some shrines are the "first shrines" called "ichinomiya" that have the highest rank in their respective provinces of Japan.

The Ise Grand Shrine stood at the top of all shrines and thus was outside the classification.

All listed shrines on this page with the exception of Ise Grand Shrine and others noted in the notes are Beppyo shrines

On May 14th, 1871, the issued a decree establishing the modern shrine system. This system ranked Shinto shrines hierarchically and specified the levels of priests who could officiate at each level of shrine. However, these rankings were abolished in 1946 when they were considered "" by the Occupation . The currently maintains a slightly different list of Special Shrines known as Beppyo shrines

The Kan-sha system, which referred to official government shrines, had two subcategories - Kanpei-sha, also known as government shrines, and Kokuhei-sha, which were national shrines.".
In 1871, the Japanese government created the Kanpei-sha system to group Shinto shrines according to their relationship with the imperial family. The topmost category comprised of shrines that honored imperial family members, emperors, or those who served the imperial family well. These shrines were viewed as the ones most connected to the imperial family and were backed by the government...

The Kanpei-taisha were the most highly ranked shrines in Japan that were officially designated by the government. There were 67 shrines that held this status, which were closely associated with the imperial family. These shrines were considered to be of great historical and cultural significance, and were often visited by members of the imperial family as well as the general public.
The middle-level Imperial shrines were called Kanpei-chūsha (官幣中社) and there were 23 of them. They were not as important as the highest-ranked shrines and didn't get as much money from the government...

There were five shrines that had the lowest rank among the Imperial shrines, and they were known as Kanpei-shōsha (官幣小社).
After the creation of the officially ranked Imperial shrines, another group of special shrines known as Bekkaku kanpeisha (別格官幣社) was established. These shrines were not included in the ranking system of the Imperial shrines, but they were still considered to be of imperial status.
The Kokuhei-sha (国幣社) classified the government-supported shrines in a hierarchy, based on their national significance. The kokuheisha, on the other hand, were shrines that enshrined local kami considered beneficial to their respective areas.

The six most highly ranked, nationally significant shrines or Kokuhei Taisha (国幣大社) were considered the top tier of the national shrines.

The mid-range of ranked, nationally significant shrines or encompassed 47 sanctuaries.

There are 50 nationally significant shrines that are classified as Kokuhei Shōsha, which are the lowest ranked shrines in the modern system of ranked Shinto shrines.
Gokoku shrines were ranked separately They were considered branches of Yasukuni Shrine. This list only includes those which are currently ranked as Beppyo shrines
The or various smaller shrines ranking below these two levels of "Kan-sha" ("official government shrines") are commonly, though unofficially, referred to as "people's shrines" or . These lower-ranking shrines were initially subdivided by the proclamation of the fourteenth day of the fifth month of 1871 into four main ranks, "Metropolitan", "Clan" or "Domain", "Prefectural", and "District" shrines. By far the largest number of shrines fell below the rank of District shrine. Their status was clarified by the of the fourth day of the seventh month of 1871, in accordance with which "Village shrines" ranked below their respective "District shrines", while the smaller local shrines or "Hokora" ranked beneath the "Village shrines".

Here is a non-exhaustive list of shrines under each categorization. This list only includes ones now listed as .

"Metropolitan shrines" were known as . "Prefectural shrines" were known as . At a later date, the "Prefectural shrines" were classed together with the "Metropolitan shrines" as "Metropolitan and Prefectural Shrines" or .
"Clan shrines" or "Domain shrines" were known as . Due to the , no shrines were ever placed in this category.

"District shrines" were known as .
"Village shrines" were known as and ranked below their respective "District shrines", in accordance with the District Shrine Law of 4 July 1871.
Small local shrines known as are ranked beneath the village shrines, in accordance with the District Shrine Law of 4 July 1871. At a later date, shrines beneath the rank of "Village shrines" were classed as "Ungraded shrines" or .
New shrines were established and existing shrines promoted to higher ranks at various dates, but a 1903 snapshot of the 193,297 shrines in existence at that time saw the following:




Home Ministry

The Home Ministry was a government department in Japan that dealt with things like local government, elections, police, social policy, and public works from 1873 to 1947. It notably was involved with the development of State Shinto and controlling religious affairs in Japan.

Tenson Shrine


The Tenson Shrine was created in 782 and was later blessed by Emperor Heizei in 806.


天孫神社 - The Tenson Shrine's official website (Japanese)

Twenty-Two Shrines

The Twenty-two Shrines, also known as the "Nijūni-sha," are a group of Shinto shrines located throughout Japan that are considered to be the most important and historically significant shrines in the country. 

The full list 


Kids (Robbie Williams and Kylie Minogue song)

"Kids" is a 2000 duet single by Robbie Williams and Kylie Minogue. It appeared on both Williams' third studio album "Sing When You're Winning" and Minogue's seventh studio album "Light Years". It went to the top ten in the United Kingdom, Scotland, Portugal, New Zealand, Ireland, Iceland and Hungary.

Australian CD1

Australian CD2

European CD single

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK cassette single

Wicres

Wicres (; ) is a communes in Nord in north France. In 2019, 522 people lived there.


Karasawayama Shrine

Karasawayama Shrine is a Beppyo shrine in Sano, Tochigi It is located on the former grounds of . The castle grounds including the shrine is a National historic site of Japan

List of Shinto shrines

This is a list of Shinto shrines.


















































Circular reasoning

Circular reasoning (, "circle in proving"; also known as circular logic) is a logical fallacy. With this fallacy, the reasoner begins with what they are trying to end with. Circular reasoning is not a formal logical fallacy, but a pragmatic defect in an argument. In this fallacy, the premises need to be proved the same way as the conclusion. In a normal argument, the premises do not need to be proved. Since the premises also need to be proved, the argument does not persuade. There is no reason to accept the premises unless a person already believes the conclusion, or that the premises provide no independent ground or evidence for the conclusion. Circular reasoning is closely related to begging the question, and in modern usage the two generally refer to the same thing.

Circular reasoning is often of the form: "A is true because B is true; B is true because A is true." Circularity can be difficult to detect if it involves a longer chain of propositions.


Vicq, Nord

Vicq () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,464 people lived there.


Villereau, Nord

Villereau is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,046 people lived there.


Gem squash

Gem squash ("Cucurbita pepo" var. "pepo") is a variety, or family, of summer squash. It may have come from two wild types; "Cucurbita texana" seen in the southern and central United States and "Cucurbita fraterna" found in Mexico. The dark green round fruit, when fully ripe, is around the size of a tennis ball. The young fruit is often harvested before it is fully ripe when it has a softer flavor.

Gem squash is grown a lot in South Africa, and is usually served as a vegetable, often boiled or baked.

Fuyo Jingu

Buyeo was the capital of the ancient kingdom of Baekje, which had a historical relationship with Japan. The Fuyo Jingu shrine was planned to be built in Buyeo as a symbol of Japan's permanent control over Korea. The shrine was intended to mark the incorporation of Korea into Japan.

Four kami (spirits or deities) were meant to be enshrined at Fuyo Jingu: Emperor Ojin (also known as Hachiman), Empress Kōgyoku, Emperor Tenji, and Empress Jingu. These deities were all associated with the conquest of Korea. According to legend, Empress Jingu delayed giving birth to her child in order to lead a military campaign to conquer Korea.

Kanasana Shrine

Kanasana Shrine (金鑚神社) is a Shinto shrine in Kodama County, Saitama Prefecture. It is a Ninomiya, or a second rank shrine in its province after the Ichinomiya, and is commonly called "Ninomiya-sama"

On November 23rd every year, Kanasana Jinja hosts a festival called Hikiri Shinji, which is also known as the "firestone festival"

Kanasana Jinja is generally built in a mixed architectural style, which combines elements from different architectural styles. 

Kanasana Jinja doesn't have a main hall (honden) because the mountain behind the shrine is considered its shintai, or the physical object or natural element where the kami (deity) resides. Similar to Ōmiwa Shrine, Kanasana Jinja relies on a kannabi, which is a location that serves as a symbol of the kami's presence.

Kanasana Jinja has a large camphor tree shinboku on its premises that is considered a national treasure.

Verlinghem

Verlinghem (; ) is a commune in Nord in north France. in 2019, 2,483 people lived there.


We Close Our Eyes

"We Close Our Eyes" is a 1985 debut single by English pop duo Go West. It went to number 4 in New Zealand, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in Australia, number 9 in Italy, number 11 in Ireland, number 14 in Belgium and Germany, number 19 in Switzerland, number 22 in the Netherlands and number 41 in the United States.

A Good Man in Africa

A Good Man in Africa is a 1994 American British South African comedy movie directed by Bruce Beresford and was based on the 1981 novel of the same name by William Boyd. It stars Sean Connery, John Lithgow, Colin Friels, Joanne Whalley, Diana Rigg, Louis Gossett Jr. and Oscar Quitak. It was received mixed to poor reviews.


Probation

In many countries, judges have the option of putting someone on probation. Instead of serving time in jail, the person will be ordered to follow certain rules, and his or her behaviour will be monitored. This monitoring is only done for a certain amount of time. If the convicted person does not break the rules, while being monitored he or she can avoid another, harsher sentence (for example: spending time in prison). In general, sentences on probation are used for people who committed a crime for the first time, and for crimes that are seen as "less serious".

Probation is also used for people released from prison to help them get back into a normal life. These people might have been released on parole

Common rules are to keep away from certain people, for example in the case of domestic violence or to not work with children, in the case of child abuse. Other rules are that people on probation need to have a job, and they must tell the court where they live. In many cases electronic tags are used, to track where people are. The rules can be both that the person needs to do certain things, and also that he or she must not do other things. 

There are also cases where the verdict specifies that part of the sentence is "on probation": If the sentence is one year in prison, the court may for example say: three months in prison, and nine months on probation. 

I'm Still on Your Side

"I'm Still on Your Side" is a 1988 song by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and is the third single from his third studio album "Freight Train Heart". It went to number 29 in Australia and number 50 in New Zealand.

Australian 12" single (Mushroom X 13313)

US 7" single (Geffen Records 7-27727)

US CD single (Geffen Records PRO-CD-3244)

Warped (song)

"Warped" is a 1995 song by Red Hot Chili Peppers and is the leading single from their sixth studio album "One Hot Minute". It went to number 3 in Finland, number 4 in New Zealand, number 12 in Australia and Norway, number 14 in the Netherlands and number 31 in the United States.

CD single (1995)

The Will (newspaper)

The Will is a newspaper from Nigeria that comes out every week. Austyn Ogannah started it in 2009 in a place called San Francisco in America. Later, it started working in Nigeria too. The newspaper writes about different things that are important to people in Nigeria like news, politics, business, art, sports, and other important events. The Will is made by The Will News Media.

I Believe (Tears for Fears song)

"I Believe (A Soulful Re-Recording)" is a 1985 song by British new wave band Tears for Fears and is the fifth single from their second studio album "Songs from the Big Chair". It went to the top 40 in Ireland, the United Kingdom and New Zealand.






National Biodiversity Network

The National Biodiversity Network was set up in 2000 in the United Kingdom. It makes biodiversity information available. It runs the the NBN Atlas, a data search website. It was started by the NBN Trust. 

About 60,000 people routinely record biodiversity information in the UK and Ireland. Most of them are not paid. There are about 2,000 national societies and recording schemes. The British government also collects biodiversity data. There is a network of Local Environmental Records Centres.

In 2012, it was listed in the top 1,000 UK charities that raised most donations.

Equity (finance)

In finance, equity is an ownership of property that may be affected by debts or future events tied to the property, which are called liabilities. It is measured by subtracting liabilities from the value of the assets owned. For example, if someone owns a car worth $24,000 and owes $10,000 on the loan used to buy the car, the difference of $14,000 is equity. Equity can apply to a single asset, such as a car or house, or to an entire business. A business that needs to start up or expand can sell its equity in order to raise cash. People who buy a house with a mortgage have equity if the value of the house is worth more than the mortgage. If the mortage is more than the property is worth they are said to have negative equity.

Italian Football Federation

The Italian Football Federation (Italian: Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio), known as Federcalcio, runs football in Italy. It is based in Rome and the technical department is in Coverciano, Florence.

It organises the and Coppa Italia. It is also responsible for appointing the management of the Italy national football team (men's), women's, and youth national football teams. The Italy national futsal team also belongs to the federation.

It was started in Turin on 26 March 1898.

Thames sailing barge

A Thames sailing barge is a type of commercial sailing boat once common on the River Thames. They are flat-bottomed barges, adapted to the Thames Estuary, which is not deep and has narrow tributary rivers. The larger barges could be taken on the sea, and were the largest sailing vessel to be handled by just two men. The average size was about 120 tons and they carried 4,200 square feet (390 m) of canvas sail in six working sails. They carried heavy cargo to English ports and to Europe. At first they were all made of wood, but some later ones were made of steel. They were about 20 feet wide and 80 or 90 feet long with two masts.

In the 1860s barge races were started, and the barges' design improved as they were built with better lines in order to win. The Thames barge races are the world's second oldest sailing competition, second to the America's Cup.

Bowling average

In cricket, a player's bowling average is the number of runs for each wicket taken. The lower the bowling average is, the better the bowler is performing. It is one of a number of statistics used to compare bowlers. It is not used for bowlers who have not played a lot.

George Lohmann (2 June 1865 – 1 December 1901) holds the record for the lowest average in Test cricket, having claimed 112 wickets at an average of 10.75 runs per wicket. 

Words Get in the Way

"Words Get in the Way" is a 1986 song by Miami Sound Machine featuring Gloria Estefan and was taken from their 9th studio album "Primitive Love". It went to number 4 in New Zealand, number 5 in the United States, number 22 in Australia and Belgium and number 26 in the Netherlands. It did not chart in the United Kingdom.

Kangaroo Beach

Kangaroo Beach is a 2020 Australian CGI Children television series made ABC. Blu-ray release on March 6, 2024 in Australia. 

Préveranges

Préveranges is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.

In 1968 it had 1081 people, but in 2008 there were only 582.

Mehun-sur-Yèvre

Mehun-sur-Yèvre is a commune in the Cher department in central France.

In 2017 there were 6562 people living there. 

Indiana Wesleyan University

Indiana Wesleyan University (IWU) is a private evangelical Christian university in Marion, Indiana. It is connected to the Wesleyan Church. It is the largest private university in Indiana.

La Perche

La Perche is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region in France.

There were 254 people there in 2008.

Sancerre

Sancerre is a medieval hilltop town and commune in the Cher department, France overlooking the river Loire. It is noted for its wine.

It is a natural fortress 312 meters in height. The Counts of Champagne built fortifications there in the 12th century. During the French Wars of Religion the Huguenot people were besieged there for 8 months in 1572/3. About 500 people died, mostly of starvation. The siege of Sancerre was written about by a Protestant minister Jean de Léry, who survived the battle, in "The Memorable History of the Siege of Sancerre" (1574). A mansion was built on the ruins of the original Chateau de Sancerre in 1874. 

In 2008 there were 1697 people living there. 

Count of Champagne

The count of Champagne was the ruler of the County of Champagne from 950 to 1316. Champagne evolved from the County of Troyes in the late eleventh century and Hugh I was the first to officially use the title count of Champagne.

In Merovingian and Carolingian times, several dukes of Champagne (or "Campania") are known. The duchy appears to have been created by combining the "civitates" of Reims, Châlons-en-Champagne. Laon, and Troyes. In the late seventh and early eighth centuries, Champagne was controlled by the Pippinids; first by Drogo, son of Pippin of Herstal, and then by Drogo's son Arnulf.




SafeMoon

SafeMoon LLC is a cryptocurrency and blockchain company that was created in March 2021. They also have a cryptocurrency token called SafeMoon (SFM) that trades on the Binance Smart Chain blockchain. The token charges a 10% fee on transactions, with 5% redistributed to token holders and 5% directed to wallets in a different currency, Binance Coin (BNB), controlled by the token's creators. The token reached its highest market cap in April 2021, but has since dropped significantly in value.

Spacetalk

Spacetalk is an Australian technology company headquartered in Adelaide, South Australia. It was founded in 2001 as MGM Wireless and changed its name to Spacetalk Ltd in November 2020 to reflect its focus on developing wearable devices. The company's education division provides school-to-home communication services for absence management, news, and emergencies using SMS, apps, and cloud-based technology. Spacetalk launched its family location and child safety wearable devices under the Spacetalk brand in September 2017. The product is available in Australia, New Zealand, and the UK.

European Chemicals Agency

The European Chemicals Agency is part of the European Union which manages the European Union regulation called "Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals" (REACH). It started work in 2007. It is based in Helsinki.

On its website there is a public summary of all the information it holds on the chemicals registered in its database. It provides this information in the form of a "Substance Infocard" giving hazards, uses and production or import quantities. There is information on over 245,000 chemicals, although most do not have full details since they are used in amounts below one tonne per year.

Marciac

Marciac is a commune in the Gers department, Occitania, southwestern France. It is known for its annual international festival Jazz in Marciac, which runs for a fortnight every summer.

In 2012 there were 1243 people living there. 

Royal Netherlands Navy

The Royal Netherlands Navy is part of the armed forces of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.

During the 17th century, the navy of the Dutch Republic (1581–1795) was one of the most powerful naval forces in the world and played an active role in the Anglo-Dutch Wars, the Franco-Dutch War, and wars against Spain and several other European powers. The Batavian Navy of the later Batavian Republic (1795–1806) and the Kingdom of Holland (1806–1810) played an active role in the Napoleonic Wars.

In the modern Kingdom of the Netherlands, it served an important role in protecting Dutch colonial rule, especially in Southeast Asia. It played a minor role in World War II, especially against the Imperial Japanese Navy. Since World War II, the Royal Netherlands Navy has taken part in peacekeeping expeditions.

The main naval base is in Den Helder, North Holland.

Batavian Republic

The Batavian Republic came after the Dutch Republic was invaded by the French Republic. It was announced on 19 January 1795 and ended on 5 June 1806, when Louis Bonaparte took the Dutch throne. From October 1801 onward, it was called the "Batavian Commonwealth". It was named after the Batavi, an ancient Germanic tribe.

The constitution that was made in 1798 was genuinely democratic. 

It was a client state of France, but its governments tried to maintain some independence and to serve Dutch interests even where they clashed with the interests of the French.

Izadkhvast

Izadkhast (also known as Samīrum) is a city in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census 7,366 people lived there in 1,803 families.

There is Izad-Khast Castle, a caravanserai, and a Safavid-period bridge. The site was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on August 9, 2007 in the Cultural category.

Indonesian Navy

The Indonesian Navy is the naval branch of the Indonesian National Armed Forces. It was started on 10 September 1945 at the start of the Indonesian National Revolution. 

There are three major fleets known as "Armada", which are "Komando Armada I" (1st Fleet Command) in Jakarta, "Komando Armada II" (2nd Fleet Command) in Surabaya, "Komando Armada III" (3rd Fleet Command) in Sorong There is also the "Komando Lintas Laut Militer" (Military Sealift Command) and the Marine Corps.

At first there were only wooden ships, but then it got some ships of the Imperial Japanese Navy. It fought the Royal Netherlands Navy. 

In the 1960s as part of the increasing military ties between Indonesia and the Warsaw Pact, the Navy got naval combat equipment from Eastern European countries. It was used in the campaign for the liberation of West Irian from Dutch rule.

Polish Navy

The Polish Navy is the naval branch of the Polish Armed Forces. The Polish Navy has 46 ships and about 12,000 people. 

In the fifteenth century there was a small force of ships that primarily operated on rivers and lakes. In 1454, the city of Gdańsk was back in Poland after being previously occupied by the Teutonic Knights since 1308. Gdańsk is a seaport so Poland could have a large fleet on the Baltic. In 1561, following a victory over a Russian fleet in the Baltic, the Polish Navy got a second port at Riga, in modern-day Latvia. The Polish navy won the Battle of Oliwa in 1627 against the Swedish Empire, during the Polish–Swedish War. The Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth never really had a strong navy.

Józef Piłsudski, commander of the Armed Forces of Poland, founded the modern Polish Navy in 1918.

In World War II three ships sailed to the British naval base at Leith in Scotland in 1939 to escape from the German navy. The British lent them more ships. 

During the Communist period, Poland's navy got much stronger. A separate force of Polish Marines started. The Navy also got Soviet-made ships, including 2 destroyers, 2 missile destroyers, 13 submarines and 17 missile boats to control the Baltic Sea.

Poland joined NATO in 1999 and this changed the work of the navy. 

Lazza

Jacopo Lazzarini (born 22 August 1994), known professionally as Lazza, is an Italian rapper and record producer.

Lazzarini was born in the Calvairate district of Milan. He studied piano at the Giuseppe Verdi Conservatory in Milan. He later joined the Zero2 and Blocco Recordz collectives. In 2009, he took part in the annual Italian hip hop event Tecniche Perfette.

Tenjin

Tenjin is a kami in Shinto. In his mortal life he was Sugawara no Michizane and after his death he became a kami. People pray to him for help in school.

Sugawara no Michizane

Sugawara no Michizane was a Japanese scholar. After he died he was reborn as the kami Tenjin and today people pray to him for help in school

Izumo-taisha

Izumo-taisha, also known as Izumo Grand Shrine or Izumo Ōyashiro, is one of the oldest and most important Shinto shrines in Japan. Its exact establishment date is unknown. Located in Izumo, Shimane Prefecture, the shrine is dedicated to the gods , who is known as the Shinto deity of marriage, and Kotoamatsukami, a group of heavenly deities. The shrine is famous for two major festivals held there. Many people believe that it is the oldest Shinto shrine in Japan, even older than the Ise Grand Shrine.

Izumo-taisha's main hall, called taisha-zukuri, is a style of architecture that takes its name from the shrine. The main hall and the attached buildings were designated National Treasures of Japan in 1952. According to tradition, the hall was once much taller than it is now. The discovery of the remains of enormous pillars in 2000 supports this tradition.

To maintain the power of the "kami" and preserve architectural techniques, Izumo-taisha has been rebuilt every 60 to 70 years. This process of regular rebuilding is called "Sengū" (遷宮) and is also practiced at other important Shinto shrines, such as the Ise Grand Shrine, which is rebuilt every 20 years.



Republic of Korea Navy

The Republic of Korea Navy also known as the South Korean Navy, is the naval warfare service branch of the South Korean armed forces. 

It has about 70,000 people including 29,000 Republic of Korea Marines. There are about 140 ships. The naval aviation force consists of about 70 aircraft. The ROK Marine Corps has about 300 tracked vehicles including assault amphibious vehicles.

During the Japanese occupation of Korea, the Imperial Japanese Navy built a big naval base at Chinkai Guard District in southern Korea (at present-day Jinhae). The present navy was started in 1945. Korea had a long naval history, going back to the 4th century, before that. 

Swedish Navy

The Swedish Navy is the naval branch of the Swedish Armed Forces. 

It was started under King Gustav I in 1522. It is one of the oldest continuously serving navies in the world, celebrating its 500th anniversary in 2022.

For most of the twentieth century, the Swedish Navy focused on the threat of a full-scale invasion of Sweden via the Baltic Sea and on protecting commercial shipping. Sweden's place on the Scandinavian peninsula means that 90% of imports and exports enter or leave Sweden through the Baltic. 

Zhangixalus dugritei

The Sichuan whipping frog, Boaxing treefrog, or Dugrite's whipping tree frog ("Zhangixalus dugritei") is a frog. It lives in China and Vietnam. People have seen it 10,500 feet above sea level.

Royal Danish Navy

The Royal Danish Navy is the sea-based branch of the Danish Defence force. It is mainly responsible for maritime defence and maintaining Danish territorial waters including the Faroe Islands and Greenland.

The maritime traditions go back to the 9th century when the Vikings had small but well-organised fleets.

From 1509 to 1814, when Denmark was in a union with Norway, the Danish Navy was part of the Dano-Norwegian Navy. It was an important force then. It played an important part in the colonisation of Africa and the Caribbean. During the Napoleonic Wars the British were afraid that the Danish navy would be used against them. They attacked it in 1801 and captured it in 1807. It took a long time to rebuild the navy. 

In World War II 32 ships were deliberately sunk in 1943 to prevent the Germans from using them.

During the Cold War, the Danish navy was rebuilt and modernised. The main job was to repel a possible invasion from the Warsaw Pact. Now there are fewer but larger vessels able to operate for long periods at sea. 

Royal Thai Navy

The Royal Thai Navy is the naval warfare force of Thailand. It was started in 1906, and modernised by the Admiral Prince Abhakara Kiartiwongse (1880–1923) who is known as the father of the Royal Navy. There is a naval fleet, the Royal Thai Marine Corps, and Air and Coastal Defence Command. The headquarters is at Sattahip Naval Base. It runs three naval area commands: Northern Gulf of Thailand; Southern Gulf of Thailand; and the Andaman Sea. 

The ancient naval arm of the army was mostly river craft whose job was to control the Chao Phraya River and protect ships carrying the army to battle. The warships carried up to 30 musketeers, a large number of rowers and either 6 or 12-pounder cannons or no guns at all.

There are now 130 ships. 

Chao Phraya River

The Chao Phraya is the major river in Thailand, with its low alluvial plain forming the centre of the country. It flows through Bangkok and then into the Gulf of Thailand.

Lincoln Younes

Lincoln Younes (born January 31, 1992) is an Australian actor from City Homicide .

 

Royal Norwegian Navy

The Royal Norwegian Navy is the branch of the Norwegian Armed Forces responsible for naval operations of Norway. In 2008, the Royal Norwegian Navy had about 3,700 people and 70 ships and boats, including 4 heavy frigates, 6 submarines, 14 patrol boats, 4 minesweepers, 4 minehunters, 1 mine detection vessel, 4 support vessels and 2 training vessels. It also includes the Coast Guard.

There has been a navy since 955. From 1509 to 1814 the navy was for both Denmark and Norway. The seperate Norwegian navy was started again in 1814.

Norway was neutral during World War I, but the armed forces had to protect Norway's neutrality. The neutrality was sorely tested – the commercial fleet suffered heavy casualties to German U-boats and commerce raiders.

The Battle of Narvik, one of the first sea battles of World War II began on April 8, 1940. On June 7, 1940, thirteen ships, five aircraft and 500 men from the Royal Norwegian Navy followed the King of Norway to the United Kingdom and continued the fight from bases there until the war ended. They took part in the Normandy Invasion in 1944.

Nashinoki Shrine

Nashinoki Shrine (梨木神社) is a Shinto shrine in . Although it was never a Beppyo shrine, it used to have the rank of Bekkaku kanpeisha under the modern system of ranked Shinto shrines.

Nashinoki Shrine is a relatively new Shinto shrine in Kyoto. It was built in 1885.

The Nashinoki Shrine hosts an annual festival.

510s

The 510s was a decade that began on 1 January 510 and ended on 31 December 519.




Fukui Shrine

Fukui Shrine (福井神社) is an important Shinto shrine located in Fukui city. It is classified as a Beppyo shrine, which means it is particularly notable in a certain way with a significant history to it. The shrine's main building was destroyed in World War II, but it has since been rebuilt using concrete. This makes the shrine quite unusual, especially with its striking concrete Torii gate.

Matsudaira Yoshinaga is enshrined at the Fukui Shrine. 

Uesugi Shrine

Uesugi Shrine (上杉神社) is a Shinto shrine located in Yonezawa, Yamagata. It is a Beppyo shrine and is dedicated to the memory of Uesugi Kenshin, a famous military leader in Japanese history. The shrine was built in 1876 on the site of Yonezawa Castle, and it enshrines the spirit of Uesugi Kenshin.

Every year in February, a snow lantern festival is held at the shrine where lanterns are carved out of snow to honor the memory of Uesugi Kenshin. It is a popular event that attracts many visitors.

Myojin Taisha

A Myojin Taisha is a Shinto shrine dedicated to a powerful kami believed to possess remarkable abilities. These shrines are considered "great shrines" or "taisha" under the ancient system of shrine rankings. Myojin Taisha shrines are found throughout Japan, particularly in the Kyoto-Osaka region, including Yamashiro, Yamato, Ōmi, Mutsu, Tajima, and Kii provinces. There are 224 shrines that enshrine 310 kami listed as Myojin Taisha in the Engishiki Jinmyocho. Additionally, there are 203 shrines with 285 kami listed for Myojinsai or "festivals for famed deities" in book 3 of Engishiki. While most of the shrines in these two listings overlap, there are some differences in names and numbers. There are several theories about these differences, but it is unclear why the lists differ.

A related list is the Kokushi genzaisha which refers to shrines which appear in the Rikkokushi (六国史) but not in the Engishiki


North West Ambulance Service

The North West Ambulance Service NHS Trust is the ambulance service for North West England. It is one of ten ambulance trusts providing England with emergency medical services, and is part of the National Health Service. It is based in Bolton.

It started on 1 July 2006, by the merger of the four previous services (Cumbria Ambulance Service; Lancashire Ambulance Service; Cheshire and Mersey Ambulance Service; and Greater Manchester Ambulance Service). In 2019 they had 104 ambulance stations and about 6000 people. 

Edith Frank

Edith Frank (; 16 January 1900 – 6 January 1945) was the mother of Holocaust diarist Anne Frank, and her older sister Margot. After the family were discovered in hiding in Amsterdam during the Nazi occupation, she was transported to Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp.

Edith was the youngest of four children, having been born into a German Jewish family in Aachen, Germany. Her father, Abraham Holländer (1860–1928) was a successful businessman in industrial equipment who was active in the Aachen Jewish community together with Edith's mother, Rosa Holländer (1866–1942). Edith had two older brothers, Julius (1894–1967) and Walter (1897–1968), and an older sister, Bettina. Bettina died at the age of 16 from appendicitis when Edith was 14. Both Julius and Walter immigrated to the United States, surviving afterwards.

She met Otto Frank in 1924 and they married on his 36th birthday, 12 May 1925, at Aachen's synagogue. They had two daughters born in Frankfurt: Margot (born 16 February 1926) and Anne (born 12 June 1929). At the time Anne was born, the family lived in a house at Marbachweg 307 in Frankfurt-Dornbusch, where they rented two floors. Her daughters played almost every day in the garden with the children in the neighborhood. They all had different backgrounds; Catholic, Protestant or Jewish. They shared a curiosity about each other's religious holidays. Margot was invited to the communion celebration of one of her friends, and the neighbors' children were sometimes invited to the Frank's celebration of Hanukkah. Later the family moved to Ganghoferstrasse 24 in a fashionable liberal area of Dornbusch called the Dichterviertel (Poets' Quarter). Both houses still exist.

The appointment of Adolf Hitler on 30 January 1933, to the position of chancellor in Germany and the following rise of antisemitism and start of discriminatory laws in Germany forced the family to emigrate to Amsterdam in 1933. In the Dutch capital Otto established a branch of his spice and pectin distribution company, called Opekta. Edith found emigration to the Netherlands difficult. The family lived in confined conditions and she had trouble with the new language. She remained in contact with her family and friends in Germany, but also made new friends in Amsterdam, most of them fellow German refugees. Edith became involved in Amsterdam's Liberal Jewish community, and attended synagogue with her oldest daughter regularly. On Friday evenings, the Franks often went to visit German-Jewish friends to eat together, and many Jewish holidays were also celebrated. Edith was an open-minded woman who educated her daughters in a modern way. Her older brothers Walter and Julius immigrated to the United States after 1938, and Rosa Holländer-Stern left Aachen in 1939 to join the Frank family in Amsterdam, where she died in January 1942.

Anne Frank's cousin Bernhard ("Buddy") Elias has said that "Edith never felt well in Holland. Edith was "German", and she missed Germany. She did not learn Dutch very well. She did not feel at home in Amsterdam."

In 1940, the Nazis invaded the Netherlands and began their persecution of the country's Jews. Edith's children were removed from their schools, and her husband Otto Frank was forced by the Germans to give up his companies Opekta and Pectacon. Otto made his businesses look "Aryan" by giving over control to his Dutch colleagues Johannes Kleiman and Victor Kugler, who helped the family when they went into hiding at the company premises on 6 July 1942.

The two-year period the Frank family spent in hiding with four other people (their friends Hermann van Pels, his wife Auguste van Pels and his son Peter van Pels, and Miep Gies's dentist Fritz Pfeffer) was recorded in Anne Frank's posthumously published diary. The diary ended three days before they were anonymously betrayed and arrested on 4 August 1944. After detainment in the Gestapo headquarters on the Euterpestraat and three days in prison on the Amstelveenseweg, Edith and those with whom she had been in hiding were transported to the Westerbork transit camp. From there, they were deported to Auschwitz concentration camp on 3 September 1944, on the last train to be sent from Westerbork to Auschwitz.

Edith and her daughters were separated from Otto when they arrived, and they never saw him again. Edith looked for ways of keeping her children alive. Survivors later described them as an inseparable trio. On 30 October, another selection separated Edith from Anne and Margot. Edith was selected for the gas chambers, and her daughters were transported to Bergen-Belsen. Edith escaped with a friend to another section of the camp, where she remained through the winter. Edith became very ill and was taken to the sick barracks, where she died of weakness and disease on 6 January 1945, three weeks before the Red Army liberated the camp and 10 days before her 45th birthday. Her daughters outlived her by one month.

Otto Frank was the only member of his family who survived the Holocaust and returned to Amsterdam in June 1945. One of the helpers, Miep Gies, gave him Anne's diary papers. She had saved parts of them, just like the other female secretary, Bep Voskuijl.


Kaijin Shrine

Kaijin Shrine (海神神社) is a significant Shinto shrine located in Tsushima Island, Nagasaki that holds a Beppyo status. This status denotes that the shrine is remarkable and holds a significant historical importance. Kaijin Shrine is also ranked as an Ichinomiya, which means it is the highest-ranked shrine in its province.

Kaijin Shrine should not be confused with Watatsumi Shrine, which has a very similar Japanese name (海神社) to Kaijin Shrine (海神神社).

In 2012 a robber stole a Buddha statue from the shrine, but in 2015 it was returned.


Arthur Henderson

Arthur Henderson (13 September 1863 – 20 October 1935) was a British iron moulder and Labour politician. He was the first Labour cabinet minister, won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1934 and, uniquely, served three separate terms as Leader of the Labour Party in three different decades. He was popular among his colleagues, who called him "Uncle Arthur".

He was born in Glasgow, His father was a textile worker who died when Arthur was ten years old. The Hendersons then moved to Newcastle upon Tyne. When he was 12 he worked as an apprentice at Robert Stephenson and Sons' General Foundry Works until he was 17. Then he moved to Southampton for a year and then returned to work as an iron moulder.

In 1892 he was elected as a paid organiser for the Friendly Society of Iron Founders. He was involved in setting up the Labour Representation Committee in 1900. In 1903, he was elected Treasurer of the Committee and was also elected as Member of Parliament for Barnard Castle at a by-election. From 1903 to 1904, Henderson he was also mayor of Darlington.

In 1908 he was elected Leader of the Labour Party. He resigned in 1910. In 1914 he was elected leader again when Ramsay MacDonald resigned. In 1915, Prime Minister H. H. Asquith's created a coalition government, Henderson became the first member of the Labour Party to become a member of the Cabinet, as President of the Board of Education. In 1916, David Lloyd George forced Asquith to resign and replaced him as Prime Minister. Henderson became a member of the small War Cabinet with the post of Minister without Portfolio. He resigned on 11 August 1917 after his proposal for an international conference on the war was rejected by the rest of the Cabinet.

In 1918 he concentrated on building up the membership and organisation of the Labour Party. Henderson lost his seat parliament in the "Coupon Election" of 14 December 1918 which was a landslide victory for a coalition formed by Lloyd George. Henderson returned to Parliament in 1919 after winning a by-election in Widnes. He then became Labour's Chief Whip. 

Henderson lost his seat again, at the general election of 1922. He returned to Parliament via another by-election, this time representing Newcastle East, but again, he was unseated at the general election of 1923. He returned to Parliament just two months later after winning another by-election in Burnley. In 1924, Henderson was made Home Secretary in the first-ever Labour government, led by MacDonald. In 1929 MacDonald appointed Henderson as Foreign Secretary. 

MacDonald formed an emergency National Government in 1931 with members from all parties. MacDonald was expelled from the Labour Party. Henderson accepted the leadership of the main Labour Party and led it into the general election on 27 October against the cross-party National coalition. It was a disastrous result for Labour, which was reduced to a small minority of 52. MacDonald won the largest landslide in British electoral history. Henderson lost his seat, at Burnley. The following year, he resigned the party leadership.

Henderson returned to Parliament after winning a by-election at Clay Cross in 1933. He was elected a total of five times at by-elections in constituencies where he had not previously been the MP. He holds the record for the greatest number of comebacks from losing a previous seat. 

Henderson spent the rest of his life trying to halt the gathering storm of World War II. He worked with the World League of Peace and chaired the Geneva Disarmament Conference, and in 1934 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.

Adam Warlock

Adam Warlock, originally known as Him, is a fictional character that appears sometimes as an anti-hero and as a protagonist in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in "Fantastic Four" #66 in September of 1967 in cocoon form, and #67 in October of 1967 in humanoid form, and was created by the late Stan Lee and the late Jack Kirby. Debuting in the Silver Age of comic books, the character has appeared in over four decades of Marvel publications, and starred in the popular titles "Marvel Premiere" and "Strange Tales" as well as five self-titled volumes and several related limited series.

A humanoid created by the Enclave under the name <nowiki>"</nowiki>Him<nowiki>"</nowiki>, the being that would be known as Adam Warlock was given guidance under the High Evolutionary before being a champion of Counter-Earth. Warlock would soon play pivotal in protecting the universe from numerous threats, such as his enemy Man-Beast and his nemesis and sometimes ally Thanos. Powerful yet mysterious, Warlock is destined to act as the avatar of life yet faces against his evil future self, Magus and his destructive counterpart, Goddess. He has founded the Guardians of the Galaxy and Infinity Watch, and has been a member of the Cosmic Avengers.

The character has been adapted to various forms of media, including animated television series, and video games. The character has appeared in the "Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy" in both incarnations as Warlock and Magus"." Adam Warlock, portrayed by Will Poulter, made his live-action debut in "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" (2023), which is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Templeuve-en-Pévèle

Templeuve-en-Pévèle (, before 2015: "Templeuve") is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,332 people lived there.


Robert Cecil, 1st Viscount Cecil of Chelwood

Edgar Algernon Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 1st Viscount Cecil of Chelwood, CH, PC, QC (14 September 1864 – 24 November 1958), known as Lord Robert Cecil from 1868 to 1923, was a British lawyer, politician and diplomat. He helped to start the League of Nations and to defend it. This got him awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1937.

His father was Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury. He was born in Cavendish Square, London. He was educated at home until he was thirteen and then spent four years at Eton College. Then he studied law at University College, Oxford. He married Lady Eleanor Lambton, daughter of George Lambton, 2nd Earl of Durham in 1889. In 1899, he was made a Queen's Counsel.

At the 1906 general election, Cecil was elected as a Conservative Member of Parliament representing Marylebone East. He was not elected in 1910, but In 1911, he won a by-election in Hitchin, Hertfordshire as an Independent Conservative and served as its MP until 1923. In the 1915 coalition government, he was Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. He was promoted to Assistant Secretary in 1918–19. 

In September 1916, he wrote and circulated a "Memorandum on Proposals for Diminishing the Occasion of Future Wars" in the Cabinet. He said peaceful procedures for settling disputes should be compulsory before there was any outbreak of fighting. Sanctions, including blockade, would be necessary to force countries to submit to peaceful procedures. In November 1917, Cecil asked Arthur Balfour to set up a committee to consider the proposals for a League of Nations. In November 1918 he was appointed the head of the League of Nations section of the Foreign Office. 

After the Treaty of Versailles was first presented to Germany, he argued strongly that it should be made less harsh on Germany and that Germany should be allowed to join the League. 

With his brother Hugh Cecil, he resigned the Conservative whip in February 1921. In May 1923, he returned to the cabinet as Lord Privy Seal.

He planned the activities of the League of Nations Union. He was its president from 1923 to 1945. He was joint founder and president, with Pierre Cot, a French jurist, of the International Peace Campaign. 

In 1929, he was made president of the newly formed Pedestrians Association which campaigned for measures to benefit pedestrians

Gion worship

Gion worship, or Gion shinkō in Japanese, is a form of Shintoism that used to center around the deity Gozu Tenno. However, during the Meiji era when there was a separation of Shintoism and Buddhism, the Japanese government required that the focus of Gion worship shift to the deity Susanoo.

The primary shrines of the Gion faith are Yasaka Shrine located in Kyoto and Hiromine Shrine in Hyogo Prefecture..
Gozu Tenno was a deity originally rooted in Buddhist-style Onmyōdō and is believed to have served as the guardian deity of Jetavana, the monastery where Buddha is believed to have studied. In China, Gozu Tenno was influenced by Taoism, and in Japan, he merged with Susanoo, the Shinto Kami. Both Gozu Tenno and Susanoo were considered plague gods, which led to their association. In Japan, Gozu Tenno was also believed to be the Buddha Bhaisajyaguru. The description of Gozu Tenno in Shinnaiden is particularly prominent.

The Gion faith originated in the Heian period with the purpose of preventing epidemics by pacifying the god of pestilence. In the late 10th century, people in Kyoto started holding an annual festival at Yasaka Shrine (then known as Gion Shrine), which eventually became the famous Gion festival. By the Middle Ages, the Gion faith had spread throughout Japan, and Gion shrines or Gyozo tenno shrines were established to enshrine Gyozo tenno. The Goryokai or Tenno Festival was held as a ritual procession during this time.

During the Meiji era, the government implemented a policy of separating Shinto and Buddhism, known as Shinbutsu Bunri. As a result, many Shinto shrines that had previously been associated with Buddhist practices and deities were forced to disassociate themselves from Buddhism. In the case of the Gion Shrine and the Gozu Tenno Shrine, they had to change their names and say Gozu tenno was Susanoo. This was a part of a larger effort to promote Shinto as the national religion of Japan and distance it from foreign influences, particularly Buddhism..

While the worship of Susanoo is often associated with the Gion faith and its origin in the Gozu Tenno deity, there are also many other shrines that worship Susanoo in their own independent traditions. Some of these shrines, such as Susa Shrine and Yaegaki Shrine, have been worshipping Susanoo for centuries before the practice of worshipping Gozu Tenno was prohibited. These shrines have their own unique practices and beliefs, separate from the Gion faith.

There are many Gion shrines. Yasaka Shrine being the most prominent



Téteghem-Coudekerque-Village

Téteghem-Coudekerque-Village (; ; ) is a commune in the Nord in north France. In 2019, 8,285 people lived there. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Téteghem (the seat) and Coudekerque-Village.


Dewa Shrine

Of the three shrines it is the only shrine which is accessable year round . 

Mount Haguro is the smallest of the three mountains of Dewa, but it contains all the deities of the other two mountains, making it the most important of all the three shrines. Dewa Shrine, also known as Hagurosan Shrine, is a Shinto shrine located on Mount Haguro. 

Hagurosan Shrine is unique among the three shrines in that it remains accessible year-round unlike Gassan Shrine and Yudonosan Shrine, which are closed during winter due to heavy snowfall. As a result, it is the most renowned mountain of the three . One of Japan's national treasures, the Haguro Five-story Pagoda, is situated on Mount Haguro.

List of Vietnamese provinces by Human Development Index

This is a list of Vietnamese provinces by Human Development Index as of 2022. It is also included with their historical HDI from the year 1999 to 2022.

Oyama Shrine

Oyama Shrine (雄山神社) is a Shinto shrine located in Japan that worships Mount Tate. The shrine is located at a high altitude of 3,003 meters and has three sub-shrines.

Oyama Shrine has a rich history and was historically a major site of , a Japanese religion that combines elements of Buddhism, Shintoism, and other indigenous beliefs.

The shrine claims to be the Ichinomiya (highest ranked Shinto shrine) of Etchū Province, but there are other shrines that also claim this title.

Oyama Shrine is unique in that it does not have a honden, which is a main hall for enshrining the kami (deities), instead, Mount Tate itself is considered its main object of worship, known as the kannabi.



Yudonosan Shrine

Yudonosan Shrine (湯殿山神社) is an important Beppyo shrine and one of the Three Mountains of Dewa. The shrine is unique in that it has no main building, but instead uses the mountain itself as a Kannabi, or a rock as an Iwakura. It is located in a valley between Mount Yudono and Shinakurasan Mountain. 

Yudonosan is the final destination in the Shugendo pilgrimage between all the mountains and is also associated with meeting potential spouses. The mountain itself, Mount Yudono, is highly regarded as a training ground for ascetic discipline, and many yamabushi and ascetics believe that their pilgrimage is not complete until they reach the summit of Mount Yudono. The mountain is known for its goshintai, a sacred object believed to be connected to a god.., and they use a prominent rock as a shintai.. The shrine on Mount Yudono is regarded as holy ground and is kept secret, with photography and video recordings being strictly prohibited even today. It is impossible to enter the shrine in winter due to heavy snow.

Chōkaisan Ōmonoimi Shrine

Chokaisan Omonoimi Shrine (鳥海山大物忌神社) is a Shinto shrine located on Mount Chōkai.

In the middle ages it became a sacred spot for shugendo, a religion of mountain worship.

People worship a lake called Maruikesama at the shrine. It is a Kannabi and worshippers believe a god lives in it.

It is the Dewa Province Ichinomiya, or the first ranked shrine in the Dewa Province. It is related to the Three Mountains of Dewa 

It has a festival every year on July 14 called Hi-awase shinji. where people light fires for good harvest and good fishing.

It has three subshrines. Fukura-kuchinomiya and Warabioka-kuchinomiya at the foot of the mountain and Sancho-Gohonsha at the peak

It had a legal battle after World War II because people were confused about who owned the summit

Fukura-kuchinomiya is a subshrine located at the foot of the mountain

The Honden is located on a hill and faces south

Tsukuyomi-no-Mikoto is enshrined here
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

This Shrine is on the peak of Mount Chokai. It was built in 564 in the reign of Emperor Kinmei. It looks like an ordinary cabin on the outside The shrine is rebuilt once every 20 years, it was rebuilt in 1997.
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
<br><br><br>

Warabioka-kuchinomiya is a subshrine located at the foot of the mountain. The shrine worships agricultural deities Toyoke-Ookami and Ukanomitama no Mikoto.

The shrine has four Hokora or small shrines on its grounds.

There is a festival on May 3rd called Daimonbei Matsuri.

There are three torii gates and the movie was filmed there


Yield sign

In road transport, a yield or give way sign indicates that merging drivers must prepare to stop if necessary to let a driver on another approach proceed. A driver who stops or slows down to let another vehicle through has yielded the right of way to that vehicle. In contrast, a stop sign requires each driver to stop completely before proceeding, whether or not other traffic is present. Under the Vienna Convention on Road Signs and Signals, the international standard for the modern sign is an inverted equilateral triangle with a red border and either a white or yellow background. Particular regulations regarding appearance, installation, and compliance with the signs vary by some jurisdiction.

Kannabi

In Shinto, there is a concept known as Kannabi (神奈備), also referred to as kaminabi or kamunabi, which denotes a region that houses a kami or is itself a shintai (a repository in which a kami resides). These regions are typically forests or mountains, and examples include Mount Miwa and Nachi Falls.

Kannabi can have sacred trees called shinboku or rocks called Iwakura. Kannabi may also have shimenawa, torii gates, and sandō which show the way to them.
Shrines that worship kannabi do not always have a honden or haiden like other shrines. Instead, they enshrine the natural kannabi as deities. One example is Ōmiwa Shrine. Kanasana Jinja is another shrine where the mountain itself is the shintai.


Ōarai Isosaki Shrine

The Ōarai Isosaki Shrine (大洗磯前神社, Ōarai Isosaki jinja) is a Shinto shrine located in Ōarai City, Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan. It has three torii gates leading into the ocean.

The shrine is believed to have been established in 856 A.D. and was destroyed during the 16th-century war. It was later rebuilt in the 17th century. The shrine has three torii gates, each offering a unique view and environment.

The Kamiiso-no-Torii is the most impressive gate, providing a prime location to watch the sunrise as it faces east. As the sun appears on the horizon, its rays shine through the gate, giving it a beautiful red hue. At night, the gate is equally stunning when illuminated by moonlight.

Ōarai Isosaki Shrine is located on the Kantō Plain, northeast of Ibaraki Prefecture, situated next to the Pacific Ocean.

Address: 〒311-1301, 6890 Isohama-chō, Ōarai-machi, Higashiibaraki-gun, Ibaraki-ken, Japan.

Plans and satellite views of the sanctuary. 

Plans and satellite views of the Kamiiso torii gate (神磯). 

The Ōarai Isosaki shrine has a long history and was established in the year 856.

During the war from 1558 to 1570, the shrine was destroyed. However, it was rebuilt in 1690 by patrons, including .

The Ibaraki Prefecture has designated the shrine as a cultural property.

Ōarai Isosaki Shrine is dedicated to the deity Ōnamuchi-no-Mikoto (大己貴命), known as a kami of family safety and prosperous business.

The Oarai Isosaki-jinja shrine has three torii gates in separate locations.

The main torii gate is a huge reinforced concrete structure that is 15.60 m high and 22.42 m wide, located on a path.

Behind it, a second Torii rises, and as you pass this second torii, you see the shrine buildings.

The third torii, Kamiiso Torii (神磯鳥居), is located on the coast and faces east towards the Pacific Ocean, it faces east to the ocean and the rising sun, representing the spot where the gods landed. The shrine is about two and a half kilometers away from Oarai Station and can be accessed by taxi or bus. .

Oarai Isosaki-jinja is dedicated to two deities, Onamuchi-no-Mikoto and Sukunahikona-no-Mikoto, who are believed to have created Japan. The shrine also has an impressive worship hall, guarded by statues of frogs instead of the typical lion-dogs. The frog is considered a symbol of good luck in Japan as it sounds like "safe return" or "return of something lost" in Japanese.

The ocean is a Kannabi for the deities

The Hassaku Matsuri, a traditional festival of the shrine, is held annually on August 25th.

Furogu Shrine

The Furogu Shrine (風浪宮), is a Shinto shrine located in Okawa, Fukuoka Prefecture. 

The Azumi people created the shrine.
The Shrine, locally known as "Ofurosan," has origins that date back over 1,800 years and is linked to Empress Jingū.

The Furogu Shrine festival, also known as Reitaisai, is a popular event in Okawa, Fukuoka Prefecture. It's one of the three major festivals in the Chikugo region, attracting over 150,000 visitors in February..

The shrine is home to a massive Shinboku Camphor tree that is said to be 1800 years old.

The shrine houses a wooden statue of the seated Buddhist Goddess of Mercy.

The current shrine was built in the 1560


Chōkai gassan ryōsho-gu

Chokai Gassan Ryoshogu (鳥海月山両所宮) is a Shinto shrine situated in Yamagata City, Yamagata Prefecture. It used to be a prefectural shrine. Now it is a Beppyo shrine. It is also called Kichigotomiya and Takemon Kichitomiya.

It has a festival every July 1 of the lunar calendar, rice, cucumbers, eggplants, millet, and ears of rice are wrapped in paper and buried in the ground 

The name of the shrine in kanji is Chōkai Gassan Ryōshō-gū (鳥海月山両所宮). This is what the parts of its name mean. Chōkai (鳥海) is the name of the nearby Mount Chōkai, while Gassan (月山) is the name of the nearby Mount Gassan. Ryōshō (両所) means "two places", and gū (宮) means "shrine". This means that the name can be translated to "The Shrine of Two Places, Mount Chōkai and Mount Gassan". The name reflects the shrine's importance in the local Shinto tradition, as it is dedicated to the kami (gods) believed to protect both Mount Chōkai and Mount Gassan.

It enshrines the deities Kuninotokotachi no Mikoto of Ōmonoimi-jinja (Mount Chōkai) and Tsukuyomi of Gassan Shrine (Mount Gassan). 



Iwakura

People in Japan have been practicing nature worship for a very long time. This means they believe that gods and spirits live in nature. In Shinto ceremonies, they believe the gods come from a special rock called shintai. They use a special object called yorishiro, which represents the gods' power and is placed at the center of the ceremony.

As time went by and temples became more permanent, the focus of worship shifted from the body of the gods to the shrines themselves. Sacred trees and stones, decorated with shimenawa ropes, can still be found in many temple grounds.

Alongside the belief in rocks, Japan also has various other forms of nature worship. For instance, Chinju no Mori is a belief where certain areas are considered forbidden and off-limits. Munakata Taisha's Okinoshima is another example of a sacred island where the spirits of ancestors are believed to reside. Additionally, there are mountain worships, such as Rokko Himei Shrine and Mount Miwa, as well as beliefs in natural elements like fire, waterfalls, wind, rain, and lightning.

Another rock-related object in Shinto is called Iwasaka, which is believed to be a ritual site that centers on a rock. However, compared to Iwaza, there is little evidence of its existence. The Nihonshoki (Chronicles of Japan) distinguishes Iwasaka from Iwaza, suggesting that it is a distinct object. Additionally, a banjiki is similar to a stone circle and serves as a boundary that marks the divine realm and preserves the sacredness of the site.

Along the Kaido, some megaliths have carvings related to Buddhism, while others have legends associated with them, such as the tale of a famous samurai who bridged horses. The Iwakura Gakkai research group believes that the worship of rock formations and megaliths can be traced back to the Jomon period. They argue that some rock formations were artificially arranged to represent certain figures, directions, or even the shape of a constellation. However, the Iwakura Society disputes this view, stating that the Iwakura ritual did not begin until the Kofun period. Additionally, there is criticism of the idea that megaliths are human-made artifacts.
An iwasaka is a type of stone altar or mound used in ancient Shinto practices as a yorishiro, or an object used as a dwelling place for a kami, or a god or spirit. The purpose of an iwasaka is to call upon the kami for worship. The words iwasaka and iwakura are often used interchangeably since their meanings are very similar.



Shinboku

A , which means "god tree" in English, is a tree or forest that is worshipped as a physical object of worship at or near a Shinto shrine. It is believed to be a repository in which spirits or reside. Shinboku are often wrapped in , which makes them distinctly visible.

The term "goshingi" refers to trees that are considered sacred or divine within the grounds of Shinto shrines and jingū of Shinto. This term also includes the surrounding forests, as well as trees that are not intended for logging. Goshingi also refers to trees that are owned by shrines or individuals and have a special significance in folklore. Additionally, it may refer to trees that have been deliberately cut down and used as timber for building shrines or left to grow naturally.

Nature worship, also called Himikura Shinto, is a component of the traditional Shinto religion that emerged in Japan. This form of worship is founded on appreciation, awe, and reverence for kami (spirits or deities), life, and the natural world. In ancient Shinto rituals, symbolic items such as trees were utilized as vessels for Shinto deities in areas where the environment underwent changes.

For many years, Shinto shrines and rituals have been shaped by foreign religions and evolved independently, resulting in a variety of Shinto forms. Japan now has tens of thousands of Shinto shrines, with many built on the grounds of ancient Shinto shrines. These shrines may include sacred trees, iwakura, rock formations, steles, or mounds, representing Japan's history of nature worship.

Some shrines in Shinto worship a sacred tree instead of having a physical structure. In Shinto rituals, evergreen trees with pointed branches, known as tamagushi, are used as a substitute for the gods to descend from. The most popular type of tamagushi is the sakaki tree, but other species such as hisakaki and ogatama no ki are used in regions where sakaki does not grow naturally (areas north of the Kanto region).

In general, a "tadakushi" refers to a branch that has been cut down to be offered to the gods, while a "sacred tree" is a tree that is still rooted in the earth and worshipped by many people.
Kami-yorigi, also called kanjinboku, are objects that serve as a dwelling place for the gods and are given special treatment by being decorated with shimenawa. The Nageia nagi tree is one example of a yorishiro that is also adorned with shimenawa. Common types of yorishiro include the Nageia nagi tree, mochinoki tree, and cedar tree.

Some trees are also treated as sacred trees for their own sake, such as the cedar trees at Ise Grand Shrine. These trees are considered special and separate from the gods, and are preserved to maintain the shrine's natural scenery and solemn atmosphere. In addition, those who work in the mountains may temporarily enshrine a tree that stands out as a substitute for the god of the mountain.

The gohei is a special item used in Shinto ceremonies. It's made from sakaki and nagi, and is sometimes referred to as a sacred tree. However, it was originally created as a replacement for a real sacred tree in ancient Shinto practices.

In old Shinto times, people believed that Shinto shrines were where the gods lived or where the present world and the everlasting world met. They were respected and feared. To make it difficult for bad things, gods, and people to enter and leave easily, shimenawa were hung as barriers, making it a forbidden area. Even now, there are many places such as Okinoshima Island where not only the shrine, sacred tree, or forest of the local guardian are prohibited, but the entire island is. Sometimes, for a specific time period, rituals and festivals are held to invite the gods and bring good fortune.


Whale mounds

Whale mounds, also known as Kujira Tsuga in Japanese, are mounds that are dedicated to whales that have been washed up on the shore. This is a unique custom to Japan.

Mounds are created to remember Cetacean stranding, a type of whale that was hunted for food and resources, and to show appreciation for the area being saved and enriched. Whales were considered gods and some were called Ebisu, so they were enshrined to prevent them from becoming angry gods after they died on the shore or were hunted. The mound is also built to prevent the god from becoming angry. These mounds can be found at Toda Shrine in Shinagawa, Tokyo and Whale Shrine in Miyake-jima, Tokyo.

After organized whaling was established during the Edo period, mounds were also built in areas where whaling was a livelihood to serve as memorials and expressions of gratitude. Examples include the Ryujima area near Ukishima Shrine in Chiba Prefecture and Taiji.

People believed that whales had spiritual power as their arrival in an area often coincided with the arrival of fish. Therefore, they were used as fishing guides and regarded as auspicious. This led to the enshrinement of whales, often in the form of Ebisu, as a fishing deity to bring good fortune to fishermen and as a sea god to pray for safety at sea.

Similarly, there are whale graves and monuments in areas where whaling has been a source of livelihood since ancient times, as well as for passive and accidental whaling. When combined with whale mounds, there are about 100 of them in Japan.

A whalebone torii is a type of torii where the gate of the shrine is constructed using whale bones, primarily the ribs of the whale.

The oldest one in Japan is the torii of the Ebisu Shrine in Taiji Town, Wakayama Prefecture. This is mentioned in Ihara Saikaku's "Nihon Eitaigura" published in 1688 (Jōkyō5): "In the village of Taiji, Ominato, Kiiro, the wife and children sing. This place is prosperous and Wakamatsu village is standing. According to records, the current torii is the third generation, and it is unknown what it was made of before that. According to records, the current torii is the third generation, and it is not known what it was made of before that. These are all the whale torii gates that exist in Japan today, but there is also a Cape Eluanbi Shrine in Eluanbi, the southernmost point of Taiwan under Japanese rule at the time. There were also whale torii gates at three other shrines: Fudato Ebisu Shrine in Sakhalin, and Shikotan Shrine on Shikotan Island in the Northern Territories. Each of these five locations is either directly or indirectly related to whaling (such as whaling bases).

Socialist Soviet Republic of Abkhazia

The Socialist Soviet Republic of Abkhazia was an soviet republic which lasted from 1921 to 1931. It was formed during the aftermath of the Red Army invasion of Georgia, on the 16th of December 1921, it lost its independence and became a part of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic. It became some-what of an Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic but still had freedoms that other ASSR's did not.

Albert Lutuli

Albert John Luthuli (1898 – 21 July 1967) was a South African anti-apartheid activist, traditional leader, and politician who was the President-General of the African National Congress from 1952 until his death in 1967.

He was born to a Zulu family at a Seventh-day Adventist mission in Bulawayo. He went to his family's ancestral home of Groutville, in the Colony of Natal in 1908 to go to school under the care of his uncle. After graduating from high school with a teaching degree, He went a small school in Natal where he was the only teacher. Then he went to Adams College. He got a Higher Teacher's Diploma and became a teacher there - one of their first African teachers. He was the secretary of the Natal Native Teachers' Association, and then its president.

In 1935 when he was elected chief of the Umvoti River Reserve in Groutville. He joined the African National Congress in 1944. In 1952 he led the Defiance Campaign to protest against the pass laws. He was deposed by the South African government as chief. He was elected President-General of the ANC. He was against the use of violence. In 1961 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.

Krasnodar Krai

Krasnodar Krai is a federal subject of Russia (a krai) in the North Caucasus region. It is a part of the Southern Federal District. Its center is the city of Krasnodar. There were 5,838,273 people living there at the 2021 Census.

Novorossiysk is Russia's main port on the Black Sea. It is one of the bases of the Russian Navy's Black Sea Fleet.

Bataan Death March

The Bataan Death March was a forcible transfer by the Imperial Japanese Army of between 75,000 American and Filipino prisoners of war (POW) from the municipalities of Baguc and Mariveles on the Bataan Peninsula to Camp O'Donnel via San Fernando.

The transfer began on 9 April 1942 after the three month Battle of Bataan in the Philippines during World War II. The total distance of Mariveles to San Fernando and from the Capas Train Station to various camps was long. Sources also report widely differing prisoner of war casualties prior to reaching Camp O'Donnell: from 5,000 to 18,000 Filipino deaths and 500 to 650 American deaths during the
march.

The march was characterized by
severe physical abuse and wanton killings. If an American POW was caught on the ground or fell, he would be instantly shot. After the war, the Japanese commander, General Masaharu Homma and two of his officers, Major General Yoshitaka Kawane and Colonel Kurataro Hirano, were tried by the United States military commissions for war crimes and sentenced to death on charges of failing to prevent their subordinates from committing atrocities. Homma was executed in 1946, while Kawane and Hirano were executed in 1949.

John Boyd Orr

John Boyd Orr, 1st Baron Boyd-Orr, CH, DSO, MC, FRS, FRSE (23 September 1880 – 25 June 1971) was a Scottish teacher, medical doctor, biologist, nutritional physiologist, politician, businessman and farmer who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his scientific research into nutrition and his work as the first Director-General of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization.

He started and was the first President (1960–1971) of the World Academy of Art and Science. In 1945, he was elected President of the National Peace Council and was President of the World Union of Peace Organisations and the World Movement for World Federal Government.

He was born near Kilmarnock, and in 1885 the family moved to West Kilbride. He became a pupil teacher and then studied at the University of Glasgow. His first job as a teacher was in the slums of Glasgow. He was shocked by the condition of the children and left after a few days. He then taught for three years at Kyleshill School in Saltcoats. Then he went back to the university to study biology and medicine. He graduated in 1914.

He got a job as a ship's surgeon and then as a general practitioner, but quickly moved into biological research, working with Edward Provan Cathcart and then moved to a new research institute in Aberdeen to study animal nutrition. This was delayed by the First World War, during which he worked as a doctor caring for the soldiers and spent three months in the naval hospital at Chatham.

He went back to Aberdeen in early 1919 to set up the Rowett Research Institute, named after John Quiller Rowett, who donated a lot of money to it. He set up an experimental farm of around 1,000 acres. He raised a lot of money but later he said, "I still look with bitter resentment at having to spend half my time in the humiliating job of hunting for money for the Institute." He moved from animal nutrition research to human nutrition. In 1927 he proved the value of milk being supplied to school children, which led to free school milk in the UK. His 1936 report ""Food, Health and Income"" showed that at least one third of the UK population were so poor that they could not afford to buy enough food to provide a healthy diet. It showed that there was a link between low-income, malnutrition and children doing badly in schools. 

In October 1945, Orr was elected Rector of the University of Glasgow after standing as an Independent Progressive candidate. He was elected as an independent Member of Parliament for the Combined Scottish Universities in a by-election in April 1945, and kept his seat at the general election shortly after. He resigned in 1946.

After the Second World War, Boyd Orr resigned from the Rowett Institute, and took several posts, most notably as Director-General of the United Nations' new Food and Agriculture Organization.

When he got the Nobel Peace Prize in 1949, he donated the entire financial award to organizations devoted to world peace and a united world government. He was elevated to the peerage in 1949 as Baron Boyd-Orr, of Brechin Mearns in the County of Angus.

In 1960 Boyd Orr was elected the first president of the World Academy of Art and Science, which was set up by eminent scientists of the day concerned about the potential misuse of scientific discoveries, most especially nuclear weapons.

Military justice

Military justice (also military law) is the legal system that governs the armed forces of a country. In some counties civil law and military law are different and they have different courts to enforce the law. 

Military justice is not the same as martial law, which is the imposition of direct military authority upon a civilian population.


Counties of Estonia

Counties were the state administrative subdivisions of Estonia. There were 15 counties, 13 on the mainland and 2 on islands. County governments were abolished at the end of 2017, with their duties split between state authorities and local governments, and now counties have no independent powers.

The counties were first started in the 13th century.

Pop (song)

"Pop" is a 2001 song by NSYNC and is the leading single from their third studio album "Celebrity". It went to number 1 in Canada and Croatia, number 6 in Portugal, number 7 in Norway, number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Australia and number 19 in the United States, New Zealand and Sweden.






You Wear It Well (DeBarge song)

"You Wear It Well" is a 1985 song by DeBarge and is the third single from their fourth studio album "Rhythm of the Night". It peaked at number 46 in the United States. It was featured in an episode of "The Facts of Life" on 2 November, 1985 when El DeBarge guest starred in it.

Kokusai himitsu keisatsu series

Kokusai himitsu keisatsu series (国際秘密警察シリーズ, "International Secret Police Series") is an action movie produced by Toho from 1963 to 1967. A total of five films were produced by Toho and stars Tatsuya Mihashi, a look-alike Cary Grant. 

This series was produced in 1963 when the first James Bond film "Dr. No" (directed by Terrence Young) was released and became a hit in Japan. It is said to be "the first spy movie in the world to be influenced by 007". The basic story is that Jiro Kitami, an agent working for the International Secret Police/I.S.P. (国際秘密警察, "Kokusai himitsu keisatsu"), destroys evil organizations, just like the "Japanese James Bond" played by Mihashi. The highlights are the bizarre gadgets used during the missions and his skillful gun handling.

The first work "Interpol Code 8" and the second work "Tiger Fang" were produced as pure spy action movies with a serious mood, but the third work "Director Takashi Tsuboshima" written by Shinichi Sekizawa and directed by Takashi Tsuboshima. From "Keg of Gunpowder" onwards, elements of sex appeal are added and Kitami becomes sloppy with women, the appearance of unrealistic enemy characters, elements of comedy touches is also included. It has become a work of entertainment for audiences looking to watch something different from other film genres they watched like kaiju and tokusatsu.

In 1966, Toho invited American actor and producer Roger Smith, who was also popular in Japan with "77 Sunset Strip", a one-hour TV series planned starring a Japanese-American duo with Mihashi. Although the project fell through with many script changes, Shinichi Sekizawa rewrote the 5th and final film, "The Killing Bottle," by reusing the novel "Desperate Situation" (
絶体絶命, "Zettai zetsumei") written by novelist Michio Tsuzuki for the pilot episode.

Ise

Ise may refer to:


Fukui Gakuen

Sapporo Municipal "FukuiGakuen" is a "Gimukyouikugakkou" (integrated elementary and junior high school) located in Higashi-ku, Sapporo, Japan. 

It is the only school in Sapporo with and the only school in Sapporo with special certification for compulsory education.

On April 1, 2023, Sapporo Municipal "Fukui" Elementary School and "Fukui" Junior High School were closed, and the school opened its doors with the school building intact.

The rooftop observatory was installed in 1985, and in 2008, "Nishioka" Observatory donated a 35cm reflector telescope. Observation sessions are still held several times a year.

The name Fukui is derived from the name of a school, and is due to emigration(ja:移住) from Fukuoka (ja:福岡).

Nurturing children who love nature, accept each other, and open up the future

Aimed Image of Students

Fukuism -BE independent, BE compassionate, BE outgoing-

The chairperson of each committee, the student body president, the student body vice president, and the student body secretary belong to the executive committee and execute their respective duties.

Student council



Hachiman

Yahata, which was originally pronounced as "hachiman" in ancient Shinto, is a syncretic deity in Japanese religion. He is associated with archery and war, and is a combination of both Shinto and Buddhist beliefs.
Hachiman is a Shinto god who represents archery and war. He is also known as Yahata and is a syncretic divinity that incorporates elements from both Shinto and Buddhism. Hachiman is said to be Emperor Ōjin by birth, who reigned in the 3rd-4th century, and was later deified and identified as "Yahata-no-kami" which means "Kami of Eight Banners." He is also called Hondawake. The dove is his messenger, and he is associated with samurai banners and symbolizes both the bow and arrow.

Hachiman has been worshiped by farmers and fishermen since ancient times. Farmers believe he is the god of agriculture, while fishermen pray to him to fill their nets with plenty of fish.

During the samurai period, Hachiman was worshipped by the descendants of two samurai clans - Seiwa Genji and Kanmu Taira. This tradition spread throughout Japan, and samurai clans began to honor Hachiman as their sacred deity. Hachiman's roles also included determining a samurai's fate in battle, protecting martial arts, and proclaiming the victory of an army.

Hachiman is a Shinto god who is mainly worshipped as the tutelary deity of warriors, though he is sometimes referred to as the god of war. Additionally, he is also considered to be a protective deity of Japan, the Japanese people, and the Imperial House


Continuous wave

A continuous wave or continuous waveform (CW) is an electromagnetic wave of constant amplitude and frequency, typically a sine wave, that for mathematical analysis is considered to be of infinite duration. It may refer to e.g. a laser or particle accelerator having a continuous output, as opposed to a pulsed output.

By extension, the term "continuous wave" also refers to an early method of radio transmission in which a sinusoidal carrier wave is switched on and off. This is more precisely called interrupted continuous wave (ICW). Information is carried in the varying duration of the on and off periods of the signal, for example by Morse code in early radio. In early wireless telegraphy radio transmission, CW waves were also known as "undamped waves", to distinguish this method from damped wave signals produced by earlier "spark gap" type transmitters.

Luz del alba rubio

Luz del Alba Rubio born in 1968, "Aged 55", is one of the most important figures in the Opera world. 
She has done many memorable things, she is an activist and is currently, as of 2023 fighting abuse of power. She is one of 3 women to speak out of what people have done out of the 124 victims. She is known as a hero by many women in the US, Latin America and Spain.

She also has a foundation which she has sung and prepared events for in Uruguay since 2010.
She teaches children and adults to sing around the world.

Puntaclassic Foundation

https://luzdelalbarubio.com

Watatsumi

Watatsumi is a legendary deity, dragon, and protector of water in Japanese mythology. Some people believe that Ōwatatsumi no kami, also known as Ryūjin, the Dragon God of the sea, is another name for Watatsumi. Three deities, known as Watatsumi Sanjin, were created when Izanagi washed himself after returning from Yomi, the underworld. These three deities govern the upper, middle, and lower seas.

Essex Police

Essex Police is a territorial police force responsible for policing the county of Essex. It is responsible for more than1.8 million people and an area of 1,420 square miles (3,700 km). It shares support services with Kent Police. 

Essex Constabulary started in 1840. In 1965, it had 1,862 officers. Southend-on-Sea had its own police force until 1969. The force had more than 4000 police officers in 2020.

Gassan Shrine

Gassan Shrine is a Shinto shrine located on Mount Gassan in Yamagata Prefecture, Japan. It used to be a highly ranked national shrine in the Modern system of ranked Shinto Shrines. The main deity worshipped here is Tsukuyomi-no-Mikoto. The shrine was established in the year 593.

The shrine celebrates its main festival every year on August 14th.

Mount Gassan is the highest of the Three Mountains of Dewa and is known for its stunning natural beauty. The mountain is home to many unique plants and other vegetation. The path to the peak of Mt. Gassan is the second-highest point in the Shonai Region of Japan. However, due to the heavy snowfall, the mountain can usually only be accessed from late spring to early fall.



Empress Kōgyoku

Empress Kōgyoku, also known as Empress Saimei, was a monarch of Japan who ruled twice and is considered the 35th and 37th ruler according to traditional succession.

Empress Kōgyoku reigned twice, first as Kōgyoku from 642 to 645, and then again as Saimei from 655 to 661.


This one woman ruled twice from 642 to 645 and from 655 to 661..

Kōgyoku was a Japanese empress who ruled twice in the 7th century. She was the second woman to rule as empress, after Suiko-tennō. Six more women became empresses after her.

Abbey (name)

The name Abbey [ ab-ee ] has become more popular recently and can be used for both boys and girls. It is a short form of Abigail, a Hebrew name that means "my father's joy." However, Abbey also has its own unique meaning and history. Abbey comes from the Latin word "abbeia," which means "abbey" or "monastery." In the Middle Ages, an abbey was a place where monks or nuns lived and prayed. It was a peaceful and calm place where people could find comfort and spiritual advice. Therefore, the name Abbey suggests feelings of spirituality, calmness, and tranquility. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Suffolk Constabulary

Suffolk Constabulary is the police force responsible for Suffolk. It serves a population of 761,000 in a mostly rural area of 1,466 square miles (3,796 km), with 49 miles of coastline. The headquarters are in Martlesham. It is responsible for Ipswich, Lowestoft, Bury St Edmunds and Felixstowe. In September 2022, it had about 1,387 police constables. In March 2022 it had 111 special constables, 880 police staff/designated officers, 36 Police community support officers and 133 police support volunteers.

West Suffolk Constabulary and East Suffolk Constabulary and Ipswich Borough Police were joined together in 1967.

Abby

Abby [ ab-ee ] is a well-liked name for infant females that has existed for hundreds of years. It is a truncated version of the name Abigail, which originates from the Hebrew name Avigayil, signifying "my father's joy" or "source of joy." This name has an extensive past and has been used in different cultures and languages. This name was ranked #575 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Abdi

Abdi is a name that is well-known in different cultures and languages. The name has been in use for centuries and its meaning varies based on its origin and the context. Abdi is derived from the Arabic word "abd," which means "servant" or "worshipper." The name has Arabic roots and means "servant of God" or "worshipper of God." Abdi is a popular name among Muslim communities and is frequently given to boys to express their devotion to God. 


Abdiel

Abdiel is a name with a long-standing history and deep significance. It has been in use for many centuries and originates from Hebrew. The name is formed from two Hebrew words, "ab" which translates to "servant" and "el" which translates to "God." As a result, the name Abdiel conveys the meaning of "one who serves God."


Abdul

Abdul is a well-liked name among Arabic-speaking communities, typically given to boys. Its origin comes from two Arabic words: "abd," which translates to "servant" or "slave," and "al," which means "the." As a result, Abdul signifies "servant of the" followed by one of the 99 names of Allah, as per Islamic tradition.


Abdullah

Abdullah is a well-liked name in the Arabic language that has been used for many years. It's a common name given to boys and has a significant meaning that represents the Islamic religion. The name Abdullah is formed from two Arabic words, "abd" which signifies "servant" and "Allah" which signifies "God". So, the name Abdullah implies "servant of God".


Abe (given name)

Abe is a nickname for the name Abraham, which comes from the Hebrew name Avraham. Avraham means "father of many nations" or "father of a multitude." Because of this, the name Abe also has a similar meaning and is often linked with traits such as strength, leadership, and a feeling of obligation.


Electoral system

An electoral system or voting system is a set of rules that determine how elections and referendums are run and how their results are decided. They are used in politics to elect national and local governments. Elections also happen in businesses, and other sorts of organisations. These rules usually govern voting, when elections happen, who can vote, who can be a candidate, how the votes are counted, how votes decide the election, limits on campaign spending, and other things that can affect the result. 

There are many different electoral systems. Sometimes different systems are used in different sorts of elections in the same country. 

Voters may vote directly for candidates or their votes may elect an electoral college where their representatives may run a further election. Areas may be divided into constituencies with one or more representatives in each. Voters may vote directly for individual candidates or for a list of candidates.

The most common systems are first-past-the-post voting, multiple non-transferable vote, the two-round (runoff) system, party-list proportional representation and ranked or preferential voting as used in single-winner Instant-runoff voting or multi-winner Single transferable voting.

Different voting systems may effect the results, and they may be changed to benefit those in power.

2024 Democratic National Convention

The 2024 Democratic National Convention is an event in which delegates of the United States Democratic Party will pick the party's nominees for president and vice president in the 2024 United States presidential election. 

It is planned to be held at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois.

Top Democrats from Illinois such as Governor J. B. Pritzker, Senator Tammy Duckworth, and Mayor Lori Lightfoot supported the city's bid to host the convention. Chicago has hosted the most major-party presidential nominating conventions of any city (14 Republican, 11 Democrat). The 1968 Democratic National Convention had violent protests between anti-war demonstrators and the Chicago Police Department. 

Facilities in Chicago that had been mentioned as potential primary venues include the United Center, Wintrust Arena, and Navy Pier.

Atlanta, Houston, and New York City were also candidates to host the convention.

Three Mountains of Dewa

The Three Mountains of Dewa, also known as Dewa Sanzan in Japanese, are three special mountains situated in the ancient Dewa Province of Yamagata Prefecture. The three mountains are Mount Haguro, Mount Gassan, and Mount Yudono. These mountains are considered sacred in the Shinto religion and are particularly significant for the Shugendo mountain ascetic cult. Many people, including the well-known haiku poet Matsuo Bashō, visit Dewa Sanzan as a popular pilgrimage site.

The Haguro Five-story Pagoda is a national treasure of Japan.

It has three subshrines


Over 1400 years ago in 593, Prince Hachiko opened the Dewa Sanzan mountains as a religious center, which is now considered the oldest history of mountain worship in Japan. After fleeing the Soga clan upon the killing of his father, Emperor Sushun, Prince Hachiko arrived in Dewa province, where he devoted the rest of his life to religious pursuits. He endured difficult ascetic exercises and a period of penance, leading to his worship of Haguro Gongen, the mountain deity. The prince began worshiping at the Gassan and Yudono mountains, leading to the enshrinement of all three deities at the temple on the peak of Mount Haguro.

People started to visit Dewa Sanzan mountains regularly after it was established as a place for religious beliefs. They would sometimes travel thousands of miles during the summer months to pay their respects at the shrines. The mountains were important to many religions and were a place of learning for various belief systems, but especially for shugendō. Famous people like En no Gyōja, who created shugendō asceticism, and Kūkai, who founded the Shingon Sect, made the pilgrimage to Dewa Sanzan.

After the Meiji Restoration in 1868, Japan's government decided to separate Shinto and Buddhism, making Shinto the official state religion. This affected shugendo negatively, and many of its priests left their religious life. After World War II, shugendo regained its status as a minor religious group. These changes also affected the Dewa Sanzan shrines' designations. In the Empire of Japan, Hagurosan Shrine and Yudonosan Shrine were designated as kokuhei shosha, while Gassan Shrine on Mount Gassan was considered a kanpei taisha. Today all three are considered equal Beppyo shrines

Folk religion has been a significant part of the daily lives of Japanese people for a long time. One of its prominent aspects is the connection between religious beliefs and practices with sacred mountains. Mountain worship is a widespread practice in Japan, and it has been observed that almost every high mountain top has had its own dedicated shrine at some point. Many of these shrines receive thousands of worshippers each year for annual pilgrimages. This combination of religious practices and beliefs associated with sacred mountains is known as sangaku shinkō.

The Dewa Sanzan are considered very holy in both Shinto and Buddhism religions, but especially important to the Shugendo religious beliefs. Each of the three sacred mountains, Mount Haguro, Mount Gassan, and Mount Yudono, has its own shrine, but the main Dewa Shrine is situated at the top of Mount Haguro. What makes the primary shrine unique is that it honors all three of the sacred mountains.

Each year, lay practitioners of shugendo, known as yamabushi, pay homage to the Dewa Sanzan. Mount Haguro is particularly important in this practice as it serves as the gateway to Mount Gassan and Mount Yudono.

Mount Haguro, despite being the smallest of the three Dewa mountains, is unique in that it remains accessible year-round unlike Mount Gassan and Mount Yudono, which are closed during winter due to heavy snowfall. As a result, it is the most renowned mountain of the three, and is well-known locally and internationally. One of Japan's national treasures, the Haguro Five-story Pagoda, is situated on Mount Haguro. is its shrine, and also called Dewa Shrine

Mount Gassan is the tallest of the three sacred mountains and is famous for its natural scenery and beauty. It is home to many rare alpine plants and other marsh vegetation. The hiking path to the peak of Mt. Gassan is the second-highest point in the Shonai Region of Japan. However, due to heavy snowfall, the mountain is usually accessible only from late spring to early fall. Gassan Shrine is its shrine

Mount Yudono is the most sacred and significant mountain of the Dewa Sanzan, considered the heart of the three sacred mountains. It is highly regarded as a training ground for ascetic discipline, and many yamabushi and ascetics believe that their pilgrimage is not complete until they reach the summit of Mount Yudono. The mountain is renowned for its goshintai, a sacred object believed to be connected to a god. The shrine on Mount Yudono is regarded as holy ground and is kept secret, with photography and video recordings being strictly prohibited even today. is its shrine.




2024 Republican National Convention

The 2024 Republican National Convention is an event in which delegates of the United States Republican Party will pick the party's nominees for president and vice president in the 2024 United States presidential election. It is planned to be held at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. 

Other cities considered to host the convention included: Pittsburgh, Salt Lake City, Kasas City and Nashville. Milwaukee is the first city to host major party conventions in consecutive elections since New York City hosted both the 1976 and 1980 Democratic National Conventions.

Fiserv Forum

Fiserv Forum () is an arena located in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin. It is the home of the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Construction began on June 18, 2016. The arena opened on August 26, 2018.

Matsuri

Matsuri (祭) is a Japanese word that refers to festivals and general religious rituals. It can refer to secular festivals or religious festivals. Shinto shrines often host Matsuri.

Kodama District, Saitama

Kanasana Shrine is in this district

Ōmiwa Shrine

The Ōmiwa Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Sakurai, Nara Prefecture, Japan. It is unique because it does not contain any sacred objects or images, as it is dedicated to the nearby Mount Miwa. People think its practice of using a Kannabi as its shintai is what original shrines did. The shrine is also the patron of Japanese sake brewers.

The Ōmiwa Shrine is in a peaceful forest and is built facing Mount Miwa. There is a very old Japanese cedar tree on the shrine grounds that people believe is holy. The shrine has Mount Miwa as its Shintai, which means that it worships the mountain as a deity, and it does not have a honden. It uses the mountain as a Kannabi

The buildings in the shrine are decorated with Borromean rings. These rings represent the three rings, which is significant because the word "Miwa" is written using the kanji for and .
The torii on the sandō of the Ōmiwa Shrine is very tall, measuring 32 meters and was built in 1984. It is the second tallest torii in Japan. The shrine also has an ancient gate called shime torii, made with only two posts and a rope known as shimenawa. The shrine has a unique feature known as a "triple-torii" or miwa torii. Unlike most torii gates, the miwa torii has doors that restrict access to the mountain that it enshrines..

The buildings at Ōmiwa Shrine include structures that were built from ancient times up to the Edo period, which lasted from 1603 to 1868.



Abe

Abe or ABE may refer to:




Ikasuri Shrine

Ikasuri Shrine, also known as Zama jinja, is an important Shinto shrine in the center of Osaka, Japan. Its annual festival takes place on April 22. In the past, it was considered an imperial shrine of the second rank or kanpei-chūsha (官幣中社). It was also the main shrine of the former Settsu Province. The shrine honors five deities, known as ikasuri no kami or zama no kami: Ikui no kami (the god of life), Sakui no kami (the god of prosperity), Tsunagai no kami (the god of connection), Hahiki no kami (the god of waves), and Asuha no kami (the god of safety).


<templatestyles src="Module:Coordinates/styles.css"></templatestyles>

Ikuta Shrine

Ikuta Shrine is a religious site in Kobe, Japan that belongs to the Shinto religion. It is located in the Chūō Ward of the city and is considered to be one of the oldest shrines in the country.

Nihon Shoki, a historical text, states that Ikuta Shrine was established by Empress Jingū during the early 3rd century AD to honor the deity Wakahirume. At that time, two other shrines were also founded: Hirota Shrine, which was dedicated to Amaterasu, and Nagata Shrine, which was dedicated to Kotoshiro-nushi (also known as Ebisu).

During the Genpei War, there was fighting in and around Ikuta Shrine. This battle, known as the Battle of Ichi-no-Tani, is commemorated by markers in the forest behind the shrine. However, the shrine's land was much larger in the past, before the city of Kobe was built around it. Because of this, the exact locations of battles and other events can no longer be marked on the shrine's property.
Two Noh plays, named Ebira and Ikuta Atsumori, which depict stories from the Genpei War, are regularly performed near the Ikuta Shrine. These plays are performed every year during Ikuta's Autumn Festival.



Prince Kitashirakawa Yoshihisa

 

Prince Kitashirakawa Yoshihisa was born as the ninth son of Prince Fushimi Kuniie (1802–1875) and Horiuchi Nobuko. He later became a Buddhist priest with the title Rinnoji-no-miya and served as the abbot of Kan'ei-ji in Edo.

During the Boshin War, Prince Yoshihisa fled north with Tokugawa supporters after the Satsuma-Chōshū takeover of Edo. He became the nominal head of the "Northern Alliance" consisting of most of the domains of northern Japan, led by Date Yoshikuni of Sendai. Some documents refer to Prince Yoshihisa as "'Emperor Tōbu"' and describe the planned era names for his reign, but historians disagree on whether or not he was actually named emperor. His era name was believed to have been either Taisei or Enju depending on the source.

After the Meiji Restoration, in 1873, Emperor Meiji ordered all imperial princes serving as Buddhist priests to return to their secular status. Prince Kitashirakawa Yoshihisa, at that time serving as a priest under the title Rinnoji-no-miya, was also recalled to secular life. Later that year, he succeeded his younger brother, Prince Kitashirakawa Kasunari, as the second head of the new princely house of Kitashirakawa-no-miya.

The couple had one son, Prince Morimasa (護正宮, Morimasa-no-miya, 25 September 1887 – 18 May 1949).


Also, Prince Yoshihisa had five sons and five daughters by various concubines, as was common practice for the time:


Prince Kitashirakawa Yoshihisa became a soldier and went to Germany to learn more about military training. He went back to Japan in 1887. He became a general and was put in charge of the 4th Division as a lieutenant general in 1893. The First Sino-Japanese War started in 1894 and he joined the Japanese attack on Taiwan. However, he caught a disease called malaria and died near Tainan. There were some rumors that he was killed by guerrillas in Taiwan.. Prince Kitashirakawa Yoshihisa was the first person from Japan's royal family to die in a war outside Japan. He died during the Japanese invasion of Taiwan in the First Sino-Japanese War of 1894-1895. After his death, he was given a special status as a kami in the State Shinto religion. Many Shinto shrines built in Taiwan during Japan's rule had his shrine, and he was also enshrined in Yasukuni Jinja..




King of Na gold seal

The King of Na gold seal is a valuable object made of gold that was found in 1784 on Shikanoshima Island in Fukuoka Prefecture, near Shikaumi Shrine in Japan. This seal is very important and has been recognized as a National Treasure of Japan.. It is thought that the King of Na gold seal was made in China and given to a Japanese envoy by Emperor Guangwu of Han in 57 AD. The seal bears five Chinese characters that identify it as the seal of the King of Na, a vassal state of the Han Dynasty in Japan.. The gold seal is now kept in the Fukuoka City Museum in Fukuoka, Japan..


Shika Island

Two farmers found the golden seal on a hill overlooking Hakata Bay in 1784. The area was made into a park called Kin-in Park to celebrate the discovery. The seal is known as the Golden Seal of the King of Na and is a national treasure. Chinese records state that about 2,000 years ago, Emperor Guangwu of the Han dynasty gave a golden seal to a Japanese envoy to present to their king. The seal had the characters 「漢委奴国王」"(Han wa na koku-ō"), which means "[From the King of] Han, presented to the King of Nakoku". The seal is now kept at the Fukuoka City Museum.

A notable person from the island is Yūki Yoda, a member of the Japanese idol group Nogizaka46.

The island is home to Shikaumi Shrine



<templatestyles src="Module:Coordinates/styles.css"></templatestyles>

Azumi people

 

The Azumi were a clan and tribe of warriors in Japan during the Jōmon period. They are known for their culture and beliefs, which are considered one of the earliest sea religions in Japan. They lived in Northern Kyushu and were active from the early 3rd to 7th centuries. They were great sailors, and had a big navy., . They lived in an area called Chikuzen, which is now part of Fukuoka Prefecture. The Azumi people used their knowledge of tidal changes, weather patterns, and star constellations to explore and navigate the sea successfully. They followed the sea God, Watatsumi, and a powerful deity named Isora, who provided them with spiritual guidance in their daily lives.

Shikaumi Shrine is their ancestral shrine. The shrine is taken care of by a priest who is believed to be a descendant of the Azumi clan. The biennial gojinkosai ceremony held at the shrine is recognized as an intangible cultural property by the prefecture.. The shrine, incorporates a deer motif in its rituals and designs. The deer motif is significant to the Azumi people and their beliefs, and is a common feature in the historic culture of the region.

Cucumis

Cucumis is a genus of twining, tendril-bearing plants in the family Cucurbitaceae which includes the cucumber ("Cucumis sativus"), muskmelons ("Cucumis melo", including cantaloupe and honeydew), the horned melon ("Cucumis metuliferus"), and the West Indian small pickle ("Cucumis anguria").

30 species happen in Africa, and 25 happen in India, Southeast Asia, and Australia. However, "Cucumis myriocarpus" was introduced to Australia from Sub-Saharan Africa, and is thought as an invasive species.

As of October 2022, Plants of the World Online accepted 61 species:

Uesugi Kenshin

, was a Japanese daimyō also known as . He was born in the Nagao clan. He ruled over Echigo Province during the Sengoku period of Japan. Kenshin a powerful daimyo and was called the "Dragon of Echigo". He was a great administrator and helped develop local industries and trade. He gave his people a high standard of living in Echigo. 

Kenshin was a very honorable person. He also led many defensive campaigns to bring peace to the Kantō region and believed in the Buddhist god of war, Bishamonten. Some of his followers even thought that he was an incarnation of Bishamonten and called him the "God of War."
He is enshrined in Uesugi Shrine as a kami..




Kumano shrine

A is a type of Shinto shrine that honors the three Kumano mountains: Hongū, Shingū, and Nachi. There are over 3,000 Kumano shrines in Japan, and each one receives its kami from another Kumano shrine through a process called or .

The Kumano cult originally came from the Kumano Sanzan shrine complex in Wakayama Prefecture.

The Kumano Sanzan shrines are considered the main shrines among all Kumano shrines and are located between 20 to 40 kilometers from each other. They are linked by the pilgrimage route called . In addition to the three shrines, there are two Buddhist temples, Seiganto-ji and Fudarakusan-ji, that are also part of the Kumano Sanzan complex.

The Kumano region has been significant religiously since ancient times, even before modern religions in Japan. It is known as a place for physical healing. Initially, each Kumano shrine had its own form of nature worship, but in the 10th century, they began to be worshipped together as the three deities of Kumano under the influence of Buddhism.. During the time when Japanese kami were believed to be emanations of buddhas, known as the honji suijaku theory, the three deities of Kumano became associated with Buddhas. Kuniyasutamahime, one of the deities, was associated with Sahasrabhūja Avalokiteśvara (also known as Senju Kannon, meaning "Thousand-Armed Avalokiteśvara"), Bhaisajyaguru (Yakushi Nyōrai), and Amitābha (Amida Nyōrai). The site of Kumano became a unique example of the fusion between Buddhism and Japanese indigenous religion known as shinbutsu-shūgō.. After the three shrines were associated with Buddhism, the Kumano Sanzan site gained popularity and attracted many worshipers, making it a popular pilgrimage destination.. During the 11th century, pilgrims who visited the Kumano Sanzan site were mainly members of the imperial family or aristocrats. However, by the 15th century, the majority of the pilgrims were commoners.. In the past, the pilgrimage to Kumano was also known as the . This was because the pilgrims could be seen walking in long lines, winding through the valleys, and resembling a trail of ants.




Sullivan Ballou

Sullivan Ballou (March 28, 1829 – July 29, 1861) was a lawyer and politician sent to war by President Lincoln, he called on the people States loyal to the Union. During the war, he sent a letter. The letter, dated July 14, 1861, was written to his wife Sarah, shortly before his death at Bull Run. He was hit by a six-pounder cannonball 

The letter reads:

My Very Dear Wife 

Again, I feel compelled to write a few lines that might catch your eye when I'm gone.

Sarah, my love for you is immortal. And in God's will, burn to ashes the hopes of the years to come that we should have lived and loved. But oh Sarah, when the dead come back to this earth so they can fly unseen around the people they loved, I'll always be there. Wait for me as if I'm gone, 'cause I'll see you again. 

-Major Sullivan Ballou

Ōmononushi

Ōmononushi () is a god in Japanese mythology who is connected to Mount Miwa in Sakurai, Nara Prefecture. He is closely related to the god Ōkuninushi in the imperial myth cycle, with the Nihon Shoki and Kojiki texts referring to Ōmononushi as either another name for or a spirit of Ōkuninushi.

Ōmononushi is mainly worshipped at Ōmiwa Shrine located at the base of Mount Miwa. This mountain is considered the shrine's sacred object of worship. Ōmononushi is also known as Miwa-no-Ōkami or Miwa (Dai)myōjin. He is also worshipped at Ōsugi Shrine in Ibaraki Prefecture, and is identified with Konpira Daigongen, the deity of Kotohira Shrine in Kagawa Prefecture.




Kuni-no-Tokotachi

Kuni no Tokotachi is a prominent god in shinto. He emerged from a reed

Yoshida Kanetomo, who created the Yoshida Shinto sect, said that Kuninotokotachi was the same as and thought that he was the first and most important god of the Universe.



Mount Gassan

It is a long and hard hike up the mountain

The mountain is inaccessible during the winter due to snow

Mount Gassan is unique because it possesses characteristics of both shield volcanoes and stratovolcanoes, even though it is primarily categorized as a stratovolcano.


Chittagong University Museum

Chittagong University Museum is the only academic museum in Bangladesh. It is located on the University of Chittagong campus in Hathazari Upazila of Chittagong District. The aim of providing assistance to students and researchers in education and research activities on human history, art and culture; collection, preservation, and display of artefacts of archaeology, history and ancient art; and creating opportunities for basic research on these subjects. It is the only art museum in Chittagong and is considered the only museum among public universities in the country. 

The current collection of the museum is around a hundred, which includes prehistoric and archaeological sculptures, folk art, various collections of Islamic and contemporary art and modern art of Bangladesh. There are wood fossils; various artefacts excavated from the archaeological sites of Mainamati, Mahasthan and Paharpur; ancient and medieval coins, inscriptions, manuscripts, sculptures, terracotta, weapons and firearms, clothing, metal artefacts, porcelain and other minor folk artefacts. A fish fossil of the tertiary period obtained from the Nasirabad hills of the Chittagong metropolis is considered the oldest specimen of this museum. Historical documents of Swadhin Bangla Betar Kendra; the archives of this museum have notable liberation war posters, pamphlets, newspaper clippings, various publications and administrative documents collected from different countries including Bangladesh.

The museum was established in 1973 at the initiative of Chittagong University authorities to provide facilities for research materials as an educational museum. The museum is also managed to stimulate public interest and to encourage appreciation of the history, archaeology and art heritage of Bangladesh.

Mount Yudono

, is one of the Three Mountains of Dewa, three sacred shugendo sites. It is found in Yamagata Prefecture, Japan. Yudonosan Shrine is the most sacred shrine of the three mountains and it is located on the summit.. Visitors to the shrine are required to remove their shoes and take photographs are not allowed. The mountain and shrine are often difficult to access during the winter season due to heavy snowfall.

Spaghettification

In astrophysics, spaghettification (sometimes referred to as the noodle effect) is the pulling and pushing of objects into long thin spaghetti-like shapes as they go near a strong field of gravity. It is caused by extreme tidal forces. Near a black hole, the pulling and pushing are so powerful that no object can resist it. In a small region, the pushing balances the pulling so that a small object being spaghettified experiences no change in volume.

Stephen Hawking described the flight of a fictional astronaut who was passing within a black hole's event horizon. The astronaut he describes is "stretched like spaghetti" by the difference in gravitational force, or the gradient, from head to toe. The reason this happens is that the gravity force exerted by the singularity would be much stronger at one end of the body than the other. If one were to fall into a black hole feet first, the gravity at their feet would be much stronger than at their head, causing the person to be vertically pulled. Along with that, the right side of the body will be pulled to the left, and the left side of the body will be pulled to the right, pushing the sides of the person inward. Spaghettification of a star was seen for the first time in 2018 by scientists observing a pair of colliding galaxies approximately 150 million light-years from Earth.

Scottish Football Association

The Scottish Football Association is in charge of football in Scotland.. Members include , affiliated national associations as well as local associations. It was formed in 1873, making it the second oldest national football association in the world. It is a member of FIFA.

It is based at Hampden Park in Glasgow.

Representatives from seven clubs – Queen's Park, Clydesdale, Vale of Leven, Dumbreck, Third Lanark, Eastern and Granville – attended a meeting on 13 March 1873. Together with Kilmarnock they started the association. There are 122 clubs in it in 2023. 

Inbe Shrine

Inbe Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Nikenya-cho, Tokushima City, Tokushima Prefecture. It used to be a Myojin Taisha. It is a beppyo shrine under the Association of Shinto Shrines.


Inbe Shrine's deity is believed to be the Oyagami or the ancestor deity of the . The shrine's deity is known to have played a role in the story of Amaterasu Omikami hiding in the cave, where Tentagyoku-no-mikoto led him to plant a tree and make a white coin woven from kozo fibers. The deity is also believed to have introduced cotton (also called Yu) to Japan.

Inbe Shrine was originally in Mashoku County, Awa Province and was listed in the 'Engishiki Jinmyocho' and 'Myojin Taisha Shrine'. However, due to fires and other factors, its location became unknown during the Middle Ages. In the early modern period, multiple shrines were built in Shikinai and Inbe Shrines claiming to be the original Inbe Shrine. In 1871, it was temporarily promoted to Kokuhei Chusha with "location unknown". In 1874, Inbe-jinja Shrine in Yamakawa-cho was replaced by Gosho-jinja Shrine. In 1881, Gosho-jinja Shrine was changed to Shikinaibu-jinja Shrine, but Yamazaki opposed it. In 1885, the current location on the slopes of Mt. Bizan was selected and Kotohira-jinja Shrine was enshrined there. It was moved to Gosho-jinja Shrine as a temporary subsidiary shrine before being relocated to its present location on May 15, 1892, following the completion of the shrine building.

The shrine was built in the year 1892. But during the year 1945, a big part of the main buildings got destroyed because of war-related incidents. To rebuild it, the current main hall was constructed in 1953, which has a 3-bay front and a 2-bay roof on the remaining three sides. To decorate the roof, chigi and bonito were placed on the ridge.

A loom is placed in the weaving hall. There the fabric for imperial succession is woven



University of Glasgow

The University of Glasgow is a public research university in Glasgow, Scotland. Founded by papal bull in 1451, it is the fourth-oldest university in the English-speaking world and one of Scotland's four ancient universities.

The university used to be in the city's High Street; since 1870, its main campus has been at Gilmorehill in the City's West End. Some university buildings are elsewhere. The Veterinary School is in Bearsden, and the Crichton Campus is in Dumfries. 

Glasgow is the largest university in Scotland by total enrolment and with over 19,500 postgraduates the second-largest in the United Kingdom by postgraduate enrolment.

Virome

A virome is a collection of viruses found in a biological community, such as an ecosystem or an organism. Scientists studying viruses use gene sequencing methods to study the viruses in these communities and classify them. This is known as the study of metagenomics. Viruses are found in all kinds of environments. One example of a virome is the human virome, which is the community of viruses living in various human organs. Bacteriophages, a type of virus, are the most common type of virus in the biosphere and in humans, and are found in feces, saliva, blood, and more.

In the 2000s, virologist Forest Rohwer performed gene sequencing on samples of seawater, soil, and human tissue. The studies revealed that the gene diversity of viruses globally is massive and mostly unrecorded. More research in the 2010s showed that the gut virome of humans is of special interest in human medicine. Scientists sort nucleic acids from the other components of viruses, and then analyze them. The large number of different viruses on Earth makes completing the Earth’s virome difficult. As of November 2018, a large virus database held information on 760,000 individual viruses and virus parts.

Beppyo shrine

A Beppyo Shrine, or , is a type of Shinto shrine that is considered to be remarkable in some way and thought to be more important than other shrines. This category of shrines was defined by the Association of Shinto Shrines, and it is seen as the successor to the more detailed Modern system of ranked Shinto shrines.

The list is too big to show here, so it only shows a list of important shrines that are not Beppyo shrines. To see a list of Beppyo shrines, please refer to the list in the Modern system of ranked Shinto shrines, which includes all of these shrines plus the ones mentioned below.

The shrines listed below are not Beppyo Shrines because they do not have a strong relationship with the Association of Shinto Shrines. Those whose "Year of termination of umbrella relationship" is 1946 have not been in a close relationship with the Association of Shinto Shrines since it was established in 1946.


Zhangixalus smaragdinus

The Nepal flying frog, large tree frog, Günther's tree frog, yellow-spotted tree frog, emerald gliding tree frog or white-lipped tree frog ("Zhangixalus smaragdinus") is a frog. It lives in China, Nepal, India, Tibet, Bhutan, and Myanmar.

Shinko-shiki

Shinko-shiki (神幸式), also known as Shinko-sai (神幸祭) is a shinto ritual of moving a kami in a procession. The Kami's shintai will be removed from the main Shinto shrine and be put in a movable shrine such as Matsuri float or a . It usually takes place during an annual festival for a shrine The parade is considered a way for the kami to review and affirm the boundaries of a neighborhood or parish.

The content, formality, and participation in Shinko Shiki parades vary depending on the region. The most visible part of the parade is a group of marchers who walk or ride along a set route. The parades require organization and resources, and they are often organized as part of a shrine's ritual or related activities.

The parades serve as affirmations of social boundaries because individuals and households contribute time and resources to their neighborhood or area's parade, participate in its organization or performance, and publicly display their membership through signs, posters, or jackets.

This festival can take place on land or water, and the route and places visited are based on tradition. The festival can also include costumes and special rituals. It is sometimes called "O-watari" (お渡り) .

The of is a famous example of Shinko-sai.

Shinko Shiki is specifically associated with the visit of kami to its parishioners, but there is a wide range of performance and interpretation.

For example Tokyo Shinko-shiki is rowdy and has lots of drinking, while in Yuzawa it is quiet and formal.


Zhangixalus franki

Frank's tree frog ("Zhangixalus franki") is a frog. People have seen it in China, in Yunnan Province, and in northern Vietnam. People have seen it between 1320 and 1360 m above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 77.9–85.8 mm long from nose to rear end.

Shinshi

As time passed, people started to connect certain animals with specific shrines. It became a custom to take care of these animals when they were found within the area of the shrine. Normally, each kami had only one animal familiar, but sometimes, there were some exceptions where a kami had more than one. Even some of the "Seven Lucky Gods" like Daikokuten (a mouse) and Benzaiten (a snake) had animal familiars.

In later years, the kami's animal familiar became a common symbol of the kami itself. For instance, the fox at Inari shrines was worshipped as a manifestation of the kami. These creatures were thought to be extraordinary spiritual beings, and this perception, combined with their relationship with the specific kami, likely gave rise to this phenomenon.
It is believed to have originated from shamanism, where animals aided shamans in traveling to the spirit world. Certain animals are associated with particular spirits, such as foxes with Inari and deer with Kasuga.

In the past, tribal communities considered their shaman's animal helper as an ancestor, and this may have influenced the connection between animals and spirits in Shinto. For example, the Kamo tribe believed that the was their ancestor.

At Ise Jingu, roosters roam around and are believed to be the assistants of the sun goddess, Amaterasu. They wake her up every morning, according to folklore. Some experts believe that the rooster may be the bird depicted on the torii, a gate that marks the entrance to a shrine.

Inari Okami's fox messengers are often identified directly with her Rice food sake and other offerings are given to them for her

In a book called Fusō Sakki, which was written in the middle of the Heian period in Japan, it is mentioned that a person who killed a white fox (known as shiratoume) near the Ise Shrine was exiled to that area. This suggests that there was a belief in spiritual foxes in ancient Japan..'

The "Chujin Harai-kun," a book written in the 12th century, states that the kami's messenger is second only to the eight great kami and is subordinate to the 100,000 kami. Moreover, "Kitakami Yuki-fu," an essay written in the early 19th century, explains that a ritual called hanasui-iwai is held every year on January 15th. During this ritual, every new household is given a Shinshi.



2016 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2016 UEFA Champions League final was the last game of the 2015–16 UEFA Champions League, a top European football competition run by UEFA. It took place at San Siro Stadium in Milan, Italy, on May 28, 2016, between two Spanish teams, Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid. This was the second time in the tournament's history that both finalists were from the same city. After a 1–1 draw in extra time, Real Madrid won 5–3 in a penalty shootout, securing their 11th title.

Real Madrid then got to play against the winners of the 2015–16 UEFA Europa League, Sevilla, in the 2016 UEFA Super Cup. They also earned a spot in the semi-finals of the 2016 FIFA Club World Cup as the UEFA representative, and they ended up winning both of these competitions.

"Note: In all the results below, the score of the team playing at home is listed first (H: home), and the score of the team playing away is listed second (A: away)"

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Warlaing

Warlaing () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 581 people lived there.


Solesmes, Nord

Solesmes (; Picard: "Solinmes") is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,290 people lived there.


Troisvilles

Troisvilles is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 824 people lived there.


Scottish Ambulance Service

The Scottish Ambulance Service is part of NHS Scotland. It is governed by a special health board and is funded directly by the Health and Social Care Directorates of the Scottish Government.

It is the sole public emergency medical service covering Scotland's mainland and islands; providing a paramedic-led accident and emergency service for 999 calls, a patient transport service, and a wide variety of supporting roles including air medical services, specialist operations including response to hazardous substances, or chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear defence incidents and specialist transport and retrieval.

When the Scottish National Health Service was set up in 1948 the St Andrew's Ambulance Association and the British Red Cross were paid to run the ambulance services. The British Red Cross stopped doing it in 1967. 

It has more than 1,300 paramedic staff, and 1,200 technicians.

2023 UEFA Super Cup

The 2023 UEFA Super Cup will be played between the winners of the 2023 UEFA Champions League Final and the winners of the 2023 UEFA Europa League final.

Shukubo

In Japan, a Shukubo is a place where visitors can spend the night inside a Buddhist temple. It means "temple lodging" in English. In the past, these facilities were built to house only monks and worshippers. However, nowadays, more and more of them are welcoming general tourists and expanding their facilities and services accordingly. Some temples, such as , have outdoor hot spring baths known as Onsens. These temple lodgings are now somewhat secularized and in many towns, they are the only available accommodation options.

At first, only Buddhist monks called Bhikkhu were permitted to stay at these accommodations. However, during the Heian period, more individuals began to embark on pilgrimages to temples and shrines. As a result, even people like the nobility, samurai, and common pilgrims began to stay in these facilities. As a result, the operators of these facilities were no longer only monks.

Shukubo were historically used by Shugendo practitioners and those who worshipped mountains. They played significant roles in the development of both practices.

In a construction boom that lasted for several decades in the Edo period, networks of Shukubo started to develop in Ise, Shima, Toba, and Futami-ura.

Many of the present-day operators of Shukubo are descendants of families who used to run them when they were solely for religious purposes. These Shukubo were originally intended for only one Kosha, but opening up to the general public has significantly increased the number of people staying at these facilities.

At the base of Mount Haguro, there were once 336 Shukubo, all of which were connected to Shugendo.

During the Edo period, visits to temples and shrines became popular Destinations included those Ise, , and . As a result, lodging houses were constructed at major temples and shrines in each area to accommodate ordinary pilgrims and tourists. This formed an early tourism industry. Specific areas were linked to specific lodging houses.

In modern times, some Shukubo have been transformed into traditional inns and ryokans for tourists who wish to experience the ambiance of a temple stay.


Mount Haguro

, is a mountain in the city of Tsuruoka. It was part of the ancient province of Dewa in Japan. It is one of the Three Mountains of Dewa and stands at 414 meters (1,358 feet), making it the shortest of the three. However, unlike the other two mountains, it is accessible throughout the year. It has the famous Dewa Shrine on it. 

There is a path that has 2,446 stone steps leading to its summit. The mountain has 600-year-old trees, and along the way to the top, you will see famous landmarks like the Gojūnotō five-story pagoda, Grandpa cedar (jijisugi 爺杉), a 1000-year-old cedar tree, and many shrines. The steps and the pagoda are important and are listed as National Treasures. At the summit of the mountain is the Sanjingōsaiden shrine (三神合祭殿), which honors the spirits of all three mountains.
You can also reach the summit of the mountain by bus service. Besides religious pilgrims, travelers often stay at the Saikan temple lodgings.

In the Edo period there used to be 336 shukubo on the mountain



Scooby-Doo! Camp Scare

Scooby-Doo! Camp Scare, also known as Scooby-Doo and the Summer Camp, is a 2010 cartoon animated movie from the Scooby-Doo franchise. The film features all three monsters, who are trying to scare the gang away. 

Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang travel to Camp Little Moose, Fred's old summer camp. However, they find the camp empty, except for the camp counselor, Burt, and the local ranger, John Knudsen. They learn that one of the camp's legends, the Woodsman, has come to life to spook them away. Burt is about John's advice when three kids, Deacon, Luke and Trudy arrive. Then, they are attacked by the Woodsman wielding an axe. 
The next day, the gang and the kids are attacked by a Fish Man, another urban legend. But will they figure it out and outsmart the three villains?

This is an important list about the heroes who appear in the movie. 


This is an important list about the villains who appear in the movie. 


This is a list about the villains who were unmasked in the movie. 


This is a gallery of following photos from an untitled live action movie. 

Princess Tatiana of Greece and Denmark

Princess Tatiana of Greece and Denmark ("née" Tatiana Ellinka Blatnik, 27 August 1980) is a Venezuelan publicist, event planner, and writer. She is a member of the former Greek royal family and the Danish royal family as the wife of Prince Nikolaos, son of Constantine II, who reigned as King of Greece until the monarchy was abolished in 1973. She worked as a publicist and event planner for Diane von Fürstenberg and, in 2016, published the cookbook "A Taste of Greece".

Title

25 August 2010 Her Royal Highness Princess Tatiana of Greece and Denmark

Honor

Greek Royal Family: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Olga and Sophia (25 August 2010)

Prince Nikolaos of Greece and Denmark

Prince Nikolaos of Greece and Denmark (Greek: Νικόλαος; born 1 October 1969) is the third child of Constantine II (1940–2023) and Anne-Marie of Denmark, who were the last King and Queen of Greece, from 1964 to 1973.

Nikolaos was born at Casa di Cura Privata Nuova Villa Claudia in Rome, Italy, on October 1, 1969. He is the first royal child to be born in hospital from Constantine II of Greece and Anne-Marie of Denmark. His family had been living in exile since December 1967. His father was deposed in 1973 and the monarchy abolished on December 8, 1974.



Princess Maria-Olympia of Greece and Denmark

Princess Maria-Olympia of Greece and Denmark (born 25 July 1996) is a fashion model, socialite and member of the non-reigning Greek royal family. She is the oldest child and only daughter of Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece, and his wife, Marie-Chantal Miller. Her paternal grandparents are Constantine II of Greece and Anne-Marie of Denmark, who were the last King and Queen of the Hellenes, while her maternal grandfather is duty free entrepreneur Robert Warren Miller.

Princess Maria-Olympia of Greece and Denmark was born on 25 July 1996 at Weill Cornell Medical Center in New York City to Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece, and his wife, Marie-Chantal. She was baptized in the Greek Orthodox Church by Patriarch Bartholomew I of Constantinople at the Church of St. George in Istanbul, Turkey, on 22 December 1996. Her godparents are her paternal aunt Princess Alexia of Greece and Denmark, her maternal aunt Pia Getty, her grandfather's second cousin Charles III, and Prince Michael of Greece and Denmark. Her family relocated to London, where she spent most of her childhood. She is the older sister of Prince Constantine-Alexios, Prince Achileas-Andreas, Prince Odysseas Kimon, and Prince Aristidis-Stavros.

The princess herself uses the name "Olympia" in everyday life.

She studied art history, theatre, photography, and graphic design while in boarding school in Switzerland with hopes of pursuing a career in art or fashion. She interned in Dior's couture department, at the age of 17.

In 2016, Maria-Olympia studied photography at Parsons School of Design in New York. It was reported that she was romantically involved with her godfather's son Prince Harry, but a senior official representative of the British Royal Family denied the rumors. In April 2016, Maria-Olympia posed alongside two of her first cousins, Isabel Getty and Princess Talita von Fürstenberg in a "Vanity Fair" feature. As of 2021 she is in a relationship with Peregrine Pearson, the son and heir of Michael Pearson, 4th Viscount Cowdray.

She revealed she has dyslexia in an interview with "Tatler".

Maria-Olympia registered at college in New York in the fall of 2015. In 2019 she completed her studies with a degree from New York University's Gallatin School of Individualized Study in Fashion Business and Marketing.



Princess Alexia of Greece and Denmark

Princess Alexia of Greece and Denmark (; born 10 July 1965) is the eldest child of King Constantine II of Greece and Anne-Marie of Denmark, who were King and Queen of Greece from 1964 until the abolition of the monarchy in 1973. She was heiress presumptive to the Greek throne from her birth in 1965 until the birth of her brother Crown Prince Pavlos in 1967.

Alexia was born on 10 July 1965 at Mon Repos, a villa on the Greek island of Corfu used at the time as a summer residence by the Greek royal family. She was the first child born to the then King Constantine II and Queen Anne-Marie of the Hellenes. At the time of her birth, her father was King of Greece, her grandfather was King of Denmark, and her great-grandfather was King of Sweden. 

As the monarch's only child, between her own birth and the birth on 20 May 1967 of her brother Pavlos, Alexia was heir presumptive to the throne of the Hellenes, then an existing monarchy. The Greek Constitution of 1952 had changed Greece's order of succession to the throne from Salic law to male-preference primogeniture.

Alexia grew up in exile and was raised in between Rome and London. Before her education at the Hellenic College of London, she attended the Miss Surtee’s School for Boys and Girls in Rome, Italy. After Hellenic College, she went to the Froebel College of the Roehampton Institute, a division of the University of Surrey, in 1985 and took a BA in History and Education in 1988.
In 1989, she achieved a Post Graduate Certificate of Education and became a primary school teacher in the inner city area of Southwark in London between 1989 and 1992 before moving to Barcelona where she became a teacher of children with developmental disabilities.

On 9 July 1999, Alexia married Carlos Javier Morales Quintana, an architect and a champion yachtsman, at St. Sophia Cathedral, London. The princess wore a gown by the Austrian designer Inge Sprawson. Her attendants were her sister Princess Theodora, her niece Princess Maria-Olympia, and Princess Mafalda, daughter of Kyril, Prince of Preslav, a son of former King Simeon of Bulgaria. 

The couple have four children: 


Alexia and her family now live in her husband's homeland, at Puerto Calero marina, Yaiza, Lanzarote in the Canary Islands, in a house designed by her husband.



Halo effect

The halo effect is the effect where one quality about something or someone can affect the overall judgment of that thing or person by someone else. It is a cognitive bias in the field of psychology. It is also sometimes called the halo error. 

The halo effect was first introduced in 1920 by Edward Thorndike. It was used to describe how thoughts about one part of something can change how other parts of that thing are seen. An example is how good someone looks can make people think that the person is good at other things just because they look good. When the halo effect is talked about it is mostly used to talk about how it affects people, but it can be used for things like companies or people of a country 

The halo effect is seen in many different ways. One way it is seen is for trust. People that are better looking are seen as easier to trust. Another way it is seen is with personality. If someone has a bad personality then other things about them start to seem bad. In one study there was a college instructor who spoke English with a European accent. He did an interview with two different groups. In one of them he was friendly and in the other one he was not friendly. The group that he was friendly to said good things about him like saying his appearance and accent was good. The group that he was not friendly to said bad things like his appearance and accent were not things they liked. Interestingly, the group that did not like the instructor thought they didn't like him because of things like appearance and accent. 

The halo effect can affect politics too. People that are seen as more attractive are also seen as smarter when it comes to politics. They are also seen as more persuasive. People are likely to find attractive people to ask about politics. Also, attractive people are more likely to try to persuade people about politics even if they do not know much about it.

Another way the halo effect is seen is in academia. Students that are seen as more attractive are also seen as more intelligent. People also think that students who are more attractive do better in their studies. This can affect the education of students because of the pygmalion effect. The attractive students would get better things and do better in their studies just because they are attractive. This can also affect jobs. Studies have shown that people are more likely to hire an attractive candidate for a job over an unattractive candidate. This is because of the halo effect. The people that are hiring think that the more attractive people will be better at the jobs just because of their appearance. 

Halo effect is also seen with criminals. Criminals that are more attractive are more likely to get less punishment for crimes than criminals that are seen as unattractive. They were less likely to be arrested or convicted. 

Attractive people were also shown to be more successful in influencing others. One study had children try to influence their classmates. They were offered money as a reward so that they would try their best. The attractive males and females were most successful when it came to trying to influence people of the opposite gender. The unattractive males were most succesful when it came to influencing their own gender. 

One study also found that unattractive people were seen as more likely to do bad things that break the rules. Similarly, attractive people were more likely to break the rules to do good things. 

Some people believe there are problems with the halo effect. As an example, one study suggests that the halo effect is not found everywhere. The study says that sometimes people think the halo effect is affecting something when it is not. This is known as illusory halo. Another study suggested that the halo effect can affect times where a student has to give a review of a teacher. The students may rate the teacher badly because of things that are unrelated. However, it says that even if the halo effect is there it does not make the review meaningless.

Another study suggested that the halo effect can support information that is not in the best interest of science. The study used the example of how people that review scientific journals will give better ratings if they belong to the same field of study. This would have the bad effect of not supporting the best quality information. 

Omonoimi no Kami

Omonoiminokami (大物忌神) is a god who is said to reside on Mount Chōkai in Yamagata Prefecture . There are shrines that enshrine Omonoiminokami in various places in the Tohoku region, including Chokaisan Ōmonoimi Shrine on the summit of Mount Chōkai, and Chōkai gassan ryōsho-gu.

Mount Chōkai is in the northern area of Yamato sovereignty. The people there believed that Daimotsui no kami protected their nation and purified . The mountain is a volcano, and there have been eruptions in the past.

Omonoimimi no kami is considered to be the same deity as Uka no mitama, Toyouke no Okami, Oimimi no kami, and Hirose no kami. According to the shrine tradition of Chokaisan Daimotsui-jinja Shrine, it is the same deity as Toyouke Omikami of Jingu Geku.

Chokai Gassan Ryoshonomiya enshrines Kurinama no Mikoto as the deity of Mt. Chokai.

According to legend, a three legged crow, a sacred crow, was sent to observe the evil deeds of a being with long arms. The raven would make a sound of "Yes" to signal the appearance of the being and "Muya" when it did not appear. This is said to be why the Misaki Pass at the base of the mountain is called "Yuyamuya no Seki".
Every time Mount Chōkai erupted his rank increased

Kotoshironushi

, is a deity worshipped in the Shinto religion. The deity is also known as .

According to the "Kojiki", Kotoshironushi is the son of Ōkuninushi, who is the earthly deity of Izumo province in Japan. When the heavenly deities sent Takemikazuchi to conquer Izumo, Ōkuninushi left the decision of whether to resist to his two sons. Kotoshironushi, who was fishing at the time of Takemikizuchi's arrival, agreed to accept the rule of the heavenly gods, surrendered his spear, and left Izumo. On the other hand, his brother Takeminakata fought against Takemikazuchi and was defeated.
Kotoshironushi is considered the main deity of the Asuka Shrine and is linked to Ebisu, another Shinto god. In Japanese mythology, Kotoshironushi served as an advisor to Empress Jingū during her invasion of Korea. He was also one of the eight deities responsible for protecting the Imperial Court. He is also known as the father of Himetataraisuzu-hime, who became the wife of Emperor Jimmu.

Media conglomerate

A media conglomerate, media group, or media institution is a company that owns numerous companies involved in mass media enterprises, such as music, television, radio, publishing, motion pictures, theme parks, or the Internet. According to the magazine "The Nation", "Media conglomerates strive for policies that facilitate their control of the markets around the world."


Out of Touch

"Out of Touch" is a 1984 song by Hall & Oates and taken from their 12th studio album "Big Bam Boom". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 5 in Canada, number 11 in Australia, number 15 in Germany, number 18 in Belgium, number 20 in Sweden, number 27 in New Zealand, number 33 in the Netherlands and number 48 in the United Kingdom. It was covered by dance act Uniting Nations in 2005.

US 7-inch vinyl single

US 12-inch vinyl single

UK 12-inch vinyl single

Sorrento Moon (I Remember)

"Sorrento Moon (I Remember)" is a 1995 song by Australian singer Tina Arena and is the second single from her second studio album "Don't Ask". It went to number 7 in Australia and Austria, number 16 in New Zealand, number 22 in the United Kingdom and number 23 in Scotland.




Murder of Conrad and Ricky Morales

Conrad Anthony Morales (June 10, 1992 August 23, 2005) and Ricky Carlos Morales (October 10, 1994December 25, 2005), were two American murder victims who were brothers were murdered by Raul and Cathy Sarnana, their uncle and aunt. Conrad and Ricky Morales died four months apart of each other. Raul and Cathy Sarnana have been trialed and convicted of the murders of their nephews, Conrad and Ricky Morales. They have been sentenced to death after their trial and conviction.

Matsuri float

A Matsuri float, also known as a dashi or sansha, is a type of float that is either pulled or carried during a festival in Japan. It is a general term used to refer to any float that is used for this purpose.

Dashi are one of three large structures at Japanese festivals alongside Yatai, and Mikoshi.

The terminology used for Matsuri floats can be inconsistent and varies by region in Japan. Some of the most common names used for these floats include Kasaboko, Danjiri, Yamahoko, Yamakasa, and Hikimono. Furthermore, Dashi and Yatai floats are sometimes called hikiyama and yama.

Dashi floats (山車) are an important component of Japanese festivals, and were originally designed to look like mountains. This reflects the concept of Mountain worship, where people believed that spirits resided in the mountains. The spears and swords that adorn the tops of the dashi serve as markers for these divine spirits, and people ride on top of the dashi to help welcome the gods. Dashi have wheels and are pulled by people, and can carry passengers as well.

Mikoshi is used to carry kami in a procession called Shinko-shiki. People carry the Mikoshi on their shoulders, while dashi is pulled by people. People are not allowed to ride on a mikoshi because it is only for gods..

Dashi floats can be seen in many festivals in Japan, such as the Takayama Matsuri in Gifu Prefecture and the Kanda Matsuri in Tokyo. During the Takayama Matsuri, ten dashi floats go through the city in the day and at night. The Kanda Matsuri has both dashi floats and mikoshi, with people wearing traditional clothes walking through the streets.




Wervicq-Sud

Wervicq-Sud (; ) is a commune in the Nord in north France and is near the France-Belgium border. In 2019, 5,353 people lived there.


Yatsurugi Shrine

Yatsurugi-jinja (八劔神社) is a Shinto shrine famous for its underwater Shinko-shiki. It has floating that are carried by people across the water in a parade.

Shintai

Shintai is a word used in Shinto to refer to an object that a kami resides in.

Examples include

A yorishiro is something which is invited to have a kami enter but does not yet have one in it.

In recent times a 700 year old tree was going to be cut down for a rail line. The people protested because they believed a kami lived inside it. So the city built a train station around it.

1987–88 Austrian Cup

The 1987-88 Austrian Cup was the national cup competition in Austrian football. SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions. 
First round with teams from the first and second league.

Gottfried Angerer – Franz Miesbauer, Slobodan Batričević, Hannes Neumayer, Peter Netuschill, Erwin Höld (78. Erwin Wolf), Johann Drabek (88. Thomas Pirkner), Franz Weber, Thomas Janeschitz, Nedeljko Milosavljević, Ronald Otto
<br>coach: Ernst Weber 

Tomislav Ivković – Ivica Kalinić, Bruno Pezzey (63. Christian Peintinger), Robert Wazinger, Manfred Linzmaier, Alfred Hörtnagl, Rudolf Steinbauer, Andreas Spielmann, Heinz Peischl, Peter Pacult, Rupert Marko<br> coach:Ernst Happel

Tomislav Ivković – Bruno Pezzey, Michael Streiter, Robert Wazinger, Rudolf Steinbauer, Andreas Spielmann, Heinz Peischl (35. Alfred Hörtnagl), Hansi Müller, Manfred Linzmaier, Peter Pacult, Rupert Marko <br>coach:Ernst Happel
Gottfried Angerer – Hannes Neumayer, Franz Miesbauer, Slobodan Batričević, Erwin Wolf, Franz Weber, Peter Netuschill, Johann Drabek, Ronald Otto (85. Helmut Hofmann), Nedeljko Milosavljević, Thomas Janeschitz<br> coach: Ernst Weber

L.A. Doctors

L.A. Doctors is an American medical drama television series that aired on CBS from 21 September, 1998 to 10 May, 1999 for one season and 24 episodes. It replaced "Brooklyn South" after its cancellation in May 1998. It starred Ken Olin, Matt Craven, Rick Roberts, Sheryl Lee and Deirdre O'Connell. The series won the 1999 People's Choice Award for Best New Drama.


Henry Huggins (book)

Henry Huggins is the first book in the Henry Huggins book series by author Beverly Cleary. It was published in 1950. The book follows the adventures of Henry Huggins, a third-grade boy who thinks nothing interesting ever happens to him until he meets his dog, Ribsy. There are six books in the Henry Huggins series. They are "Henry Huggins", "Henry and Beezus", "Henry and Ribsy", "Henry and the Paper Route", "Henry and the Clubhouse", and "Ribsy".

West-Cappel

West-Cappel (; ) is a commune in the Nord in northern France.


Diary of a Wimpy Kid (2021 movie)

The Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a 2021 movie. It is based on the novel of the same name written by Jeff Kinney.

Kremser SC

The Kremser Sportclub is an Austrian football club from the city of Krems in Lower Austria. They play in the Regionalliga Ost. The club colors are black and white.
The club was founded on 24 August 1919 as 1. Kremser Sport-Club with the club colors black and white. In 1924 the club was given the name Kremser Sport Club.

In 1930 Kremser SC was winning the Austrian amateur championship. In 1954 the club was promoted to the Staatsliga B for the first time and in 1956 to Staatsliga A, then the highest league in Austrian football. After the dissolution of the Staatsliga B Krems stayed in the Regionalliga Ost (then second highest league) until 1974, before it went back to the Landesliga Niederösterreich. From 1977 to 1980 they played again in the 2nd division of the Bundesliga, but were then relegated to the Landesliga. 1983 they returned to the second level.

In the 1987/88 season the club reached the cup final . They played 2-0 and 1-3 against FC Swarovski Tirol an won the cup on the away goals rule. In 1989 with the fourth place in the promotion play-off they reached the Bundesliga. They stayed there till 1992. After relegation from the 1st Bundesligabthey were relegated step by step in the 1st Lower Austrian Landesliga. In the 2021-22 season they finished 2nd. In the relegation game against Wiener SV Donau on 25 June 2022, promotion to third division was realized.

New Killer Star

"New Killer Star" is a 2003 song by David Bowie and is the leading single from his 24th studio album "Reality". The music video features lenticular images throughout.




Nu'u

In Polynesian mythology from Hawaii, Nu'u was a man who built an ark with which he escaped a Great Flood.


Eyes of the Heart (movie)

Eyes of the Heart is a 1920 American crime drama movie directed by Paul Powell and was based on the story "Blindness" by Dana Burnet. It stars Mary Miles Minter, Edmund Burns, Loyola O'Connor, F. A. Turner and Lucien Littlefield. It was distributed by Realart Pictures Corporation.


I Saw the Light (Todd Rundgren song)

"I Saw the Light" is a 1972 song by Todd Rundgren and is the opening track from his third studio album "Something/Anything?". It went to number 15 in Canada, number 16 in the United States, number 21 in Australia and number 36 in the United Kingdom.

2011 United Kingdom census

A census of the population of the United Kingdom is taken every ten years. The 2011 census was held in all countries of the UK on 27 March 2011. It was the first UK census which could be completed online. The Office for National Statistics is responsible for the census in England and Wales, the General Register Office for Scotland is responsible in Scotland, and the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency is responsible in Northern Ireland.

The 2011 census for England and Wales included around 25 million households. Forms were posted out to all households, using a national address register compiled by the Office for National Statistics with the help of local authorities. Lockheed Martin was awarded the contract to provide services for the census: printing, a contact centre and data capture and processing. The contract was for £150 million, about one third of the total £482 million cost. Some people called for a boycott of the census over the involvement of Lockheed Martin, but as the Census is used to distribute money to local services a council may lose £22,000 over 10 years for each person who does not complete it.

35,000 people were employed to help collect the forms.

There were 56 questions. Several were new. It asked immigrants their date of arrival and how long they intended to stay in the UK. There were tick boxes for same-sex civil partnerships. National identity included English and Welsh. Ethnicity included Gypsy or Irish Traveller and Arab. People were asked how well they could speak English. There was a question about the number of bedrooms a household has, as well as the names, gender and birth dates of any overnight guests.

The questions in Scotland and Northern Ireland were slightly different from those in England.

Couldn't I Just Tell You

"Couldn't I Juest Tell You" is a 1972 song by Todd Rundgren and taken from his third studio album "Something/Anything?". It went to number 93 in the United States.

Solre-le-Château

Solre-le-Château () is a commune in the Nord in north France. The river Solre flows through the commune. In 2019, 1,780 people lived there.


Sin-le-Noble

Sin-le-Noble (; ) is a commune in the Nord in northern France. In 2019, 15,428 people lived there.


Pierre Lacotte

Pierre Lacotte (4 April 1932 – 10 April 2023) was a French ballet dancer, choreographer (dance designer), teacher, and company director. He specialised in the reconstruction of lost choreographies of romantic ballets. He died on 10 April 2023, six days after his 91st birthday.

List of India ODI cricketers

This is a list of cricketers who play One Day International for India.

The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by last name at the time of debut. The statistics in this table only include ODI matches played for India (some players have also played for the Asia XI or World XI).

Notes:


University of Indianapolis

The University of Indianapolis (UIndy) is a private university working together with the United Methodist Church in Indianapolis, Indiana. It has Associate, Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctoral degrees. It was made in 1902 as Indiana Central University and was changed and more known as Indiana Central College from 1921 to 1975. The name was changed to University of Indianapolis in 1986.

Yaoyorozu no Kami

Yaoyorozu no Kami (八百万の神, "Eight Million Gods") are gods belonging to the Shinto religion. The phrase "eight million gods" in Shinto religion doesn't mean there are exactly 8 million gods. It means there are too many gods to count. At the time infinity wasn't a known concept. And 8 is a lucky number in Buddhism

This doctrine says there are countless Kami, including those that control natural phenomena such as the ocean, mountains, and wind, as well as those that are closely linked to human life. Ancestors and influential figures who have achieved great things for their communities are also respected as "Kami." Many Shinto customs and stories were documented in Kojiki and Nihon shoki, written records from the Nara Period..

All things, including the Gods, humans, and objects, come from , the first and supreme God. Ame-no-Minakanushi is the source of the universe and life, and is considered the principle of life. Life is at the center of both universal and human doctrines because everything originates from this supreme life. The nature of life is to expand itself. 

Some of the 8 million kami are tutelary deities, but most kami do not receive any worship.

Shinto believes in multiple gods and acknowledges that Kami are present in everything, such as weather, geography, and landscape. Yaoyorozu no Kami describes the numerous gods that exist in the world. These gods are often depicted as having human-like qualities and forms. They are believed to be protector deities that can bring blessings or harm to humans. They are also called "guardian gods" that provide blessings to people, but they can also torture or harass humans. This dual nature of Kami makes them both revered and feared..

The concept that all things are manifestations of the divine in Shinto has resulted in the integration of foreign deities into the religion. As a result, Shinto has incorporated Buddhist and Confucian elements, over time..

Marie Kondo has applied it to organizing

Tetromino

A tetromino is a shape made up of four squares directly connected to each other by their edges.

If one considers a tetromino that has been moved (translated), turned (rotated) or flipped (reflected) to be the same shape, there are five distinct tetrominoes. These are known as free tetrominoes.

Tetrominoes are well known for being the game pieces used in the video game "Tetris", which was created by Alexey Pajitnov. "Tetris" uses one-sided tetrominoes, which can be translated and rotated but not reflected. This makes for a total of seven tetrominoes.

Miraculous Medal

A 'Miraculous Medal' is a medal with Mary(mother of Jesus) on the front while crushing a serpent(representation of the devil). She is represented with rays from her hands that are the symbol of the graces that the Blessed Virgin obtains for those who ask them of her. On the back is an M with a cross going through it and the two hearts of Jesus and of the Virgin Mary. The design of this sacred medal was originated by saint Catherine Labouré following the apparitions of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Paris, France. With the approval of the Catholic Church, the first medals were made in 1832 and distributed in Paris with a great diffusion also abroad in the subsequent years.

To the Miraculous Medal are associated many graces. It is very popular and worn around the world.

The feast of Our Lady of the Miraculous Medal is celebrated on November 27 of each year. 

https://www.chapellenotredamedelamedaillemiraculeuse.com/langues/english/apparitions-et-la-medaille-miraculeuse-gb/ 

Zhangixalus schlegelii

The Japanese flying frog, Schlegel's green tree frog, Schlegel's flying frog, or Schlegel's tree frog ("Zhangixalus schlegelii") is a frog. It lives in Japan. It lives on three of Japan's large islands, Honshu, Shikoku, Kyushu, and on the smaller Ryukyu Island.

The adult male frog is about 32-43 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 43-53 mm long. It has vomerine teeth in its jaw. This frog lives in rice fields and marshes in low places or near the low parts of mountains.

List of Australia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Australian Twenty20 International cricketers.

"Statistics are correct as of 5 November 2022."

Rosa Wurtzer

Rosa Wurzer or Wurtzer of Uniontown, Washington, was a woman who sat in a Washington prison and later in a mental hospital for drowning her six children. 

Wurtzer drowned them in a well on February 23, 1901. She was likely suffering from a mental illness which likely begun shortly before her husband died. She got inspired about a book which likely led her to murder them. 

Wurtzer admitted to the crime and was summoned before a superior court where she had no remorse. Because she claimed that her children were "Now in heaven and safe out of this wicked world." Two physicians who examined her body had came to the conclusion that she was mentally insane and was suffering from religious melancholia. She was then sent to a mental hospital. 

When her husband Joseph Wurtzer, who worked by doing masonry and who died two years before the murders of his six children was alive, he told a fellow traveler that his wife was without a doubt crazy. 
When her husband died, her mental illness worsened.

Sukhoi Su-57

The Su-57 is a fifth-generation stealth fighter aircraft developed by Russia's Sukhoi Company. It features advanced avionics, maneuverability, and weapons systems, including air-to-air missiles, air-to-ground missiles, and guided bombs. The aircraft is designed to excel in both air-to-air and air-to-ground combat scenarios and is intended to be the cornerstone of the Russian Air Force's fighter fleet. The Su-57 has been in development since 2002 and has undergone extensive testing, with production expected to ramp up in the coming years.

Shugendō

Shugendō is a religion that originated in Japan during the Nara Period. It combines beliefs, philosophies, doctrines, and ritual systems from local folk religions, Shinto mountain worship, and Buddhism. Shugendō is a highly syncretic religion and is considered a body of ascetic practices. The goal of Shugendō is for practitioners to find supernatural power and save themselves and others by conducting religious training while walking through steep mountain ranges. Those who practice Shugendō are called Shugenja or Yamabushi, which means "Mountain Prostrator". The practice of Shugendō takes place on mountains all over Japan, including various mountains in the Ōmine mountain range, such as Mount Hakkyō and Mount Ōmine. 

The Shugendō worldview incorporates a vast array of deities, including figures from both Buddhism and Shintoism. Two significant figures are the tantric Buddhist deities of Fudō Myōō and Dainichi Nyorai. Gongen is another essential figure in Shugendō, referring to the manifestation of Buddhas as Japanese Kami. One of the most significant Gongen in Shugendō is Zaō Gongen.. 



Yatagarasu

Yatagarasu is usually shown as a bird with three legs, and its picture has been passed down for many years.. Its name comes from the words "八咫烏," which means "eight-span crow" in Japanese. The number eight means a large lucky number in Japanese culture as in the phrase Yaoyorozu no Kami or eight million gods. So this means large wingspan crow

In Shinto beliefs, when the great bird is seen, it is a sign of divine intervention in human affairs or the will of Heaven. The crow's guidance is regarded as a blessing and a good omen.



Mahina (mythology)

In Polynesian mythology (specifically: Hawaii), Mahina is a goddess of the Moon. She is the mother of Hema.

Mikoshi

A mikoshi is a special type of portable shrine that is considered sacred in the Shinto religion in Japan. It is used to carry a deity during festivals or when moving to a new shrine. It looks like a small building with walls, pillars, a roof, a veranda, and a railing.

In Japanese, "o-" (お) is often added to the front to make the word "omikoshi" (お神輿). This prefix is used to show respect or politeness, and is commonly added to words that are considered important or sacred.
Moving a kami with one in a festival is called Shinko-shiki. Omikoshi are common in parades alongside Matsuri floats




Sorei

Sorei is a Japanese word that means "Founder/Ancestor/Antecedent Spirit". It refers to the spirits of ancestors who have been the subject of special memorial services that are held at fixed times after their death. The specific dates and frequencies of these services vary throughout Japan.. Some suitable occasions for these services are 33 and 50 years after the death of the ancestor.

There is a belief that the memorial services cause the ancestral spirit to gradually lose its individuality and eventually become a part of the collective sorei. However, in some regions, people believe that these services are simply meant to dispose or pacify the ancestral spirit.

According to the folklorist Yanagita Kunio, the rituals and beliefs surrounding sorei suggest that ancestors can become protectors or kami. Many scholars disagree. The Japanese word for the departed soul, hotoke, can also mean Buddha.



Komagata Shrine

Komagata Shrine is a shrine situated in Iwate Prefecture. It has a head office in Mizusawa Nakaueno-cho, Oshu City, and an inner shrine located at the summit of Mt. Shikinaisha. It is a beppyo shrine under the Association of Shinto Shrines.

It is the ichinomiya of Rikuchū Province

Mizuwakasu Shrine

Mizuwakasu Shrine is a Shinto shrine located in Oki District, Shimane. It is a Myojin Taisha. It is also the Ichinomiya Oki Province or the highest ranked shrine in the province.. It is now a Beppyo shrine . The crest of the shrine has a chrysanthemum symbol".

Yurahime Shrine also claims to be the Ichinomiya of Oki Province

Ani Shrine

Ani Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Okayama, Okayama. It is now a Beppyo shrine . 

Joseph Henry Loveless

Joseph Henry Loveless (3 December 1870c. May 1916), was a bootlegger. 
Bones were found in a cave in Idaho. In early January 2020, through DNA from the bones found in a cave in Idaho, those remains were found to be Joseph's. His body had been dismembered and his skull was never found.

Nitta Shrine (Satsumasendai City)

It is on a hill near the Sendai River, and has a good view of the river. It enshrines Ninigi-no-Mikoto.

In 1874, the Imperial Household Ministry identified the tomb located behind the shrine as the Mt. Kawai Mausoleum. It is believed to be the burial site of Ninigi no Mikoto, the Grandfather of Emperor Jimmu 

Nitta Hachimangu is a Hachiman shrine located within this shrine. It is the ichinomiya or first ranked shrine of Satsuma Province.

 is a Sōja shrine. It enshrines all the kami of the shrines in Satsuma Province. This provides a place where people can worship all the kami at once.

It is a subshrine of Nitta Shrine


Hinokuma Shrine

Hinokuma Shrine (also known as Hinokuma Jingu) and Kunikakasu Shrine (also known as Kunikakasu Jingu) are a Shinto shrine complex located in Wakayama, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan. The shrine is officially referred to as "Nichizengu." Its main festival is celebrated annually on September 26. The shrine holds the same rank as the Ise Grand Shrine in the shinkai system. It was previously classified as an imperial shrine of the first rank (kanpei taisha) in the modern system of ranked Shinto shrines and was also the ichinomiya of Kii Province.

The Nichizengū Shrine can be accessed by taking the Wakayama Electric Railway Kishigawa Line and getting off at Nichizengū Station..



Falcon (comics)

Falcon (real name Samuel Thomas "Sam" Wilson) is fictional character and a superhero. He appears in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by Stan Lee and Gene Colan. He first appeared in issue #117 of "Captain America" in September 1969. He is the first African American superhero in mainstream comic books..

Samuel Wilson, or known as his superhero alias "Falcon", uses mechanical wings to fly, defend, and attack. He also has limited telepathic and empathic control over birds. After Steve Rogers retires, Wilson becomes Captain America in "All-New Captain America" #1 (Jan. 2015) and leader of the Avengers.

Wilson as Falcon and Captain America has made several media appearances, including in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where the character is portrayed by Anthony Mackie in the movies "" (2014), "" (2015), "Ant-Man" (2015), "" (2016), "" (2018), "" (2019), the television miniseries "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" (2021), and the upcoming movie as Captain America in "" (2024).

Yasaka Shrine

', also known as ', is a shinto shrine located in the Gion District of Kyoto, Japan. It is the central shrine of Gion worship. It sits at the east end of Fourth Avenue and has various buildings such as gates, a main hall, and a stage. The shrine worships Susanoo as its main deity, along with his partner Kushinadahime on the east and eight other gods known as yahashira no mikogami on the west. These eight gods include Yashimajinumi no kami, Itakeru no kami, Ōyatsuhime no kami, Tsumatsuhime no kami, Ōtoshi no kami, Ukanomitama no kami, Ōyatsuhiko no kami, and Suseribime no mikoto.

The Shrine was first built in 656 and during the early Heian period, it gained support from the Imperial family. In 965, Emperor Murakami ordered the practice of presenting heihaku, or offerings of white cloth, to the guardian kami of Japan to report important events. Initially, these offerings were presented to 16 shrines.; In 991, Emperor Ichijō expanded the list of shrines to which important events were reported to by adding three more shrines to the existing 16 on Emperor Murakami's list. Three years later, in 994, Emperor Ichijō further refined the list by adding Umenomiya Shrine and Gion Shrine.

From 1871 to 1946, Yasaka Shrine was recognized as one of the Kanpei-taisha (officially ranked Imperial shrines), which placed it in the highest tier of government-supported shrines..

In 869, Japan suffered from a severe epidemic, and the Emperor believed it was caused by vengeful spirits. To calm these spirits, a Shinto ritual was performed at Shinsenen, a lake at the Imperial Palace. Representatives used 66 pikes for each of the 66 regions in the country at that time. This ritual was known as goryo-e, and later became an annual event called the Gion Matsuri, associated with the Gion Shrine in Kyoto. Over time, the pikes were decorated and became larger, eventually evolving into the well-known Gion Matsuri yamaboko floats. During the Gion Matsuri festival, the decorated Gion Matsuri yamaboko floats and portable shrines from Yasaka Shrine travel through the main streets of Kyoto to purify them and protect against epidemics and other harm. This festival takes place every July and has gained global recognition.

Yasaka Shrine is a popular destination for people to celebrate traditional Japanese New Year rituals and for cherry blossom viewing in April, as crowds pass through the temple on their way to Maruyama Park. The shrine also hosts lanterns on its stage which display the names of festival sponsors.



Shikinai Taisha

Shikinai Taisha (式内大社) are shrines that are listed in volumes 9 and 10 of the "Engishiki" as Shinto shrines, also known as Shikinaisha, that are ranked as major shrines. There are 492 of these shrines listed. This category includes both the historical shrines and their modern equivalents. However, shrines that are designated as "Myojin Taisha" are not included in this category.

See the category for a list of such Taisha not also listed as Myojin Taisha

Prior to World War II only two shrines were called Taisha: Izumo-taisha and Kumano Taisha, but after the war many historical taishas changed their names back to Taisha. Here is the list of such shrines. Shikinai Taisha are not included because of how large the list would be
There are some shrines which formerly called themselves Taisha but not anymore. All of them were ranked as Kanpei-Taisha or the highest rank in the Shakaku


Izumo Taisha has expressed its concern about other shrines using the title "Taisha" as it goes against the traditional beliefs and values of shrines. According to an article in the Izumo Taisha organ paper 'Yugen', their parent deity, Ogami, is revered as "Oyashiro" and Izumo Taisha is the only shrine that has been inscribed as a "taisha" since the Nara Heian period. In the past, when people spoke of "Taisha", they were referring to Izumo Oyashiro, which was the residence of the Omikami (great god). However, over time, other shrines started using the name "Taisha". Izumo Taisha believes that this goes against the traditional belief in only one god and may cause confusion and misunderstanding among people. They fear that the prayers of their predecessors over many generations may not be conveyed correctly and that the people of today will use their own ways of calling things as they please, which could ultimately damage the virtues of the gods. 


Ōkuninushi

Ōkuninushi is a god in Japanese stories. He is worshipped in Shinto. He is important in Kojiki and Nihon Shoki, two old books about myths. Ōkuninushi is one of the most important gods, along with Amaterasu and Susanoo. He is more important in Izumo Shinto than Ise Shinto. Some stories say Susanoo is Ōkuninushi's ancestor and others say he is his father. In the stories, Ōkuninushi is in charge of the gods who protect the earth. He used to be the ruler of a place called Ashihara no Nakatsukuni. But when the gods in the sky asked him to give up his power, Ōkuninushi agreed and went to a hidden world. He was given that world to rule. Later, Amaterasu's grandson, Ninigi, came to Ashihara no Nakatsukuni to rule it. Ninigi became the first Japanese emperor's ancestor.

Ōkuninushi is associated with the province of Izumo. This region may have been taken over by the Yamato court, and his surrender to the gods of heaven in myth might reflect this. The Fudoki, a gazetteer report of Izumo province from the early 7th century, contains many myths about Ōkuninushi and related deities. He is also featured in the Fudoki of other provinces like Harima. Ōkuninushi is known for having many romantic affairs with goddesses, resulting in the birth of many divine offspring, including the gods Kotoshironushi and Takeminakata.

Ōkuninushi is worshiped in many Shinto shrines across Japan, but the most famous one is the Grand Shrine of Izumo in Shimane. The Izumo Taishakyō group, which is based in this shrine, considers him their central deity. Ōkuninushi was also combined with the Buddhist deity Daikokuten before the Meiji period, when Buddhism and Shinto were blended.




State Shinto

State Shinto was a system of government policy in the Japanese Empire where the government controlled the religion of Shinto and enforced it on the population. This included non-Japanese people in their colonies. This was justified by a theory called Secular Shrine Theory where Shinto shrines were considered secular.

Mountain worship

Mountain worship is the worship of mountains. It exists across many different cultures.

Uyghur

Uyghur can refer to the following

Mani (prophet)

Mani was an Iranian prophet who founded the religion of Manichaeism. He was a painter and that influenced his work such as the Arzhang.

Mani was born in Mesopotamia. He was born in Al-Mada'in, which was part of the Parthian Empire at the time. Mani wrote eight major works, with seven written in Syriac and one written in Middle Persian. He was executed in Gundeshapur.

Princess Désirée, Baroness Silfverschiöld

Princess Désirée, Baroness Silfverschiöld (Désirée Elisabeth Sibylla; born 2 June 1938) is the third child of Prince Gustaf Adolf, Duke of Västerbotten, and Princess Sibylla of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, and granddaughter of King Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden. She is an elder sister of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden.



Princess Christina, Mrs. Magnuson

Princess Christina, Mrs. Magnuson, ("Christina Louise Helena", born 3 August 1943) is the youngest of the four older sisters of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden. She usually uses the name Christina Magnuson.



Inbe clan

The Inbe clan (陰部氏 Inbe-shi) were a strong family in Japan a long time ago, during a time called the Kofun period (250-538 CE) and the Asuka period (538-710 CE). They came from an area called Kibi Province, which is now Okayama Prefecture. They were prominent in their links to religion. 

They claimed descent from Futodama.

The clan started off as low class but gained power due to religious reasons. During the reign of Emperor Kōtoku, the Inbe, along with the Nakatomi and Urabe families, were tasked with supervising the Department of Divinities.

During the Asuka period, the Inbe clan became more prominent and was involved in the political and military affairs of the Yamato court. In 587 CE, the Inbe clan was part of the allied forces that fought against the powerful Soga clan in the Battle of Shigisan. The battle resulted in the defeat of the Soga clan and the Inbe clan's rise in power.

During the 7th century, the Inbe clan had important roles in the Yamato court, including the position of Ō-omi, responsible for managing the court's affairs. In 645 CE, the clan supported Prince Naka no Ōe, who later became Emperor Tenji, in a successful coup against his mother Empress Kōgyoku.

During the Nara period (710-794 CE), the Inbe clan's influence declined, and they were gradually overtaken by the Nakatomi clan and their descendant clan the Fujiwara clan. In 807 their leader wrote the to complain to the Emperor over their exclusion.

They migrated to the east soon after and built the 

The Inbe clan was an influential group in Japan during the Kofun and Asuka periods. They were based in the Kibi Province, and were involved in politics and military affairs. Their legacy is still present in Japanese culture today, as they were responsible for building the Inbe Shrine, an important religious site. The Inbe clan's name can also be found in literary works such as the Man'yōshū. The Japanese government recognizes the Inbe clan as an important historical group, designating them as such in 1967.



Shape of My Heart (Sting song)

"Shape of My Heart" is a 1993 song by Sting and is the fifth single from his fourth studio album "Ten Summoner's Tale". It went to number 10 in Iceland and number 57 in the United Kingdom. It was used in the 1993 movie "Three of Hearts" and in the closing credits to the 1994 movie "". It has become a pop classic long after its release.

Adult Education (song)

"Adult Education" is a 1984 song by Hall & Oates and is the second single from their 1983 album "Rock 'n Soul Part 1". It went to number 7 in the Netherlands, number 8 in the United States, number 9 in Belgium, number 18 in Canada and number 63 in the United Kingdom.

Abelardo

Abelardo is a male name with origins in the Spanish and Portuguese languages. It has been in use for many centuries and has a deep historical and cultural significance. The name comes from the Germanic name Abelard, which translates to "noble strength" or "resolute."


Abey

Abey is a unique and uncommon unisex name that has different meanings across cultures and languages. In Hebrew, it means "my father is joy" and is commonly used for baby boys in Jewish communities. In Arabic, it means "one who is brave and fearless" and is often given to baby boys in Muslim communities. In Sanskrit, it means "fearless" and is believed to bring strength and courage to baby boys in Hindu communities. In African cultures, it means "born during the rainy season" and is seen as a name that brings good luck and prosperity to baby boys. In English, the variation "Abby", is sometimes used as a nickname for the popular name Abigail.


Abia

Abia is a name with Hebrew roots that can be given to both boys and girls. The name has various interpretations and meanings. One common interpretation is "God is my father," which comes from the Hebrew words "ab" and "yah," meaning father and God, respectively. The name Abia is often associated with the biblical figure Abijah, who was a faithful king of Judah. Another interpretation is "my father is Yahweh," and the name is often associated with strength and power. Abia is also used in African and Arabic cultures, where it is associated with joy and happiness, and strength and power, respectively. Overall, the name Abia has a rich history and deep spiritual significance that can inspire and uplift the person who bears it.


Strazeele

Strazeele (; from Flemish; "Strazele" in modern Dutch spelling) is a commune in the Nord in northern France. In 2019, 948 people lived there.


Abiel

Abiel is a name of Hebrew origin with a significant history and significance. The term "Abiel" comes from the two Hebrew words "avi" and "el," which translate to "my father is God." This name has been in use for many centuries and has been bestowed upon numerous famous individuals throughout history.


Abijah

Abijah is a name that has been given to both males and females. This name originates from Hebrew and carries the meaning of "my father is Yahweh" or "Yahweh is my father." The name holds great significance as it has been mentioned multiple times in the Bible throughout history.

Abner

Abner is a Hebrew name that signifies "father of light" or "my father is a light." It has been commonly used by Jewish families for many generations. The name Abner appears multiple times in the Bible and is linked with qualities like bravery, power, and guidance.


Abra

Abra is a unisex name with a rich history and meaning, rooted in Hebrew and Arabic. In Hebrew, Abra means "father of many" or "father of a multitude," while in Arabic, it means "passage" or "crossing." The name is associated with significant figures such as Abraham and Prophet Ibrahim, and it has been used in literature and popular culture. Abra is a distinct and easy-to-pronounce name, making it a great option for parents who want a unique yet straightforward name for their child.


Abraha

Abraha is a name from Ethiopia that has been used for many years and is still commonly used today. It means "father of multitudes" or "father of many nations" and comes from the Amharic language, which is Ethiopia's official language. Abraha is usually given to boys but can also be given to girls.


Abrahim

Abrahim is a name with Arabic roots, derived from the biblical name Abraham in Hebrew. It is a popular name in the Muslim world, often given to boys as a way to show admiration for the prophet Ibrahim. Ibrahim is a revered figure in Islam, known for his unwavering faith in Allah and willingness to sacrifice his son Ismail. The name Abrahim is associated with qualities such as strength, courage, and faith, which are valued in the Islamic faith. In Arabic, the name means "father of many," symbolizing fertility and abundance. It also means "exalted father," reflecting the high regard in which the prophet Ibrahim is held. The name Abrahim is associated with the planet Jupiter, which represents growth, expansion, and abundance.


Abram (name)

Abram is a popular name that has been used for centuries and has Hebrew origins. It means "exalted father" or "father of many" and is popular in many cultures. The name is often associated with qualities such as strength, leadership, and wisdom.


Abril

Abril is a name of Spanish origin that is commonly given to baby girls. It is derived from the Latin word "Aprilis," meaning "to open," and is associated with the spring season, symbolizing new beginnings and growth. 


Absalom

Absalom is a biblical name that means "father of peace" or "my father is peace" in Hebrew. It has been used for centuries despite its association with a tragic figure in the Bible, Absalom, who rebelled against his father, King David. However, the name itself has a positive meaning as it combines two Hebrew words, "ab" and "shalom," meaning "father" and "peace" respectively.


Tokyo Joe (Bryan Ferry song)

"Tokyo Joe" is a 1977 song by Bryan Ferry and is the second single from his fourth studio album "In Your Mind" and the first consisting of original music. The B-side is The Beatles cover "She's Leaving Home".

Amir Reza Masoumi

Amir Reza Masoumi (born 16 September 2004 in Gillan, Iran) is an Iranian wrestler.


Aby (name)

Aby is a name that is similar to Abby, and it is derived from Abigail, which is a name that can be shortened to Abby. Abigail originates from Hebrew and its meaning is "my father's joy" or "source of joy." Aby can also be a nickname for Abraham, which is another Hebrew name meaning "father of many nations."


Ace (name)

Ace is a popular name that has gained popularity in recent times. It is a short and meaningful name with various origins and interpretations. The Latin word "acere," meaning "to be sharp," is one of the common origins of the name Ace, which signifies excellence and success. Parents choosing this name for their child may intend to motivate them to strive for greatness. Another possible origin is the Old English word "ase," which means "unity" or "unity of purpose." This context is associated with teamwork, cooperation, and collaboration, and parents choosing this name may hope to instill a sense of community and cooperation in their child. Additionally, Ace can be a shortened version of other names, such as Aceline, which means "noble," or Acevedo, a Spanish name that translates to "one who comes from a small estate."


Acey

Acey is a name that has gained popularity recently as a unisex name that can be given to both boys and girls. One possible origin of the name Acey is from the Old English word "æsc," which means "ash tree." This interpretation signifies strength, resilience, protection, and healing, making it a reference to the natural world's power. Another origin could be from the Latin word "ace," which means "one" or "unity," emphasizing individuality, uniqueness, and a connection to the idea of oneness and wholeness. Acey can also be seen as a variation of the name Ace, derived from the Latin word "acer," meaning "sharp" or "keen," which implies intelligence, wit, and sharpness of mind.


Acie

Acie is a name that has become more popular in recent years. It can be given to both boys and girls. Acie comes from the Latin word "acere," meaning "sharp" or "keen." Additionally, it is a shortened version of the name acacia, which is a type of tree that has beautiful flowers and strong wood. Acie has been a given name since the early 1900s. It has become increasingly popular over time.


Adair

Adair is a name of Scottish and Irish origin that can be used for both boys and girls. Adair comes from the Gaelic word "adaire," which means "oak tree." In Celtic mythology, the oak tree symbolizes strength, wisdom, and endurance, making Adair a powerful and meaningful name for your baby.


Adalbert

Adalbert is a Germanic name that has been used since the Middle Ages. The name is derived from the Old High German words "adal" meaning "noble" and "beraht" meaning "bright." Adalbert has a rich history and is associated with many notable figures throughout the ages.


Antonio Luna

Antonio Luna is a Filipino General who was known in the Filipino-American war.

Venezuelan bolívar

The currency of Venezuela is the venezuelan Bolívar, It is named after Simón Bolívar.

Portia Mansfield

Portia Mansfield was born on November 19, 1887 in Chicago. She was an American dance educator and choreographer. Her family moved to Florida in 1899. She went to middle school in Winter Park. She went to high school at Miss Morgan's School for Girls in New York City. After that, she went to Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts. Then she took dance classes in Europe.

She operated a dance school in Omaha, Nebraska. In 1913 Charlotte Perry and Portia Mansfield started a dance and art camp in Steamboat Springs Colorado, named Perry Mansfield Performing Arts School & Camp. It became the oldest continuous dance school in the US. In 1994 the camp was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

Ann Bassett

Anne Bassett was a very brave woman with a strong personality and an even fiercer reputation. Queen Anne Bassett was a cattle wrestler. A cattle wrestler steals cattle from other ranchers' herds, rebrand them, and adds them to their herd. 

Queen Anne Bassett was the first white child born in a harsh environment named Browns Peak. “Queen” Anne Bassett was born in 1878 and died in 1956. 

Anne Bassett earned the “Queen” part of her name because, at a young age when her parents did not sell the ranch, there were cattle rustlers that started stealing cattle Anne Bassett's mother took matters into her own hands. She started cattle rustling the cattle barons. When Anne’s mother got too old Anne Bassett took over her place and earned the nickname “Queen Ann”. When Anne was 19, she was running her family's small ranch. One of her struggles as a cattle ranch owner, when she was young, was having to fight against cattle barons. Queen Anne Bassett was said to wear a parted skirt that made it easier to ride her horse with a man's saddle. She was also known as a fearless horsewoman. Anne Bassett was fresh out of Boston finishing school, making her a strange mix of a gunslinger and a refined gentlewoman.

Anne Bassett was a friend of well-known bandits such as Butch Cassidy’s gang.

The Little Mermaid (disambiguation)

The Little Mermaid may refer to:


Takatomi Senge

Baron (Sept 7 1845 - January 3 1918) was a Japanese politician and Shinto priest. 

He was the head priest at the Izumo-taisha shrine, and in 1882 he started a Shinto group called the . Later in 1898, he created the , a political party to represent barons against the wealthier nobility

Senge held many political offices in his life. He was a member of Japan's House of Peers, a group of nobles who were like the British House of Lords. He was also the Governor of Saitama Prefecture from 1894 to 1897, the Governor of Shizuoka Prefecture from 1897 to 1898, the Governor of Tokyo from 1898 to 1908 and the Minister of Justice in 1908. 

Amanotanagao Shrine

Amenota Nagao Shrine (Ame no Tanaga Ojinja, Amanotanaga Ojinja ) is a Shinto shrine in Iki City, Nagasaki Prefecture. It is a Myojin Taisha and the Ichinomiya of Iki Province.

Although people think the Shrine was listed in the "Engishiki Jinmyocho", the evidence supporting this claim is not very convincing.



Yurahime Shrine

Yurahime Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Oki District, Shimane Prefecture. It is a Myojin Taisha. It claims to be the Ichinomiya of Oki Province, but Mizuwakasu Shrine also claims this.

Saikan

Saikan (斎館, "Saikan"), which was previously known as Kezō-in, is a large temple lodging located on the top of Mount Haguro (Haguro-san), one of the Three Mountains of Dewa (Dewa Sanzan) in Yamagata Prefecture, Japan.

There is a long passageway that climbs up the mountain and connects directly to the main temple of the complex. Visitors can enjoy elaborate Gohonbo Bassho-zen meals there. Traditionally, people would climb up 2,466 stone steps on the side of the mountain to reach the temple, but it is now accessible by car or bus as well.

Cripps Mission

The British Government dispatched the Cripps Mission, led by Sir Stanford Cripps, to speak with Indian officials in order to gain their cooperation and commitment for Britain's efforts in World War II.

The Indian leaders were assured that they would be given full self-government after the war.

However, both Congress and Muslim league rejected this proposal for different reasons.
Gandhi did not like the idea of states separated from united India. 
Mr Jinnah did not wish to compromise on the constitution-making process even though he could see the making of Pakistan built into this proposal.

In response to this proposal, a new movement was formed, 'QUIT INDIA', led by Mahatma Gandhi.

Norfolk Tides

The Norfolk Tides are a Minor League Baseball team from Norfolk, Virginia. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Tides are partnered with the Baltimore Orioles, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Orioles.

The team is named "Tides" because Norfolk is located on the Chesapeake Bay.

The Tides play at a stadium called Harbor Park, which opened in 1993. Before playing there, the team played at High Rock Park in 1961 and 1962, Frank D. Lawrence Stadium from 1961 to 1969, and Met Park from 1970 to 1992.


In Salah

In Salah or Aïn Salah (Arabic: ) is a town in southern Algeria, located in the Sahara desert, about away from the capital city, Algiers. The town has more than 22, people living there. It was founded in the 17th century and used to be a trade center for the Tuareg people who moved around. It was an important stopover for caravans carrying goods like salt, gold, and slaves. In Salah became part of France when they colonized Algeria. After Algeria gained independence, In Salah became part of Tamanrasset Province. In January 2015, people protested against a proposed shale gas drilling project because they were concerned about the environment and earthquakes. In Salah is in the middle of the Sahara desert and is surrounded by sand dunes and rocks. The nearest city is Tamanrasset. The town has a hot desert climate, with extremely hot summers and mild winters. It rarely rains in In Salah.

U.S. Route 241

U.S. Route 241 may refer to:

U.S. Route 164

U.S. Route 164 may refer to:

Participatory democracy

Participatory democracy, participant democracy or participative democracy is a form of government in which people participate individually and directly in political decisions and policies that affect their lives, rather than through elected representatives. Elements of direct and representative democracy are combined in this model.

God Save the South

"God Save the South" was the unofficial anthem of the Confederate States of America. The words of the song were written by George H. Miles and the melody was composed by Charles Wolfgang Amadeus Ellerbrock. The song was first published in 1861.

Some people living in the Confederacy thought this song was their anthem, while others preferred "Dixie".

The same composer of this song, Charles Ellerbrock, arranged the melody of Maryland's state song "Maryland, My Maryland".

The song was written because the author wanted to tell soldiers in the civil war that God is with them. The other reason it was written because they were at war with the North, and the author wanted this song to challenge the Union's "Battle Hymn of the Republic", as well as to promote southern nationalism. It was first published in New Orleans, Louisiana, and it was the first song published in the CSA since the Ordinance of Secession.

Starry (drink)

Starry is a lemon lime soda made by PepsiCo. This soda would make its debut on march 23rd, 2022 from the open house market in Boston, New York. Designed to replace Sierra Mist it broke many sales records cementing its new place as PepsiCo's new lemon-lime flavored drink. It primarily competes with Sprite, but also with other brands such as 7 Up.

List of United States Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of American Twenty20 International cricketers.

Zhangixalus viridis

The Okinawa green tree frog, Okinawa aogaeru, Amami aogaeru, Amami green tree frog, or green flying frog ("Zhangixalus viridis") is a type of frog. It lives in Japan, in Okinawa. It lives on three islands, Okinawajima, Iheyajima, and Kumejima.

The adult male frog is about 45-56 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 65-77 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is very green but it can be brown. There are disks on its toes for climbing. The belly is yellow or white in color.

The adult frog makes a bubble foam near the end of the water in a rice paddy, marsh, or other place with water. The male frog sometimes digs a hole for the eggs. When the eggs hatch, the foam turns into liquid. The liquid goes into the paddy or pool, and the tadpoles go with it.

The tadpoles can be 40 mm or even 50 mm long. Tadpoles have a long tail with small spots on it. The young frogs are 17-19 mm long from nose to rear end.

Div and span

Div and span are HTML tags. They are used for changing the style of web pages.

The div tag is a generic block-level element used for associating and grouping together a larger chunk of a web page – usually a section such as a header, footer, the main content, and so on. 

The span tag is an inline element that you use to make a smaller part of content stand out with CSS or JavaScript. You shouldn't nest span unless you thoroughly know what you're doing – but you can put multiple span tags within a block-level element.

For example, to make a certain part of text inside a paragraph red, codice_1 can be used as follows:

VV Brown

V V Brown (born Vanessa Brown; 24 October 1983), is an English recording artist, songwriter, and producer from London. She used to work with Universal's Island Records in the United Kingdom and to EMI's Capitol Records in the United States. Some of Brown's music was used on MTV and on the show "Degrassi".

Komainu

Komainu statues are made to keep away bad spirits. Usually one lion has an open mouth (a) and the other has a closed mouth (un). But this is not always true. Together, they are known as a-un.

A-un is the Japanese pronounciation of aum and together they represent this Buddhist idea.

Komainu statues strongly resemble Chinese guardian lions and were originally from the Tang dynasty in China. Chinese guardian lions are thought to have been inspired by pelts of Asiatic lions and depictions of lions that were brought through trade from the Middle East or India. The lion was a symbol of strength in those countries. As the symbol traveled along the Silkroad, it changed and took on a unique appearance. The first lion statue in India was made around the 3rd century BC and was placed on top of a column by King Ashoka. Later, this tradition arrived in China where it developed into the guardian lion that was later exported to Korea, Japan, and Okinawa.
In the Nara period (710–794), which was similar to the rest of Asia, the pair always had two lions. They were made mostly of wood and were used only indoors until the 14th century. During the Heian period (794–1185), pairs made of wood or metal were used as weights and door-stops. In the Imperial Palace, they were used to support screens or folding screens.

In the early Heian period (ninth century), the tradition of the statue pairs changed, and they started to look different and have different names. One of the statues had an open mouth and was called shishi (獅子, which means 'lion') because it resembled a lion like before. The other statue had a closed mouth, looked more like a dog, and was called komainu or "Goguryeo dog". Sometimes, it even had a single horn on its head. Gradually, the animals returned to being identical except for their mouths and were called komainu.

Komainu have been used outdoors only since the 14th century, despite being ubiquitous at shrines now. In Asia, people believed that lions had the power to repel evil, and for this reason, they were commonly used to guard gates and doors. In Japan, they were installed at the entrance of shrines and temples next to the lion-dog. To protect against Japan's rainy weather, komainu started being carved in stone.

The shīsā (シーサー) are stone animals that guard the gates or roofs of houses in Okinawa. They are close relatives of the shishi and the komainu, and they share the same origin, function, and symbolic meaning. The name "shīsā" is a regional variant of "shishi-san" (獅子さん, lit. 'Mr. Lion') that has been used for centuries.

Foxes are the most common type of statue that guards Inari shrines in Japan. There are around 30,000 Inari shrines in Japan and each one has two fox statues guarding the entrance. The fox statues often have a sūtra roll, key or jewel in their mouth. The fact that sūtras are Buddhist texts shows that the Inari cult has Buddhist origins. The statues do not represent the foxes' bad behavior but rather their magical powers. Sometimes the fox statues are painted white, as white foxes are thought to be messengers of the kami. Kami is sometimes shown as a fox too. Even though it's uncommon to see, the left fox statue is believed to be male and the right one is believed to be female.

The fox statues at Inari shrines sometimes wear red votive bibs. The bibs are similar to bibs worn by Jizo but the meaning is unknown.



Love and Kisses (song)

"Love and Kisses" is a 1990 debut single by Australian singer Dannii Minogue and is the title track from her debut studio album of the same name. It went to number 4 in Australia, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 15 in New Zealand, number 22 in Ireland and number 48 in Belgium.

Australian cassingle

Australian naxi-cassingle

Australian CD single

Australian 7-inch vinyl single

Australian 12-inch vinyl single

Australian 12-inch vinyl "Remix" single

UK 7-inch vinyl single

Japanese 3-inch CD single

Tokoyo

, also known as the , or Taikaikan, is a place in the Shinto religion where nothing changes that is believed to be the world of the gods and ancestral spirits. It is said to be a place of eternal youth where people never age. The location of Tokoyo varies between stories. Sometimes it is underwater, in others underground, and in others in the sky. Interpretations have varied as to whether it is good or bad. There are various stories about Tokoyo in classic texts such as the Kojiki and Nihongi. Motoori Norinaga classified three types of Tokoyo: a world of perpetual darkness, a world of eternal youth, and a world across the sea.

There are many stories about Tokoyo found in classic texts like Kojiki and Nihongi. For example, there is a story about who went to Tokoyo during the reign of Emperor Suinin to help him become immortal. Another story is about a cult that emerged during the reign of Empress Kogyoku, which was dedicated to the god of Tokoyo and was very enthusiastic.

In the story of Urashima Tarō, Tokoyo is linked with a place called Mount Penglai. In the original Chinese text, Mount Penglai is called Horai, but it's also noted that it should be pronounced as Tokoyo-no-kuni.

The asteroid 162173 Ryugu has two fossae named after Tokoyo and Penglai, respectively.


Two bows, two claps, one bow

"Two bows, two claps, one bow" (二礼二拍手一礼) is a ritual people do when they enter Shinto shrines. As the name suggests it involves bowing twice, clapping twice, and then bowing once more.

To show respect for the gods, it is important to follow proper etiquette, with "two bows, two claps, one bow" being the most commonly used method. This ritual has evolved over time and is a reflection of the respect and reverence for the deities.."

While there have been various historical systems, this is the current one that is used now.

This method is widely considered as the standard when visiting shrines However, there may be some local variations depending on the specific shrine.

The practice of "two bows, two claps, one bow" is also sometimes referred to as "2-2-1".

The procedure goes as follows


The practice of "two bows, two claps, one bow" can be traced back to the "Shrine Festival" in 1873, where it was referred to as Over time, different methods were developed and refined, resulting in the current etiquette. In the 40th year of the Meiji era, the "Shrine Rituals and Events Etiquette" was established, which defined the etiquette as "returning, clapping twice, pressing together, praying, praying, clapping twice, and bowing again."

It is widely acknowledged that "two bows, two claps, one bow" is the formal etiquette of worship for the chief priest. This etiquette was developed through the extensive experience and improvements made by the predecessors and is a testament to the reverence and respect for the gods.


Hakushu

Hakushu (拍手) refers to the ceremonial clapping practice in Shinto, also known as "Kashiwade." This form of clapping is quiet and gentle, and unlike western applause.

Its origin is unknown. Some people think it holds a Buddhist meaning where the right hand symbolizes Buddha, and the left hand represents all beings, thus signifying the unity of Buddha and all beings.

Due to Shinbutsu-shūgō the origins of this practice are unclear. Shinto and Buddhism have been together so long that many things could come from either. The origin must be ancient though as it is found in the Wajinden describing the Yayoi rituals.

This tradition can be observed in martial arts like Aikido and Bujinkan today.


Theory of Evil Human Nature

Natural evilness（traditional Chinese:性惡論; simplified Chinese: 性恶论 ）is a view of human nature. It says that human nature tends to be evil, and it is easier to do evil than to do good. It was first proposed by Xunzi against Mencius' Theory of Good Human Nature.

Xunzi says that all human goodness comes from active efforts from humans.

"Human Nature is Evil" is a part of a book written by Xunzi. He was arguing against Mencius about human nature. The term "xing" (性) means "human nature" and refers to the way people are born. Mencius thought that human nature was good. Xunzi disagreed and believed that human nature was evil.

Both believed in human nature and both believed it was possible to become better, but some people refused it. Mencius saw Xing as more related to an ideal state and Xunzi saw it more as a starting state.

Even though Mencius had already died when the book was written, the chapter is written like a conversation between the two philosophers. Xunzi's ideas about becoming a good person were more complex than Mencius's. He believed that people needed to change their nature, not just give up on it. Some people thought Xunzi's ideas were strange, but new discoveries suggest that it might have actually been Mencius who had unusual ideas about human nature.

The chapter is called "Human Nature is Evil," but that's not the whole story. Xunzi thought that people could improve themselves by learning good habits and manners, which he called "artifice." (偽) He believed that people needed to transform their nature to become good. This could be done by learning from a teacher and following rituals and morals.

Even though some people doubt if the chapter is real, it's an important part of Xunzi's philosophy. People still talk about it today and think about the differences between Xunzi and Mencius's ideas about human nature and how to become a better person.

Xunzi believed that nature is inherently bad, which was the first idea about human nature to emerge in Chinese thinking. These writings are the most important ones to understand his beliefs:

Xunzi defines goodness and evilness based on their consequences (order or chaos), rather than based on the motives of human beings. In other words, his theory of evil human nature is a consequentialist theory, where the actual observed consequences determine whether the nature is good or evil.

In Xunzi's theory of evil nature, "Evil" is the natural nature, which happens naturally when people put in no effort. An artifice (偽) is something that can be achieved by learning and working at it. Artifice (偽) has two meanings: one is the aspect of action, that is, human behavior; the other is the aspect of result, the personality cultivated by human behavior. 
He said that human nature is the natural nature or natural nature of human beings in the true sense, and it is the animal nature of human beings. For example, he believes that human nature is born to care about their own interests . Following this human nature, there is only the virtue of fighting for and giving up. will perish, not the essence of man. His theory of evil nature means that when people only obey their natural nature, bad results will be caused, while "goodness" is acquired through learning and hard work. It can be seen that Xunzi is an empiricist who sees the evil of human nature from the theory of consequence.

He said that man-made methods should be used to change the evil results. The nature of Mencius' theory of good nature takes the essential meaning, that is, the difference between human beings and animals, the inner morality of human beings, that is, the four virtues, human beings have the nature of being good, and the internal source of value. And Mencius should not object to the natural nature of man, because this is clearly observed in experience. The definition of evil nature theory is that if people follow the natural nature, it will cause evil results; while goodness is acquired through learning and hard work. The implication is that although the nature of nature is not evil, it is the source of evil effects. It can be seen from the argument given by Xunzi at the beginning of Xing Evil, although Xunzi failed to explain the root of value, but this definition is tenable, because we can correct the problem of the root of value in his theory, such as the root of value is external to man, such as religion.

Xunzi also used a lot of arguments to prove the theory of natural evil in "Xing Evil":


Explaining that goodness can be done by the "false" of the future (teaching culture, etiquette) does not explain why people with "evil nature" can have "human-made goodness", nor can it explain why imitation and etiquette can be produced.

Mou Zongsan, Lao Siguang and other scholars believe that Xunzi’s theory of evil nature has the following problems:

The biggest problem with Xunzi's theory of evil human nature is that it lacks a moral value foundation, and ultimately leads to the development of authoritarianism.

Xunzi only stated that the "heart" can observe reason, that is, it can distinguish between right and wrong, good and evil, but it is not the source of value. So where does the standard come from? According to Xunzi's theory of evil human nature, morality will ultimately become a tool of external value used to maintain social stability and appeal to authoritarianism. Mencius' theory of good human nature, on the other hand, states that humans are inherently good and we have an internal value foundation (the Four Beginnings).

According to , Xunzi's ideas are more aligned with Confucius than Mencius. Confucius believed that people are born with the potential to become good, but they still need to learn and cultivate themselves to reach their full potential. This is different from Mencius' belief that everything necessary for self-improvement is already within oneself.
Xunzi is a great Confucian who believed that people can become good and that the best kind of person is a saint. Some say he is as great as Confucius and Mencius. However, he only observed how people behaved empirically and didn't find where goodness comes from. This is a big problem with his idea that people have the idea of natural evilness. Some people think this happened because he was focusing on Mencius too much. But others believe that when Xunzi said "nature is evil", he meant that people can be good, but also have a tendency to be bad.

According to Buddhism, there is no inherent good or evil in human nature. These qualities are shaped by past karma and habits, like a candle lighting another candle. Mahayana Buddhism believes that everyone has the potential to become a Buddha, which is the basis of all beings' perfection, except for one exception: . Master of the Tiantai school in the Song Dynasty proposed the idea that "Buddha nature is inherently good and is always good in its expression," implying that there is no inherent evil in Buddha nature.

Many western philosophers, such as Machiavelli, Schopenhauer, and Hegel, believed human nature was evil.

Traditions such as liberalism and democracy have often been advocated by people who wanted to keep human nature in check, not by people who thought human nature was good

Schopenhauer said

The will to live is directionless and cannot be measured, making life meaningless, and everything that follows is painful.




Solrinnes

Solrinnes is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Theory of Good Human Nature

Innate goodness is a perspective on human nature that suggests that humans are inherently good and that doing good comes more naturally than doing evil. There are various schools of thought under the theory of innate goodness, including the belief that nature itself is good, as well as the theory of goodness in human nature.

The theory is associated with Mencius and Wang Yangming. It contrasts with Xunzi's Theory of Evil Human Nature.

Mencius believed that everyone had innate compassion. They didn't always act on it but always had potential to act on it.

Wang Yangming pushed it to an even bigger extreme. He said the streets are full of saints.

Mencius believed that human nature is good and made up of benevolence, righteousness, propriety, and wisdom. He regarded the heart as the place where human nature originates and develops, where one can recognize the goodness of one's nature and the brightness of one's inner heart. Mencius was focused on searching for the root and original heart, which is why he is known for his theory of establishing the foundation. Itō Jinsai, a Japanese Confucian thinker from the Edo period, praised and promoted Mencius' theory of the goodness of nature and the four ends of the mind.

The term "xing" (性) means "human nature" and refers to the way people are born. Mencius thought that human nature was good. Xunzi disagreed and believed that human nature was evil.

Both believed in human nature and both believed it was possible to become better, but some people refused it. Mencius saw Xing as more related to an ideal state and Xunzi saw it more as a starting state

Wang Yangming went further and said that Xing could become Li or principle. That human nature could be perfected,

Mencius was an advocate of the idea that humanity was intrinsically good. Xunzi by contrast believed in innate evilness. Some scholars think Mencius actually didn't believe people were intrinsically good but rather that it was in human nature to have a potential to be good
Mencius tried to find the root of human nature. The view of the theory of the goodness of nature and the four endings of the heart was also praised and spread by the Confucian thinker Itō Jinsai of Japan in the Edo period. His writings on the goodness of human nature include statements such as.

Zhu Xi built upon Mencius' theory of natural goodness, but also introduced his own modifications. According to Zhu Xi, 'natural goodness' is inherently good, but human desire for evil arises later in life. See #Rousseau for a similar position

The first sentence of the Three Character Classic, a popular enlightenment book in Zhong Yuan, is "At the beginning of man, nature is good"; this seems to be the view of the common literati and Baixing. The scholar Luo Si-guang believes that the traditional Chinese literati were overly optimistic about human nature and failed to set up various checking power measures as the West did, thus failing to eradicate corrupt officials for thousands of years.。

The streets are full of saints, which is recorded in Wang Yangming's masterpiece " ", which is one of the important philosophical arguments of Yangming's philosophy of mind . Modern translation:

In "Biography and Xilu," there is a brief conversation about Wang Yangming's teaching method with three students: Wang Gen, Dong Yun, and Qian Dehong. He taught them differently based on their abilities. This was different from the Confucian tradition of teaching each student according to their specific needs, which had been in practice since Confucius.

Wang Yangming believes that everyone has a kind heart and the potential to become a saint. He thinks that "the streets are full of saints" is not strange and looks at people from their essence. This belief is consistent with Mencius's theory of "human nature is good" and Chinese folk opinions since the Song Dynasty, such as "human nature is inherently good" in the "San Zi Jing". Wang Yangming also wrote "Ode to Conscience" in simple language, where he says that everyone has a Zhongni in their heart, and they will cover up their confusion by seeing suffering. He thinks that once their sincerity is recognized, they will not doubt their conscience. Wang Yangming thinks that saints are not different from ordinary people; they have the same heart and nature. He believes that "the streets are full of saints" is a generally accepted fact, and it is not unusual.

Wang Yangming believed that education was important. He also made a comparison between "" and "flat land" to emphasize that saints are not better than others and should not be worshipped. As a teacher, one should present oneself as an ordinary person, and sometimes even lower one's posture to be like a "foolish man and a foolish woman" before teaching.

Adam Smith thought that people are inherently good and have a concern for others. This feeling is called sympathy, and it arises when we see or imagine the misfortunes of others. This emotion is not just limited to people with high character, but even villains and those who break the laws of society can still feel it. Smith believed that empathy is a primitive feeling in human nature, and it is essential for creating a good society..' He wrote about this in his book The Theory of Moral Sentiments.

French philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau argued in "Discourse on the Origin and Foundations of Inequality Among Men" that human nature was fundamentally good but chaotic, and if people were taught to respect rules but keep that love then they could create a just society. He strongly believed in innate goodness

The theory of the goodness of human nature is not fully compatible with the Song and Ming traditions of Confucian Psychology (Xinxue, 心學), and it is contrary to the advocates of the theory of the goodness of human nature such as Zhu Xi and Wang Yangming, which has been criticized and opposed by some scholars in the academic world.。　




Keep On Movin' (Five song)

"Keep On Movin'" is a 1999 song by British boy band Five and is the second single from their second studio album "Invincible". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Hungary and Scotland, number 2 in Ireland and Italy, number 5 in the Netherlands, number 6 in Australia, Belgium, Finland and Spain, number 7 in New Zealand, number 9 in Denmark, number 10 in Sweden and number 20 in Ireland.

UK and Australian CD1

UK and Australian CD2

UK cassette single and European CD single

European maxi-CD single

Hitogami

, or "man-god," is a belief in Shinto where humans are worshipped as gods during their lifetime or after their death. The word "Hitogami" comes from the Japanese words "hito," meaning "human," and "kami," meaning "god." In Japan, this belief is also called "ikigami" or "arahitogami," especially when the deity is still alive. The hitogami belief system is distinct from the ujigami belief system in that the latter is centered on the deity's association with a particular family or geographical area. In contrast, the hitogami belief system places more emphasis on individual faith as the foundation for belonging to the group of followers..

People who become human deities include sorcerers, priests, and others who possess special and unusual magical powers, tribal chiefs, kings, and others with superior skills, such as outstanding dancers, soldiers, and others, as well as physically disabled people, Confucian scholars, and foreign aliens who are different from ordinary people. Hitogami are diverse and can be divided into those who are deified during life and those who are worshipped as human deities after death.

In Japan, people worship humans after they die to help resolve any lingering negative feelings. Those who are worshipped during life include head priests, shrine maidens, and masquerading deities in the rituals of the miya-za. The hitogami and ujigami belief systems have interacted for a long time in Japanese history. Examples of the hitogami belief system include the worship of heroes like Hachiman and Tenjin, as well as the enthusiastic singing and dancing of festival processions, and the charismatic leadership of some of Japan's "new religions."

In the past, when societies were more hierarchical, it was typical for members of the ruling class who lost political battles to express their resentment through curses even after they died. They would also offer sacrifices to the gods in order to pacify their grudges..

In Shinto belief, people can act as a yorishiro and are referred to as yorimashi (憑坐, lit. 'possessed person') or kamigakari (神懸り/神憑, lit. 'kami possession').


Worship of the living

Living worship, also known as seishi (生祀) in Japanese or shengci in Chinese, is a cultural practice in East Asia where living people are worshipped. In China, this practice takes place at sheng shrines (Chinese: 生祠, Shengci), where two types of enshrinement occur. The first is the enshrinement of the spirit of a living person who has made a significant contribution. The second type is the enshrinement of one's own spirit.

The practice of living worship became associated with corruption in China after it was used by Wei Zhongxian, and subsequently declined. In Japan, it was most prominent during the period of imperial State Shinto from the late 19th century until 1945, particularly in the worship of the Emperor.

During the time when Reunobu was the prime minister of Yan in the Former Han dynasty, he constructed a shrine called the "Reun Gong Shrine" between the states of Yan and Qi. Similarly, when Shiqing was the prime minister of Qi, the people of Qi built a shrine in his honor called the "Shiqing Shrine". These are considered to be the earliest examples of sheng shrines..

During the Tang dynasty, officials in office faced restrictions when it came to building monuments and shrines. The Tang Rulings and Ordinances stated that anyone who erected shrines or monuments without permission could be penalized with one year of imprisonment..

During the Ming dynasty, peasants in Tengzhou, China built a shrine to commemorate Zhao Bangqing, who was known for his clean politics and was appointed to Yanjing. The shrine was built to honor his memory and achievements.

During the reign of the Tianqi Emperor in the Ming Dynasty, the eunuch Wei Zhongxian had a lot of power and made a sheng shrine for himself. People who wanted to please him or were scared of him were given these shrines too. In 1627, Lu Wanling, a government official, wrote about the famous philosophers Confucius and Chung-Hsien. In the same year, two other officials named Yuan Chonghuan and Yan Mingtai asked the government to praise Wei Zhongxian and build shrines for him. Many shrines were built, costing a lot of money and causing harm to the people. Huang Yun Yasushi even made a statue to honor Wei Zhongxian.

Wei Zhongxian's behavior has been strongly condemned in modern times.

Gu Yanwu expressed his sorrow about the widespread practice of officials building sheng shrines during his time. He observed that every official seemed to be building one, but then after they left their position, they would destroy the statues and change the master of the shrine..

During the Edo period (1603-1868), the practice of seishi became popular, which involved creating one's own spiritual memorial site where their soul would be worshiped after death. One famous example of this is Matsudaira Sadanobu, who established his own seishi at Okuzawa Hachiman-gu in 1797.

During the Edo period in Japan, the practice of seishi, or the establishment of one's own spiritual memorial site, became popular. It was influenced by Edo neo-Confucianism, which was introduced from China, and Yamazaki Ansai was a notable figure who developed rituals for seishi based on Confucian ceremonies. He established his own seishi in 1671 at his home in Kyoto. The practice spread to Shinto and the Hirata school of kokugaku, and each group had their own unique rituals. Seishi were believed to bring longevity in life or enable one to become a god after death, and its origin is traced back to the myth of Amaterasu, who enshrined her divine spirit at Mount Miwa..

Genchi Kato is known for his extensive study of seishi and has identified a total of 670 known seishi. The most recent seishi was established in 1931 at the Nishi-Chogo Shrine in Higashikokura, Hokkaido. The seishi of Emperor Meiji, Empress Shōken, Emperor Taisho, and Empress Teimei were also established in various locations throughout Japan, including Hokkaido, Hiroshima, and Himeji. Emperor Meiji's seishi was established in 1876 in Ishinomaki, Miyagi Prefecture, and again in 1893 at the Yahiko Shrine in Tatsuno, Nagano Prefecture.


Syntheism

Syntheism is a New religious movement that seeks to provide atheists and pantheists with a sense of community and awe that is comparable to what is often found in traditional theistic religions.. The Syntheist Movement sees itself as coming from the philosophers Baruch Spinoza and Alfred North Whitehead's process theology.

Syntheism can be described as a response to the absence of atheistic and pantheistic belief systems in Western cultures, which are more prevalent in Eastern cultures. Many forms of Buddhism are all Eastern belief systems that embody these concepts. Epicureanism is an example of a Western philosophy that does incorporate some of these ideas, but overall they are not as widely represented in Western culture..
The term "Syntheism" was created from the Greek word "syntheos", which combines "syn-" meaning "with" or "creating with" and "-theos" meaning "god". This suggests that the correct way to understand the concept of God is that humans have created, are creating, or will create God. This is different from the traditional monotheistic view that God created the world and humanity.

In addition to The Syntheist Movement, a syntheistic philosophy and approach to religion has also been promoted by American philosopher Ray Kurzweil in his concept of the Singularity that is yet to come. French philosopher Quentin Meillassoux also supports this approach and has proposed the idea that "God is a concept far too important to leave to the religious" in his book After Finitude.

There is a big international Facebook community for Syntheism, which has over 1,500 members. The website of Syntheism has a blog, information about holy festivals, and links to media and other resources. In Sweden, there is a community of over 700 members who have organized various local events..
In October 2014, two Swedish philosophers, Alexander Bard and Jan Söderqvist, wrote a book called "Syntheism - Creating God in the Internet Age". It was the first book to use the term "Syntheism" in its title. In the book, Bard & Söderqvist quoted Stuart Kauffman, Sam Harris, Robert Corrington, and Simon Critchley. They also drew inspiration from various modern phenomena such as digitalisation, globalisation, participatory culture, psychedelic practices, quantum physics, and the science of cosmology to create a syntheist worldview..

Syntheism is a belief system that considers the traditional division between theism and atheism in theology as outdated and no longer relevant for fulfilling contemporary and future spiritual needs. In order to address these needs, Syntheism acknowledges that all metaphysical beliefs ultimately revolve around a man-made focal point or divinity. As a result, all religious beliefs - both existing and those that may emerge in the future - are created by humans. This includes philosophical systems like Individualism, which were developed by thinkers such as René Descartes and Immanuel Kant.).
Despite being created by humans, it is essential that these beliefs are compatible with and supportive of science, rather than in conflict with it. As such, these beliefs should be developed within a monist worldview, which holds that there is only one world, and everything within it can affect everything else.

In a more poetic sense, French philosopher Georges Bataille describes his atheology as "the art of non-knowledge." He advocates for a syntheistic religion without a core set of beliefs, instead emphasizing participatory festivals with utopian themes. Examples of such practices include Burning Man, which are viewed as syntheistic expressions

Some scholars, including Dr. Stephen O'Leary, have expressed concerns about the lack of central leadership and core beliefs within Syntheism, which they believe may lead to its failure as a religion. Additionally, the idea has been criticized for its potential lack of mystery, which is a core element of many traditional religions..

Ame-no-Minakanushi

Ame-no-Minakanushi is a god in Japanese stories. They were one of the earliest gods, who appeared when the world was made. They are also called "Lord of the August Center of Heaven".

According to the Kojiki, Ame-no-Minakanushi was the first deity to emerge in the heavenly realm of Takamagahara after the creation of heaven and earth from the primeval chaos.

In the main narrative of the Nihon Shoki and in many of its variant accounts, the first kami is identified as Kuni-no-Tokotachi, and Ame-no-Minakanushi only appears briefly in one of these variants.

It is unknown whether people actually worshipped him, as there was no direct evidence historically. Some scholars believe the lack of evidence of worship is not enough to say he wasn't worshipped.

In Japan, the Buddhist deity Myōken has been worshiped since the 7th century. During the early modern period, Myōken became associated with the Big Dipper and the northern pole star, which led to its conflation with Ame-no-Minakanushi. When the Meiji government required the separation of Buddhism and Shinto, many shrines dedicated to Myōken became shrines to Ame-no-Minakanushi. Ame-no-Minakanushi was also a patron deity of the , which aimed to fuse Buddhism and Shinto under a state-sponsored initiative after the initial separation policy was deemed too divisive.


Counterparts of Ame-no-Minakanushi in other cultures




Mataura

Mataura is a town in the Southland region of South Island, New Zealand. It has a meat processing plant and until 2000, it had a paper mill. It has a primary school. It is located 13 kilometers southwest of Gore and 53 kilometers northeast of Invercargill on State Highway 1.

Violently Happy

"Violently Happy" is a 1994 song by Icelandic singer Björk and is the fifth single from her debut studio album "Debut". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 15 in Scotland, number 31 in France, number 94 in Australia and number 100 in Germany.

Subway (movie)

Subway is a 1985 French Finnish thriller movie directed by Luc Besson and starring Christopher Lambert, Isabelle Adjani, Richard Bohringer, Michel Galabru, Jean-Hughes Anglade, Jean Bouise, Jean-Pierre Bacri, Jean Reno and Paul Copley. It was distributed by Gaumont.


Check It Out (John Mellencamp song)

"Check It Out" is a 1988 song by John Mellencamp and is the third single from his ninth studio album "The Lonesome Jubilee". It went to number 10 in Canada, number 14 in the United States, number 18 in New Zealand and number 22 in Australia.

Louisville Bats

The Louisville Bats are a Minor League Baseball team from Louisville, Kentucky. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Bats are partnered with the Cincinnati Reds, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Reds.

The team is named "Bats" because Louisville is famous for making a baseball bat called the Louisville Slugger. The team's logo uses a baseball bat and the animal called a bat. Their name was the Louisville Redbirds from 1982 to 1998 and Louisville RiverBats from 1999 to 2001. They became the Bats in 2002.

The Bats played at a stadium called Cardinal Stadium from 1982 to 1999. In 2000, the Bats began to play at a new stadium called Louisville Slugger Field.


100 BC

Year 100 BC was a year in the Pre-Julian Calendar.



Kevin Trapp

Kevin Christian Trapp (, born 8 July 1990) is a German footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt and the Germany national team.

He began his career at 1. FC Kaiserslautern where he played in two Bundesliga seasons. He signed for Eintracht Frankfurt for a fee of €1.5 million in 2012. He played regularly for 3 years, also playing in the UEFA Europa League. He joined Paris Saint-Germain F.C. for €10 million in 2015 where he won many national honors. In 2018, He rejoined Eintracht Frankfurt on loan and then was signed permanently the next season.

Nikkolas Smith

Nikkolas Smith is an activist born in Houston, Texas 1985. Nikkolas Smith is the author of many children's books including, "That Flag", "The Artivist" and "President Austin". Many of Nikkolas Smith's books are involved with black culture.

Danila Bagrov

Danila Sergeevich Bagrov is the leading person in the movies called "Brother" and "Brother-2", directed by Alexei Balabanov. The character is portrayed by Sergei Bodrov Jr. in both films .

Danila Bagrov is a veteran of the First Chechen War and has completed his military service. He was born on August 5, 1975, making him 22 years old in the first film. Danila's fellow soldiers, Kostya and Ilya, think that he is the most skilled fighter among them. However, Danila is modest and doesn't like to boast about his achievements during the war. He often says that he worked as a clerk at the headquarters, but he is actually highly skilled in hand-to-hand combat, mine explosives, and shooting. He is also good at using combat tactics in urban environments and can even make and repair firearms in artisanal conditions. Despite his quirky appearance, Danila is tough on injustice and shows no mercy to his enemies. He enjoys listening to Russian rock bands such as Nautilus Pompilius and DDT, but he dislikes pop music, which he calls "fake" since they didn't listen to it during the war. Film critic Elena Stishova describes him as a "folk hero" and "gentleman thief".

Before joining the Russian army, Danila lived with his retired mother, whose name is unknown. His father, Sergei Platonovich Bagrov, was a repeat offender who died in prison in January 1982. Danila was mostly raised by his older brother Viktor, who served in the Soviet army, as seen from a photo in the family album in the movie "Brother". Viktor Sukhorukov portrays Viktor, who is much loved by Danila and acts as a father figure to him. Unlike Danila, Viktor is outgoing, sociable, and expresses emotions openly. However, Viktor lacks moral integrity and is too frivolous. He is even willing to commit crimes for money. In "Brother 2", Danila mentions their grandfather who died during the Great Patriotic War, but his name is not mentioned.

After being discharged from the army, Danila returns to his hometown where he gets into a fight with a security guard on the set of the music video for the song "Wings" by Nautilus Pompilius. He is arrested by the police but is eventually released. Danila finds life in his hometown boring and decides to go to St. Petersburg, where his older brother Viktor has settled down and is doing well.

Danila soon learns that his older brother Viktor is a hired killer known as Tatar. Viktor involves Danila in his work, sending him to do all the dangerous and illegal tasks. The first task Danila completes is killing a Caucasian man who was a former Chechen militant and the owner of a city market. The man was disliked by the gangsters, and during the ensuing chase, Danila seriously injures one of them. Later, at the request of Viktor, Danila participates in an ambush with two accomplices. However, after completing the task, Danila kills both accomplices in order to save a random witness from being harmed.

Following the betrayal of his brother, Victor, Danila confronts and defeats the bandits, and forgives his brother. With his friends lost and disillusioned with the justice system, Danila decides to leave St. Petersburg and move to Moscow, where he hopes to attend university and become a doctor.

Danila meets with his friends Kostya and Ilya from Chechnya in Moscow. Kostya's twin brother Mitya plays in the NHL, but the money he earns goes to an American businessman who does bad things. Kostya wants to help his brother, so he asks his boss Belkin to talk to the American. But Belkin has his own interests in illegal gambling, and he tells his people to "sort out" Kostya, which leads to them trying to kill him. Danila wants to help and get justice for his friend. Meanwhile, Danila's brother Viktor comes to Moscow to be with him.

Danila learns that the American businessman is behind Kostya's troubles, so he decides to go to America with his brother to find him. To avoid suspicion, they fly on different flights: Victor to Chicago and Danila to New York. Danila befriends a truck driver who helps him get to Chicago, but he can't find his brother and runs out of money. He then meets a Russian prostitute named Dasha who is in trouble and saves her with the help of his weapons. Finally, he tracks down the American and forces him to return all the money owed to the hockey player.

Danila meets with his brother in America but they are chased by the police and Ukrainian mafia. Viktor is captured by the police after a shootout in a restaurant. Danila and Dasha manage to escape the American police and leave the United States by plane. It is unknown what happens to Danila after the events of the second film.

The character created by Sergei Bodrov was very popular with the Russian audience. Despite the fact that Alexei Balabanov treated Danil Bagrov as an object of directorial irony, the audience saw him as a national hero.

In September 2014, the graffiti team from Vitebsk "HoodGraff" painted a portrait of Danila Bagrov on the wall of the transformer box, the creation is located near the Alexander Nevsky Lavra, next to the Prospect Obukhovskoy Oborona stop in St. Petersburg. In 2015, in the Perm club "House of Culture", the artist Vyacheslav Nesterov, working under the pseudonym Slava Triptych, made a huge portrait of Danila Bagrov.

In 2017, according to the results of online voting, Danila Bagrov was recognized as the national superhero of Russia.

In August 2018, Danila Bagrov was parodied in Monetochka's video "90".

In September 2018, the popular video blogger Enjoykin created the music video "Brother", which gained more than one and a half million views in a day after publication and took second place in the top YouTube site.

The teaser for “Brother 3” (in which rapper Ptakha asks an armed man with a beard a question: “Tell me, gypsies, what is the truth?” And receives the answer “In force”) had a wide resonance, and caused almost universal indignation among Runet users: in they saw disrespect for the memory of Alexei Balabanov and Sergei Bodrov Jr. .


The Russian cargo ship Danila Bagrov is named after him.

The sweater worn by Danila Bagrov in the movie was found by Nadezhda Vasilyeva, the costume designer and wife of director Alexei Balabanov, by chance during the filming of the first movie. It became an important part of Danila's image.I went to a second-hand store because we didn't have enough money for costumes. While searching, I found a sweater that cost thirty-five rubles. I realized it was perfect for Bodrov's character, and when I put it on him, everyone thought he looked really cool. We argued for a while, but Bodrov really wanted to wear it, so we convinced Balabanov to buy it. Balabanov agreed, as long as Bodrov wore something waterproof over it. So, Bodrov wore a windbreaker over the sweater. The boys dressed in a similar way for the film. I consider this my biggest achievement in life. Everything else, like costumes and clothing, was secondary .

Literary critic and publicist Viktor Toporov pointed out that there are similarities between two works by director Alexei Balabanov - the short story "Trofim" from the film almanac "The Arrival of the Train" (1995) and the film "Brother" (1997).

The critic noticed that in two works of director Alexei Balabanov, "Trofim" from the film "The Arrival of the Train" and "Brother", the main characters both went to St. Petersburg and then to Moscow, just like Danila Bagrov did in "Brother 2". Additionally, both films showed the arrival in St. Petersburg at the same station, Vitebsk. .

Sergei Kudryavtsev, a film critic, agrees with the previous observation and suggests that "Brother" and "Trofim" cannot be understood separately. Both the main characters, Danila and Trofim, arrive in a city that is equally unfriendly and scary. The only difference is that the modern city does not have the characteristics of an imperial capital, but rather resembles a "lifeless graveyard."

Tatyana Semyonova and Maria Erokhina, who hold degrees in Philosophy and Cultural Studies respectively, suggest that Danila Bagrov represents the traditional "Russian wanderer" image, but in the context of the 1990s. In the first movie, he returns from the war in Chechnya and travels to St. Petersburg to see his killer brother. In the second movie, he is sent from Moscow to the United States. The Russian wanderer is known for embarking on a never-ending journey through time and space, facing countless challenges in search of truth or God.

Independent Nigeria

The Independent Nigeria is a Nigerian newspaper based in Lagos, Nigeria, that publishes news on a daily basis. The company that owns the newspaper is called Independent Newspapers Limited, which was incorporated on 17 July 2001 and started operations in October 2001.

On 7 April 2023, a journalist with Independent Nigeria, Isaac Asabor disagreed with Isaiah Ogedegbe and wrote that, "Human sexuality can be one of the most beautiful aspects of God's plan for His children here on earth. But since Adam and Eve's fall from grace, human sexual practices have drifted from God's purposes".

Kamuyaimimi

Kamuyaimimi-no-Mikoto, also known as 神八井耳命 in Japanese, is a character in Japanese mythology. He was one of the three brothers born to Emperor Jimmu and his wife Himetataraisuzu-hime.
Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto became famous for his involvement in the killing of Tagishimimi. He and his brother Suizei killed Tagishimimi to save Suizei from being assassinated..

In the Kojiki Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto was the older brother of Suizei and was next in line to become the emperor. However, he chose to pass the throne to his younger brother Suizei. This is similar to the story of Yamayukihiko and Umiyukihiko, who also made an "oath of subordination" to each other..

Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto has a connection with Aso Shrine, where a deity named Takeban Ryujin (Taikei Watatsu) is enshrined. According to the shrine's mythology, Takeban Ryujin is considered a "child" of Kamuyaiminomikoto, and this is also supported by the Kojiki, which mentions that "Aso-kun is a descendant of Kamuyaiminomikoto."".

Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto was not only involved in the Assassination of Tagishimimi, but was also known for his bravery and leadership. When the princes found out about Tagishimimi's plot to assassinate Suizei, Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto attempted to kill Tagishimimi himself, but his limbs shook and he could not do it. His younger brother, Kamununakahamiminomikoto, took Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto's weapon and went in to kill Tagishimimi instead..

Historical records indicate that the Yamato Imperial Court sent members of the imperial family to Shinano Province to control , a powerful deity with ancestral ties to the Izumo and Koshi gods. This area was strategically important as it connected the Sea of Japan and the East. Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto, son of Emperor Jimmu and an influential member of the imperial family, was among those dispatched to Shinano. The Kojiki, an ancient record of Japanese history, also credits him with establishing the Emperor System..

According to the Kojiki, Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto not only established the Emperor System but also appointed Takeiotatsu no Mikoto, his grandson, as the national governor. This appointment is considered to be the first time that the king of Japan was appointed to the position of Kunizukuri. Additionally, the palace of Shikinomizugaki, which is located in Nara Prefecture, was built during the reign of the 10th Emperor Sujin.

It is believed that Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto's family followed the four provincial generals, Ohiko-no-mikoto. The Shinano-no-kuninomiyatsukos were likely buried in the Mori Shogunzuka burial mound, located on the opposite side of the Kawayanagi Shogunzuka burial mound..

Hase Shrine is a shrine located in Shiozaki, Shinanoi, Nagano City, which is dedicated to Yaimimi no Mikoto, the ancestor of the Shinano-no-kuninozukuri. After the Shinto and Buddhist eras, the shrine was transformed into Hase Kannon. It is known as one of the three Hase Kannon temples in Japan, along with Hase Temple in Yamato and Kamakura. The temple was established during the reign of Emperor Seimei (reigned 629-641), who was the father of Emperor Tenchi, and is believed to be the oldest Hase temple in Japan..

Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto is also the ancestor of a very large number of clans, as mentioned in the Kojiki. These include the Iwa-no-Kunino-no-Miyatsuko of Hitachinoku, the Naka-no-Kunino-Miyatsuko of Hitachi, the Funaki-no-Atahi of Ise, the Niwa-no-Omi of Owari, and the Shimada-no-Minamoto, he is also said to be the ancestor of the . The descendants of Kamuyaimimi-no-mikoto have left traces all over Japan, from Kyushu to the Tohoku region. They supported and solidified the "Emperor System" founded by Emperor Jinmu. Taian Manpo, who compiled the Kojiki, is a descendant of Kamuyaimi-no-Mikoto.

The Kojiki mentions that Kamuyaimi-no-mikoto gave up his right to the imperial throne in favor of his younger brother. His descendants were responsible for performing rituals at Aso Shrine and Suwa-taisha Shrine, which are believed to be the oldest sacred sites in the eastern and western regions of Japan..



Hikoyai

Hikoyai-no-Mikoto was a member of a Japanese imperial family according to the Kojiki.. He was the eldest of three princes born to Empress Himetataraisuzu-hime on the banks of the Sakai River. He is not mentioned in the "Nihon Shoki" and is not known by any other name. Hikoyai-no-Mikoto's father was Emperor Jimmu, and his brothers were Kamuyaimimi and Emperor Suizei. 

After Jimmu died, Empress Himetataraisuzu-hime married Tagishimimi, her stepson. Tagishimimi tried to kill the brothers but was instead killed by Suizei, who became the second emperor. Hikoyai-no-Mikoto did not have an active role in the story and did not play a significant part in the narrative. This is common in Japanese mythology where some brothers do not play a major role.

According to the Kojiki, Hikoyai-no-Mikoto was the son of Jimmu, who was the first emperor of Japan, and , the daughter of Omononushi no Mikoto.

However, Hikoyai-no-Mikoto's name is not mentioned in the Nihon Shoki. In other sources, such as the Shinsen Seijiroku, the Ibarada-ren article of the Ukyo Emperor, and the "Aso Family Brief Genealogical Record," there is a different theory that suggests he is the son of Kamiyai-mimi-no-mikoto. Interestingly, Hikoyai-mikoto's name does not appear in the "Aso Genealogy" or the "Monzan Genealogy" found in the 16th volume of the "Shoshu Keifu."

The "Shinsen Shōjiroku" commissioned by Emperor Saga and the "" have a different theory that suggests Hikoyai was the son of Kamuyaimimi, as opposed to the previously mentioned belief that he was the son of Himetataraisuzu-hime and Jimmu.


Norwegian Polar Institute

The Norwegian Polar Institute (NPI) is an organization that is run by the government of Norway. It studies the environment and does research in the Arctic and Antarctic. It helps the government make decisions about polar areas. The NPI takes care of everything that people from Norway do in Antarctica. It also keeps track of where people see whales, walruses, seals, and polar bears near Svalbard. They also create maps of the polar parts of Norway. The NPI decides what places in Norway’s polar areas are called.

Congress Poland

Congress Poland (Polish: "Królestwo Polskie", Russian: "Царство Польское") was a historical Polish state created in 1815 by decision of Congress of Vienna as personal union with Russia.

The first king was Alexander I, who created the university of Warsaw in 1816. In the years 1830–1831, there was November Uprising, whose result was abolition of the kingdom in 1832 and incorporation to Russian Empire.

The constitution of the kingdom was adopted on 27 November 1815, but it was replaced by Tsar Nicholas I with Organic Status.

Under reign of the Alexander II a major liberal reforms took place, political amnesty, conciliatory measures in cultural and religious matters, and the creation of the Agricultural Society to tackle the peasant question. In 1867, after January Uprising (1863-1864) the kingdom was transformed into province of Russian Empire called "Vistula Land."

Jozef Tiso

Joseph Tiso was a Slovak politician who lived from 1887 to 1947. He became the first president of Slovakia in 1939, when the country was separated from Czechoslovakia and became a puppet state of Nazi Germany.

Tiso was a Catholic priest before he entered politics, and he used his religious influence to support Slovak nationalism. He believed that Slovakia should have its own independent state, separate from Czechoslovakia.

During World War II, Tiso cooperated with the Nazis and allowed them to deport Slovak Jews to concentration camps. He also supported the Slovak state's participation in the war on the side of Nazi Germany.

After the war, Tiso was arrested and tried for war crimes and collaboration with the Nazis. He was found guilty and executed in 1947.

Vojtech Tuka

Vojtech Tuka was a Slovak politician who lived from 1880 to 1946. He was one of the leaders of the Slovak People's Party and became the prime minister of Slovakia in 1940.

Tuka was a strong advocate of Slovak nationalism and worked towards greater autonomy for Slovakia within Czechoslovakia. However, during World War II, he became a supporter of Nazi Germany and helped to establish the puppet state of Slovakia under the control of the Nazis.

As prime minister, Tuka oversaw the implementation of anti-Semitic policies and the deportation of Slovak Jews to concentration camps. He was also involved in the persecution of political opponents and dissenters.

After the war, Tuka was arrested and tried for war crimes and collaboration with the Nazis. He was found guilty and executed in 1946.

Clerical fascism

Clerical fascism is a type of fascism that combines religion and politics. It involves a close relationship between the government and religious leaders. It often promotes traditional values, authoritarian government, and may be nationalist. It has been associated with the Catholic Church and has been seen in various political movements throughout history.

Tensha Tsuchimikado Shinto

Tensha Tsuchimikado Shinto is a Shinto group that combines Confucian and Shinto beliefs. It is sometimes referred to as Tsuchimikado Shinto.
Tensha Tsuchimikado Shinto was created by Abe no Seimei in the 900s and was influenced by Onmyodo. It has strong connections to the Abe clan.
Yoshihito Fujita is the current leader of Tensha Tsuchimikado Shinto.

In 1870, Tsuchimikado Shintō was abolished along with Onmyōdō due to a government ban. It was only permitted again in 1945, after the abolition of State Shinto and the establishment of religious freedom in Japan. In 1954, a new organization was formed for Tsuchimikado Shintō.


Jade tree frog

The jade tree frog or Dulit flying frog ("Zhangixalus dulitensis") is a frog. It lives in Borneo. It lives no more than 250 meters above sea level.

List of highest-grossing movies based on video games

The Super Mario Bros. Movie is the highest-grossing film adaptation based on video games, with Pokémon being the highest-grossing film franchise. 

The following is a list of grossing films based on video games, all films has had a theatrical run (including re-releases) since 1993, films that have not played during this period do not appear on the chart because of ticket-price inflation, population size and ticket purchasing trends not being considered.

"Pokémon" is the most frequent franchise with 12 films on the list, whiles Nintendo is the most frequent publisher with 15 films on the list.

Tsukaikoku

The Wajinden said Tsukaikoku island didn't have good farming land. But, Ōe Masafusa wrote there were places to grow crops. The island often gave soybeans as a gift. The records show the island had a lot of precious things. These included silver, lead, tin, pearls, gold, and lacquer. Pearls were especially important. But the pearls might not be real. They could be red paint made from a stuff called cinnabar. This stuff is found mixed with minerals in mountains...

In old records from the Wei dynasty, it's written that the king of Wa gave about 11 kg of pearls to Queen Himiko. It is also known that people in Korea knew about the island...

The island had more than 1000 homes, but no king. Only officials called the "Higo" and "Hinokumari" were written about. Officials from the "Bando" area only came to ports for a short time because it was easier for traveling. They wrote down the names and traits of the administrative areas. So, other areas like Motsu, Keiji, and Kashi might have had kings. But the names from the Yayoi period and the Engishiki records may not be the same..

Some history experts say that the old country called Tsukaikoku is the same as the island of Tsushima today. But others think it's in Shimane prefecture. 

The names of the shrines written in the Engishiki shrine records match the shrines in Shimane prefecture. This helps the idea of its location.

In Shimane prefecture, there were four areas: Kashi, Keiji, Tamamochi, and Motsu. The island has four regions naturally split by mountains. You can see this on a map. You can tell where Kashi, Keiji, and Motsu are by their names today. But we don't know where Tamamochi is. The west coast area that's mostly empty is later called Sasu district. But this name isn't in old books. Scholars think the area might have changed its name from Tamamochi to Sasu long ago..


Hiromine Shrine

The Hiromine Shrine (広峯神社) is on top of Mt. Hiromine in Himeji City, Hyogo Prefecture. It claims to be the main shrine of Gozu Tenno across Japan, but Yasaka-jinja Shrine also claims to be the main shrine of Gozu Tenno. It used to be a prefectural shrine, but now it is a Beppyo shrine under the Association of Shinto Shrines. People also call it Hiromine Gozu Tenno. It is an ancient shrine with a well-known name.

The worship of Gozu Tenno was originally related to the belief in avoiding epidemics and disasters by appeasing malevolent spirits. However, at Hiromine shrine, the focus of worship shifted to praying for the fertility of rice cultivation. This became known as "Hiromine Faith," and it is why the shrine is quite different from normal Gion faith shrines. This is evident in the rice planting festival and prayer festival that are held at the shrine.

In 2018, it was announced that a shrine would be built to honor Kuroda Takataka (also known as Kanbei) behind the main hall, and it was planned to be finished in the spring of 2019. Many people visit the shrine to worship Kuroda Kanbei and the land associated with the Kuroda family.

There is a legend about Shigetaka Kuroda, a military commander during the Warring States period, in our shrine. The legend includes the use of letters such as "Cho", "Masa", "Takashi", and "Kan" in the name "Kanbei", suggesting a connection to Shigetaka Kuroda. However, no connection has been found, and he is believed to have come from a different family in Kurodasho, Taka County, not the Kuroda family of Omi Province.

Historical records show that a senior vassal of the Kuroda family, Mr. Inokuchi, was a monk and priest at the shrine. A part of a Katsura tree discovered from the Mausoleum of Kuroda Shikinaka in Mega, Himeji City during the Edo period was enshrined at the newly built Kanbei Shrine. It was donated to Mine Shrine and became an object of worship at Kanbei Shrine.


In addition, there is a Seven-Five-Three Festival in November, and various purifications (including on-site purifications) and shrine visits are accepted at any time.







1988–89 Austrian Cup

The 1988-89 Austrian Cup was the national cup competition in Austrian football. It was the 55th season of the competition. Kremser SC were the defending champions. 
First round with teams from the first and second league.

Wolfgang Knaller – Alois Dötzl, Ernst Aigner, Uwe Müller, Manfred Kern, Michael Gruber (69. Herbert Oberhofer), Ernst Baumeister, Peter Artner, Fred Schaub, Gerhard Rodax, Walter Knaller
<br>coach: Ernst Weber 

Klaus Lindenberger – Leo Lainer (60. Christoph Westerthaler), Ivica Kalinić, Kurt Garger, Michael Streiter, Robert Wazinger, Heinz Peischl, Hansi Müller, Manfred Linzmaier (35. Werner Löberbauer), Alfred Hörtnagl, Peter Pacult<br> coach:Ernst Happel

Klaus Lindenberger – Leo Lainer, Kurt Garger, Bruno Pezzey, Michael Streiter, Alfred Hörtnagl, Heinz Peischl, Hansi Müller, Manfred Linzmaier (65. Robert Wazinger), Christoph Westerthaler, Peter Pacult <br>coach:Ernst Happel
Wolfgang Knaller – Ernst Aigner, Alois Dötzl, Helmut Graf (65. Herbert Oberhofer), Ernst Baumeister (65. Michael Gruber), Peter Artner, Uwe Müller, Manfred Kern, Fred Schaub, Gerhard Rodax, Walter Knaller<br> coach: Ernst Weber

Gallop (studio)

, sometimes credited as , is a Japanese animation studio founded on December 13, 1979, by former Mushi Pro members.





Institute of Divinities

The , used to be a government agency in Japan. It was part of the Ministry of the Interior's foreign bureau. The institute's main goal was to make Shintoism more respected in the Empire of Japan. It was responsible for managing shrines and was the center of Shintoism until the end of World War II.
During the early years of the Showa era, there was a revival movement of the Department of Divinities and a push to establish special divine offices in Japan. In 1940, on the occasion of the 2600th anniversary of the accession of Jimmu, the Institue of Divinities was created. 

Six years later, after Japan's defeat in World War II, the Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers (GHQ) issued the Shinto Directive, which led to the termination of the movement on January 31, 1946. As a result, the special office was abolished on the same day.

According to the Government Regulations of the Institute of Shinto Religion (Imperial Ordinance No. 736 of 1940), the Bureau of Shrines of the Home Ministry was given a higher status and became an external bureau of the Ministry on November 9, 1940. The bureau is situated at 1-2, Kasumigaseki, Kojimachi-ku, Tokyo, which is also the location of the Ministry of Home Affairs Office Building.

The president of the Bureau of Shrines was appointed by the Minister of Home Affairs. Eiji Yasui, who was the Minister of Home Affairs at that time, was the first president. The Vice President of the bureau was Ichisho Inuma, who was also the Director General of the Bureau of Shrines. Inuma served in this position until the JCG was abolished.

To manage various matters related to shrines, various organizations were established by the Institute.

After the end of WWII the GHQ issued a memorandum to the government on December 15, 1945, called "Regarding the Abolition of the Government's Guarantee, Support, Preservation, Supervision, and Supervision of National Shinto and Shinto Shrines and the Abolition of Kobu" (SCAPIN-448). This memorandum led to the abolition of the Institute of Divinities.

The Institute of Divinities was abolished on January 31, 1946, in accordance with the Imperial Ordinance No. 59 of 1946, which concerned the revision of government regulations for administrative reorganization.. 



21st-century philosophy

21st-century philosophy is philosophy that occurred in the 21st century. It directly comes after 20th-century philosophy and builds upon it. It often addresses newer topics related to the information age

Ashinazuchi and Tenazuchi

In ancient Japanese stories called the Kojiki and the Nihon Shoki, there was a god named Susanoo who was sent away from his home in the heavens to live on Earth in a place called Izumo. There, he met an old couple named who were children of a mountain god called Ōyamatsumi. They told him about a scary monster called Yamata no Orochi, which had eaten seven of their eight daughters. Susanoo offered to kill the monster if they would give him their only surviving daughter, Kushinadahime, to be his wife.

Susano'o defeated Orochi and built a palace in the land of Suwa Province. He then appointed Ashinazuchi as the leader of the palace and gave him the name Inada no Miyatsuko Suga no Yatsunomimi no Kami (稲田宮使諏訪之八意名神)

Tsuno Shrine

Tsuno-jinja (都農神社) is a shrine in Tsuno, Miyazaki prefecture, Japan. The shrine is dedicated to Ōkuninushi.

Jaroslav Pollák

Jaroslav Pollák (11 July 1947 – 26 June 2020) was a Slovak footballer. He played as a midfielder. He played for Czechoslovakia national team in 49 matches and scored one goal. He was nicknamed "Bobby" because of his playing style compared to Bobby Charlton. He was renowned as a strong defensive midfielder who stood out for his leadership on the pitch and he was a complete playmaker who was known for his pace, man-marking, tackling, passing and his intelligence. Considered as one of the best midfielders in his prime.

Jaroslav Pollák began playing football at FC VSS Košice. He made his debut in 1965 at the age of 18 in the 1st Czechoslovak League. stayed in Košice until 1977, despite several offers. After two years at Dukla Banská Bystrica, Pollák moved to Sparta Prague in 1979. 1981 the player went to Austria Salzburg, for whom he made 65 Bundesliga appearances. In 1983, Pollák returned to Czechoslovakia and joined his old club, which had meanwhile been renamed ZŤS Košice and played in the second league. In the summer of 1988, Jaroslav Pollák ended his active career at the age of almost 41. In the 1st Czechoslovak League, Pollák completed 418 games in which he scored 25 goals.

Jaroslav Pollák made his debut in the Czechoslovak national team on 23 June 1968 when Czechoslovakia defeated Brazil 3-2 in Bratislava. He was a participant at the 1970 FIFA World Cup and Euro 1976, where his team won the gold medal, and also at UEFA Euro 1976 where the team won the title. Pollák made his last of 49 international matches on March 26, 1980, when Czechoslovakia lost 2-0 to Switzerland in Basel.

Pollák died on 26 June 2020 at the age of 72.


Shinto Scripture

Thse books are usually considered scripture


These books are sometimes considered scripture



The Kojiki was written first in 711. It is the oldest Japanese book.

The Nihon Shoki came second in 720.

The Rikkokushi directly follow the Nihongi but are considered separate due to their historical nature

The was recognised as a forgery in the Edo period and stopped being used then.<br>
The became more prominent in the Meiji period since it was used for State Shinto.


Bruce Broughton

Bruce Harold Broughton (born March 8, 1945) is an American composer. He writes music for television, movie, and video games. Usually, his music is for an Orchestra. He has also written concert works. He has composed several soundtracks over his long career. One of the pieces he wrote is the 1994 version of the 20th Century Fox fanfare. Another thing he has done is conducting the Cinergi Pictures logo composed by Jerry Goldsmith. He has won ten Emmy Awards and has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score. Broughton is currently a lecturer in composition at UCLA. 

André Conte

André Bolívar Conte Sánchez (April 25, 1995) is a Panamanian technologist, programmer, human rights and environmental activist. He has been a prominent figure in many mass protests against corruption in Panamá. He ran as an independent candidate for deputy in the National Assembly for the 8-8 circuit in the 2019 elections.

Conte was arrested in January 2021 for allegedly being the leader of Anonymous Panamá, hacking the Panamanian National Police's computer servers and making a Denial-of-Service attack on the Ministry of Education's computer. He was placed under house arrest and ordered not to use the internet and delete all his social media platforms. His trial is pending.

Kike

The word kike is an ethnic slur for a Jew.

Willems, Nord

Willems (; ) is a coummune in the Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,048 people lived there.


Love Is Strong

"Love Is Strong" is a 1994 song by English rock band The Rolling Stones and is the leading single from their album "Voodoo Lounge". It went to number 2 in Canada and Finland, number 3 in Norway, number 6 in the Netherlands, number 11 in Scotland, number 12 in New Zealand, number 14 in the United Kingdom, number 16 in Iceland, number 18 in Belgium, number 27 in Sweden, number 29 in Switzerland, number 40 in Germany, number 47 in Australia and number 91 in the United States. It won a Grammy Award in 1995.






Infomercial

An infomercial is a kind of advertisment. An infomercial is similar to a regular TV program, but it wants to promote a product or service. The word is made of two parts, "information" and "commercial". Very often there's a way to directly respond, like a toll-free telephone number, or website, where the items can be ordered. Informercials are designd to produce a direct response, that can be measured. They are often pre-recorded. They are shown when there are few people watching television, for example during the night. 

Informewrcials usually have the following properties: 


Shia–Sunni relations

Shias, a term that stems from shi'atu Ali, Arabic for “partisans of Ali,” believe that Ali and his descendants are part of a divine order. Sunnis, meaning followers of the sunna, or “way” in Arabic, of Mohammed, are opposed to political succession based on Mohammed's bloodline.

Don't Wanna Let You Go

"Don't Wanna Let You Go" is a 2000 song by British boy band Five and is the third single from their second studio album "Invincible". It went to number 5 in New Zealand, number 6 in Iceland, number 8 in Scotland and Guatemala, number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 11 in Iceland, number 17 in Australia and the Netherlands, number 19 in Italy, number 22 in Sweden and number 69 in Switzerland.

UK and Australian CD1

UK and Australian CD2

UK cassette single and European CD single

Robert Innes

Robert Thorburn Ayton Innes FRSE FRAS (born 10 November 1861, died 13 March 1933) was a Scottish astronomer. He is best known for discovering Proxima Centauri in 1915, and many binary stars. He was also the first astronomer to have seen the Great January Comet of 1910, on 12 January. He was the founding director of a meteorological observatory in Johannesburg, which was later converted to an astronomical observatory and renamed to Union Observatory. He was the first Union Astronomer. Innes House, designed by Herbert Baker, built as his residence at the observatory, today houses the South African Institute of Electrical Engineers.

Iowa Cubs

The Iowa Cubs are a Minor League Baseball team from Des Moines, Iowa. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Cubs are partnered with the Chicago Cubs, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Chicago Cubs.

The team is named "Cubs" because of their partnership with the Chicago Cubs. The team started playing in 1969 but were named the Iowa Oaks. They changed their name to the Cubs in 1982.

The Cubs played at a stadium called Sec Taylor Stadium from 1969 to 1991. In 1992, the Cubs began to play at a new stadium called Principal Park.


Miracle (song)

"Miracle" is a song by British entertainers Calvin Harris and Ellie Goulding. It was released 10 March 2023.

The song entered at number three on the UK Singles Chart and later topped the chart. It also topped the Irish chart.

De mulieribus claris

De Mulieribus Claris or De Claris Mulieribus (Latin for "On Famous Women") is a book by Giovanni Boccaccio, from Florence. Bocaccio started to write it in 1361 and 1362, in Latin. In the book, he writes biographies of "famous women". Boccacio wrote the book in Latin prose. He seems to have made several changes, until his death in 1375. It was first published in 1374. It tells 106 short biographies of historically important women. Some of these women really existed, others are mythical. About a century later, in 1473/74 it was translated into German as "Von den synnrychen erluchten wyben." Other translations into German were made 1479 and 1488. In 1483 a French translation was made, a Spanish one in 1484. Donato Albanzani translated it into Italian in 1397. The first translation into English is in the Canterbury Tales, the biography of Zenobia is part of "The Monk's tale". As there are many prints and translations from the 14th to the 16th century, the book was probably popular. Bocaccio calls it "The first book that is exclusively about women". At the same time Boccauio also wrote a collection of biographies of famous men," De Casibus Virorum Illustrium" ("On the Fates of Famous Men"). 

When Boccaccio selected the women to write about, he wanted those that could serve as an example, also from a Christian and ethical point of view. For some women, he re-used some of the content of his other book De casibus virorum illustrium that he had written earlier. 

The book is notable, because is is the first collection of biographies of women in post-ancient Western literature. 



Peter Etebo

Peter Etebo (born on 9 November 1995), popularly known as Oghenekaro Peter Etebo, is a Nigerian footballer who has played in both the Nigerian national team and several foreign clubs.

In July 2018, Peter Etebo distributed writing materials to school children from Caveginia Primary School and other primary schools in the area.

Incomplete scripture of Manichaeism

The Incomplete scripture of Manichaeism was discovered by British archaeologist Aurel Stein in Mogao Caves. It is a Manichaean scripture, but it is missing parts. It is one of the three Manichaeism Dunhuang Chinese Documents. They are now held in the collection of National Library of China, number BD00256.

Luo Zhenyu didn't know which Persian religion the scriptures belonged to in 1911. He decided to publish the recorded text in the second volume of the "Guoxue Series". He named it "Incomplete Persian Scripture". In the same year, French Sinologists Shawan and Perch translated the scripture into French. They considered it as Manichaean scripture. The manuscript is on scrolls and has an incomplete beginning. It currently has 345 lines and about 7,000 characters. It is the only Chinese Manichean classic in China. The writing is similar to a scripture. The content uses a question and answer format between the leader Mani and the apostle Mar Adda. It explains Manichaeism's doctrine of the coexistence of light and dark..


Zhangixalus owstoni

Owston's green tree frog or Japanese flying frog ("Zhangixalus owstoni") is a frog. It lives in Japan.

The adult male frog is about 42-51 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult femal frog is about 50-67 mm long. There is not much webbing on the feet.

Mitamaya

A is a special kind of altar used in Shinto religion to remember and honor family members who have died. The altar usually has a mirror or tablet with the names of the deceased and is also used to honor people who are not related but are respected.

Mitamaya altars are not as commonly found in Japanese households as their Buddhist counterpart, the butsudan, because Buddhist funeral rites are more commonly practiced in Japan. Mitamaya altars are considered less valuable than kamidana altars, which are highly respected in Japanese culture.
The mitamaya altar is usually placed in an inner chamber on a shelf called "mitama-san-no-tana," which is attached to the wall at a height of about six feet. It is positioned lower than the kamidana altar..

Rituals are performed for the mitamaya altar every tenth day up to the fiftieth day after the death of the family member. After that, rituals are performed on the one-hundredth day and on the one-year anniversary of the death. After the one-year ritual, another ritual is performed to mark the spirit's joining of the ancestors at the family shrine..

In ancient times, people held domestic rites called kinensai in the February or April and Niinamesai in November. During these rites, people worshiped their ancestors, the god of food, and the hearth deity. They believed the spirits of their ancestors (Oyagami) came to them through the rice.

During the Heian period cults of Goryō developed and people changed to honoring the dead in July for Urabon-e, and in January.

During the medieval period, people started to enshrine the spirits of dead individuals, like Retired Emperor Gotoba (1180-1239) whose memory was kept through memorial tablets. In the early modern period, there was a rise in "Shinto funerals" (shinsōsai) where people were treated like kami. The Yoshida clan gave spirit ranks like Myōjin-gō, Reisha-gō, and Reijin-gō to the dead, who were sometimes worshipped at shrines.

The spread of Kokugaku led to an increased interest in Miyamaya, and more people enshrined their ancestors in their homes.

The first modern mitamaya was constructed in 1599 at the Toyokuni Shrine in Kyoto, Japan for Toyotomi Hideyoshi. Screen paintings and the remains of the shrine suggest that it was designed based on the Kitano Tenman-gū. Unfortunately, it was later destroyed by the Tokugawa clan.

Later on, the mitamaya became a symbol of high status and was mainly established for Japanese nobles, military heroes, and other respected individuals. This practice became more widespread during the Edo period. As part of the Kokugaku movement, it became more common for ordinary households to erect mitamaya altars. These altars played a central role in Shinto funeral rituals known as "shinsōsai" (神葬祭).


Dunhuang Manichaean texts

The Dunhuang Manichaean texts are a set of three Manichaean manuscripts from the Tang Dynasty that were discovered in the Mogao Caves, a series of Buddhist caves in Dunhuang.


Zhangixalus zhoukaiyae

The Anhui tree frog ("Zhangixalus zhoukaiyae") is a frog. It lives in China. It lives in the Dabie Mountains in Anhui Province.

The skin of the frog's belly and part of the legs is yellow in color. The throat and chest are light yellow in color. The tops of the toes are gray-white in color. The iris of the eye is yellow-gold in color.

Buffalo Bisons (baseball)

The Buffalo Bisons are a Minor League Baseball team from Buffalo, New York. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Bisons are partnered with the Toronto Blue Jays, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Blue Jays.

The Bisons played at a stadium called War Memorial Stadium from 1979 to 1987. In 1988, the Bats began to play at a new stadium called Sahlen Field.


Tirtha Bahadur Lama

Tirtha Bahadur Lama is a Nepali politician. His political party is Nepali Congress. Lama, who is the minister for Drinking Water, Energy and Irrigation of Bagmati province is currently serving as member of Bagmati Provincial Assembly. Lama was elected from Kavrepalanchowk 1(B).

Lama is also a former member of 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly. In 2013, he was elected to Kavre–1 seat in the assembly.

Koshi Province

Koshi Province may refer to:


Engishiki

The is a Japanese book about laws and customs. It was mostly finished in 927.

In 905, Emperor Daigo gave an order for the compilation of the Engishiki. While there were previous attempts at codifying such information, the Konin and the Jogan Gishiki no longer exist, making the Engishiki an essential source for early Japanese historical and religious studies.

The task of revising the Engishiki was initiated by Fujiwara no Tokihira. However, the work was left incomplete when he died four years later in 909. His brother, Fujiwara no Tadahira, continued the task in 912 and was able to complete the revisions in 927..

The Engishiki underwent several revisions, and after these revisions, it served as a basis for reform initiatives that began in 967..

The Engishiki is a text that is composed of 50 volumes. These volumes are organized by department. The text contains information on various topics such as worship, state, ministries, and laws.




Kangla Sha

In Meitei stories, Kangla Sa or Kangla Sha is a dragon lion. It has a lion's body, a dragon's head, and two horns. Meitei people believe it to be holy. Kangla Sha is a symbol of the Meitei royal family. The most popular statues of "Kangla Sa" stand inside the Kangla.

Thabaton

Thabaton or Thaba is a girl in Meitei folktales. She was loved and cared by her seven elder brothers. When her brothers were not at home, she was taken away by Keibu Keioiba. Her kidnapper was a tiger headed man. She lived with him for some time. Later, her brothers came and saved her from the Keibu Keioiba.

Chakpa Makhao Ngambi

Chakpa Makhao Ngambi was a queen of Burma. She was a Meitei princess of Manipur. She was the wife of King Taninganway of Burma. She was a close relative of King Charairongba of Manipur. She was disrespected in the kingdom of Burma. So, her relative King Pamheiba of Manipur attacked Burma. Pamheiba took revenge on the Burmese for the disrespect to the Meitei princess.

Daijō-kan

The Daijō-kan or Dajō-kan (Japanese: 太政官), also known as the Great Council of State, was the highest decision-making body in Japan's premodern Imperial government under the Ritsuryō legal system during and after the Nara period. It was briefly restored to power after the Meiji Restoration, but soon replaced with the Cabinet.

The Daijō-kan was consolidated in the Taihō Code of 701-702, which codified the Ritsuryō system of government in Japan. The Asuka Kiyomihara Code of 689 also played a role in the development of the Daijō-kan as it marked the initial appearance of this central administrative body, composed of the three ministers: the "Daijō-daijin" (Chancellor), the "Sadaijin" (Minister of the Left), and the "Udaijin"(Minister of the Right).

The Daijō-kan was responsible for all secular administrative affairs of the country and its subsidiary ministries, while the Department of Divinities, oversaw all matters related to Shintō ritual, clergy, and shrines.

However, this structured organization gradually lost power over the course of the 10th and 11th centuries. The Fujiwara clan began to dominate the Daijō-kan as well as the post of Imperial regent. It became common for the regent to hold the post of chancellor or other office simultaneously.

By the 12th century, the council was essentially powerless as a separate entity. However, the system was never formally dismantled. Over the course of centuries, the ritsuryō state produced more and more information which was carefully archived.

But, with the passage of time in the Heian period, ritsuryō institutions evolved into a political and cultural system without feedback.

During the reign of Emperor Kōmei, the aristocracy in Kyoto teamed up with influential provincial leaders to bring back the power and reputation of the Imperial center. But because of many important issues that needed immediate attention, little effort was made to restructure the Daijō-kan, the highest decision-making body of the Imperial government.



Loktak Ima

Loktak Ima ('Mother Loktak') or Loktak Lairembi ('Goddess of Loktak') is a goddess of the Loktak lake. She is worshipped by the Meitei people. Meiteis think she is their mother. She is highly respected by the Meitei fishermen of the Loktak areas.

Lairembigee Eshei

Lairembigee Eshei (Song of the Goddess) or Song of the Nymphs is a Meitei language play. It is written and directed by Ratan Thiyam. It is performed by the "Chorus Repertoire Theatre" of Imphal. It shows the seven nymphs seeing the changes in the human world.

Kinensai

Kinensai is a festival that was celebrated every year in ancient Japan on February 4th. It was an important observance of the government. It was held to pray for a good harvest. Emperor Tenmu started the festival in 675 as a rite of the Japanese government. He required all the shrines recorded in the Jinmyochō to perform it.

During the festival, tribute was offered to the gods, and the ceremony was attended by high-ranking officials, but the emperor himself did not participate. In the Heian period, the festival became a mere formality and was celebrated solely within the Department of Divinities, the body responsible for the governance of Shinto affairs by the government.

Later, the festival became more solemn and focused on worshipping Amaterasu Ōmikami, the sun goddess, and during the period of "cloistered emperors", it became a rite performed by the emperor himself to honor Amaterasu. Kinensai eventually became such a sacred ceremony that it would be canceled in case of any pollution at the Ise Shrines.

However, the festival died out at the end of the Muromachi period due to military conflict. It was later revived in an abbreviated, irregular form called sairō by the Shirakawa house, which had inherited the position of head of the Department of Divinities. Kinensai was not reintroduced until the Meiji period in 1869.

It is sometimes contrasted with or the fall festival.

Engishiki Jinmyocho

The Engishiki Jinmyocho is a historical list of Shinto shrines. 

It was written in the Heian period and is the source of the designation of shrines as Myojin Taisha.

It is a section of the Engishiki

Many categorizations of shrines come from this book



Corrina, Corrina (movie)

Corrina, Corrina is a 1994 American comedy-drama movie directed by first time director Jessie Nelson and starring Whoopi Goldberg, Ray Liotta, Tina Majorino, Erica Yohn, Don Ameche, Larry Miller, Wendy Crewson, Jenifer Lewis, Brent Sniper and Joan Cusack. It was distributed by New Line Cinema.


As Aventuras de Gui &amp; Estopa

As Aventuras de Gui & Estopa (also known as Gui & Estopa) is a Brazilian Flash animated television series created by Mariana Caltabiano. It aired on Cartoon Network Brazil from 2009 to 2017.

The second season aired on 2010. The third season aired on 13 November 2011. The series also aired in Latin America on 2 December 2013 by Tooncast and Boomerang. The fourth season aired on 7 September 2015 by Cartoon Network. In April 2021, the series returns to Boomerang with the fifth season premiere.



Diego Lamas

Diego Bande (Orense, 1978) is a Galician editor, writer and historian of essays on contemporary music of the twentieth and twenty-first century. He is known for creating the first appbook about alternative music venues in the Old Town of Vigo and for recovering the 50 years of Vigo's music history.

In his literary beginnings, he published several books dealing with the subject of the classics of American music. In 2010, he edited "Cracks de la música de los años 50", followed by "Cracks de la música de los años 60", compiling the North American musical artists of the first half of the 20th century.

In 2011, he published "Gods of Rap and Hip-Hop" and "Gods of Grunge." In 2012, he changed register and created the first appbook about the alternative music venues in the Old Town of Vigo, which were the survivors of the socioeconomic crisis that occurred in that area for more than a decade.

In 2014, he published "La Movida después de la Movida", the groups of the decades after the famous Vigo Movida of the 80s.

The same year, he launched "Los Mejores locales de Rock en Vigo", which brought together the most important alternative music establishments in the same city in the same edition. In "Los increíbles 25 de mediados del 65" (2015) about guateque bands that emerged in Vigo during the Franquismo.

His most outstanding work was "50 años de Rock en Vigo", which gathered 50 years of Vigo music in the same work with more than 150 pages.

Grifton, North Carolina

Grifton is a town in Lenoir and Pitt counties, North Carolina in the United States. The population was 2,448 at the 2020 Census. The town is also part of the Greenville Metropolitan Area.

Fountain, North Carolina

Fountain is a town in Pitt County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 385 at the 2020 Census. The town is a part of the Greenville Metropolitan Area located in North Carolina's Inner Banks region.

Everything Your Heart Desires

"Everything Your Heart Desires" is a 1988 song by American duo Hall & Oates and is the leading single from their 13th studio album "Ooh Yeah!". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 6 in Canada, number 28 in New Zealand, number 50 in the Netherlands and number 81 in the United Kingdom.




UGC 12591

UGC 12591 is a spiral galaxy located about 400 million light years away from the Earth in the constellation Pegasus. Also, it is the spiral galaxy with the highest known rotational speed of about 500 km/s, almost twice the rotational speed of our galaxy, the Milky Way. The high rotational speed means the galaxy must be very massive at the center; the galaxy has a mass estimated at 4 times that of the Milky Way, making it the third most massive known spiral galaxy after ISOHDFS 27 and J2345-0449.
UGC 12591 is far from other galaxies; the nearest galaxy to it is 3.55 million light years away. However, it's shape shows that it probably had a merger or accretion event in its past. It looks somewhat lenticular-like, with a central bulge and dust lanes similar to the Sombrero Galaxy.

Castle Rackrent

Castle Rackrent is a short novel by Maria Edgeworth published in 1800. 

Shortly before it was published, an introduction, glossary and notes were added because the family thought people might think it was against the Act of Union 1800. It is partly based on her own family history, "The Black Book of Edgeworthstown". The novel is set in Ireland before the Constitution of 1782. It tells the story of four generations of Rackrents and how badly they managed the estate. They were Anglo-Irish landlords. 

It has been called the first historical novel, the first regional novel in English, the first Anglo-Irish novel, the first Big House novel, and the first saga novel. Sir Walter Scott, who met and wrote to Edgeworth said it inspired him to write his Waverley series of novels. 

Pleasant Point, New Zealand

Pleasant Point is a small country town in the Timaru District, New Zealand. It is situated some 19 kilometers inland from Timaru on State Highway 8. It has two primary schools and the high school was closed down in 2004 by the Labour Government. In March 1986 the town suffered from one of the worst floods in history.

Zhangixalus arboreus

The forest green tree frog or Kinugasa flying frog ("Zhangixalus arboreus") is a frog. It lives in Japan on Honshu Island. People have seen it as high as 2000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 42-60 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 59-82 mm long. They have more webbed skin on their front feet than on their back feet. The skin of the frog's back is bright green. It can have spots. The skin of the frog's belly is white with brown spots. The iris of the eye is red-brown in color.

This frog lives in trees and on the ground near dead leaves. When it is time to aly eggs, the female frog makes a nest out of foam and then puts hundreds of eggs in the nest. The male frog fertilizes the eggs. Then the foam becomes hard.

Human beings visiting the part of Honshu where the frog lives come to its ponds to watch it. They do this for fun.

Nagasaki Gokoku Shrine

Nagasaki Gokoku Shrine is a shrine in Nagasaki, Japan. It's a Gokoku Shrine and it's dedicated to the spirits of around 60,000 people from Nagasaki Prefecture. These people died between the Meiji Restoration and World War II.

The shrine was started in 1869 in Nagasaki's Umegasaki area. At that time, it was called the Nagasaki Shokonsha and it was built to remember the 43 samurais who died in the Boshin War. In 1874, another shrine called Saku Shokonsha was founded in the Nishi-shima area of Nagasaki. This new shrine was built in memory of 536 people who died in the Taiwan Expedition. 

Later on, the two shrines joined together and became the Nagasaki Gokoku Shrine in 1942. The shrine buildings were completed in 1944, but in August 1945, all of them were destroyed during the atomic bombing of Nagasaki. 

The Sako Shokonsha Shrine (Umegasaki Tenno-miya Shrine) was temporarily relocated at the former Sako Shokonsha Shrine. The shrine was rebuilt in October 1963 and has been designated as a National Important Cultural Property. The shrine celebrates two annual festivals on April 22 and October 26.The shrine is a Gokoku Shrine, which means it's a shrine that's dedicated to the dead from wars. These shrines were created to honor the war dead and were considered "branches" of Yasukuni Shrine. In 1939, they were renamed from Shokonsha.


Socată

Socată is a Romanian soft drink. It is made from fermenting elderberry flowers in lemon and sugar. It can be carbonated or not carbonated.

There is a Fanta flavor based on the Socată.

Hue Festival

The Hue Festival is an important cultural event that takes place every two years in the city of Hue, Vietnam. It aims to celebrate and preserve traditional values in the former imperial capital. The festival offers a range of activities, notably a continuation of the Sacrifice to Heaven, which occurs at the traditional site of Esplanade of Sacrifice to the Heaven and Earth.

The first Hue Festival named Vietnam-France Festival was held in 1992 . Until 2000, the name was changed to Hue Festival.



Ludwig Boltzmann

Ludwig Eduard Boltzmann (February 20, 1844 – September 5, 1906) was a well-known Austrian physicist, member of the Impreial Austrian Academy of Sciences. He was considered to build the foundations for scientific fields including statistical mechanics and statistical thermodynamics. He was one of the major contributors for atomic theory while the atomic model was still highly controversial. Besides Max Planck, he was also the first person who had ideas for quantum theory.

Boltzmann was born in Vienna, the capital of Austrian Empire. His father, Ludwig George Boltzmann, was a tax official. His mother, Katharina Pauernfeind, came from Salzburg. At childhood, his parents invited a private tutor to teach him. He then attended high school in Linz . When he was 15 years old, his father died.

Since 1863, Boltzmann studied physics at the University of Vienna. Some of his teachers were Johann Josef Loschmidt, Joseph Stefan, Andreas von Ettingshausen and Jozef Petzval. Boltzmann received his doctorate in 1866. In 1867, Boltzmann was already a university lecturer. After earning his doctorate, Boltzmann worked for two years as Stefan's assistant. Stefan then introduced him James Clerk Maxwell's work.

In 1869 at age 25, he was appointed full professor of mathematical physics at the University of Graz. In 1869 he spent several months working with Robert Bunsen and Leo Königsberger at Heidelberg . In 1871 he worked with Gustav Kirchhoff and Hermann von Helmholtz in Berlin. In 1873 Boltzmann went to the University of Vienna as a professor of mathematics and stayed there until 1876.

In 1872, he met Henriette von Aigentler, a math and physics teacher in Graz. In 1876, they got married and had three daughters and two sons. Boltzmann returned to Graz as head of the Department of Physics. About 14 years in Graz, he developed his concept of natural statistics. In 1885 he became a member of the Imperial Austrian Academy of Sciences and in 1887 he became President of the University of Graz.

In 1890, Boltzmann became head of the department of Theoretical Physics at the University of Munich in Germany .

In 1893, Boltzmann succeeded Joseph Stefan as Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Vienna.

Boltzmann was a classical physicist, but had a great influence on the modern physics including statistical mechanics and statistical thermodynamics. The Boltzmann equations are key ideas for non-equilibrium thermodynamics and reversible processes. Boltzmann also has great merit in formulating and defending the second law of thermodynamics, developing the definition of entropy from a purely statistical point of view.

The entropy equation, engraved on his tombstone, is Boltzmann's great scientific achievement:formula_1
The Boltzmann equation describes the dynamics of an ideal gas.


Huastvanift

Huastvanift also known as Xuastvanift is a Manichaean text written in the Uyghur language, containing a repentance prayer that Manichaean believers read to confess their sins. The text is important for understanding the lives of Manichaean communities in the East and confirms many concepts found in other Manichaean, Christian, and Muslim writings. The name "Huastvanift" comes from the Uyghur language and means "confession" or "repentance". This text was widely used by Uyghur Manichaeans and has been preserved in many manuscripts and fragments.

The name "Huastvanift" is found at the end of manuscript SI 3159 in Uighur language. It originated from Parthian or Sogdian language where it is written as "xw'stw'nyft [xuästvänïft]" and means "confession" or "repentance".

The Huastvanift text was popular in East Turkestan, which is why it has been found in at least 24 manuscripts and preserved over time.


Russian publications


In other countries:


The book is written in Turkic using the . It is easy to understand because the language is clear and pure. The author or translator didn't use many special Manichaean words, and the sentences are simple. Anyone who can read could understand the text. The writer of the book may have known Buddhist texts with similar content and structure, which were read aloud during special ceremonies to get rid of sins. There are also Iranic structures in the book. For example, "manastar hïrz-a" is used to complete each section, which means "let go of my sin."

The text has 15 parts and an ending. Each part is a request to God with a formal confession and a plea for forgiveness for a specific sin.


Lines 143 to 160 contain a short list of sins and a request for forgiveness.



Xroshtag and Padvaxtag

Xrôshtag and Padvâxtag are two deities in Manichaean religion. They are always shown together and represent the concepts of "call" and "answer." The call comes from the "living spirit" above, and the answer comes from the person below who wants to be saved.

Area code 252

Area code 252 is a telephone area code in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) for the northeastern corner of the U.S. state of North Carolina. The numbering plan area comprises the municipalities of Kinston, Elizabeth City, Greenville, Henderson, Kitty Hawk, New Bern, Roanoke Rapids, Rocky Mount, Morehead City, Warrenton and Wilson. The area code was created on March 22, 1998 in a split of area code 919.

Department of Divinities

The Department of Divinities was a government organization in Japan that was created during the ritsuryō reforms in the 8th century. It had several names, including the Department of Shinto Affairs, Department of Rites, Department of Worship, and Council of Divinities. It was established under the Taihō Code, which also created the Daijō-kan.. However, it was first mentioned in the Asuka Kiyomihara Code.

The Department of Divinities, also known as Jingi-kan, was a part of the Japanese Imperial bureaucracy established in the 8th century under the ritsuryō reforms. While Daijō-kan handled secular administrative affairs, Jingi-kan oversaw all matters related to Shintō, particularly of kami worship.. This included overseeing kami-related affairs at court and provincial shrines, coordinating the provinces' ritual practices with those in the capital, and performing rites for the celestial and terrestrial deities based on a code called jingi-ryō.
The Department of Divinities, also known as the Department of Shinto Affairs, was a Japanese Imperial bureaucracy established in the 8th century to oversee almost all matters related to Shintō and kami worship. While the department existed for almost a century, there were periods of time where it was effectively non-existent, such as during the Ōnin War when it was burned down. During the Meiji period, the department was briefly reinstated and then dissolved, succeeded by the and Ministry of Religion (教部省, "kyōbushō")...



Hayatani Shrine

Hayatani Shrine is a Shinto shrine located in Kamihira, Hatsukaichi City, Hiroshima Prefecture. It is a Myojin Taisha and Ninomiya of Aki Province and is currently designated as a Beppyo Shrine.

Hayatani Shrine is a sacred place in Aki Province that has been worshipped for over 1,700 years. It used to have a higher status than Itsukushima Shrine. People from all over Japan visit Hayatani Shrine to pray for traffic safety, especially when buying a new car. The shrine is also known for purifying the buses and trains of the Hiroshima Electric Railway.

This shrine is one of the "Three Great Shrines of Aki Province", along with Itsukushima Shrine and Take Shrine (多家神社). For a long time, travelers on the Sanyo Expressway have prayed for safety on their journeys at this shrine, and it is still considered a protector of traffic safety on the expressway.



Sakatsura Isosaki Shrine

Sakatsura Isosaki Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Hitachinaka City, Ibaraki Prefecture. It used to be a Myojin Taisha and now it is a Beppyo Shrine.
It enshrines Sukunabikona

Ikushimatarushima Shrine

Ikushima Ashishima Shrine is a shrine located in Shimonosato, Ueda City, Nagano Prefecture. It used to be a Myojin Taisha and is now a Beppyo shrine.


Isono Shrine

Isono Shrine, also known as Isono Shrine, is a Shinto shrine located in Nakano, Saijo City, Ehime Prefecture. The Engishiki Jinmyocho ranked it as a Myojin Taisha, and now it's a Beppyo shrine under the Association of Shinto Shrines. The shrine's emblem is "Goshoguruma" (御所車).

The shrine is famous for dedicating the largest Matsuri floats during the Saijo Festival (西条祭り). This festival is known for its splendor and takes place in the area. The shrine was formerly known as 'Isonomiya' in the olden days.

Shikigeisha

Shikigeisha (式外社) refers to Shinto shrines that were known to have existed in the early 10th century when the Engishiki Jinmyocho was being written, but were not included in it. 

Shikigeisha, therefore, were considered "off-register" or "unofficial" shrines that were not recognized by the government as official state shrines.

Shikigeisha can be further classified into various categories, including shrines outside the control of the imperial court, those with their own power and influence, shrines that integrated Buddhism into their practices, and shrines managed by Buddhist monks. Additionally, some Shikigeisha lacked proper formal shrine buildings.

Shikigeisha contrast with Shikinaisha which are shrines that were recorded in the Engishiki. 

Kokushi genzaisha are a type of Shikigeisha which appear in the Rikkokushi.


Ōagata Shrine

Ogata Shrine is a Shinto shrine located in Inuyama City, Aichi Prefecture. It was recorded in the Engishiki Jinmyocho as a Myojin Taisha. It is the Ninomiya or second ranked shrine of Owari Province. It is a Beppyo shrine.

It is located next to Tagata Shrine. It has a vagina festival on May 14th and that shrine has a penis festival on May 15th

There are many small shrines within the precincts of Ogata Shrine. In the past, there used to be two Betsugu shrines and 52 subordinate shrines. One of these shrines, called Hime no Miya, is dedicated to Tamahime no Mikoto (although some people believe it is dedicated to Kurinama no kami). Since ancient times, this shrine has been worshipped as a guardian deity for safe childbirth. This is related to the phallus-shaped object at Tagata Shrine in Komaki City. At the top of Mt. Hongu, there is Hongu Shrine, which is dedicated to the Aramitama of Oogata no Okami.

The building of the Ogata Shrine is known as 'Ogata-zukuri' and was constructed in 1661 by Mitsutomo Tokugawa, who was the second lord of the Owari Domain. 

In addition to the shrine itself, Ogata Shrine also oversees the Aotsuka Kofun, which is the second largest keyhole-shaped burial mound in Aichi Prefecture. The surrounding area is also filled with ancient burial mounds, including round burial mounds.

On the slope of the mountain behind the shrine's grounds, there are approximately 300 weeping plum trees.




Tashima Shrine

Tashima Shrine is a shrine situated on Kabeshima Island in Yobuko Town, Karatsu City, Saga Prefecture. It is located in the area known as Suerokoku, which is believed to be the first land of the mainland of Wakoku as per Wajinden records. It is an important point for safe sea crossings to the continent, and has received significant orders from the central government since ancient times. 

In earlier times, it was called 'Tajima Niimasu Kaminoyashiro'. It is the only Myojin Taisha in Hizen Province, and was previously classified as Kokuhei Chusha due to renovations during the Meiji period. Currently, it is a beppyo shrine of the Association of Shinto Shrines. It is associated with Sayohime Matsuura, whose poem was written by Okura Yamanoue, and is said to be the original shrine (roots) of Munakata Taisha.

Sumiyoshi Shrine (Iki City)

Sumiyoshi Shrine is a shrine in Sumiyoshi Ashibe-cho, Iki City, Nagasaki Prefecture. It was a a Myojin Taisha according to the Engishiki Jinmyocho. it now serves as a beppyo shrine of the Association of Shinto Shrines.

According to the legend of Sumiyoshi Shrine, Empress Jingu, who succeeded in conquering the three Korean kingdoms with the help of Sumiyoshi Okami, landed on her way back to Gonoura-cho, Iki City (now called Oura), and enshrined the three gods there. The shrine claims to be the first Sumiyoshi Shrine in Japan. Later, it was moved to its current location by divine guidance. In the "Engishiki Jinmyocho," it was recorded as a Myojin Taisha, and the shrine also claims to be the head shrine in Nagasaki Prefecture.

In May 1871, it was ranked as Kokuhei Chusha.






Iminomiya Shrine

Iminomiya Shrine is a Shinto shrine located in Shimonoseki City, Yamaguchi Prefecture . It is located in the Chofu area, which was once a castle town. The shrine is believed to have been built on the site of Toyoura no Miya, a temporary imperial palace where Emperor Chuai is said to have stayed during his conquest of Kumaso.

Iminomiya Shrine is a Shikinaisha, which was previously recognized as Kokuheishosha. It is thought to be the Ninomiya of Nagato Province and is currently a beppyo shrine under the Association of Shinto Shrines. The shrine's precincts include two small islands, Manju Island and Kanju Island, which are designated as a national natural monument.

During the Kyushu sumo wrestling tournament, Shoko Kaiketsu prayed for victory at Arakuma Inari Shrine and won the championship. Since then, he has visited the shrine every November 3rd during the three-day sumo wrestling event. Next to the shrine, there is a sumo wrestling museum where visitors can see Kaiketsu and Kuniyasu Ono's kesumemawashi (sumo wrestler's loincloth), the championship cup, and a large ginkgo tree.



In 192, Emperor Chuai visited Kumaso to conquer it. In the following year, Toyoura no Miya was built. In 195, Sun Gongman, the 11th generation of the First Qin emperor, settled in Japan and brought rare silkworm eggs as a gift. It is believed that the Toyoura-no-miya Shrine (now Iminomiya-jinja Shrine) was where these silkworm seeds were introduced.

In 199, Empress Jingu established a shrine at the site of Toyoura Palace to enshrine Emperor Chuai, who died in Kashii, Tsukushi. This was done because the emperor doubted the oracle from Amaterasu Omikami and the three gods of Sumiyoshi. Later, Empress Jingu and Emperor Ojin were also enshrined during the reign of Emperor Shomu. The shrine was called the Sanden-separate. During the Middle Ages, due to a fire, all the shrines were enshrined in 'Iminomiya', which became the name of the shrine. In the Engishiki Jinmyocho, it is listed as 'Iminomiya Shrine, Toyoura District, Nagato Province,' and is listed as a small shrine.

In 1336, Ashikaga Takauji visited Iminomiya Shrine to pray for victory, and in 1337, he offered Horaku waka poems. The Chofu Mori family strongly supported the shrine, and a precinct shrine called Toyokou-jinja Shrine was established to enshrine the lords of the domain (now enshrined together with Miyazaki Hachimangu Shrine near the Chofu coast as Toyokou-jinja Shrine). The shrine has been highly respected as the god of literary and military prowess, victory, and safe childbirth by the common people since ancient times.




Kankō Shrine

Hamhung Shrine was a Shinto shrine in Hamgyong, Democratic People's Republic of Korea. The shrine was dedicated to the deities Amaterasu Omikami and Kunitama Omikami. It used to have the status of Kokuheishosha.

According to the Rules for Shrines and Temples (Ordinance No. 82 of the Office of the Governor-General of Korea in 1916), Hamhung Shrine was permitted to be established on August 21, 1916. The spirits of Amaterasu Omikami were sent from Ise Jingu Shrine and enshrined in the shrine on October 1, 1918.

In 1936 (Showa 11), on August 11, Hamhung Shrine was designated as a Dokushinsha Shrine, which means that offerings to the gods should be made directly at the shrine. To commemorate the 2600th year, the shrine buildings were expanded and reconstructed. On February 25, 1939 (Showa 14), a support meeting was organized as a part of the plan.

On June 15, 1943 (Showa 18), Kunitama Okami was also enshrined at Hamhung Shrine. On May 1, 1944 (Showa 19), it was made Kokuheishosha. However, following Japan's defeat in World War II, it was abolished on November 17, 1945 (Showa 20).

Nunakuma Shrine

Nunakuma Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Tomo, Fukuyama City, Hiroshima Prefecture. It is a Shikinaisha. Currently, it is a beppyo shrine under the Shinto shrine headquarters.

The shrine is commonly referred to as 'Gion-san' together with 'Tomogi Ongu'.

Two deities are enshrined at the shrine.


In the Meiji era, Watasu Shrine and Tomo Gion Shrine were combined and renamed as Numana Shrine according to the Engishiki Jinmyocho. according to the Shrine Consolidation Policy. The shrine continues to enshrine two deities, Owatatsumi-no-Mikoto and Susanoo-no-Mikoto, who were originally enshrined separately by each shrine. In addition, Watarimori Shrine, listed in the Engishiki Jinmyocho, is located on the side of the shrine and is still in operation today.

Legend has it that Watarimori Shrine, now known as Numana Shrine, was established in the second year of Emperor Chuai's reign. Empress Jingu headed to western Japan and enshrined Watatsumi-no-mikoto on a local sacred stone, praying for safe sea routes. On her way back, she reportedly said to Watatsumi no Mikoto, "Takatomo Izuno." The name "Tomo" is said to have originated from the fact that "tomo" was one of the tools used for bows.

In the Engishiki Jinmyocho, a document from the middle of the Heian period, there is a description of a Shikinaisha called 'Numakuma-jinja Shrine' located in Numakuma District, Bingo Province. The book offers two possible readings of the name, "Nunasaki" and "Nunakuma". However, the location of this Shikinaisha remained unknown. Through historical research after the early modern period, it is currently identified as Watarimori-jinja Shrine, but it is unclear whether it is located in Tomo.

In modern times, Watarimori Shrine is said to enshrine Sarutahiko-no-kami and Funatama-no-mikoto. The shrine was originally located in Gojihira Village or Tomonoseki-cho and was moved to its current location during the Keicho era (1596-1615) as a precinct shrine of Gion Shrine. In the Meireki era (1655-1658), the main shrine was rebuilt by the feudal lord Katsutada Mizuno.
The shrine itself has no information about the establishment of Tomo Gion Shrine. It is said to have been founded during the Tencho era (824-834) or during the Hojo era (1156-1159).

The deity enshrined at the Numana Shrine is Susanoo no Mikoto. The shrine was originally located in Tomonoseki-cho but was destroyed in a fire in 1599 and later relocated to its current location.

Some believe that the Tomo Gion Palace may be associated with the "Enokumanokuni Tsuyashiro" mentioned in an excerpt from the "Bingo Province Fudoki". The shrine was worshipped as the local deity of Tomo and received many donations from the lord of the Fukuyama domain, with a shrine site in the area.

The history of the two companies since the early modern period is as follows.




Kōgen Shrine

Kogen-jinja Shrine was a shrine located in Chuncheon-gun, Gangwon-do, Korea

The enshrined deities were Amaterasu Omikami, Emperor Meiji, Kunitama Omikami, and Susanoo no Mikoto. Sosawo-son was added to Mt. Gozu in Chuncheon, including Gisangbong Peak, as it was one of the identified places of Soshimori of Silla.

It was associated with imperialism and State Shinto rather than local belief in Shintoism.

  During that time, the government forced people to visit shrines instead of visiting them voluntarily.

Because of Japan's loss in World War II, the shrine was abolished on November 17, 1945.


Sugo Ishibe Shrine

Sugōisobe-jinja (菅生石部神社) is a Shinto shrine in Kaga, Ishikawa Prefecture, on the Daishōji grounds. It was mentioned in the engishiki of 927 and held the shakaku rank of kokuhei shōsha, which is the national shrine of the 3rd rank. During the feudal era, it was of the second-highest rank in Kaga Province. Currently, the shrine is directly controlled by the Association of Shinto Shrines. Locally, it is referred to as "Shikichi Tenjin" or "Sugō Tenjin."

The deity worshipped at Sugōisobe-jinja shrine is Sugōisobe no Kami. This name represents three deities, namely Hoori, Toyotama-hime no Mikoto, and Ugayafukiaezu no Mikoto.

There are several theories about the true identity of the deity at Sugōisobe-jinja shrine. Some scholars suggest that the deity is actually Sukunabikona, rather than Sugōisobe no Kami. 

According to legend, Sugōisobe no Kami was brought to the area from the imperial court in 585 when a serious illness spread throughout the region. The shrine was recorded in the engishiki jinmyōchō, a record of all shrines in Japan compiled in 927, as shōsha, and it held the second highest rank (ni no miya) in Kaga province. The shrine was highly respected by the imperial court and the samurai class, and in 940, the deity was elevated to shōshii no ge, an upper fourth rank, lower degree. The Heike monogatari, a Japanese epic of the 12th century, also mentioned that Minamoto no Yoshinaka donated to the shrine. During the Middle Ages, the entire area was incorporated into the territory of Kitano Tenmangū, and Sugōisobe-jinja came to be known as "Tenjin" due to the god worshipped there. A bull statue, associated with Tenjin, still stands as a reminder of that time.

Every year on February 10th, the Gongan Shinji festival, also known as "Takewari-matsuri," is held at Sugōisobe-jinja. In 1987, Ishikawa Prefecture designated the festival as an Intangible Cultural Heritage.. 

Tsurugi Shrine

Tsurugi Shrine, also known as Oda Myojin, is a Shinto shrine located in Oda, Echizen Town, Nyu District, Fukui Prefecture. It is classified as a Shinto shrine in the Engishiki and is one of the two main shrines in Echizen Province. Its former rank was a Kokuhei Shōsha (national shrine of lower rank), and it is now listed as a Beppyo shrine of the Association of Shinto Shrines.

It is the Ninomiya of Echizen Province


Hotaka Shrine

Hotaka Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Hotaka, Matsumoto, Nagano Prefecture, Japan. It is one of the three main shrines in Shinano Province. The Engishiki Jinmyocho describes it as a Myojin Taisha and it is now a Beppyo shrine.

Hinomisaki Shrine

Hinomisaki Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Izumo, Shimane dedicated to Amaterasu and Susanoo. It is a Beppyo shrine.

Chokusaisha

A Chokusaisha () is a special type of shrine where a Chokushi, who is a representative of the emperor performs rituals. These shrines are also known as Chokushi Sankō no Jinja (). There are sixteen shrines that have been designated as Chokusaisha, and they are listed in the table below.


Kamigamo Shrine

, is a significant Shinto shrine located on the banks of the Kamo River in northern Kyoto. It was established in the year 678 and is formally called the Kamigamo Shrine is one of the oldest Shinto shrines in Japan and is considered a significant historical site. It is one of the seventeen landmarks in ancient Kyoto that has been recognized as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. In Japanese, the term "Kamo-jinja" refers to both Shimogamo Shrine and Kamigamo Shrine, which are traditionally linked Kamo shrines in Kyoto. These shrines have the important role of protecting Kyoto from negative influences.

The shrine name is given to identify the Kamo family of deities that are worshipped at Kamigamo Shrine. The name also refers to the surrounding woods, which are remnants of the original forest of Tadasu no Mori. Moreover, the shrine's name is a tribute to the Kamo clan, who were the early inhabitants of the area where the shrine is located. Many members of the Kamo clan still live near the shrine and continue to serve the deities that their ancestors had traditionally worshipped.

Kamogamo Shrine is dedicated to the veneration of Kamo Wake-ikazuchi, the "kami" of thunder.

During the early Heian period, Kamogamo Shrine gained the support and patronage of the Imperial family..

Historical records from the reign of Emperor Heizei (806-809) show that Kamogamo Shrine was one of the few establishments that received a divine seal from the Emperor for use on important documents. The seal was enshrined in its own mikoshi, which was called the Oshite jinja. This practice of granting a special seal and its associated customs of preservation and use were established during the reign of Emperor Kōnin (770-781) in 778, according to historical records.).

In 965, Emperor Murakami issued an order that Imperial messengers were to be dispatched to inform Japan's guardian kami, including Kamo Wake-ikazuchi, of significant events..

Kamigamo Shrine, along with Shimogamo Shrine, was selected as one of the two primary Shinto shrines (ichinomiya) for the former Yamashiro province..From 1871 to 1946, Kamigamo Shrine was recognized as one of the , which means it was a government-supported shrine that held a significant position as one of the highest-ranked shrines in Japan.


The shrine is famous for its "haiden" (worship hall) which was rebuilt in 1628-1629

Several residences for priests are located within the grounds of Kamigamo Shrine. One of these residences, the Nishimura House, is accessible to the general public.



Hyperballad

"Hyperballad" (sometimes written as "Hyper-Ballad") is a 1996 song by Icelandic singer Björk and taken from her second studio album "Post". It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Iceland, number 14 in the Netherlands, number 15 in Scotland, number 18 in Finland, number 31 in Australia and number 34 in Sweden.

These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Hyperballad".






Ajisukitakahikone

Ajisukitakahikone (also Ajishikitakahikone or Ajisukitakahiko) is a "kami" in Japanese mythology.

According to the Kojiki, Ajisukitakahikone is one of the two offspring of the deity Ōkuninushi and Takiribime, one of the three Munakata goddesses. The other offspring is Shitateruhime, who is also known as Takahime..

As a baby, Ajisukitakahikone's cries were so loud that he was put on a boat and sailed around Japan until he stopped crying. When he grew up, he became the father of Takitsuhiko, a god of rain.

Amaterasu and Takamimusubi, the rulers of Takamagahara, wanted their descendants to rule over the earth. They sent messengers to Ōkuninushi, the ruler of Ashihara-no-Nakatsukuni, to tell him to give up his power. One of the messengers, Ame-no-Wakahiko, married one of Ōkuninushi's daughters, Shitateruhime, and tried to take over the land himself. Eight years later, a pheasant sent by the heavenly gods came to Ame-no-Wakahiko and scolded him. Ame-no-Wakahiko shot and killed the bird, but the arrow he used was thrown back down to earth by the gods and struck Ame-no-Wakahiko in the chest, killing him in his sleep.

At Ame-no-Wakahiko's funeral, Ajisukitakahikone visited to pay his respects. He resembled Ame-no-Wakahiko, so the family mistook him for Ame-no-Wakahiko, who had come back to life. Ajisukitakahikone was angry about being mistaken for his friend because corpses were considered unclean. So, he drew his sword and destroyed the funeral hut where Ame-no-Wakahiko's corpse was kept and then kicked it away. The ruined hut landed in the land of Mino and became a mountain called Moyama (mourning mountain)..

Ajishikitakahikone was very angry and flew away. His radiance was so bright that it illuminated the space of two hills and two valleys. Shitateruhime wanted to let everyone know that it was her brother who came to pay respects, so she composed a song to honor him.:

Kamo Wake-ikazuchi is the deity enshrined at Kamo Wake-ikazuchi-jinja Shrine (also known as Kamigamo-jinja Shrine), and is worshipped at Kamo-jinja Shrines located in different areas. Kamo Wake-ikazuchi is not mentioned in the Kojiki and Nihon Shoki, the oldest known historical chronicles of Japan. However, in the "Kamo no Honchi" document from the Muromachi period, Kamo Wake-ikazuchi is identified with Ajisukitakahikone no kami, who is mentioned in the Kojiki and Nihonshoki.
According to a passage from the "Yamashiro no Kuni Fudoki," Kamo Wake-ikazuchi is described as follows: Tamayori-hime, who is also worshipped at Shimogamo Shrine, was the daughter of Kamo Takekakumi no Mikoto, who is the enshrined deity at Kamo-mioya-jinja Shrine. One day, Tamayori-hime was playing in the Semi no Ogawa (Kamo River) in Ishikawa when she saw a tannuri arrow floating down the river.
Tamayori-hime found a tannuri arrow while playing in the Kamo River. She took it home and placed it near her bed, which resulted in her becoming pregnant and giving birth to Kamo Wake-ikazuchi. As an adult, at a party, Kamo Wake-ikazuchi no Mikoto's grandfather, Kamo Takekakumi no Mikoto, gave him some sake and asked him to give some to his father. Kamo Wake-ikazuchi then passed through the roof and ascended to heaven, leading to the belief that his father was a god. The true identity of the tannuri arrow was believed to be the god of fire and thunder at Otokuni Shrine.




Shimogamo Shrine

, is a significant Shinto holy site located in Kyoto city's Sakyō ward in the Shimogamo district. The formal name of the shrine is .

Shimogamo Shrine is among the oldest Shinto shrines in Japan, dating back to the 6th century. It is also recognized as one of the seventeen Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto, designated by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site. The name Kamo-"jinja" refers generally to Shimogamo Shrine and Kamigamo Shrine, which are two traditionally linked shrines located in Kyoto. Shimogamo Shrine is the older of the two Kamo shrines in Kyoto, believed to be around 100 years older than Kamigamo. It dates back to the 6th century, which is centuries before Kyoto became Japan's capital in 794 (known as Heian-kyō). The Kamo-jinja serve the purpose of guarding Kyoto from harmful forces..

The term "jinja" denotes the deities of the Kamo family that are worshiped in the shrine. It also refers to the surrounding forest, which used to be a part of the ancient Tadasu forest (Tadasu no Mori). Additionally, the shrine's name honors the Kamo clan, the early inhabitants of the region, many of whom still reside in the area and have traditionally served the shrine.

Shimogamo Shrine honors the worship of Tamayori-hime (also known as 'the spirit-inviting maiden') and her father, Kamo Taketsunomi. Tamayori-hime is the mother of Kamo Wakeikazuchi, the thunder god of Kamo, and was impregnated by Honoikazuchi-no-mikoto, the God of Fire and Thunder.. The Kamigamo Shrine is a shrine in Kyoto and it is dedicated to Kamo Wakeikazuchi. This shrine worships gods that are related to thunder.



Tadasu no Mori

In the past, Tadasu no Mori was a large virgin forest spanning about 4,950,000 square meters. However, due to wars that occurred during the Middle Ages and a decree issued in the 4th year of the Meiji era, the forest was reduced to its current size of approximately 124,000 square meters..
The forest area known as Tadasu-no-mori is currently located within the grounds of Shimogamo Shrine, which is one of the seventeen historical sites in and around Kyoto. In 1994, these sites were designated by UNESCO as Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto.




Chinju no Mori

The name means "Guardian forest".

These forests may also surround temples, sando (approach paths), and other places of worship.

Chinju no mori refers to the Forest that surrounded many Shinto shrine"." The character "mori" is frequently used in this context. In certain instances, the term "shrine" (社) is written and pronounced as "mori," (森) indicating that Shrine Shinto may have originated from Koshinto where natural yorishiro such as kannabi or chinju no mori were more prevalent over built shrines.

In modern Shinto, people worship the shrine itself, which includes the main hall and other Shinto architecture decorated with shimenawa ropes. The surrounding forests are known as chinju-no-mori. However, in Koshinto, the original form of Shinto, nature itself is considered an object of faith, including Himorogi, Iwakura, Kannabi, forests, mountains, land covered with forests, seas, rivers, and other special places like reefs and waterfalls. People in Koshinto worship nature. Many sacred trees can be found in shrine precincts and mountains, including trees with unique trunks and branches, and large trees.

Shinto shrines were often constructed at the boundary between the eternal and present worlds or at sites with sacred rocks or stones. For instance, Omiwa Shrine in Nara Prefecture worships Mount Miwa, which is regarded as the Shintai. Some shrines don't have a main shrine or a Honden and instead use hills and forests as their sacred objects or Kannabi. These shrines follow the ancient form of Shinto, which is also known as animism in Japan.

Some Shinto shrines have forests called "Chinju no Mori" created by planting trees. Meiji Shrine is a famous example. Although some trees were donated from other countries, they tried to match the natural vegetation in the area. The goal is for the forest to look like a natural shrine forest through natural growth over time. Kasugayama Primeval Forest was registered as a World Heritage Site and was designated as a cultural heritage site instead of a natural heritage site because of this.

Township forests are believed to have been preserved since ancient times, making their forest vegetation an original part of the area's nature. They are one of the few remaining clues to the former nature of the area, as surrounding nature is often destroyed. Because of this, they are often surveyed and protected as natural monuments. In Forest ecology in Japan, township forests are emphasized and referred to as shrine and temple forests, as they are often associated with these religious sites. Similarly, the forests associated with Utaki in Okinawa are also valuable and protected.

It is important to note that the original vegetation in chinju forests may not have been fully preserved. If the surrounding area is developed and only the chinju forest remains isolated, the originally wide and continuous vegetation will have been fragmented. This can change the population in the area. For example, camphor, which is commonly seen in shrines, is not believed to have been originally found in the forests of central and southern Japan. Additionally, deciduous trees such as Keyaki and Mucunoki should not be present much in the climax community south of the plains in central Honshu.

In addition, fragmented vegetation does not provide enough space for animals to move around and maintain their populations. Therefore, animal communities in such areas are believed to be more degraded than plant communities. This is a problem because many plants require specific animals for pollination and seed dispersal. The degradation of animal communities can therefore affect the vegetation in various ways.

Humans also directly disturb the forest vegetation in shrine precincts. Non-native plants are often planted within the area. When a tree falls in the forest, the gap created by the fall is often filled by planting cedar or cypress, which is not necessarily the original vegetation of the area. Historical records show that forest resources within the precincts were utilized in advanced ways as early as the early modern period..
。Recently, some forests have been cleared and their leaves raked, but this type of maintenance is not necessary and can even cause more harm in natural forests. Additionally, forests are often cut off or trimmed due to road expansions or other reasons, which can destroy the forest's mantle and sod communities. As a result, the forest floor may dry out, leading to devastation. To restore these areas, concrete spraying is becoming more common, but this method is not conducive to natural recovery and can be harmful to the environment.

However, unlike the so-called satoyamas, which are forests tended to for human use, these forests are more familiar to people and are treated differently. They continue to have a certain presence.

In modern times, people think shinto deities are more abstract and don't care much about the forests in Shinto shrines. Some believers don't think they're necessary. Although some shrines are still well-respected, many shrine forests have been cut down to make way for things like road repairs and buildings. This has happened especially in cities, where forests have been completely lost. Some shrines only have torii gates and main shrines, and the importance of nature worship in shrines has decreased. However Meiji Jingu and Tadasu Forest are two highly preserved ones.

Before the Meiji era, villages had shrines of different sizes, and many of them had a forest for their Shinto shrine. However, the Shrine Consolidation Policy decree greatly reduced their numbers. As a result, many shrines were abolished, and their guardian forests were cut down. Minakata Kumagusu opposed Shrine merging as it would lead to large-scale destruction of nature due to logging.

The Shrine Consolidation Policy aimed to have only one shrine per village, but some think it was for controlling wood resources or by-products like camphor. Shrines in central Honshu and southward have many large camphor and tabunoki trees, which could have been sold for a high price.

It's now rare to see large plants of furan and sekkok on sacred trees in shrines due to the popularity of wildflowers. In the past, Minakata Kumagusu found a magnificent epiphytic orchid at a shrine in Wakayama Prefecture and happily told the priest. The priest was angry with him and scolded him for promoting something rare that could be stolen.

After the Pacific War, there was a lot of deforestation in Japan as part of national land development. This was not related to the Shinto religion. This caused people to start thinking about the negative consequences of too much development, depopulation, and a lack of land. As a result, initiatives such as the national trust movement were created to protect and restore forests and green spaces. The national trust movement has been successful in its efforts to conserve and rehabilitate forests and other vegetation. After the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, there was a focus on preserving and restoring the forests affected by the disaster.。



Himorogi

Himorogi are enclosed with shimenawa ropes suspended from poles. There are usually four poles in a square shape. The poles are normally made from green bamboo or "sakaki." 

At the center of the himorogi is a branch of sakaki or some other type of evergreen, which represents the physical presence of the kami - a divine being that is incorporeal. It is a yorishiro. The himorogi is a simple yet important structure in Shinto worship.

The Aoi Festival in Kyoto features a more elaborate version of the himorogi, which is a square area enclosed by green branches and features an evergreen tree at the center as a yorishiro. Another variation of the himorogi involves using a straw mat on the ground and placing a ceremonial 8-legged stand, called an hassoku-an, on top of it. The hassoku-an is adorned with shimenawa and other sacred emblems..

The origin of the word "himorogi" is uncertain, but it is found in ancient Japanese texts such as the Nihon Shoki and the Man'yōshū. In Shinto, the term "himorogi" is used to describe both the sacred space and the tree at the center of the space. Both the tree and the space are considered to be pure and sacred.

In Japan, at construction sites, people often build a Himorogi. It is a sacred space where a Shinto priest comes to bless the site before work begins. The Himorogi is usually left standing for some time after the ceremony. This is a part of a traditional ground-breaking ritual called .



Siti Hartinah

Siti Hartinah also known as Tien Suharto is the spouse of Indonesian President,Suharto.

Siti Hardiyanti Rukmana

Siti Hardiyanti Rukmana is the child of Soeharto. Now she is a manager of MNCTV. She called Tutut.

Head over Heels (Tears for Feats song)

"Head over Heels" is a 1985 song by British new wave band Tears for Fears and is fourth single from their second studio album "Songs from the Big Chair". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 5 in Ireland, number 8 in Canada, number 12 in the Netherlands, New Zealand and the United Kingdom, number 18 in Belgium and number 21 in Australia.




MNC TV

MNCTV is an indonesian TV network. The manager is Siti Hardiyanti Rukmana.

Jichinsai

Jichinsai is a festival in Japanese culture. It happens before construction starts on a new building. 

People do the ritual to ask for permission from the landlord deity to make a building on their land.

It is a way to pray for safety during the construction. The contractor, who makes the building, pays for the festival. This includes the and offerings. The owner and other people involved help pay, too. People set up a Himorogi at the space in order to do the ceremony.

The ceremony is held in the presence of builders, designers, and clients. A wooden platform is set up, and in the center is an altar on which offerings such as rice, sake, fish, vegetables, salt, and water are placed. In some cases, sand or salt from the beach near Ise Grand Shrine may be used. Five-colored silk banners, called Masakaki, are used in the ritual

The Tsu Jichinsai lawsuit in 1971 declared the rite secular.

People often pray to the land gods for a bountiful harvest and protection during farming activities. In the beginning of spring, they pray for a successful harvest and safety, while in early autumn, they express gratitude for a good harvest and pray for safety in the upcoming year. This ceremony is usually attended by farmers and is held at a nearby shrine managed by the community or at a location with a rope tied to a rock.

In Buddhism, there is a practice called jichinho, chintaku ho, anchinho, jitenku, or jimatsuri, which is commonly known as a ground-breaking ceremony. In esoteric Buddhism, there is a ceremony called Chintaku Fudoho where Fudo Myo-o is the principal image. This ceremony is performed before building a hall, a Buddhist pagoda, or a tombstone, where a boundary is formed on the land. The ceremony is centered on the earth and heaven, and involves the heavenly gods and death gods. It is held to prevent hindrance from the dead souls and to requisition them forever.

When constructing a hall, there is a method called chindanho, where the altar is built without laying a plank. The ground and chindan (altar) are then repaired separately. Sometimes both methods are used simultaneously. A kenbo containing five treasures and seven treasures is buried in the center of the altar, and a flat stone called chinseki is placed on it. The eight directions are then filled with rings, kui, and five balls.

In the Nichiren Shoshu sect, the ground-breaking ceremony is held as a "construction ceremony" to purify the land with the power of the principal image and to pray for the safety of the construction. The ceremony involves setting up an altar at the center of the construction site and raising the principal image of the temple that will be built.

The general flow of Shinto groundbreaking ceremonies is as follows.


After the Shinto groundbreaking ceremony is completed, a Naorai meeting is usually held. During the Naorai, participants share sacred sake and enjoy the leftovers from the offerings. In addition to the Shinto ritual, a casual gathering may be arranged where beer, boxed lunches, and other refreshments are provided. Alternatively, participants may rent a banquet hall at a restaurant to celebrate with a feast.

The Izumo Taisha holds a special Shinto ritual known as "" to honor the Okuninushi, the supreme deity of the land, and pray for the peace and stability of the land. During this ritual, the 'Goshinto', which is the soil of Izumo Taisha, is buried in the mansion, making it a place ruled by Okuninushi Okami. This is said to eliminate demon gates, attacks, azimuths, and obstacles, leading to prosperity. The traditional rituals of Izumo Taisha are followed, including special features such as three chanting of divine words, burial of sacred soil, and four clapping. After the Izumo mansion, the Izumo annual tribute is offered, and some first fruits are donated every year.


Justice League Dark

The Justice League Dark is a fictional superhero team featured in the DC Comics. It is a team that is filled with Justice League's supernatural world.

Justice League Dark originally featured John Constantine, Madame Xanadu, Deadman, Shade the Changing Man, and Zatanna, eventually being joined by prominent members such as Swamp Thing and Wonder Woman.

The team debuted in "Justice League Dark" #1 (September 2011) and was created by Peter Milligan.

Swamp Thing

Swamp Thing is a fictional character and superhero from the DC Comics, commonly in "Justice League" comics. The character first appeared in issue #92 of "House of Secrets" in July 1971. The Swamp Thing is a humanoid creature that can control plants. It can regrow itself.

The Swamp Thing was played by Derek Mears with Andy Bean playing Alec Holland in the television series "Swamp Thing" (2019). Another live-action movie, titled "Swamp Thing", is in development as part of the DC Universe (DCU). IGN ranked him 28th in the Top 100 Comic Book Heroes list.

Shade the Changing Man

Shade the Changing Man‏‎ is a fictional superhero from the DC Comics universe. The character was later adapted by Peter Milligan and Chris Bachalo in one of the first Vertigo titles.

He makes his first appearance in "Shade the Changing Man" #1 (June 1977) and created by Steve Ditko

If Ya Gettin' Down

"If Ya Gettin' Down" is a 1999 song by British boy band Five and is the leading single from their second studio album "Invincible". It went to number 1 in New Zealand and Scotland, number 2 in Australia and the United Kingdom, number 4 in Ireland, number 5 in Italy, number 6 in Belgium, the Netherlands and Sweden, number 8 in Spain, number 10 in Greece, number 12 in Switzerland, number 17 in Germany and number 19 in Iceland. It samples the 1982 song "Last Night a DJ Saved My Life".

UK, Irish and Australian CD1

UK, Irish and Australian CD2

UK cassette single and European CD single

Landlord deity

Landlord deities (地主神) are a type of tutelary deity worshipped in the East Asian cultural sphere.

They are minor gods who are considered to be of lower rank than Tudigongs and City Gods.

In some East Asian cultures, when people move to a new place, they ask for the permission of the landlord deity before settling in.

Landlord Gods () are deities worshipped in Chinese folk beliefs, and is considered to be lower in rank compared to Sheshen and City Gods. 

The Landlord God tablet usually has two inscriptions, one on the left for “The Landlord Wealth God of the Overseas Tang People” () in Singapore and Malaysia, or “The Landlord Wealth God from Front to Back” () in Hong Kong and other Chinese diaspora. On the right, it is inscribed with the Dragon God of the Five Directions and Five Lands (). 

The Landlord God is believed to have the power to help people gather wealth, and the tablet's placement must follow fengshui laws. In Chinese tradition, Spirit houses are called 土地神屋 or Landlord God House, which symbolizes a connection between the concept and the idea of an dedicated to a Dizhushen or Sheshen.

In Taiwan honoring landlord deities is very important. Both government organizations and companies honor them when they enter a new building. Household altars for Dijizhu are also very common. People disagree on what landlord deities are. Some people say they are ghosts. Some people say they are gods. Sometimes, they are thought to be the souls of former occupants. This tradition may have originated from the Taiwanese indigenous peoples who practiced indoor burial, burying people inside buildings. Dijizhu may also be linked to Goryō or people who died without relatives.

 is the Japanese name for landlord deities.

Japanese people have honored them since at least the 9th century. People seek their blessing before they move to the land. Some people think they are ancestors. 

Japanese people do a ritual called Jichinsai for Jinushigami. 

Ōkuninushi is sometimes considered a Jinushigami of Japan as a whole.

Hokora are often created for Jinushigami, natural objects like trees are also often seen to be yorishiro or shintai for them

Shinra Myōjin is considered a landlord deity, but he originated in Korea

The manga series Kamisama Kiss, written by Julietta Suzuki, follows the story of Nanami Momozono, who becomes the guardian deity of an abandoned shrine.


1964–65 Austrian Cup

The 1964-65 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. Admira-Energie were the defending champions. In the event of a draw, overtime + replay, in the event of a draw in the replay, overtime + drawing of lots. 

First round with teams from the first and second league.

Replay match:

Replay matches:

Josef Schneider - Herbert Ofenbach - Manfred Fenz - Hubert Hutfleß - Rudolf Neudauer - Josef Fresser - Ernö Frank - Alfred Hoffmann - Friedrich Tiefenbrunner - Werner Artner - Gerhard Seidl<br> coach: Adolf Patek
Helmut Kitzmüller - Heribert Trubrig - Manfred Pichler - Gyula Szabo - Adolf Blutsch - Gerhard Sturmberger - Luka Liposinovic - Carlos Lima - Helmut Köglberger - Rudolf Sabetzer - Franz Viehböck <br>coach: Frantisek Bufka

Helmut Kitzmüller - Heribert Trubrig - Manfred Pichler - Gyula Szabo - Adolf Blutsch - Gerhard Sturmberger - Luka Liposinovic - Carlos Lima - Helmut Köglberger - Rudolf Sabetzer - Franz Viehböck <br>coach: Frantisek Bufka

Josef Schneider - Herbert Ofenbach - Manfred Fenz - Hubert Hutfleß - Rudolf Neudauer - Josef Fresser - Karl Schatzer - Alfred Hoffmann - Friedrich Tiefenbrunner - Josef Bierbaumer - Gerhard Seidl<br> coach: Adolf Patek

Bellatrix (star)

Bellatrix (also known as γ Orionis and Gamma Orionis) is the third brightest star in the constellation of Orion. With a slightly variable magnitude of around 1.6, It is usually the 25th-brightest star in the night sky. It is positioned 5 degrees west of the red supergiant star, Betelgeuse. It is located 240 to 260 light years away from the Sun. It is a blue giant star with around 7.7 times as massive as the Sun and 5.75 times the Sun's diameter which is 4,004,254 km in diameter.

TRAPPIST-1f

TRAPPIST-1f, also known as 2MASS J23062928-0502285 f, is an exoplanet, likely rocky but under a massive water-steam gaseous envelope at very high pressure and temperature, orbiting within the habitable zone around the ultracool dwarf star TRAPPIST-1 40 light-years (12 parsecs) away from Earth in the constellation of Aquarius. The exoplanet was found by using the transit method, in which the dimming effect that a planet causes as it crosses in front of its star is measured.
It was one of four new exoplanets to be discovered orbiting TRAPPIST-1 using observations from the Spitzer Space Telescope.

The planet is a eyeball planet candidate.

The Nick Cannon Show

The Nick Cannon Show was first aired on January 12, 2002. It was the debut show of Nick Cannon. The shows running time is around 22 minutes. There are a total of 3 seasons in this show. The last episode was aired on February 22, 2003

Helmut Köglberger

Helmut Köglberger (12 January 1946 – 23 September 2018) was an Austrian professional footballer. He played as a striker. He represented the Austria national football team.
Helmut Köglberger started playing football for SV Sierning and SK Amateure Steyr.

His career as a professional soccer player began 1964 at LASK. In the 1964/65 season they won the championship and the cup. In 1968 he moved to Wiener Austria. With Austria he won the title in the 1968/69 and the the following season. He played 227 official games for Austria and scored 122 goals. During the 1974/75 season he moved back to LASK and was top scorer a second time with a total of 22 goals. 2008 Köglberger was voted LASK player of the century.

On 5 September 1965, Köglberger made his debut for the national team against Hungary. His last match was on 10 November 1976 versus Greece. He made a total of 28 appearances, scored 6 goals and also was captain of the team.
After his professional career he managed different teams in Upper Austria. He also managed youth teams of VOEST Linz and LASK.

Köglberger was born on 12 January 1946 in Steyr to an African American father and Austrian mother. He was raised by his grandmother.


Alexander IV of Macedon

Alexander IV of Macedon was the son of Alexander the Great. Alexander IV was born in Babylon. He was the son of Alexander The Great and Princess Roxana. He was born after the death of his father. Alexander IV died in 323 BC.

War in Sudan (2023–present)

On 15 April 2023, clashes happened across Sudan, especially in and around the capital city Khartoum, as well as Darfur, between rival factions of the current military government. By 19 December, at least 12,000 people died and more than 33,000 people were injured.

The fighting began with attacks on key government sites such as Khartoum where gunfire and explosions were reported. As of 15 April 2023, Leader of the RSF Mohamed Hamdan Dagalo and "de facto" leader Abdel Fattah al-Burhan claimed to control key government sites such as the general military headquarters, Sudan TV headquarters and the Presidential Palace.

On 17 April, the governments of Kenya, South Sudan and Djibouti stated that they could send their presidents to Sudan to act as mediators. However, Khartoum Airport was closed due to fighting making arrival by air difficult.

The history of conflicts in Sudan has consisted of foreign invasions and resistance, ethnic tensions, religious disputes, and competition over resources. In its modern history, two civil wars between the central government and the southern regions led to the deaths of 1.5 million, and a continuing conflict in the western region of Darfur has displaced two million people and killed more than 200,000 people. Since independence in 1956, Sudan has had more than fifteen military coups and it has also been ruled by the military for the majority of the republic's existence, with only brief periods of democratic civilian rule.

Former president Omar al-Bashir presided over the War in Darfur, a region in the west of the country, and oversaw violence sponsored by the state in the region of Darfur, leading to charges of war crimes and genocide. Around 300,000 people were killed and 2.7 million people were forced to be removed because of the conflict. The intensity of the violence later declined.

On 15 April, the Rapid Support Forces (RSF) attacked multiple bases used by the Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) including bases in the capital of Khartoum like Khartoum International Airport. The clashes around the state broadcaster Sudan TV, which was eventually captured by RSF forces. Bridges and roads in Khartoum were closed with the RSF claiming that all roads south of Khartoum were closed. On 16 April, the SAF announced the arrests of multiple RSF officers, the rescue of the major general and brigadier and the capture of Merowe Airport.The Sudan Civil Aviation Authority closed the countries airspace. The provider MTN also shut down internet services. Clashes started again on 17 April in Khartoum, Omdurman and Merowe Airport. The SAF claimed control of the Sudan TV headquarters in Khartoum, and the RSF released a video on twitter.

Fighting continued in Khartoum between the SAF and RSF. The SAF accused the RSF of assaulting civilians as well as looting and burning.


Adolf Blutsch

Adolf Blutsch (born 18 August 1940 in Vienna) is a former Austrian football player and coach. As a midfielder he won championships with FK Austria Wien and Linzer ASK.
He started his professional career with FK Austria Wien. 1961 to 1962 he played in Australia for Hakoah Sydney. After a short time with Austria again he moved to LASK. He there was part of the team which won, as first team outside of Vienna, the Championship. This was followed by one-year engagements at the Wiener Sport-Club, Schwarz-Weiß Bregenz, FC Wacker Innsbruck and again in Bregenz. From 1969 to 1973 he played three seasons at SV Austria Salzburg. He then played again for a year at Bregenz before retiring after relegation in 1973/74 with FC Vorarlberg. He appeared in 252 games in Austria's top division and scored 18 goals.
His coaching career has brought Adolf Blutsch to Salzburg several times. At SAK 1914 he worked as a supervisor in the 1976 autumn season. In his coaching era from 1977 to 1978, Blutsch led USK Anif directly from the Salzburg league to the second division. At SV Austria Salzburg he followed Hannes Winklbauer in 1986.

Blutsch was also a coach at SW Bregenz, the second division team SV Rapid Lienz (ÖFB Cup semifinals 1976 as player coach), Linzer ASK, which he led to promotion to the first division in 1978/79, where he finished third in 1980, and Grazer AK. For the 1992/93 season he became the first western coach in Poland after the fall of the "iron curtain" and led GKS Kattowitz to the 1993 cup victory. He also coached the Wiener Sportclub (12/1993 to 5/1995), Vorwärts Steyr (1996 to March 1998), SV Spittal (1999/2000), LASK Amateurs (2000-2004), BNZ Linz and came to FC Blau-Weiss Linz in spring 2005, where he stayed until the end of the 2006 autumn season in the Regionalliga Mitte. In April 2008, Blutsch was hired by SV Gmunden to save the club from the threat of relegation from the Regionalliga Mitte, but he failed to do so.


Louise of Sweden

Louise of Sweden (; 31 October 1851 – 20 March 1926) was Queen of Denmark from 1906 until 1912 as the spouse of King Frederick VIII.

Louise was daughter of King Charles XV of Sweden and Norway and Louise of the Netherlands. In 1869, she married the future King Frederick VIII of Denmark. Louise became queen of Denmark in 1906. Louise was the mother of both King Christian X of Denmark and King Haakon VII of Norway.


Charlotte Knights

The Charlotte Knights are a Minor League Baseball team from Charlotte, North Carolina. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Knights are partnered with the Chicago White Sox, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the White Sox.

The Knights started playing baseball in 1976 as the Charlotte Orioles. They changed their name to Knights in 1988. They have played at a stadium called Truist Field since 2014. Before that, they played at Knights Stadium from 1990 to 2013, Knights Castle in 1989, and Knights Park from 1976 to 1988.


Paul Cattermole

Paul Gerald Cattermole (7 March 1977 – 6 April 2023) was an English singer and actor. He was best known for being a member of the pop band S Club 7 from 1998 until he left in 2002. Cattermole returned to the band in 2014 for their reunion tour and was originally due to return in 2023 for a planned second reunion tour before his death.

He dated fellow S Club 7 band member Hannah Spearritt. However, he never married and had no children.

On 6 April 2023, Cattermole was found unresponsive at his home in Dorset and was pronounced dead later that day. He was 46 years old. His cause of death was not revealed, but police did not treat his death as suspicious.

Tributes came in from other groups of S Club 7's era, as well as from manager Simon Fuller.


"Source:"

Minister for Drinking Water, Energy and Irrigation

The Minister for Water, Energy and Irrigation (Nepali: जल, उर्जा तथा सिँचाइ मन्त्री) is the ministry of the Bagmati Province and it responsibile for formulating policy and importance of water resources in Bagmati Province, he ministry focuses on the development and utilization of hydropower. The position was established on 14 December 2021. 

The incumbent minister is Tirtha Bahadur Lama, took office on 9 April 2023.


Algae (disambiguation)

Algae are a type of Protist.

Algae may also refer to:




Mu Columbae

Mu Columbae (also known as μ Col or μ Columbae) is a main sequence star in the constellation of Columba. It is one of the few O-class stars that are visible to the naked eye. The star is known to be located about 1,300 light years from the Solar System (with an error margin of a few hundred light years).

This is a relatively fast rotating star that completes a full revolution about every 1.5 days. (Compare this to the Sun, which at only 22% of this star's diameter rotates only once every 25.4 days.) This rate of rotation is fairly usual for stars of this class.

Based on measurements of proper motion and radial velocity, astronomers know that this star and AE Aurigae are moving away from each other at a relative velocity of over 200 km/s. Their common point of origin connects with Iota Orionis in the Trapezium cluster, some two and half million years in the past. The most likely scenario that could have created these runaway stars is a collision between two binary star systems, with the stars being ejected along different trajectories radial to the point of intersection.

Battle of Thapsus

The Battle of Thapsus was a significant event in Roman history, marking the final conflict of the Roman Republic's civil war. It pitted the forces of Julius Caesar against those of the Optimates, a group of senators and aristocrats who opposed Caesar's rise to power. The battle took place on April 6, 46 BC, near the city of Thapsus in modern-day Tunisia.

Caesar's Return to Rome

After defeating Pompey in Greece, Julius Caesar returned to Rome to consolidate his power. He was declared dictator for life in February of 44 BC, which made him the most powerful man in the Roman world. However, his enemies, particularly the Optimates, were still not satisfied. They saw him as a threat to the traditional Roman values and the Senate's authority.

The Situation in North Africa

Metellus Scipio, a prominent Optimate leader, had regrouped in North Africa with Pompey's remnants and many Numidian cavalry. Cato the Younger, another staunch opponent of Caesar, had also joined the Optimates in Africa. Scipio was declared commander-in-chief of the army, and the group was able to gather a significant force to challenge Caesar's power.

Caesar's Strategy

Caesar knew that he had to act fast and decisively to crush his enemies in North Africa. He raised an army of veterans and marched south, cutting off the Optimates' supply lines as he went. His army was battle-hardened, and he had the support of many experienced commanders, including Mark Antony and Marcus Aemilius Lepidus.

Caesar arrived in Africa in January of 46 BC, and he immediately set about attacking the Optimates' strongholds. His first target was the city of Ruspina, which he captured after a brief siege. This victory gave him a much-needed boost in morale and allowed him to consolidate his position.

The Battle of Thapsus

The Optimates knew that they could not let Caesar take control of North Africa, and they decided to make a stand near the city of Thapsus. They had a large army, including many Numidian cavalry, and they were well-entrenched. The battle that followed was fierce and brutal, with both sides suffering heavy casualties.

The Optimates had the advantage of numbers, but Caesar had the advantage of superior tactics and discipline. He managed to outmaneuver his opponents and cut off their escape routes. The Optimates fought bravely, but in the end, they were no match for Caesar's army.

Aftermath

The Battle of Thapsus was a decisive victory for Julius Caesar. The Optimates suffered heavy casualties, and many of their leaders, including Metellus Scipio and Cato the Younger, fled or committed suicide rather than be captured. Caesar emerged as the undisputed master of the Roman world, with no one left to challenge his authority.

However, the victory at Thapsus marked the beginning of the end for Caesar himself. His actions in North Africa had alienated many of his supporters in Rome, and his opponents saw him as a tyrant who needed to be stopped. On March 15, 44 BC, he was assassinated by a group of senators led by Brutus and Cassius.

Conclusion

The Battle of Thapsus was a significant event in Roman history, marking the end of the Roman Republic and the beginning of the Roman Empire. It was a hard-fought battle, with both sides displaying incredible bravery and determination. In the end, Julius Caesar emerged as the victor, but his victory was short-lived. His assassination marked the end of an era and the beginning of a new one, with Rome ruled by a series of emperors rather than by the Senate.

Kamo Shrine

Both are associated with the Kamo clan who is believed to have established the Shrines.

The shrines have a large combined Chinju no Mori called "Tadasu no Mori", which was designated a World Cultural Heritage Site site along with the other local shrines

They are in the site Historic Monuments of Ancient Kyoto (Kyoto, Uji and Otsu Cities)

Kasugayama Primeval Forest

Kasugayama Primeval Forest is a primeval forest located in the eastern part of Nara City, Nara Prefecture. 

It is 250 hectares large.

It is the Chinju no Mori of Kasuga-taisha so nobody was allowed to hunt or log there since 841.

It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site "Historic Monuments of Ancient Nara".

The site is in the northern temperate zone but it has many southern species that prosper there. It has a wide variety of species.

It is especially unique due to being so close to a city


Keijo Shrine

Keijo Shrine was a Shinto shrine at the north of Seoul. The shrine worshipped four gods: Amaterasu Omikami, the , Ōkuninushi no Mikoto, and Sukunahikona no Mikoto. 

It was founded in 1898 and abolished on November 17, 1945, after Japan lost World War II.



Taichung Martyrs' Shrine

The Taichung Martyr's Shrine is a martyrs' shrine in North District, Taichung, Taiwan. It's dedicated to the heroes of the Republic of China who died for their country.

Originally, the shrine was a Shinto shrine to pay tribute to Japanese heroes. When Taiwan was handed over from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, the shrine was re-established and transformed into a shrine to honor the National Revolutionary Army. This change happened in 1970..

The shrine was constructed with traditional Chinese architecture style. It has a rectangular shape surrounded by courtyards and garden.

The shrine is accessible by bus north of Taichung Station of Taiwan Railways.

Heijō Shrine

Heijō Shrine (平壌神社, "Heijō jinja") was a Shinto shrine located in Pyongyang while Korea was under Japanese colonial rule. The shrine was named after the Japanese name for Pyongyang. It was built in 1913 and ceased to exist after 1945. The shrine's main festival was celebrated every year on October 2nd.
In the Modern system of ranked Shinto Shrines, Heijō Shrine was a national shrine of the third rank, also known as kokuhei shōsha.

Today, the location where Heijō Shrine once stood has been turned into a park. A statue of Kim Il-Sung was built where the shrine used to be


Slowpoke (Pokémon)

Slowpoke is a water/psychic type pokemon, originating from the Kanto region

Kagi Shrine

The shrine was built on 28 October 1915 

The shrine was made into martyrs' shrine by the Republic of China after World War II. On 24 April 1994 the main hall was destroyed by a fire. The ruins are now Chiayi City Historical Relics Museum.

The main hall of Kagi Shrine was replaced by the Chiayi Tower in 1998. The tower's builders used a design that was inspired by a story told by the indigenous people about how the world was created. The tower is called the Sun-Shooting Tower and it has an observation deck.

Some parts of the shrine like the temizuya (purification pavilion), sandō (pathway), stone tōrō lantern, and Komainu statues amongst other things still exist today.


<templatestyles src="Module:Coordinates/styles.css"></templatestyles>

Shinchiku Shrine

Shinchiku Jinja is a shrine located in Kita District, Hsinchu City, Taiwan. It was built during the period of Japanese rule.

The deities worshipped at the shrine were Prince Yoshihisa, , Okununishi no Mikoto, and Sukunahikona no Mikoto .

In 1915, construction of the Hsinchu Shrine began and was finished on October 25, 1918. An enshrinement ceremony followed. It was later elevated to a prefectural shrine in 1920 and underwent renovations in 1938. The renovations were completed in 1940, and in 1942, it was promoted to Kokuhei Shosha. However, after the end of World War II, the shrine was closed down.

The shrine office and the approach to the shrine are the only remaining structures at the site. The former shrine grounds have been repurposed to house a facility for refugees and stowaways from China, known as Hsinchu Yasuro. The shrine office has been converted to a management facility for this purpose. The site has been designated as a municipal historic site in Hsinchu City.



Zenshū Shrine

Zenshū Jinja was a Shinto Shrine located in Jeonju. Enshrined deities are Amaterasu Omikami, Emperor Meiji, and Kunitama Omikami . The former shrine status was Kokuheishosha. 

It was linked to State Shinto and Imperialism rather than local support for Shinto

Ryūtōzan Shrine

Ryutosan Shrine was Shinto Shrine in Busan during the Japanese occupation of Korea.
The shrine was destroyed after Japan's defeat in World War II in 1945. The ruins are now part of Yongdusan Park.

Taikyu Shrine

Taikyu Jinja was Shinto Shrine in Daegu during the Japanese occupation of Korea.

The main deities enshrined here were Amaterasu Omikami and Kunitama Omikami, and Susanoo no Mikoto was also enshrined.

Japan's defeat in World War II led to the shrine's abolition on November 17, 1945.

Kōshū Shrine

Ryutosan Shrine was Shinto Shrine in Gwangju during the Japanese occupation of Korea.

The enshrined deities were Amaterasu Omikami and Kunitama Omikami .
Japan's defeat in World War II led to the shrine's abolition on November 17, 1945.

Chureito Pagoda stands where Gwangju Shrine used to be.

Taiwan under Japanese rule

The Japanese Empire used to control Taiwan.

It was their first colony. The Japanese empire monopolized most of the industries of Taiwan.

After Japan surrendered in September 1945 the Republic of China (ROC) took control of Taiwan. 


Motettu de tristura

"Motettu de tristura" (Sardinian language; "sad ditty") is a traditional Sardinian folk song composed by an anonymous author and rewritten by Luciano Berio for voice (mezzo-soprano), flute, clarinet, harp, percussion, viola and cello.
The music and words of the piece, known as "Tristu passirillanti" ("Sad nightingale"), were collected by Berio in the village of Guasila (Province of South Sardinia). The text in Campidanese sardinian is composed of two stanzas of five septenary lines each.

Luciano Berio set it for soprano and ensemble as part of his "Folk Songs" in 1964: the song cycle was composed for, and recorded by, Cathy Berberian.

It is the desperate song of a woman who, overcome with grief over the loss of her lover, perhaps because he is dead, turns to a nightingale, and asks him why he advised her to cry for her lover. She is probably convinced that it is completely useless; in fact in the following verses he asks him to sing this song to him after she is dead.


Astrid of Sweden

Astrid of Sweden (17 November 1905 – 29 August 1935) was Queen of the Belgians and the first wife of King Leopold III. She was born a princess of Sweden and became the Duchess of Brabant after her marriage to Leopold in November 1926. She was Queen of the Belgians from 23 February 1934 until her death.

Astrid's only daughter, Joséphine-Charlotte, later became Grand Duchess consort of Luxembourg, while both of her sons reigned as King of the Belgians. Astrid was also a sister of Crown Princess Märtha of Norway (wife of King Olav V) and a maternal aunt of King Harald V of Norway.

Shinto architecture

Shinto architecture is the architecture of Japanese Shinto shrines.

In Japan, the practice of designating sacred areas started in the Yayoi period (500 BC - 300 AD) based on the fundamental beliefs of Shintoism. Land features like mountains, waterfalls, rocks, and islands were considered capable of drawing kami and hence were revered as yorishiro.. 
In the beginning, sacred locations were likely marked with only a fence surrounding the area and a torii gate, at the entrance. Afterwards, temporary structures resembling modern portable shrines were built to receive the deities at the holy site.
As time passed, the temporary structures used to welcome the gods evolved into permanent structures that were dedicated solely to the gods. Ancient shrines were constructed in different styles such as dwellings (for example, Izumo Taisha) or storehouses (for example, Ise Grand Shrine).
The ancient shrine buildings had gabled roofs, raised floors, plank walls, and were either thatched with reed or covered with hinoki cypress bark.. In the past, the early shrines didn't have an area for people to worship.. Three important forms of architecture styles exist: , , and . 

Izumo Taisha, Nishina Shinmei Shrine and Sumiyoshi Taisha have each type respectively and were built at or before 552. 
The tradition of Shikinen sengū-sai states that buildings or shrines are regularly rebuilt according to the original design. This has been done throughout the centuries to preserve ancient styles up to the present day..

The following is a diagram illustrating the most important elements of a Shinto shrine:




Chalybeate, Mississippi

Chalybeate is a town in Mississippi, United States. There is a pre-K through 8th grade school. There is also a local church. In 2020, 170 people lived there.

Iwashimizu Hachimangū

People worship Hachiman at the shrine. Hachiman is the Shinto "kami" of Imperial legitimacy. Since it was built in 859, Hachiman has been recognized as Emperor Ojin.




Danka system

The was a historical government system in Japan where households would be required to register with Buddhist Temples. This effectively put a lot of the work of administration on the temples rather than the government. 

It was used to persecute Christians.

In the Meiji Restoration it was replaced with Shrine Parishioner Registration.


Sect Shinto

Many sect shinto groups are members of the Kyoha Shintō Rengōkai (教派神道連合会, Association of Sectarian Shinto).

They were originally managed by the Bureau of Shinto Affairs which itself became a sect called Shinto Taikyo, a descendant of the Taikyo Institute
Tenrikyo used to be considered a Sect Shinto group, but is now considered another religion.



Zhangixalus omeimontis

The Omei tree frog or Omei whipping frog ("Zhangixalus omeimontis") is a frog. It lives in China. It lives in Sichuan Province, Yunnan Province, Hubei Province, and Guangxi Province. People have seen it between 200 and 700 meters above sea level.

Nikkō Tōshō-gū

Nikko Tosho-gu and Futarasan Shrine and Rinnō-ji are listed as the Shrines and Temples of Nikkō UNESCO World Heritage Site. The shrine has National Treasures of Japan, and three Important Cultural Properties.



Hukou

Hukou is a system of household registration used in mainland China. It officially identifies a person as a permanent resident of a place. It has information about name, parents, spouse and date of birth. A "hukou" can also refer to a family register. The household register is for a family, and usually includes the births, deaths, marriages, divorces, and moves, of all the people in the family. A person's residence is tied to their place of birth or their parent's place of birth. Hukou registration limits the types of jobs a person can do in a city and the types of housing they are able to stay in.

The government gives people benefits based on agricultural and non-agricultural residency status (often called rural and urban). Urban residents got retirement pensions, education and health care, while rural people got none of those things. They had to build their own homes and grow their own food. Migration inside China was controlled by the government. It was difficult to move from the country into a city. People who moved without permission had to work in very bad conditions as they had no rights.

After 1978 controls were not so strict. Migrant workers could get temporary residency permits, but they generally got worse jobs and get less money. They often had to leave their children behind in the rural area. If the children came to the city they may not be able to go to public schools or colleges. By 2016, the government had given urban hukou to about 28.9 million rural migrants. People were more likely to get an urban hukou if they owned their home or if they had qualifications. In the special economic zones of China - Shenzhen, Shantou, and Zhuhai in Guangdong province and Xiamen located in Fujian province people were allowed to have both rural and urban houkou. 

Rural hukou holders have property rights over the land which urban people dont have. 

In Hong Kong and Macau there is no houkou system, but people do have to have identification cards. 

Shimenawa

Shimenawa (標縄/注連縄/七五三縄, lit. 'enclosing rope') are ropes used for ritual purification in the Shinto religion.

Shimenawa come in different sizes, ranging from a few centimeters to several meters in diameter, and are often adorned with shide, which are traditional paper streamers. When a space is enclosed by shimenawa, it is considered sacred or ritually pure, such as in a Shinto shrine. Shimenawa are believed to ward off evil spirits and are commonly used in Jichinsai before constructing new buildings. They are also commonly found at Shinto shrines, torii gates, and other sacred landmarks.

Shimenawa, are also placed on objects believed to attract spirits or be inhabited by them, known as yorishiro. This includes trees called shinboku, with the spirits believed to inhabit them known as kodama. Cutting down these trees is considered to bring misfortune. Similarly, stones believed to be inhabited by spirits are known as .




Shrine Shinto

Shrine Shinto is a form of the Shinto religion which emphasizes ritual over belief. It has two main varieties: State Shinto which was controlled by the Japanese government, and another centered on Shinto shrines after World War II.

In the Empire of Japan Shrine Shinto was considered secular due to Secular Shrine Theory and only Sect Shinto was considered religious. This is because they argued belief made something a religion, and not ritual.

Today, the term "Shinto" commonly refers to Shrine Shinto. Shrine Shinto is the most common form of Shinto.. Prior to 1945, all Shinto shrines were under the jurisdiction of the Institute of Divinities, which was an external department of the Home Ministry. After World War II the Shinto Directive issued by the General Headquarters of the Allied Forces (GHQ) in December 1945 abolished the Institute of Divinities and reorganized it into one religious corporation, known as the Association of Shinto Shrines.

Shinto shrines and their rituals are conducted in accordance with sacred texts such as the "Kojiki" and "Nihon Shoki", which are considered important scriptures in Shintoism. The Kannushi, who hold positions such as priests, priests-in-charge, and administrators of the rituals, are responsible for conducting these rituals. However, the miko, who are female attendants at Shinto shrines, are not considered part of the priesthood in Shintoism. While a Kagura dancer, who performs traditional Shinto dance, may participate in Shinto rituals, they are not authorized to preside over or perform the rituals in a priestly role.


Yoshida Shrine

The royal family started supporting the shrine in the Heian period. In 965, Emperor Murakami of Japan issued an order to send Imperial messengers, known as heihaku, to report significant events to the guardian kami (deities) of the country. Initially, these heihaku were presented to 16 shrines, and later in 991, Emperor Ichijō added three more shrines to the list, including Yoshida Shrine.
From 1871 through 1946, the Yoshida Shrine was a in the Modern system of ranked Shinto shrines. Yoshida Kanetomo, founder of Yoshida Shinto, is buried here.



Yasakatome

Yasaka Tome no Kami (八坂刀売神) is a Shinto goddess.

She is considered to be the concubine of no Kami, the enshrined deity of Shrine, and is enshrined at Suwa Taisha Shitasha and Suwa Shrines in various places. She is not found in the Kojiki or the Nihonshoki, and is thought to be a unique god associated with Suwa.

Although the name of Yasaka Tome no Kami is unknown, one theory suggests that 'Yasaka' is similar to 'Iyasaka,' and her divine name is thought to mean 'an increasingly prosperous woman' (). 

There are different ideas about where Yasaka Tome no Kami came from because she is a goddess that is not mentioned in the ancient texts "Kojiki" or "Nihonshoki," and we only have incomplete stories about her.

There are different theories about Yasaka Tome no Kami's origin. One theory suggests that she was from the Azumi clan. According to the legend of Kawai-jinja Shrine in Kitaazumi-gun, she is believed to be the daughter of Watatsumi no Mikoto and the younger sister of Hotakami. Another theory proposes that she is the daughter of Amayasakahiko no Mikoto, who descended from heaven following Nigihayahi no Mikoto. However, this theory is based on the name of the same god in the Edo period and may not have strong historical evidence

There is a legend that Omiwatari (cracks that form in the ice on Lake Suwa) are formed when Takeminakata no kami, the god enshrined at kami sha (southern shrine building in Suwa taisha Shrine) visits shimo sha (northern shrine building in Suwa taisha Shrine) enshrining Yasakatome no kami.

It is said that her father was Amenoyasakahiko no mikoto and that Yasakairihime no mikoto was her younger sister. Another folkloric myth says that Yasakatome no kami was a daughter of Watatsumi and a younger sister of Hotakami no mikoto.





Oyamakui no Kami

Oyamakuhi no kami is a Japanese deity. He is worshipped at Hiyoshi Taisha.

He is the son of Toshigami.

Oyamakui is recorded in Kojiki, written in the 8th century AD, which states that this god resides at Mount Hiei, which is located immediately to the east of Hiyoshi Taisha. This "kami" was relocated from the summit of the mountain to its present location in the seventh year of the reign of the semi-legendary Emperor Sujin, or 90 BC per the traditional calendar.


Violator (album)

Violator is the seventh studio album by Depeche Mode. Depeche Mode is an English electronic music band. The album was released on 19 March 1990. It was released by Mute Records. It was also released by Sire and Reprise Records in the United States.

The album had four singles. Two of them were released before the album. These were named "Personal Jesus" and "Enjoy the Silence". Later, "Policy of Truth" and "World in My Eyes" were released as singles. "Violator" made Depeche Mode much more popular. It was the band's first album to be in the top 10 on the "Billboard" 200. It was number two on the UK Albums Chart. The song "Enjoy the Silence" was in the top 10 on the "Billboard" 100 and UK Singles Chart. It has been on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the best 500 albums ever made.

Silas Hite

Silas Hite (born March 30, 1980) is an American composer, multi-instrumentalist, record producer and visual artist.

Hite was born in Scottsdale, Arizona to Patrick Hite and Amy Mothersbaugh.

Hite's influences include Calexico, Bob Dylan, Peter Bernstein, Gustavo Santaolalla, Lalo Schifrin, Chris Mancini, David Newman, Jean-Michel Jarre, Bernard Herrmann, Joel Goldsmith, Joseph Williams, Danny Elfman, Alexandre Desplat, Ryan Shore, Hervé Legrand, John Barry, Mychael Danna, James Horner, Rolfe Kent, Andrea Morricone, Alan Silvestri, Kevin Kiner, Michael Kamen, John Powell, Hans Zimmer, James Newton Howard, David Arnold, Carter Burwell, Harry Gregson-Williams, Alberto Iglesias, John Debney, Georges Delerue, Brian Tyler, Klaus Badelt, Teddy Castellucci, Mark Isham, Bear McCreary, Basil Poledouris and George S. Clinton.


East Kalimantan

East Kalimantan (Indonesian: Kalimantan Timur) is a province in the island of Borneo. The Indonesian future capital, Nusantara, will be in Sepaku, Penajam Paser Utara Regency. The capital is in Samarinda. The economy of Balikpapan eight times are more "maju" than the capital province.

Ame-no-Tajikarao

Ame-no-tajikaro is a god of sports and physical power, and is worshipped at these shrines




Dirk Nannes

Dirk Peter Nannes was born 16 May, 1976 in Mount Waverley, Victoria. He is a Dutch-Australia cricketer who played one One-day International and 17 Twenty20 Internationals for Australia and the Netherlands in 2009 and 2010. He is also a professional skiier.


List of Nepal Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of cricketers who play Twenty20 International cricket for Nepal.

Statelessness

Statelessness is a legal and social concept applicable to persons who are not citizens or subjects of any state.

Tagata Shrine

Tagata Shrine is a small shrine located in Komaki City, Aichi Prefecture, Japan. It a Shikinaisha and was previously designated as Go-sha.

Tagata Shrine is famous for its Harvest Festival Hōnensai held annually in March. The old character form of 'ken' is written as '碣' (agata, ken), and sometimes used to represent Tagata Shrine.

It is near Ōagata jinja which has a similar yonic festival the day before

The deities enshrined here are Toshigami and Tamahime no Mikoto, gods of bountiful harvests and prosperity of descendants. According to the shrine's legend, this area was part of the residence of Oarata no Mikoto, and the goddess of a bountiful harvest was enshrined in the residence. Tamahime no Mikoto was the daughter of Oarata no Mikoto, and after her husband died, she returned to her parents' home and raised her children splendidly as a mother while helping her father to develop the area. It is said that

Within the grounds of Tagata Shrine, there are several stones that have been carved into the shape of phalluses.

The exact year of foundation for Tagata Shrine is unknown, but it is considered to be a fairly old shrine with roots in indigenous beliefs. It is known for combining beliefs related to fertility and agriculture. In historical records such as Engishiki Jinmyocho, it is identified as 'Tagata-jinja Shrine, Niwa-gun, Owari Province', and in 'Owari National Shrine' in 1364 as 'Junior Third Rank Uedakata Tenjin'. The shrine was later relocated to its current location in the former Kasugai County.

The harvest festival, known as 'Hounensai' or 'Hounen Matsuri', is held on March 15th every year at Tagata Shrine. It is also commonly referred to as the 'Henoko Festival'. During this festival, men carry a mikoshi (portable shrine) in the shape of a phallus called Oowasegata, while mikos carry smaller phallic-shaped portable shrines. According to legend, touching the mikoshi is believed to bring fertility and the blessing of having a child. The giant stem of the mikoshi is approximately 60 centimeters in diameter and over 2 meters long, making it a significant and prominent feature of the festival.

During the Hōnensai or Hounen Matsuri festival, the phallus is symbolized as 'heaven' and the female yin as 'earth'. The festival serves as a prayer for abundant harvests of the five grains through the blessings of heaven and the moistening of the earth, as well as for blessings of children. The festival is held in spring, which also represents the birth of new life, further emphasizing the connection between fertility, agriculture, and the cycle of life in this indigenous belief system.
In Inuyama City, there is another festival called Hounen Matsuri (or Ososo Matsuri) at Ōagata jinja. This festival includes floats shaped like a vulva, which complement the phallic-shaped mikoshi used in the festival.
Souvenirs of phallic-shaped candies, chocolates, and objects are available for sale at the festival.

In recent years, the festival has gained popularity among foreign tourists, and many visitors from abroad also come to experience it.

During the Hounensai festival, multiple parking lots near the shrine are available for visitors to use.





Better Be Good to Me

"Better Be Good to Me" is a 1984 song by Tina Turner. It is the fourth single from her fifth studio album "Private Dancer". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 6 in Canada, number 21 in Ireland, number 22 in New Zealand and the Netherlands, number 28 in Australia and number 33 in Belgium. It won a Grammy Award in 2015.


Baby Blue (Badfinger song)

"Baby Blue" is a 1972 song by Welsh rock band Badfinger. It is from their fourth studio album "Straight Up". It went to number 3 in Malaysia, number 7 in Canada, number 9 in the United States, number 14 in Sweden and the United States, number 16 in Australia, number 18 in South Africa, number 30 in Germany, number 35 in Ireland and number 73 in the United Kingdom. It was used in series finale of "Breaking Bad".

List of West Indies Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of West Indies Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International since 2006.

The Killing Moon

"The Killing Moon" is a 1984 song by Echo & the Bunnymen. It is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Ocean Rain". It went to number 7 in Ireland, number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in New Zealand and number 96 in Australia.


88 modern constellations by area

The International Astronomical Union (IAU) names 88 constellations of stars. In the table below, they are ranked by the solid angle that they subtend in the sky, measured in square degrees and millisteradians.

These solid angles depend on borders between the constellations: the list below is based on constellation borders drawn up by Eugène Delporte in 1930 for the IAU and published in "Délimitation scientifique des constellations" (Cambridge University Press). Before Delporte's work, there was no standard list of the borders of each constellation.

Delporte drew the borders along vertical and horizontal lines of right ascension and declination; however, he did so for the epoch B1875.0, which means that due to precession of the equinoxes, the borders on a modern star map (e.g., for epoch J2000) are already somewhat distorted and no longer perfectly vertical or horizontal. This distortion will increase over the centuries to come. However, this does not change the solid angle of any constellation.

People Are Strange

"People Are Strange" is a 1967 song by The Doors. It was taken from their second studio album "Strange Days". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 9 in New Zealand and number 12 in the United States. The track was first released with "Unhappy Girl" as its B-side.

In 1987, British group Echo & the Bunnymen covered "People Are Strange" for the 1987 film "The Lost Boys". It went to number 29 in the United Kingdom and number 13 in Ireland in 1991.

Beta Monocerotis

Beta Monocerotis (Beta Mon, β Monocerotis, β Mon) is a triple star system in the constellation of Monoceros. To the naked eye, it appears as a single star with an apparent visual magnitude of about 3.74, making it the brightest visible star in the constellation. A telescope shows a curved line of three pale blue stars (or pale yellow stars, depending on the scope's focus). William Herschel who discovered it in 1781 commented that it is "one of the most beautiful sights in the heavens". The star system consists of three Be stars, β Monocerotis A, β Monocerotis B, and β Monocerotis C. There is also an additional visual companion star that is probably not physically close to the other three stars.

Behind Locked Doors

Behind Locked Doors is a 1948 American drama movie directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Lucille Bremer, Richard Carlson, Douglas Fowley, Ralf Harolde, Herbert Hayes, Thomas Browne Henry, Tor Johnson. It was distributed by Eagle-Lion Films.


Middle of the Road (song)

"Middle of the Road" is a 1983 song by The Pretenders and was taken from their third studio album "Learning to Crawl". It went to number 12 in Canada, number 19 in the United States, number 28 in Belgium, number 52 in Australia and number 81 in the United Kingdom. In 1989 it was donated to Greenpeace.

Change of Heart (Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers song)

"Change of Heart" is a 1983 song by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and is the second and final single from their fifth studio album "Long After Dark". It went to number 21 in the United States and number 36 in Canada. It is based on the 1972 song "Do Ya" by The Move.

Milldale, New Zealand

Milldale is a suburb of Auckland, 33 kilometres north of the city centre and is situated west of Orewa. The Auckland Northern Motorway is on the eastern side of the boundary. The suburb began construction in 2019 and is expected to be completed by 2032.

Meraas

Meraas is a private company in Dubai with many businesses in the United Arab Emirates. In 2020, it was supposed to become part of Dubai Holding.

Meraas started in 2007 and has worked on many projects in different areas like real estate, shopping, hotels, food, fun, and healthcare. Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum is the leader of the group.

The company has made and managed many buildings in Dubai. Some of these are Port de La Mer, Central Park at City Walk, Cherrywoods, Bluewaters Residences, Bvlgari Residences, Nikki Beach Residences, and Villa Amalfi.

List of United States ODI cricketers

A One Day International (ODI) is an international cricket match between two representative teams. This is a list of cricketers from the United States that joined ODI matches.

Ping Identity

Ping Identity is an American software company that provides identity management and access control solutions for web identities, allowing users to access applications with a single set of credentials. The company has offices in various locations worldwide and offers products such as PingID, PingFederate, and PingOne. Ping Identity has received funding from various investors and was acquired by Thoma Bravo in 2022.

Ping Identity founded in 2002 by Andre Durand and Bryan Field-Elliot, in Denver, Colorado.

Ping Identity has received a number of rounds of funding, beginning with a Series A on April 16, 2004. 

Ping Identity was listed on the New York Stock Exchange with 12,500,000 shares of common stock at $15.00 per share. It has received $35 million on September 18, 2014, $44 million from DFJ Growth and W Capital Partners on July 16, 2013, as well as $21 million on June 21, 2011, and $13 million from Appian Ventures.

In August 2022, Thoma Bravo bought Ping Identity for $2.8 billion in an all-cash transaction.

Kiteworks

Kiteworks is an American technology company based in San Mateo, California that provides secure content communication solutions for email, file transfer, web forms, and application programming interfaces. 

The company was founded in 1999 in Singapore as Accellion, initially focused on distributed file storage and later shifted focus on secure file transmission. 

In 2016, Accellion started to create integrations with major cybersecurity independent software vendors (ISVs).

In 2020, Accellion was rebranded as Kiteworks. The Kiteworks Private Content Network is a consolidated platform for file and email data communications, designed to reduce data privacy exposure risk and demonstrate compliance with regulations. In late 2020, a zero-day exploit on a legacy product led to data breaches of dozens of government and private organizations in multiple countries. The company's products are used by over 3,800 organizations worldwide.

In January 2022, Kiteworks acquired totemo, an email encryption gateway provider based in Zurich, Switzerland.

Far Beyond Driven

Far Beyond Driven is Pantera's seventh album and was released on 22 March, 1994. It went to number 1 in Australia and the United States. It went Platinum in Australia, Canada and the United States.

Caspio

Caspio is an American software company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in Ukraine, Poland, and the Philippines. Caspio was founded by Frank Zamani in 2000. The company focuses on database-centric web applications.

Caspio was founded by Frank Zamani in 2000. The company initially focused on simplifying custom cloud applications and reducing development time and cost as compared to traditional software development.

Caspio released the first version of its platform, Caspio Bridge, in 2001. In 2014, Caspio released a HIPAA-Compliant Edition of its low-code application development platform.

Caspio also released an EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Compliance Edition of its low-code application development platform in 2016. Caspio also opened data centers in Montreal, Canada and India in 2020.

CloudMe

CloudMe is a file storage service that allows users to store, share, and access their files from different devices. It offers a blue folder that appears on all devices with the same content, and all files are synchronized between devices. It provides encrypted SSL connection with SSL Extended Validation Certificate. It has client software for different platforms including Windows, macOS, Linux, Android, iOS, Google TV, Samsung Smart TV, WD TV, Windows Storage Server for NAS and web browsers.

CloudMe was founded by Daniel Arthursson in 2012 and is mainly owned by Xcerion. 

It received several awards including the Red Herring Top 100 Global, AlwaysON Global 250 award, White Bull 2012 Yearling Award and the White Bull 2014 Longhorn Award. Previously known as iCloud.com, the service changed its name after Apple acquired the domain and trademark.

The former iCloud.com service was split into two companies and services, CloudMe for file sync and storage, and CloudTop as the virtual cloud desktop that included file storage.

CloudMe features a Cloud storage and sync solution that allows the users to store, access and share their content, both with each other and with people outside the service. Sharing can be done by email, text messaging, Facebook and Google. Files can be stored in a blue folder, which is synchronized to all connected computers and devices.

Confucian Shinto

Confucian Shinto is a Japanese religious tradition. It started in Japan during a time called the Edo period. This was from 1603 to 1868. It mixes parts of Confucianism and Shinto. Confucianism is a Chinese way of thinking and acting. Shinto is the original religion of Japan. Some people also call Confucian Shinto "Neo-Confucian Shinto". This is because it uses parts of Confucian teachings in Shinto beliefs and ways.
There are groups today linked with Confucian Shinto. These groups are Shinto Taiseikyo, Shinto Shusei, and Tsuchimikado Shinto. Suika Shinto was a known school of Confucian Shinto but no longer exists, it was founded by Yamazaki Ansai.

Confucian Shinto started in the 17th century. This is when Japanese people started to read Chinese Confucian books. They put Confucian ideas into their understanding of Shinto. A big name in this was Yamazaki Ansai. He lived from 1618 to 1682. He made a mix of Confucianism and Shinto. This mix focused on good behavior and respect for parents.

A student of Ansai, Kaibara Ekken, further developed these ideas. Ekken lived from 1630 to 1714. He wrote many important books on Confucian Shinto. One of these books is called the "Greater Learning for Women." Ekken's books stressed the need for education and becoming good. He said Confucian ethics should be part of daily life.

In the 18th and 19th centuries, Confucian Shinto became more liked by the samurai class. They thought it helped them balance their duty to the emperor with their Confucian ideas. These ideas were about loyalty, honor, and being right. Regular people also liked Confucian Shinto. They were drawn to its focus on family values and everyday ethics. A thought by Wang Yangming was very important to Confucian Shinto. This thought was about the unity of knowledge and action.

Confucian Shinto had a significant impact on Japanese society during the Edo period and beyond. It helped to shape the moral values and social norms of the samurai class, and played a role in the development of modern Japanese nationalism.

Confucian Shinto also had an influence on the Meiji Restoration of 1868, which marked the end of the Edo period and the beginning of modern Japan. The leaders of the restoration sought to revive traditional Japanese values and culture, and saw Confucian Shinto as a way to do so. They promoted the idea of kokutai, or the "national essence", which was based on the Confucian notion of the ruler-subject relationship and the Shinto idea of the emperor as a divine being. Fukko Shinto which was also quite significant developed in reaction to Confucian Shinto, and it was the predecessor to State Shinto.

In Sect Shinto, Shinto Taiseikyo and Shinto Shusei are groups with Confucian influence. Tsuchimikado Shinto also carries on this legacy. But it is not a member of the Sect Shinto association.

Mansa district, India

Mansa is a city and municipal council in Mansa district of Punjab, India. It is the administrative headquarters of Mansa district. It is on the Bathinda-Jind-Delhi railway line and also on the Barnala-Sardulgarh-Sirsa state highway.

Doda

Doda may refer to:


Steve Lacy (singer)

Steve Thomas Lacy-Moya (born May 23, 1998) is an American singer, songwriter, guitar player, and music producer. He became popular for being the guitar player for the Internet, an alternative R&B band. In 2017, he started making music by himself. He released an extended play (EP) named "Steve Lacy's Demo". After this, he worked with other music makers, such as Kendrick Lamar, Solange, Frank Ocean, Calvin Harris, and Tyler, the Creator.

His first studio album was released in 2019. It is named "Apollo XXI". It was nominated for a Grammy Award. It went onto the "Billboard" 200 music chart. His second studio album is named "Gemini Rights". It was released in 2022. The album had a single named "Bad Habit". It was Lacy's first single to go to the number one spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was very popular on social media websites, such as TikTok. He won a Grammy Award for the album.


Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp

The Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp are a Minor League Baseball team from Jacksonville, Florida. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Jumbo Shrimp are partnered with the Miami Marlins, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Marlins.

The team started playing baseball in 1962 as the Jacksonville Suns. They did not play in 1969, but they did play from 1970 to 1984. The team changed their name to the Jacksonville Expos in 1985. They changed it back to Suns in 1991. In 2017, they changed their name to "Jumbo Shrimp" because lots of shrimp are caught in the area.

The Jumbo Shrimp have played at a stadium called 121 Financial Ballpark since 2003. Before that, they played at Sam W. Wolfson Baseball Park.


Jean-Luc Raharimanana

Jean-Luc Raharimanana is a writer from Madagascar. He wrote his first book in his native country, but he was unable to publish it because of the political situation. He went to France to study ethnolinguistics at the University of Paris and the Institut National des langues et civilisations orientales following his graduation from the University of Antananarivo in 1989, due to a stipendium he received from the RFI.

After completing his studies in France, Raharimanana went on to work as a journalist and French teacher.

In his works, Raharimanana often describes the situation of poverty and corruption and the history in his homeland in a violent and lyrical style. Several of his screenplays have been adapted for theatre and he is the subject of the 2004 documentary Gouttes d’encre sur l’île rouge.

Raharimanana's works have been translated into German, English, Italian, and Spanish.

Raharimanana currently lives in Paris.

Beothuk

Beothuk is a Canadian First Nation group in Newfoundland. It was the first and only First Nation group to be extinct.

Mechinagar Municipality

Mechinagar (Nepali: मेचीनगर) is a municipality in Jhapa District, Koshi Province, Nepal and is the main entry point from India on Nepal's eastern border. Nepal's custom office is in Kakarvitta (Nepali: काँकडभिट्टा), a section of the municipality. The city is almost 475 km south east of the capital city Kathmandu and 115 km east of the state capital of Province One Biratnagar.

Zhangixalus dorsoviridis

The green-back tree frog ("Zhangixalus dorsoviridis") is a frog. It lives in China and Vietnam.

Zhangixalus dennysi

Denny's whipping frog, Denny's gliding tree frog, Denny's large tree frog, large tree frog or Blanford's whipping frog ("Zhangixalus dennysi") is a frog. It lives in China, Vietnam, Laos, and Myanmar. People have seen it between 200 and 1500 meters above sea level.

Tree That Owns Itself

The Tree That Owns Itself is a white oak tree in Athens, Georgia that is said to own itself and the land within eight feet of it. Legend says that a man named William Henry Jackson deeded the tree the ownership of itself and its surrounding land in the early 19th century. The original tree fell in 1942, but a new one was grown from one of its acorns and planted in the same location. Although the deed is lost or never existed, the local government recognizes the tree as owning itself, and it is maintained as a public street tree. The story of the tree is well-known, but there is no legal basis for the ownership claim.

Yeson Entertainment

Yeson Entertainment (alternatively spelled Yaeson) is a Seoul-based South Korean animation studio founded in 1993.


Canal du Midi

The Canal du Midi is one of the oldest canals of Europe still open. It is 240 km (150 miles) long, going from Toulouse, where it meets the Canal de Garonne, to the Mediterranean where it joins the Étang de Thau, a large lake. It was built from 1666 to 1681, during the reign of Louis XIV. It joins the Mediterranean and the Atlantic ocean. Many earlier plans had been made, but were not built because of the difficulty of getting water to supply the highest level. A reservoir was built with a large dam at Bassin de Saint-Ferréol. The dam is 780 metres (2,560 feet) long, with a maximum height of 32 metres (105 ft), and a base thickness of more than 140 m (450 ft). It was the largest work of civil engineering in Europe and only the second major dam to be built in Europe. Nearly 12,000 people worked to build it.

It was built with oval shaped locks 30.5 m (100 ft) long, 6 m (20 ft) wide at the gates and 11 m (36 ft) wide in the middle. There are six aqueducts. There was a flight of 8 staircase locks (now only 6) at Fonseranes near Béziers.

Mittellandkanal

The Mittelland Canal is a major canal in central Germany. It is the main east-west inland waterway. It also links France, Switzerland and the Benelux countries with Poland, the Czech Republic and the Baltic Sea. At 325.7 kilometres (202.4 miles) it is the longest artificial waterway in Germany. It goes from the Dortmund-Ems Canal to the Elbe River near Magdeburg, where it joins the Elbe-Havel Canal. 

Building was started in 1906, and the final section to Magdeburg was opened in 1938.

Dortmund-Ems Canal

The Dortmund–Ems Canal is a 269-kilometre (167 mile) long canal in Germany between the inland port of the city of Dortmund (51°31′30″N 7°26′40″E) and the seaport of Emden. It was opened in 1899 to reduce demand on the railway network, which could not cope with the transport of products from the Ruhr area. It was bombed in World War II.

There is a long-distance cycling route next to the canal.

Chōzuya

The water sometimes comes from wells and sometimes from tap water.



Mount Penglai

 

Penglai () is a place Chinese mythology. In Japanese mythology it is called Hōrai.

Since before the Qin dynasty people said that immortals live there. 

In the story of Urashima Tarō Mount Penglai is linked with Tokoyo. In the original Chinese text, Mount Penglai is called Horai, but it's also noted that it should be pronounced as Tokoyo-no-kuni.



Crinan Canal

The Crinan Canal between Crinan and Ardrishaig in Argyll and Bute is operated by Scottish Canals. It opened in 1801 and is about nine miles (14 km) long. It connects the village of Ardrishaig on Loch Gilp with the Sound of Jura. This makes a short cut between the River Clyde and the Inner Hebrides, avoiding the Mull of Kintyre.

Queen Victoria travelled along the canal to Crinan during a holiday in the Scottish Highlands in 1847. She was greeted at Ardrishaig and her boat was towed by four horses, two of which were ridden by servants in royal livery. At Crinan she boarded the royal yacht "Victoria and Albert". Her journey made the canal a tourist attraction.

Union Canal (Scotland)

The Union Canal, full name the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal, is a canal in Scotland. It goes from Falkirk to Edinburgh. It was made to bring minerals, especially coal, to Edinburgh. It was opened in 1822 and was successful, but the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway, which opened in 1842 took the trade. It declined and was closed to commercial traffic in 1933. It was officially closed in 1965. 

It was reopened in 2001 and reconnected to the Forth and Clyde Canal in 2002 by the Falkirk Wheel. It is now in popular use for pleasure boats. 

Sukunabikona

Sukunabikona is the Shinto kami of hot springs, agriculture, healing, magic, brewing sake and knowledge. His name means "the small lord of renown." He is often described as being a dwarf and is often paired with Ōkuninushi.

The asteroid derives its name from him.

Kunitama

Kunitama is a concept in Shinto. It refers to a personification of a Province of Japan.


Sandō

A in Japanese architecture is the road approaching either a Shinto shrine or a Buddhist temple. Roads to shinto shrines have "torii gates." Roads to Buddhist temples have "sanmon gates". The word can refer a literal road or a metaphorical path of life. Sando sometimes have stone lanterns on their course, or pass through chinju no Mori.


Aotsuka Kofun

The is an ancient Japanese burial mound. It is located in Ōagata Shrine in the city of Inuyama, Aichi in the Tōkai region of Japan. In 1983 the Japanese government declared it a National Historic Site of Japan. It is the second biggest "kofun" in Aichi Prefecture after the Danpusan Kofun in Nagoya.


Mōri clan

The Mōri clan was a group of Japanese samurai that originated from Ōe no Hiromoto, who was a descendant of the Fujiwara clan. One of their most famous members, Mōri Motonari, greatly increased the clan's influence in Aki Province. During the Edo period, Motonari's descendants became daimyō (feudal lords) of the Chōshū Domain under the rule of the Tokugawa shogunate. However, after the Meiji Restoration, which abolished the han system and daimyō, the Mōri clan became part of the new nobility.


This article incorporates text from OpenHistory.

Hotaka, Nagano

In 2003 31,980 people lived in it. 219.91 people lived in it per km². The town is 145.42 km².

Hotaka, Akashina, Toyoshina, Horigane, and Misato merged to form the city of Azumino on October 1, 2005.


Hoori

Hoori (also known as Hikohohodemi no Mikoto or Yamasachi-hiko) is a character in Japanese mythology. He is the third and youngest son of Ninigi-no-Mikoto and , the blossom princess. Hoori is considered an ancestor of the Emperors of Japan and the grandfather of Emperor Jimmu.

Hoori's story is told in ancient Japanese texts called the Kojiki and the Nihon Shoki. Hoori was a hunter who had an argument with his older brother Hoderi, a fisherman, over a fish-hook that Hoori had borrowed but lost. Hoderi insisted that Hoori return the exact same fish-hook, as each tool was believed to have its own unique spirit. To find the lost hook, Hoori went to the bottom of the sea where he met Toyotama-hime, the daughter of the sea god Ryūjin. With the sea god's help, Hoori found Hoderi's lost hook and eventually married Toyotama-hime.

Hoori and his wife lived in a palace beneath the sea for three years, but Hoori began to feel homesick and wanted to return to his own country. His brother forgave him after he returned the lost hook, and Toyotama-hime gave birth to their son, Ugayafukiaezu. However, during Toyotama-hime's childbirth, she made Hoori promise not to peek at her true form. But Hoori broke his promise and saw that she was actually a dragon, specifically a wani. Toyotama-hime was embarrassed and returned to her father, never to return. Ugayafukiaezu married Toyotama-hime's sister, Tamayori-hime, who raised him, and she gave birth to Emperor Jimmu, the first Emperor of Japan. Hoori ruled over Takachiho in Hyūga Province for 560 years.

Hoori is often linked to his parents and wife in Japanese mythology. He is primarily revered as a deity associated with cereals or grains. In Japanese mythology, it was believed that the "ho" part of his name meant fire, but it actually refers to crops, specifically rice, represented by a different character pronounced "ho" (穂). "Ori" (折り, to bend) signifies a bountiful crop that bends under its own weight. Another name for Hoori, Hohodemi, means "many harvests."


Toyotama-hime

Toyotama, also known as Toyotamahime or Toyotama-hime, married Prince Hoori. However, she returned to the sea when he broke his vow not to spy on her while she was going through childbirth. The child she gave birth to was named Ugayafukiaezu.



Ikukunitama Shrine

Ikukunitama Shrine (生國魂神社, "Ikukunitama jinja") is a Shinto shrine located in Tennōji-ku, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. It holds a big festival on September 9. It it used to be a first rank shrine (官幣大社, "kanpei taisha") in the Modern system of ranked Shinto Shrines.


Toshigami

Ōtoshi, also known as Ōtoshi-no-kami or Nigihayahi-no-mikoto, is a deity in the Shinto religion of Japan. Often referred to as Toshigami or Ōtoshi-no-kami, this god is associated with the passage of time and is often considered as the "Year God" or the "Great-Year God" due to their connection with the changing of years in Japanese traditions.

Ōtoshi is believed to be the son of the deities Susanoo and Kamu'ō-ichi-hime. He is the older brother of Inari.


Hōnensai

The Harvest Festival, known as Hōnensai in Japan, is a fertility festival that takes place annually on March 15th. The word "Hōnen" means "prosperous year" in Japanese, signifying a plentiful harvest, and "matsuri" refers to a festival or celebration. The Hōnen festival and ceremony are held to express gratitude for a bountiful harvest and to celebrate prosperity and fertility in various forms. 

The venerated Shinto deities in this context are Mitoshi (御歳神, Mitoshi-no-kami) and Tamahime (玉姫命, Tamahime-no-mikoto). Mitoshi is the son of Toshigami (年神) or locally known as Ōtoshi (大歳神, Ōtoshi-no-kami), a male Shinto deity, and the grandson of Susanoo, another Shinto deity. Tamahime is a princess and the daughter of Ō'arata (大荒田命, Ō'arata-no-Mikoto), the matriarch of the Owari clan (尾張氏), and her husband Take'inadane (健稲種命, Take'inadane-no-mikoto), who had two sons and four daughters. After her husband's death, she returned to his hometown Arata (situated close to Komaki) and, with the help of her father Ō'arata, encouraged cultivation and achieved his accomplishments in his honor.

The most well-known of these festivals occurs in the town of Komaki, located just north of Nagoya City in Japan. The festival is characterized by Shinto priests playing musical instruments, a parade of participants dressed in ceremonial attire, free-flowing sake (Japanese rice wine) for all to enjoy, and a prominent wooden phallus as a symbol of fertility.

The festival involves carrying a large wooden phallus called "youbutsu" or "ō-owase-gata," which weighs 280 kg (620 pounds) and measures 2.5 meters (96 inches) in length. The phallus is made of Japanese cypress and is estimated to be 200-250 years old. It is carried from a shrine called Shinmei Sha in Komaki on a large hill during even-numbered years, or from Kumano-sha Shrine during odd-numbered years, to a shrine called Tagata Jinja in Komaki, Tagata, Aichi Prefecture.

The festival begins with celebrations and preparations at 10:00 a.m. at Tagata Jinja, where various types of food and souvenirs, often in the shape of phallus or related themes, are sold. Free sake is also distributed from large wooden barrels. Around 2:00 p.m., everyone gathers at Shinmei Sha to start the procession. Shinto priests perform prayers and blessings for the participants, mikoshi (portable shrines), and the large wooden phallus, which will be carried along the parade route.

As the procession reaches Tagata Jinja, the wooden phallus in its mikoshi is spun vigorously before being set down, and additional prayers are offered. Afterwards, everyone gathers in the square outside Tagata Jinja and eagerly awaits the mochi nage, a highlight of the festival. During the mochi nage, officials throw small rice cakes down from raised platforms, showering the crowd with these treats. The festival typically concludes around 4:30 p.m.



Oki District, Shimane

As of 2003, the estimated population of Oki district is 24,500, with a population density of 70.79 people per square kilometer. The total area of the district is 346.10 square kilometers.

The Oki District includes the Oki Islands, which were known as Oki Province in the past.

<templatestyles src="Module:Coordinates/styles.css"></templatestyles>

Munakata Taisha

Munakata Taisha is a group of three Shinto shrines located in Munakata, Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is considered the head shrine among approximately 6,000 Munakata shrines throughout the country. While the name Munakata Taisha refers to all three shrines - Hetsu-gū, Nakatsu-gū, and Okitsu-gū - it is commonly used to specifically refer to Hetsu-gū. As mentioned in Japan's second oldest book, Nihon Shoki, the shrines are dedicated to the three Munakata goddesses known as Munakata-sanjojin.

These deities, known as Munakata-sanjojin, are believed to be either daughters of the goddess Amaterasu, who is considered the ancestress of the imperial family, or daughters of Susanoo, who has been worshipped at Munakata Taisha as the god of mariners for many years. Over time, Susanoo has also come to be revered as the god of traffic safety on land.

Munakata Taisha is also home to many Japanese treasures. Hetsu-gū's "honden" (main shrine) and "haiden" (main prayer hall) are both designated Important Cultural Properties and the precincts are a Historic Site

Munakata Taisha is not only a place of worship, but also home to many precious Japanese treasures. The honden (main shrine) and haiden (main prayer hall) of Hetsu-gū are designated as Important Cultural Properties, and the entire precincts are recognized as a Historic Site. In addition, the shrine's treasure hall called Shinpō-kan, located at the southwest corner of Hetsu-gū's grounds, holds numerous valuable relics, including six National Treasures of Japan. The Shinpō-kan houses over 120,000 artifacts that were excavated on Okinoshima, an island associated with Munakata Taisha..

All three shrines of Munakata Taisha are located in Fukuoka Prefecture, but they are situated on separate islands. The main shrine, Hetsu-gū, is located on the mainland of Kyūshū. Nakatsu-gū is situated at the base of Mt. Mitake on the island of Ōshima, which is off the west coast of Kyūshū. The last shrine, Okitsu-gū, is located on the island of Okinoshima, which is situated in the middle of the Genkai Sea. The entire island of Okinoshima is considered sacred, and as a result, women are not allowed to set foot on the island. Men must also perform a purification ceremony before landing on Okinoshima according to the shrine's customs..

In 2009, the three shrines of Munakata Taisha were submitted for potential inclusion on the UNESCO World Heritage List as part of a serial nomination called "Okinoshima Island and Related Sites in Munakata Region.".

In July, 2017 Japan's Okinoshima Island gained UNESCO World Heritage Status.


Tokugawa Mitsukuni

Tokugawa Mitsukuni, also known as Mito Kōmon, was a Japanese daimyo. He was important in the politics of the early Edo period. He was born on 11 July 1628. He was the third son of Tokugawa Yorifusa, who was the eleventh son of Tokugawa Ieyasu. Mitsukuni succeeded his father and became the second daimyo of the Mito Domain. He was known for his influence and involvement in politics during his time.


Suburbia (song)

"Suburbia" is a 1986 song by Pet Shop Boys and is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Please". It went to number 1 in Belgium, number 2 in Germany and Spain, number 3 in Ireland, the Netherlands and Switzerland, number 5 in New Zealand, number 6 in Sweden, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Australia, number 13 in Finland and number 70 in the United States.

7-inch: Parlophone / R 6140 (UK)

2×7-inch: Parlophone / RD 6140 (UK)

MC: Parlophone / TC R 6140 (UK)

MC: Parlophone / TR 6140 (UK)

12-inch: Parlophone / 12 R 6140 (UK)

12-inch: EMI America / V-19226 (US)


Hiroshima Electric Railway

. is a company in Japan. It runs streetcars and buses in and around Hiroshima Prefecture, and is commonly referred to as "Hiroden" for short.

The company has a diverse collection of trams from various parts of Japan and Europe, which has earned it the nickname "The Moving Streetcar Museum".

From January 2008 the company has accepted PASPY, a smart card ticket system.

This is the longest tram network in Japan, with .

On 6 August 1945, Hiroshima was devastated by the atomic bombing during World War II. The bombing resulted in the deaths of 185 employees of the local tramway company and caused damage or destruction to 108 out of its 123 trams. However, within just three days, the tramway system resumed operations. Remarkably, three trams that survived or were rebuilt after the bombing are still in operation even 75 years later..


Futodama

Futodama () is a god in Japanese mythology who is believed to be the ancestor of the Inbe clan. The characteristics of Futodama are believed to reflect the functions of the clan as court ritualists..

Wakoku

Wakoku was the name used by early China and its neighboring states to refer to what is now known as Japan. There are different ideas about how much power the early kings of Japan had. 

According to ancient Chinese books like the Book of Sui and the History of the Northern Dynasties, the borders of Japan were described as being five months from east to west and three months from north to south. 

The Wajin, who were people from Japan, were mentioned in historical documents like the Book of Han and the Geographical Survey of Japan, dating back to around the 2nd century BC. 

In the late 7th century, the Yamato kingdom, which was also known as Yamato, changed its external name to Japan, but its relation to Japan mentioned in the Book of the Later Han is not clear. There are differences in the descriptions found in the Old Book of Tang and the New Book of Tang.


Wajinden

The Wajinden is one of the earliest historical accounts of Japan. It refers to passages found in the 30th volume of the Chinese history book Records of the Three Kingdoms. These passages describe the Wa people, who would later be known as the Japanese people, and provide information about their customs, geography, and other aspects of their lives. The Records of the Three Kingdoms was written by Chen Shou during the Western Jin Dynasty at the end of the 3rd century, between the years 280 and 297, which was the year of Chen Shou's death..


Sumiyoshi sanjin

Sumiyoshi taisha has four buildings for four "kami"— the three Sumiyoshi brothers and Empress Jingū.


Paper mulberry

The paper mulberry (Broussonetia papyrifera, also known as Morus papyrifera L.) is a type of flowering plant that belongs to the Moraceae family. It is originally from Asia, including countries such as Taiwan, China, Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia, Myanmar, and India. It is also cultivated in many other regions and has been introduced as a species in parts of Europe, the United States, and Africa. It is sometimes referred to as the "tapa cloth tree".

People in Asia and some Pacific Islands have been cultivating this plant for many centuries for food, fiber, and medicine.


Kamigyō-ku

Kamigyō-ku (上京区) is one of the eleven wards in the city of Kyoto, in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan. It is located in the center of modern-day Kyoto and was previously part of the northern region of the ancient capital of Kyoto. The Kamo River flows along its eastern border. In the past, this area was known for its royal and upper-class residences in the old capital of Kyoto.

Kamigyō-ku is known for being home to several notable landmarks and cultural institutions, including the Kyoto Imperial Palace, the Kitano Tenmangu Shinto shrine, the Seimei shrine, nishijin-ori textiles, and the headquarters of the Omotesenke and Urasenke schools of Japanese tea ceremony.

As of 2020, the population of Kamigyō-ku was 83,832 people.

The Masugata Shōtengai Shopping District is a location featured in the 2013 anime series "Tamako Market", which was produced by Kyoto Animation.


Bush clover

Lespedeza is a genus of about 40 species of flowering plants in the pea family (Fabaceae), 

They are commonly known as bush clovers or (particularly East Asian species) Japanese clovers ("hagi"). 

Nashinoki Shrine hosts an annual festival.



Imamiya Ebisu Shrine

Imamiya Ebisu Shrine, also known as Imamiya Ebisu jinja, is a Shinto shrine located in Naniwa-ku, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. According to legend, it was established during the reign of Empress Suiko in 600. The shrine's annual festival is held from January 9 to 11. The kami (deities) enshrined at Imamiya Ebisu Shrine include Amaterasu, Kotoshironushi (also known as Ebisu), Susanoo-no-Mikoto, Tsukuyomi-no-Mikoto, and Wakahiru-me.



Aoshima Shrine

, also known as Aoshima Shrine, is a Shinto shrine located on Aoshima Island in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan. It is dedicated to the deities Hikohohodemi, Toyotama-hime, and Shiozuchi-no-ōkami.

Ōmiya Hachiman Shrine (Tokyo)



Itsukushima Shrine (Kyoto)

Itsukushima Shrine (Japanese: Itsukushima-jinja) is a Shinto shrine in Kyoto Gyoen National Garden, Kyoto, Japan.

Takahashi Inari Shrine

 

Takahashi Inari Shrine (高橋稲荷神社, "Takahashi inari jinja") is a Shinto shrine that worships the kami Inari. It is in Kumamoto. Its main festival is held annually on November 8. It was built in 1496.

It is an unranked shrine in the Modern system of ranked Shinto shrines.


Shirakumo Shrine

Shirakumo Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Kyoto Gyoen National Garden, in Kyoto, Japan.

It is an unranked shrine

Chernobog and Belobog

Chernobog ( "Black God") and Belobog ( "White God") are alleged Polabian deities, with Chernobog meaning "Black God" and Belobog meaning "White God". Chernobog is mentioned in Helmold's Chronicle as a god of misfortune worshipped by the Wagri and Obodrites, while Belobog is not mentioned and is believed to have been reconstructed in opposition to Chernobog. Both gods also appear in later sources, but their authenticity is debated among scholars. Some researchers consider them as authentic deities associated with good and evil, while others believe they may be pseudo-deities. Chernobog and Belobog originally referred to "bad fate" and "good fate" and later became associated with the Christian Devil and God.


Faithful (Go West song)

"Faithful" is a 1992 song by English pop duo Go West and is the leading single from their third studio album "Indian Summer". It went to number 2 in Canada and made the top 20 in the United States, the United Kingdom and New Zealand.

UK 7-inch and cassette single, Australasian cassette single

UK CD1

UK CD2

US CD and cassette single

Southeast Sulawesi

Southeast Sulawesi is a province in Indonesia. It is on the island of Sulawesi. The capital is Kendari. 

Lada (mythology)

Lada and Lado are slavic pseudodeities.
Lada was first mentioned in the sermons of the Christian priest Lucas of Wielki Koźmin around 1405-1412. Lucas warned against worshipping Lada and other gods during spring ceremonies and folk performances. 

However, the majority of religious scholars and Slavists reject the historicity of these deities, believing that they owe their divine status to a misunderstanding of song lyrics by medieval scribes.

Planetoid was named after her.


South Sulawesi

South Sulawesi is a province of Indonesia. It is the biggest province in Sulawesi island. The capital is in Makassar.

Family tree of Japanese deities

This is a family tree of Japanese deities. It covers early emperors until Emperor Ojin, the first definitively known historical emperor, see family tree of Japanese monarchs for a continuation of the royal line into historical times 

Key


Bengkulu

Bengkulu is a province in Sumatra, Indonesia. The capital and biggest city is Bengkulu City. Rafflesia is the icon of this province. The wife of Soekarno, Fatmawati was born in this capital.

Assassin for Hire

Assassin for Hire is a 1951 British crime movie directed by first time director Michael McCarthy and starring Sydney Tafler, Ronald Howard, Katharine Blake, John Hewer, Gerald Case, Sam Kydd, Martin Benson, Ewen Solon and Ivor Danvers. It was distributed by Anglo-Amalgamated Film Distributors.


Balintang Channel

Balintang Channel is located at the north of the Philippines and north of the Babuyan Channel.

Chromosphere

A chromosphere ("sphere of color") is the second layer of a star's atmosphere. It is located above the photosphere and below the solar transition region and corona. The term usually refers to the Sun's chromosphere, but not only.

In the Sun's atmosphere, the chromosphere is about in height, or a little more than 1% of the Sun's radius at maximum thickness. It possesses a homogeneous layer at the border with the photosphere. Hair-like jets of plasma, called spicules, rise from this homogeneous area and through the chromosphere, extending up to into the corona above.

The chromosphere has a usual and expected red color due to electromagnetic emissions in the "H" spectral line. Information about the chromosphere is mostly received by analysis of its given-off electromagnetic radiation. 

Chromospheres have also been followed on stars other than the Sun. On large stars, chromospheres sometimes make up a significant proportion of the whole star. For example, the chromosphere of supergiant star Antares has been found to be about 2.5 times larger in thickness than the star's radius.

Somain, Nord

Somain () is a commune in the Nord department in northern France. In 2019, 11,934 people lived there. The town is known for its mining industry.


Tenkasi taluk

Tenkasi is named as TENKASI because in Tamil Then means South. So it is called as South side of Kasi. Tenkasi is famous for Periya Kovil. The famous waterfall is COUTRALAM. You can come here to enjoy the pleasant nature.

There are many Hotels:-


Equinox (celestial coordinates)

In astronomy, an equinox is either of two places on the celestial sphere at which the ecliptic divides the celestial equator. Although there are two such intersections, the equinox connected with the Sun's ascending node is used as the ordinary origin of celestial coordinate systems and referred to simply as "the equinox". In contrast to the common usage of spring/vernal and Autumn/autumnal equinoxes, the celestial coordinate system equinox is a direction in space rather than a moment in time.

In a cycle of about 25,800 years, the equinox moves westward with respect to the celestial sphere because of perturbing forces; therefore, in order to define a coordinate system, it is necessary to specify the date for which the equinox is chosen. This date should not be confused with the epoch. Astronomical objects show real movements such as orbital and proper motions, and the epoch defines the date for which the position of an object applies. Therefore, a complete detailed description of the coordinates for an astronomical object needs both the date of the equinox and of the epoch.

The now used standard equinox and epoch is J2000.0, which is January 1, 2000 at 12:00 TT. The prefix "J" shows that it is a Julian epoch. The previous standard equinox and epoch was B1950.0, with the prefix "B" showing that it was a Besselian epoch. Before 1984 Besselian equinoxes and epochs were used. Since that time Julian equinoxes and epochs have been used.

The equinox moves, in the sense that as time goes forward it is in a different location with respect to the distant stars. As a result, star catalogs over the years, even over the course of a few decades, will list different ephemerides. This is due to precession and nutation, both of which can be modeled, as well as other minor perturbing (disturbing) forces which can only be decided by observation and are this way tabulated in astronomical almanacs.

Precession of the equinox was first noted by Hipparchus in 129 BC, when noting the location of Spica with respect to the equinox and comparing it to the location followed by Timocharis in 273 BC. It is a long term movement with a period of 25,800 years.

Nutation is the oscillation of the ecliptic plane. It was first followed by James Bradley as a difference in the declination of stars. Bradley published this discovery in 1748. Because he did not have a correct enough clock, Bradley was unaware of the effect of nutation on the movement of the equinox along the celestial equator, although that is in the present day the more significant aspect of nutation. The period of oscillation of the nutation is 18.6 years.

A Besselian epoch, named after German mathematician and astronomer Friedrich Bessel (1784–1846), is an epoch that is based on a "Besselian year" of 365.242198781 days, which is a tropical year measured at the point where the Sun's longitude is exactly 280°. Since 1984, Besselian equinoxes and epochs have been superseded by Julian equinoxes and epochs. The current standard equinox and epoch is J2000.0, which is a Julian epoch.

Besselian epochs are calculated according to:

The previous standard equinox and epoch were B1950.0, a Besselian epoch.

Since the right ascension and declination of stars are constantly changing due to precession, astronomers always specify these with reference to a particular equinox. Historically used Besselian equinoxes include B1875.0, B1900.0, B1925.0 and B1950.0. The official constellation borders were defined in 1930 using B1875.0.

A Julian epoch is an epoch that is based on Julian years of exactly 365.25 days. Since 1984, Julian epochs are used in preference to the earlier Besselian epochs.

Julian epochs are calculated according to:

The standard equinox and epoch now in use are J2000.0, which is equal to January 1, 2000 12:00 Terrestrial Time (TT).

The J2000.0 epoch is exactly Julian date 2451545.0 TT (Terrestrial Time), or January 1, 2000, noon TT. This is equal to January 1, 2000, 11:59:27.816 TAI or January 1, 2000, 11:58:55.816 UTC.

Since the right ascension and declination of stars are constantly changing due to precession, (and, for relatively nearby stars due to proper motion), astronomers always specify these with reference to a particular epoch. The earlier epoch that was in standard use was the B1950.0 epoch.

When the "mean" equator and equinox of J2000 are used to define a celestial reference frame, that frame may also be represented J2000 coordinates or simply J2000. This is different from the International Celestial Reference System (ICRS): the mean equator and equinox at J2000.0 are seperate from and of lower (high) quality than ICRS, but agree with ICRS to the limited (high) quality of the first thing mentioned. Use of the "mean" locations means that nutation is averaged out or left out. This means that the Earth's rotational North pole does not point quite at the J2000 celestial pole at the epoch J2000.0; the true pole of epoch nutates away from the mean one. The same differences relate to the equinox.

The "J" in the prefix shows that it is a Julian equinox or epoch rather than a Besselian equinox or epoch.

There is a special meaning of the expression "equinox (and ecliptic/equator) of date". This reference frame is defined by the positions of the ecliptic and the celestial equator as of the date/epoch on which the position of something else (usually a solar system object) is being specified.

Other equinoxes and epochs that have been used include:

Epochs and equinoxes for orbital elements are usually given in Terrestrial Time, in many different formats, including:

Sidereal time is the hour angle of the equinox. However, there are two types: if the mean equinox is used (that which only includes precession), it is called mean sidereal time; if the true equinox is used (the actual location of the equinox at a given instant), it is called apparent sidereal time. The difference between these two is known as the equation of the equinoxes, and is counted in the "Astronomical Almanac".

A related idea is known as the equation of the origins, which is the arc length between the Celestial Intermediate Origin and the equinox. Or, the equation of the origins is the difference between the Earth Rotation Angle and the apparent sidereal time at Greenwich.

In modern astronomy the ecliptic and the equinox are reducing in importance as needed, or even convenient, reference ideas. (The equinox remains important in ordinary civil use, in defining the seasons, however.) This is for many reasons. One important reason is that it is very hard to be exact what the ecliptic is, and there is even some confusion in the books about it. Should it be centered on the Earth's center of mass, or on the Earth-Moon barycenter?

Also with the introduction of the International Celestial Reference Frame, all objects near and far are put basically in relationship to a large frame based on very distant fixed radio sources, and the choice of the origin is random and defined for the convenience of the problem at hand. There are no significant problems in astronomy where the ecliptic and the equinox need to be defined.

I Go to Sleep

"I Go to Sleep" is a 1965 song by The Kinks and has been covered by numerous artists including The Pretenders in 1981 where it went to number 6 in Belgium, number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in the Netherlands and number 28 in New Zealand.

Vendegies-sur-Écaillon

Vendegies-sur-Écaillon () is a commune in the Nord in northern France. In 2019, 1,098 people lived there.


Verchain-Maugré

Verchain-Maugré (; in the Middle Ages, Werchin) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.


Steenbecque

Steenbecque (; ) is a commune in the Nord department in north France. In 2019, 1,673 people lived there.


Lay Down Your Guns

"Lay Down Your Guns" is a 1990 song by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and is the leading single from his fourth studio album "Two Fires". It went to number 4 in Australia and number 12 in New Zealand.

CD Single (D10133)/ 7" single (K 10133)


Forth and Clyde Canal

The Forth and Clyde Canal opened in 1790. It is is 35 miles (56 km) long. It provided a route for boats to go between Edinburgh on the Firth of Forth to Glasgow on the Firth of Clyde at the narrowest part of the Scottish Lowlands. As the boats grew bigger and the railways were developed it was slowly abandoned. In 1967 the part through Grangemouth was drained and filled in. 

In 2000 the Falkirk Wheel was built to connect it again to the Union Canal.

Falkirk Wheel

The Falkirk Wheel is a rotating boat lift in Tamfourhill, Falkirk, in central Scotland. It connects the Forth and Clyde Canal with the Union Canal. It opened in 2002 as part of the Millennium Link project. It is the only rotating boat lift of its kind in the world, and one of two working boat lifts in the United Kingdom, the other being the Anderton Boat Lift.

The two canals used to be connected by a series of 11 locks but they were closed in 1933. The Union canal is 35-metre (115 ft) above the Forth and Clyde Canal.

Much of the money came from the Millennium Commission. The wheel was built in Ripley, Derbyshire by Butterley Engineering and carried to Falkirk on 35 lorries. There are also a 160 m (520 ft) new canal tunnel of 8 m (26 ft) diameter, 2 aqueducts of 20 m (66 ft) and 120 m (390 ft), three sets of locks and a number of bridges.

Canal de Marseille au Rhône

The Canal de Marseille au Rhône connects the Mediterranean Sea at Marseille to the Rhône at Arles. It is 81 kilometres (50 miles) long. The section between Marignane and Marseille has been closed since the collapse of the Rove Tunnel in 1963. 

It was built between 1906 and 1927. The Rove tunnel is the longest canal tunnel in the world - 7,120 metres (23,360 ft). 

TRAPPIST-1e

TRAPPIST-1e, also known as 2MASS J23062928-0502285 e, is a rocky, almost earth-size exoplanet orbiting within the habitable zone around the ultracool dwarf star TRAPPIST-1 about away from Earth in the constellation of Aquarius. Astronomers found the exoplanet by using the transit method, in which the dimming effect that a planet causes as it crosses in front of its star is measured.

The exoplanet was one of seven new exoplanets discovered orbiting the star using observations from the Spitzer Space Telescope. Three of the seven ("e", "f", and "g") are in the habitable zone. TRAPPIST-1e is almost the same to Earth's mass, radius, density, gravity, temperature, and stellar flux. It is also confirmed to not have a cloud-free hydrogen-dominated atmosphere, meaning it is more likely to have a compact atmosphere like the terrestrial planets in the Solar System. 

In November 2018, researchers decided that of the seven exoplanets in the multi-planetary system, TRAPPIST-1e has the best chance of being an Earth-like ocean planet, and the one most worthy of further study related to habitability. What's more, according to the Habitable Exoplanets Catalog, TRAPPIST-1e is one of the most possible habitable exoplanets discovered.

Canal de Bourgogne

The Canal de Bourgogne (English: Burgundy Canal) is a canal in Burgundy in east-central France. It is 242 km (150 miles) long, with 189 locks. It connects the Yonne at Migennes with the Saône at Saint-Jean-de-Losne. It was built between 1775 and 1832. It makes a link between the English Channel and the Mediterranean Sea, from the rivers Seine and the Yonne to the Saône and Rhône.

In the North it follows the valley of the Armançon river. There is a 3-kilometre long tunnel at its highest point, at Pouilly-en-Auxois, only wide enough for one-way traffic.

Gosha Suwa Shrine

Gosha-Suwa-jinja, is a Shinto shrine located in Hamamatsu, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan. It is in Naka Ward, which is in the central part of Hamamatsu City. It is located about 6.5 kilometers away from the right bank of the Tenryū River, in a straight line. The shrine is also near the railway station, approximately 1 kilometer away, and the city's castle, which is about 500 meters to the north.

The Gosha-Suwa religious complex consists of typical architectural elements commonly found in Shintō shrines, including an entrance gate called torii, a building for worship called haiden which is guarded by a traditional pair of creatures, a main building known as honden, an ablution pavilion called temizuya, a temple office referred to as shamusho, and supports for hanging votive plaques. The main axis of the shrine's enclosure is an alley that runs from the entrance torii to the haiden, oriented east-west parallel to the Enshū Sea and perpendicular to the ancient Tōkai road that leads north to the castle entrance in Hamamatsu. The shrine is distinguished by the presence of two hokora, one dedicated to ancestor worship and the other honoring Inari. Additionally, there is a shed used for storing mikoshi, which are portable shrines used during religious processions.

Gosha-Suwa Shrine is affiliated with Kasuga-taisha in Nara City, Nara Prefecture, and Suwa Grand Shrine near Lake Suwa, Nagano Prefecture. It venerates Shinto deities such as Takemikazuchi, the "thunder god", Ama-no-Koyane-no-mikoto, Futsunushi, Suwa Myojin, and Kotoshironushi, who are considered as the sons of Ōkuninushi. Devotees visit the shrine to convey their wishes for various blessings, such as prosperity, happiness, finding a soul mate, successful fishing, abundant harvests, or safe childbirth.

In the early 16th century, the leader of the Imagawa clan built a castle called Hikuma Castle in the province of Tōtōmi, which also had a shrine within its enclosure. Later in the same century, Tokugawa Ieyasu, who would become the ruler of unified Japan, seized the castle, expanded it, and renamed it Hamamatsu Castle. In 1579, after the birth of his son Tokugawa Hidetada, he converted the shrine into a place of worship for the Shintō deity Futsunushi. The following year, he had the holy place rebuilt outside the castle's enclosure.

In 1914, the Gosha sanctuary was classified as a national treasure. However, on June 18, 1945, an air raid by the American army destroyed all the buildings.

In 761, Sakanoue no Tamuramaro, a general in the service of Emperor Kammu, had a Shintō shrine built in Tōtōmi province. This shrine was later moved in 1556 to the foot of Hikuma Castle, and then in the 1580s it came under the control of the Tokugawa dynasty. In 1641, the sanctuary was rebuilt stone by stone near the Gosha-jinja.

In 1938, the Suwa sanctuary was classified as a national treasure. However, on June 18, 1945, during an aerial bombardment, several buildings of the religious complex were reduced to ashes.

In 1962, in the city of Hamamatsu, two Shintō shrines, Gosha-jinja and Suwa-jinja, merged to form the religious complex Gosha-Suwa. The construction of Gosha-Suwa was completed in 1982, including the opening of its honden (main hall) to the faithful. During World War II, the shrines of Gosha-jinja and Suwa-jinja were heavily damaged by bombings, resulting in the loss of their national treasure status. Unfortunately, the damage could not be repaired.

On November 15th, during the traditional annual festival called shichi-go-san, parents come to Gosha-Suwa Shrine as a family to pray for the good health of their children. The shrine's enclosure is crowded with families who participate in this festival.



Flins

Flins is a Slavic deity, mentioned for the first time in the book "Cronecken der Sassen" in 1492 by the German writer Konrad Bothe. People believe it was not really worshipped.

People believe the name of the Polish town, Świeradów-Zdrój also known as Flinsberg in German, came from Flins.

Bothe said Flins was worshipped by people in the Harz Mountains and in Lusatia . 
The described statue was supposed to be destroyed by Prince Lothair. Bothe's information was spread all across Europe and many people drew Flins.
There are a variety of theories about his origin, almost all consider him to have never been a real Slavic God. 
According to Elias Schedius (1605–1641), the name of the deity was in fact a corrupted name of a supposed king of the Vandals : Vitzlauw (Wisław? )→Vlitzauw→Vlintz. 

Leonhard Franz argued the description was related to St. Christopher rather than a Slavic deity.

The figure of a Slavic necromancer holding a staff, but without a name, is also mentioned in the description of the shrines of the Western Slavs by Al-Masudi, a traveler from the middle east who visited the region in the 10th century. He recorded the following cult in the temple-resort. :

Usład

Usład is a Slavic deity, mentioned by in 1582. It is not believed to be a real deity.. 

Stryjkowski gave a fictitious description of the statue of Perun, displayed in Kiev by Prince Vladimir the Great, Stryjkowski then gave a list of the remaining deities of the pagan pantheon:

In reality, the name Usład made its way into the chronicler's account due to a misunderstanding or distortion of words from The Tale of Bygone Years.

A statue of Perun was described as 'us zlat,' or 'golden mustache'.


Ashikaga Takauji

He took power in 1338. This was the beginning of the Muromachi period in Japan, and his reign came to an end with his death in 1358.. 

He was in the Seiwa Genji family. The family is descended from Emperor Seiwa. 


Ding Dong, Texas

In the early 1930s, a man named Zulis Bell and his nephew Bert Bell operated a country store along the Lampasas River in central Texas in an area that was known as McBryde Crossing. Ding Dong is situated on Farm to Market Road 195 along the Lampasas River, 8 mi (13 km) south of Killeen in southwestern Bell County.

Ding Dong is served by the Killeen Independent School District.

Sons of the Pioneers fiddler Hugh Farr was born in Ding Dong.

1965–66 Austrian Cup

The 1965-66 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. LASK were the defending champions. In the first round, the first league clubs had to play away. In the event of a draw, overtime + replay, in the event of a draw in the replay, overtime + drawing of lots. 

First round with teams from the first and second league.

Replay matches:

Johann Draxelmayer - Michael Breibert - Josef Wahl - Emmerich Sommer - Paul Kozlicek - Walter Stamm - Karl Skerlan - Anton Herzog - Felix Latzke - Günter Kaltenbrunner - Johann Szauer<br> coach: Johann Pesser
Roman Pichler - Walter Gebhardt - Walter Glechner - Josef Höltl - Walter Skocik - Franz Hasil - Ewald Ullmann - Walter Seitl - Leopold Grausam - Rudolf Flögel - Branko Milanovic <br>coaches: Robert Dienst/ Robert Körner

Noel Salekwa

Noel James Salekwa (born 29 December 1989) is a Tanzanian Roman Catholic priest. He supports reconciliation theology. Selekwa ia a member of the Congregation of Holy Spirit in Tanzania. 

He has been an advocate of reconciliation theology in East Africa. He feels that religious tolerance is a key factor in creating national cohesion that is good for peace and the avoidance of violence. He also thinks that the focus of human dignity is to be treated equally regardless of their religion, race, and tribal differences.

Vilaine

The Vilaine is a river in Brittany, in the west of France. It starts in the Mayenne "département" , and it flows out into the Atlantic Ocean at Pénestin in the Morbihan "département". It is 218 km long. It was one of the first rivers in France to be canalised. Some weirs and locks were built from 1540,

It is part of Brittany's canal system, which was built mainly in the 19th century for small barges. It is joined by the Canal d’Ille-et-Rance at Rennes. It also joins the Canal de Nantes à Brest.

God Save the Tsar!

"God save the Tsar!" was a national anthem of Russian Empire, used from 1833 to 1917. The melody of the anthem was composed by Alexei Lvov, and lirycs was written by Vasily Zhukovsky.

In 1833 the emperor Nicholas I was visiting Austria and Prussia with Alexei Lvov. The Nicholas was greeted by english marches which he didn't liked. When he came back to Russia he had Alexei compose song that would became a national anthem. The composer: Alexei Lvov and the lirycist Vasily Zhukovsky created anthem that was first played in december 1833. After that, song became a national anthem of Russian Empire, with a name of "God save the Tsar!" Anthem was used untill revolution in 1917. The song were succeeded by the ""Worker's Marseillaise"" and later by the ""Internationale"".

During Imperial Russia mostly were played only first stanza, easy to remeber, usually repeated three times. 

Zhangixalus prominanus

The Johore flying frog, green tree frog, jade tree frog or Jor flying frog ("Zhangixalus prominanus") is a frog. It lives in Thailand and Malaysia. Scientists think it might also live in Sumatra.

Yves Tumor

Sean Lee Bowie, also known by the stage name Yves Tumor, is an American music maker and music producer. They were born in Miami, Florida. They make experimental music.

In 2015, Tumor released their first album. It was named "When Man Fails You". Tumor later joined PAN Records and made more music. In 2020, they released "Heaven to a Tortured Mind". It went to the number 8 spot on the UK Independent Albums Chart. It is Tumor's best-selling album. Many music critics liked the album. Tumor's fifth album is named "Praise A Lord Who Chews But Which Does Not Consume; (Or Simply, Hot Between Worlds)". It was released on March 17, 2023. 


List of Afghanistan Test cricketers

This is a list of cricketers who play Test cricket for Afghanistan.

Statistics are correct as of 14 March 2021.

Adele James

Adele James is a British actress and screenwriter. She went to Richmond-upon-Thames College and University of Bristol.<ref name="RuTC"/

James is noted for playing "Tina Mollett" on the television program Casualty.

In 2023 James plays Cleopatra on in Jada Pinkett Smith's Netflix "Queen Cleopatra". This has caused a reaction due to the color of James' skin as many say that is wrong because they say Cleopatra's skin was not black.

Bidya Chamling Rai

Bidya Chamling Rai () is a Nepalese politician and a member of Provincial Assembly of Koshi Province from CPN (Unified Socialist). She was elected via 2022 Nepalese provincial elections from CPN (Unified Socialist) party list.

Karl Skerlan

Karl Skerlan (3 January 1940 – 7 February 2017) was an Austrian football player. He played for Austria between 1958 and 1964. He also played for club teams mainly Wiener Sport-Club and Admira Energie Wien.

Karl Skerlan came to the Wiener Sport-Club from the small Burgenland club ASV Kittsee in 1957. In this season he became champion. For two years(41 games in a row) he remained undefeated with his team and was able to win the championship in 1958/59. Karl Skerlan also achieved great success with the Dornbachers in the European Cup. The highlight was the legendary 7-0 victory over the Italian champions Juventus Turin, in which he also scored a goal.

In 1961, Karl Skerlan decided to move to Admira Wien. The first title win at the new club was in the 1964 cup. In 1966 he was able to win the double with the club. 

At the end of his career, after a year at the German regional league club FK Pirmasens, Karl Skerlan went to SC Schwarz-Weiß Bregenz in the first and second leagues and was also a player-coach there. 1969/70 he reached the club cup semi-finals, where the team was only - after two draws against Linzer ASK - lost by drawing of lots against them. 
He played 14 matches for the Austrian national football team and scored 3 goals. His first appearance was on 19 November 1958 in a 2-2 against Germany. His last match was on 11 October 1964 in a 1-0 against Russia.
Skerlan managed FC Vorarlberg between 1 December 1973 and 30 June 1975. This was the only management he performed during his career.


Bhim Acharya cabinet

The Bhim Acharya cabinet is the 2th provincial government of Province No. 1 (now Koshi Province). It was formed after Bhim Acharya was sworn in as Chief Minister of Province No. 1 (now Koshi Province) on 26 August 2021.

Tearin' Up My Heart

"Tearin' Up My Heart" is a 1997 song by NSYNC and is the second single from their debut studio album "NSYNC". It went to number 3 in Canada, number 4 in Austria and Germany, number 6 in Switzerland, number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Scotland, number 18 in Ireland, number 19 in New Zealand, number 20 in Australia, number 31 in the Netherlands and number 59 in the United States.







Spinning Around

"Spinning Around" is a 2000 song by Kylie Minogue and is the leading single from her seventh studio album "Light Years". It topped the single charts in Australia, Hungary, Scotland and the United Kingdom. It also went to the top 20 in Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Iceland, Ireland and New Zealand.







Modern Woman

"Modern Woman" is a 1986 song by Billy Joel and is the leading single from his 10th studio album "The Bridge". It was used in the 1986 movie "Ruthless People". It went to number 10 in the United States, number 21 in Australia, number 27 in Canada and number 28 in New Zealand.

A Matter of Trust

"A Matter of Trust" is a 1986 song by Billy Joel and is the second single from his 10th studio album "The Bridge". It went to number 3 in Australia, Poland and South Africa, number 10 in the United States, number 15 in Canada, number 48 in New Zealand and number 52 in the United Kingdom.

I Love Trouble (1948 movie)

I Love Trouble is a 1948 American crime mystery movie directed by S. Sylvain Simon and was taken from his novel "The Double Take" by Roy Huggins. It stars Franchot Tone, Janet Blair, Janis Carter, Adele Jergens, Glenda Farrell, Steven Geray, Tom Powers, Lynn Merrick, John Ireland, Donald Curtis and Raymond Burr. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


C'mon People (We're Making It Now)

"C'mon People (We're Making It Now)" is a 2000 song by Richard Ashcroft and is the tenth track from his debut studio album "Alone with Everybody" and the third single. It went to number 15 in Scotland, number 21 in the United Kingdom and number 82 in Germany.

Standard

Salamat

Salamat may refer to:


Guéra

Guéra or Guera may refer to:

Batha

Batha may refer to:

Kanem

Kanem may refer to:


Chari-Baguirmi

Chari-Baguirmi may refer to:

Tandjilé

Tandjilé may refer to:

Zhangixalus moltrechti

The Nantou flying frog, Taiwan tree frog, Moltrech's green tree frog or Moltrecht's tree frog ("Zhangixalus moltrechti") is a frog. It lives in Taiwan.

Leopold Grausam

Leopold Grausam (29 June 1943 – 8 September 2023) was an Austrian retired footballer. He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien as striker. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
His first club was FC Hellas Kagran, where he played from 1953 to 1956. He then moved to SV Pressbaum and finally came in 1958 in the youth department of SK Rapid Wien. Leopold Grausam made his debut in the A-League against Kapfenberg SV on10 November 1963. He scored four goals in the 5-0 home win. Already in his first season in 1963–64 he was Austrian champion and also in 1966/67 and 1967/68. He won the ÖFB Cup in 1968 and 1969.

In 1970 he moved to FC Wacker Innsbruck for a season and won his fourth championship title. Internationally, he made a name for himself when he scored the winning goal in the 1-0 win over Real Madrid in the European Cup Winners' Cup. After another season at Linzer ASK, Leopold Grausam ended his career in the Swiss National League A with FC Grenchen and in the Austrian Regional League East with SV Rechnitz.
He made his debut FOR the Austrian national team under Béla Guttmann on 12 April 1964 against the Netherlands. His last match was on 5 November 1967 in a 1-1 draw against Greece. He played 8 matches and scored 3 goals. 

He managed SV Gablitz, Floridsdorfer AC, ASK-BSC Bruck/Leitha and Gaswerk/Straßenbahn.



Nanda

Nanda may refer to:


Zhangixalus amamiensis

The Amami green tree frog ("Zhangixalus amamiensis") is a frog. It lives in Japan. Scientists thought this was a subspecies of "Rhacophorus viridis", but they changed their minds.

Ministry of Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation (Nepal)

The Ministry of Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation (MoCTCA) is the governmental body for promoting tourism, culture and private sector involvement in Nepal. It also serves as the Nepalese aviation regulatory body. The ministry is located in Singha Durbar, Kathmandu.

This is a list of former Ministers of Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation since the Nepalese Constituent Assembly election in 2013:

Ministry of Information and Communications (Nepal)

The Ministry of Communication and Information Technology() is governmental body of Nepal that manages postal services, telecommunications, broadcasting, press and information and film development in the country. 

Nainkala Thapa is the present minister for this ministry since June 10 2021, who was minister for Women, Children and Senior Citizen ministry.

Through its subdivisions, the ministry informs the public about economic and social activities in Nepal, while promoting democratic culture through ensuring the freedom of expression and the right to information of the People of Nepal.
Its main aim is to make the communications media active and efficient.

This is a list of all Ministers of Information and Communications since the Nepalese Constituent Assembly election in 2013:

Area code 319

Area code 319 is an area code for Iowa. It was one of the original area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the eastern portion of the state but after it was split by 563, it now covers the southeastern and east-central parts of Iowa.

Adrienne Posta

Adrienne Posta (born 24 March 1949) is a British voice actress. She voices Doris the Duck, Molly the Hippo (Episode 3 only) and Various in the US version by Lobster Films for The Character Development and The Sound Company Ltd. for the first and the second seasons in 1999 and 2000 of the American show 64 Zoo Lane. Posta is a stage name. She was born in London, as Adrienne Luanne Poster", on" March 24, 1949. She participated in a number of movies, and serials shown on TV. She was also active as a singer, and released a number of singles. Posta is an honorary patron of The Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America.

Area code 412

Area code 412 is an area code for Pennsylvania. It was one of the initial area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire southwestern corner of the state but after it was split by 724, it is now a doughnut area code with 724 surrounding it. It covers cities such as Pittsburgh, Carnegie, Robinson Township, Franklin Park, and Ross Township. It was overlaid by 878 in 2001, which also overlaid 724.

Area code 413

Area code 413 is an area code for Massachusetts. It was created as one of the earliest area codes in 1947. It covers the entire western portion of Massachusetts. As of 2023, it has not been split or overlaid yet.

Area code 414

Area code 414 is an area code for Wisconsin. It was created as one of the initial area codes in 1947. It initially covered the southern part of the state but after being split multiple times by 608 in 1955, 920 in 1997, and 262 in 1999. It now covers the Milwaukee portion of the state.

Area code 416

Area code 416 is an area code for Ontario. It was one of the original area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire province, but it was overlaid in 647 in 2001 and 437 in 2013.

Bhim Acharya

Bhim Acharya (Nepali: भिम आचार्य) secretary of Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist), is the former Chief minister of Province No. 1. Governor Somnath Adhikari appointed him as the chief minister as per Article 168 (1) of the Constitution of Nepal after He was unanimously elected parliamentary party leader of the CPN (UML) on 26 August 2021, following the resignation of outgoing chief minister Sher Dhan Rai as both the parliamentary party leader and chief minister.

Acharya joined students movement in 1975. He joined Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) in 1979.

He won the 2008 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election from Sunsari-6 constituency with 15,606 votes defeating Narendra Bahadur Basnet of Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). He was appointed as the Chief Whip of the Parliamentary Party of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist).

Bhim Acharya was elected as the leader of the CPN-UML's state-1 parliamentary party on 26 August 2021.

<nowiki></nowiki>

Bannock (food)

Bannock is a north american and indigenous bread. It's main ingredients typically include flour, butter, baking powder, sugar, lard, salt and all purpous flour. It is conventionally believed that Scottish fur traders called Selkirk settlers introduced bannock to the Indigenous peoples of North America during the 18th and 19th centuries.

Somnath Adhikari

Somnath Adhikari (born 6 January 1951) affectionately known as Pyasi (meaning "thirsty" in Nepali), is a Nepalese politician serving as the 2nd and current Governor of Province No. 1 of Nepal. He is a former member of the National Panchayat from 1986 to 1991 and member of Pratinidhi Sabha from 1991 to 1994. He is an active politician of CPN (ML) now CPN (UML) from 1968 and served as the district president of Kaski and later he hold the president post of the party election committee.

Corn (disambiguation)

Corn may refer to:



Norwegian College of Fishery Science

The Norweigan College of Fishery Science or NCFS (Norweigan: ) is a school in Norway that teaches people about fish and how to manage fishing. It started in 1972 and is part of the University of Tromsø. In 1988, it changed and became its own part of the university. NCFS helps people learn about fish and how to take care of them. They also teach people how to work in the fishing industry. In 2004, NCFS started a new part called MaReMa Centre. This part helps people learn more about fish and how to manage the areas around where fish live.

Jhapa 1 (constituency)

Jhapa 1 () is one of five parliamentary constituencies of Jhapa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Jhapa 1 incorporates Mechinagar Municipality, ward 9 and 10 of Bhadrapur Municipality and wards 4–7 of Buddhashanti Rural Municipality.

It encompasses the following Koshi Provincial Assembly segment



University Hospital of North Norway

The University Hospital of North Norway or UNN (Norwegian: ) is a hospital that helps people with medical problems. It is part of the Northern Norway Regional Health Authority and helps people who live in the counties of Finnmark, Nordland, and Troms. The hospital has eleven clinics where patients can get treatment, diagnosis, and research. The hospital provides services to people who live in the Tromsø area. UNN also runs an emergency medical communication center and ambulance stations in Nordland and Troms og Finnmark.

Saint Radbod

Radbod or Radboud (before 850 - 917) was bishop of Utrecht from 900 to 917.

He was the grandson of the last King of the Frisians. He spent his youth with his uncle, Gunther, bishop of Cologne. After that, he served at the court of Charles the Bald. 

When he was appointed as bishop of Utrecht in 900, the city was in ruins after a number of Norman raids.
Like his predecessors, he was seated instead at Deventer.

He died in Ootmarsum in 917. His feast date is November 29.

850

"For the American area code see area code 850."

Events
Births
Deaths

Arctic-Alpine Botanic Garden

The Arctic–Alpine Botanic Garden is the world’s northernmost botanic garden. It is in Tromsø, Norway. The Tromsø University Museum runs it. It opened in 1994. The garden shows Arctic and alpine plants from places in the northern hemisphere.

The garden is southeast of the University of Tromsø Campus. It has a view of the mountains to the east and south. There is no gate or barrier. There is no entrance fee. The garden is open all day and all night all year round.

The location is like the north coast of Alaska. You might think it has an extreme Arctic climate. But, a part of the Gulf Stream goes up the coast of North Norway. This makes the climate milder. Tromsø has mild winters.

The season in the Botanic Garden is usually from end of May until mid October. From May 15 until July 27, the sun is always above the horizon in Tromsø. This period of midnight sun helps the plants grow, even though it is cold and the growing season is short. It adds an average of 200 hours of sunshine each month in May, June, and July. From November 21 until January 17, the sun never rises. Snow covers the ground from October or November on and stays until April starts. Snow then melts slowly and the ground will usually be bare around mid May at sea level while snow stays longer at higher altitudes.

Fallin' (Alicia Keys song)

"Fallin'" is the first single off of American singer Alicia Keys's first studio album "Songs in A Minor". The song was released on February 10, 2001. A remix for the song was released and features American rappers Busta Rhymes and Rampage.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #1 on the Adult R&B Songs, #1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, #1 on the Mainstream Top 40, #2 on the Rhythmic, #14 on the Adult Top 40, and #24 on the Adult Contemporary charts. It was also certified 3× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It won "Song of the Year", "Best Female R&B Vocal Performance", and "Best R&B Song" at the 44th Grammy Awards. It was also nominated for "Record of the Year" but lost to "Walk On" by U2.

During an interview with "Billboard", Keys said the ups and downs of a relationship and how a person can fall in and out of love with the other person.

The Likely Lads

The Likely Lads is a British sitcom series that aired on BBC1 from 16 December, 1964 to 23 July, 1966. It was created and written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais. It ran for 20 episodes over three seasons with half of its episodes still missing. It starred James Bolam, Rodney Bewes and Sheila Fearn. It was followed by a sequel series "What Happened to the Likely Lads?" and the 1976 movie "The Likely Lads".


List of South Korea Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of South Korean Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for South Korea.

Pride (In The Name Of Love)

"Pride (In The Name of Love)" is a 1984 song by Irish rock band U2 and is the leading single from their fourth studio album "The Unforgettable Fire". It went to number 1 in New Zealand, number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Australia, number 5 in the Netherlands, number 6 in Belgium, number 7 in Norway, number 9 in Poland, number 12 in Sweden, number 20 in Italy, number 26 in Canada, number 27 in Germany and number 33 in the United States.

Area code 850

Area code 850 is in use for the Florida Panhandle. Area Code was used for the entire part of Nothern Florida until it was split up in the mid-1990s. 850 was created effective March 23, 1998. 


Marne

Marne can refer to:




NGC 4945

NGC 4945 is a barred spiral galaxy located 11.7 million light years away from the Earth in the constellation of Centaurus. It is visible near the stars Xi¹ Centauri and Xi² Centauri. It was discovered in 1826 by James Dunlop. It is similar to the Milky Way, but has an energetic Seyfert 2 nucleus that may have a supermassive black hole. The galaxy has a disk of dust, gas, and many star clusters. It has a mass of about 1.4×10^11 . 

NGC 4945 has two supernovae observed: SN 2005af (Type II, magnitude 12.8) and SN 2011ja (Type IIP, magnitude 14).

NGC 4945 is one of the brightest galaxies of the Centaurus A/M83 Group, a big, nearby group of galaxies. The galaxy is the second brightest galaxy in the subgroup centered on Centaurus A.

Opportunities (Let's Make Lots of Money)

"Opportunities (Let's Make Lots of Money)" is a 1985 song by Pet Shop Boys and taken from their debut studio album "Please". It went to number 2 in New Zealand, number 10 in the United States, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 14 in Ireland and Spain, number 22 in Canada, number 25 in Germany and number 30 in the Netherlands.






Drona Prasad Acharya

Drona Prasad Acharya was a Nepalese politician, writer and journalist from Bhadrapur. He was elected to the parliament in the 1991 election as a Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) candidate in the Jhapa 1 (constituency) with 13721 votes (34.22%).

Krishna Prasad Sitaula

Krishna Prasad Sitaula () is a Nepali politician, belonging to the Nepali Congress. Krishna Sitaula is known for playing an important role during the comprehensive peace accord.

PwC

PricewaterhouseCoopers, or PwC, is a big company that provides professional services. It is one of the four largest accounting firms in the world, along with Deloitte, EY, and KPMG. PwC has offices in 157 countries and more than 300 000 workers.

PwC was formed in 1998 when two accounting firms, Coopers & Lybrand and Price Waterhouse, joined together. Both of these firms started in the 1800s. In 2010, the company changed its name to PwC.

There is a main office for PwC in London, England. This office helps all the PwC firms around the world work together. It makes sure they follow the same rules and plans, but it doesn't work with clients directly.

Oura Health

Oura Health Oy is a company from Finland that makes health technology. They are famous for the Oura Ring, a smart ring that people use to track their sleep and exercise. The company started in 2013 and was created by Petteri Lahtela, Kari Kivelä, and Markku Koskela. Harpreet Singh Rai was the CEO from 2018 to 2021, and then Michael Chapp was the temporary CEO. In 2022, Tom Hale became the new CEO. The company's main office is in Oulu, Finland, but they also have offices in Helsinki, Finland, and San Francisco, United States.

In 2015, the company got $2.3 million in seed funding, which helped them start their business. They first showed their ring on Kickstarter in 2016 and officially launched it at a technology event in 2017. In 2020, the company won two awards: 'Best Consumer Wellness Company' and one of Time magazine's "100 Best Inventions of 2020." They got these awards because of their work with the NBA during the COVID-19 pandemic.

In 2021, Oura Health got $100 million in Series C funding from different companies and investors. They had also received funding from other companies and people in earlier rounds.

ContractZen

ContractZen is a Finnish company that offers cloud-based governance software for managing important business documents like contracts, meeting minutes, and other legal and financial documents. The company also provides virtual data rooms, electronic signature capabilities, and legal entity management tools.

The company was founded in 2014 in Helsinki, Finland. It works in Europe, North America, South America, and Asia. In 2017, PwC Finland and ContractZen began cooperating in the field of governance software. ContractZen is integrated with Microsoft, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, and Google.

In 2019, ContractZen was chosen as one of the first 20 products available for purchase directly from Microsoft AppSource. At the same time, the company was also the Nordic regional prize winner of Ingram Micro's 'Comet Competition'.

In 2021, ContractZen raised €1 million in funding to support their growth and expansion plans. 

The company's governance software suite includes contract management, a board portal, virtual data rooms, electronic signatures, and legal entity management.

ContractZen is integrated with Microsoft Teams, Microsoft Outlook, Adobe Sign, DocuSign, Microsoft 365 (Single Sign-On), and Google (Single Sign-On). The capabilities include an API allowing customers to integrate it into their in-house systems. ContractZen is available on the iOS App Store and Google Play Store for Android devices.

ULAS J1120+0641

ULAS J1120+0641 is a quasar in the constellation Leo. It was discovered in June 2011. It was the most distant known quasar but then an another quasar named ULAS J1342+0928 was found in 2017 was found further away. It is at a projected comoving distance of 28.85 billion light years and was the first quasar found beyond a redshift of z = 7. 

You Got It

"You Got It" is a 1989 song by Roy Orbison and the first released following his death. It was taken from his 22nd studio album "Mystery Girl". It went to number 1 in Belgium, number 2 in Ireland and New Zealand, number 3 in Australia, Canada, Finland, the Netherlands, Norway and the United Kingdom, number 4 in Austria, number 5 in Sweden and number 9 in Germany, Switzerland and the United States.

In 1995, Bonnie Raitt covered "You Got It" for the 1995 movie "Boys on the Side". It went to number 10 in Iceland, number 11 in Canada and number 33 in the United States.

I Can't Make You Love Me

"I Can't Make You Love Me" is a 1991 song by Bonnie Raitt and is the second single from her 11th studio album "Luck of the Draw". It went to number 18 in the United States, number 22 in New Zealand, number 40 in Canada, number 43 in the Netherlands, number 50 in the United Kingdom and number 77 in Australia.

In 1997, George Michael released a version of "I Can't Make You Love Me" as a double A-side to his single "Older". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom and number 6 in Scotland.

In 2009, Boyz II Men recorded "I Can't Make You Love Me" for their third covers album "Love"

St Luke Passion, BWV 246

The St Luke Passion (), BWV 246, is a musical composition. Its author is not known. It was thought that Johann Sebastian Bach wrote the passion. However, the style of the composition is different from Bach's style.

The manuscript of the "St Luke Passion" was written by Johann Sebastian Bach and his son Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach. Franz Hauser bought the manuscript in the early 19th century. He thought that Johann Sebastian Bach was the author of the composition. He asked Felix Mendelssohn for his opinion. Mendelssohn thought that Bach was not the author of the composition. He pointed out that a chorale did not fit Bach's style.

It was thought that Bach copied the Passion setting to be performed in Leipzig in 1730. However, this has been proven to be false. 

Irma Sèthe

Irma Sèthe (27 April 1876–12 May 1958) was a Belgian violinist.

Irma Sèthe was introduced to the music by her mother at an early age, and during 1885, continued her violin training with the German violinist August Wilhelmj. On 1890 was admitted to the Royal Conservatory of Brussels.

In 1898, Irma Sèthe moved to Berlin with her husband, the Russian philosopher Samuel Saenger, and played in the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra; they had two daughters, Elisabeth and Magdalene.

In 1909, Irma Sèthe was a member of the Berliner Kammerspiel-Trio.

Irma Sèthe stopped performing in public at the beginning of the World War I. After the death of her husband in 1944, she gradually fell into madness. Living with her eldest daughter Elisabeth in New York, she died at the age of 82, in 1958.



IRC −10414

IRC-10414 is a Red hyper giant star and is one of the largest stars known. It is not well known because IRC’s and IRAS’s are not very popular. If you placed it in the Solar system, It would engulf the planets Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, and dwarf planet Ceres. However, IRC 10414 is a bit tiny compared to larger stars such as WOH G64, VY Canis Majoris and UY Scuti. It is still a big honking star. It is approximately 1,000 times bigger than our own Star, The Sun. It is not likely that it has planets, But another large star, VV Cephei, has a smaller companion, so there is a small chance IRC-10414 has a smaller companion. However, scientists have not found a single binary orbiting this huge star. If you want to learn about more large Stars, check out the List of Largest Stars page.

Abecedarius

An abecedarius is an acrostic where the first letter of every word or verse follows the order of the alphabet. For example, in the sentence A Bear Climbed Down, the first letter of every word is in alphabetical order: A, B, C, D.

HD 8673

HD 8673 is a binary star system in the constellation of Andromeda. It has an apparent magnitude of 6.34 and absolute magnitude of 3.56. It is 124.5 light years away from us. They are moving away from us with a heliocentric radial velocity (speed) of 19 km/s. A smaller object, possibly a exoplanet or brown dwarf, was found orbiting around them in 2005.

The main (primary) star is classified as an F7 V star. It is almost the same to the Sun but a bit bigger, with a mass of 1.36 times the mass of the Sun and 1.52 times the Sun's size. The star is about 1.5 billion years old and is spinning quickly, with a projected radial velocity of 26.9 km/s. It is emitting off 3.4 times more light than the Sun and has an effective temperature of 6,340 K.

In 2011, speckle interferometry measurements suggested that there might be another star close to this one. But more observations showed that it was wrong. Later, a smaller star was found orbiting the main (primary) star. This star is about one-third to half the size of the Sun and is far away from the main star, about 35 to 60 times farther than the Earth is from the Sun.

V437 Scuti

V437 Scuti is a red supergiant star in the constellation of Scutum. If you placed it in the Solar System, It would consume Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, and dwarf planet Ceres. This makes it comparable to the size of Betelgeuse, Antares, and Rho Cassiopeiae. It is not likely that it has planets, but there is a small chance that it may be a binary star.

Other stars in Scutum:

Alpha Scuti

Alpha Scuti is a orange giant star in the constellation of Scutum. It was discovered that it is originally part of the Aquila constellation, because of this, it was later designated as 1 Aquilae.

It is 20 times that of the radius of the Sun, a mass of 1.33 times that of the Sun. It is still faintly visible to the naked eye.

Yevhen Zhylin

Yevhen Zhylin was the president of the shortly lived Kharkiv People's Republic.

He was born on January 6th, 1976 in Kharkiv, Ukraine and was assassinated on September 19th, 2016 in Moscow, Russia.

Victoria Rees

Victoria Rees (born 8 March 1964) is an Australian businesswoman and television personality. She is best known as a main cast member on the first season of the Arena reality television series "The Real Housewives of Sydney".

Victoria Rees was born in Sydney, New South Wales, on 8 March 1964.

Rees attended Kambala Church of England Girls School. She studied interior decoration at Sydney College of Art.

Rees began her career in the mid 1980s by moving to London with a friend, and through her connections got herself an interview with Anna Harvey, the then-Fashion Director of British Vogue, leading to an internship as Harvey's assistant. Rees left British Vogue to work for Lynne Franks PR. Rees later left Lynne Franks PR to work for Katharine Hamnett, on Bond Street in Central London.

Rees moved back to Australia in the early 1990s, citing homesickness, missing her family and the poor English weather. Rees then moved on from fashion into real estate, combining it with her interior designing. Her family had a large property portfolio. She enrolled in college and got her real estate license. Rees continued in interior design, by referral only, a few years after the birth of her son.

Rees opened SQUEEZE, a juice and health food bar, overlooking Bondi Beach. She sold SQUEEZE eighteen months later. Rees opened Lush & Lacquer — The Finishing Touches, a salon. She sold Lush & Lacquer a year later.

Rees met Gabrielle Requena over the Christmas 2015 period; Requena had just developed Wrinkles Schminkles. Rees is an active investor in the company.

In April 2016, Rees received a call from Krissy Marsh, explaining that Marsh had been asked to do a new reality television series and had recommended Rees as a candidate. She later spoke with a producer, and signed her contract in June.

On 22 July 2016, it was announced that Rees would be part of the cast for Arena's reality television series, "The Real Housewives of Sydney".

Rees' tagline for the season was, "My point of view isn't the only one but it’s clearly the best."

In the late 1990s, over the Christmas-New Year period, she married John McEncroe, her personal trainer, at The Delano, in Miami, Florida. The couple split in 2001, and were divorced in 2002.

Rees' mother and grandmother died days apart in May 2001. Her mother, Gail, died from lupus. She was 52. Her grandmother, Florence, distraught over the death of her daughter, died from a heart attack. They were her only family.

Rees met her second husband the night she left her first husband. In 2003, she married an unknown man, on the beach in Bali, Indonesia. They have one son together, born in September 2003. The couple divorced in 2013.

Rees resides in the Notts Avenue apartment block in Bondi Beach, Sydney.

Diet of Augsburg

The Diet of Augsburg were the meetings of the Imperial Diet of the Holy Roman Empire that held in the German city of Augsburg. Both an imperial city and the residence of the Augsburg prince-bishops, the city hosted the Estates in many such sessions from the 10th century.

The most famous one was in 1530, when Emperor Charles V summoned the German princes to a diet in Augsburg to put an end to ecclesiastic dissensions. Each prince was asked to state in writing in German and in Latin his religious opinions and the ecclesiastic abuses that should be corrected.

Scientific socialism

Scientific socialism utilizes scientific methods to analyze historical patterns and potential scenarios regarding social, economic, and material phenomena, aiming to comprehend and forecast their evolution. As for future development, it could entail further refinement and expansion of scientific socialism's analytical methods and their application to emerging societal changes and challenges.Scientific socialism is also known as "Marxism" named after Karl Marx who created the Marxist theory.

Jaitugi

Jaitugi Ahira also Jaitugi Abhira, Jaitugi Yadava, Jaitrapala, was a ruler of the Seuna (Yadava) dynasty of Deccan region in India.

Aboriginal Tasmanians

Aboriginal Tasmanians or Tasmanian aborigines are indigenous people of Tasmania whom were cut off the rest of Australia and the natives about 9 thousand years ago due to rising sea levels.

Nepali Congress, Koshi Province

Nepali Congress, Koshi Province (Nepali: नेपाली कांग्रेस , कोशी प्रदेश Nepali pronunciation: [neˈpali ˈkaŋres, kōśī pradēśa]; abbr. NC , KP) is a social democratic political party in Nepal and the largest party in the Koshi Province. Uddhav Thapa is the President of of the Committee. It is the single major opposition party against the Government of Bagmati Province. It has participated in every Bagmati Provincial Assembly election since 2017, the first election in the Provincial in Nepal.

Zhangixalus burmanus

The Patsarlamdam flying frog, Yunnan flying frog, Gongshan tree frog, or Burmese gliding tree frog ("Zhangixalus burmanus") is a frog. It lives in China, Myanmar, India, and Bhutan.

Deputy Prime Minister of Nepal

The deputy prime minister of Nepal () is the deputy head of government of Nepal. The deputy prime minister is second in seniority in the Council of Ministers of Nepal. The deputy prime minister is the senior-most member of cabinet after prime minister in the Government of Nepal. The deputy prime minister presides and chairs the cabinet in the absence of prime minister.

The following individuals have been officially appointed as deputy prime minister of Nepal since the country was declared a republic in 2008:

Zhangixalus nigropunctatus

The Weining flying frog, black-snouted frog, or black-spotted frog ("Zhangixalus nigropunctatus") is a frog. It lives in China. It lives in Sichuan Province and Hubei Province. People have seen it between 2000 and 3150 meters above sea level.

Zhangixalus leucofasciatus

The white-striped tree frog ("Zhangixalus leucofasciatus") is a frog. It lives in China. It lives in Guangxi Province and Guizhou Province.

Jamestown Settlement

On 14 May 1607, just over one hundred men settled in what is now Jamestown, Virginia to become the first permanent English colony in the New World. In 1619 the first women and slaves
arrived, and the colonists elected some of their number to the House of Burgesses, the first representative legislature in the Americas. The colony was chartered on 10 April 1606, one year back. 

To mark the 350th anniversary of the founding of Jamestown Settlement, in 1957 a large festival park opened with much ballyhoo: Queen Elizabeth II of England made an official appearance and loaned a copy of the Magna Carta for the exhibition. There is now a working reconstruction of the settlement -- and of the three ships that brought the colonists: the "Godspeed", the "Discovery", and the "Susan Constant" (or "Sarah Constant") -- that is very popular with tourists, especially school groups. Recent archeological work at the site is still expanding our knowledge of what happened at Jamestown in its earliest days.

Apple Campus

The Apple Campus was the main headquarters of Apple Inc. from 1993 to 2017. It was then replaced by Apple Park but is still used by Apple for offices and labs. The campus is in Cupertino, California, USA. It looks like a university with buildings around green spaces. Apple has another big campus in Silicon Valley called Apple Campus 3.

Apple’s first headquarters was at Building 1 on Mariani Ave in Cupertino. The new campus was built on land that was used by Four-Phase Systems. The campus has an area of . It was built in 1992 and finished in 1993. Before 1997, the campus was only used for research and development. When Steve Jobs came back to Apple in 1997, he made changes to the campus. More buildings were used and activities not related to research and development were moved to buildings on Infinite Loop.

In August 2008, there was a fire in the building Valley Green 6. Firefighters worked all night to put out the fire. No one was hurt but the building had $2 million of damage.

The Apple Campus is at the corner of Interstate 280 and De Anza Boulevard. It has six buildings on four floors and covers 32 acres.

List of South Africa Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of South Africa Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for South Africa since debuting in 2005.

David Wiese

David Wiese was born 18 May, 1985 in Roodepoort, Transvaal Province, South Africa. He is a South African-Namibian cricketer who has played 15 one-day internationals and 39 twenty20 internationals for Namibia and South Africa.

Praise a Lord Who Chews but Which Does Not Consume; (Or Simply, Hot Between Worlds)

Praise a Lord Who Chews but Which Does Not Consume; (Or Simply, Hot Between Worlds) is the fifth studio album by Yves Tumor. Yves Tumor is an American experimental music maker. The album was released on March 17, 2023. It was released by Warp Records.

Letterland

Letterland is a unique phonics-based approach to teaching reading, writing and spelling to 3-to-8-year-olds. Its information-rich characters known as Letterlanders who live in an imaginary place called Letterland transform from plain, black letters into child-friendly pictograms and back.

By translating the full range of dry phonic facts into engaging stories, children are motivated to listen to think and to learn. These stories explain letter shapes and sounds and quickly develop into word building, reading and writing.

1966–67 Austrian Cup

The 1966-67 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. Admira Energie were the defending champions. In the first round, the first league clubs had to play away. In the event of a draw, overtime + replay, in the event of a draw in the replay, overtime + drawing of lots. This time the cup was decided by drawing of lots for Austria Wien after the two finalists (Austria Wien, Linzer ASK) had scored a goal tie in the final after the two-legged game

First round with teams from the first and second league.

Replay match:

Replay match:

Wilhelm Harreither - Heribert Trubrig - Manfred Pichler - Manfred Leitner - Franz Viehböck - Carlos Lima - Gerhard Sturmberger - Luka Liposinovic - Helmut Köglberger - Janos Kondert - Alfons Wurdinger<br> coach: Frantisek Bufka
Arkoc Özcan - Heinz Nowy - Johann Frank - Karl Fröhlich - Walter Hiesel - Alfons Dirnberger - Thomas Parits - Hans Buzek - Josef Hickersberger - Johann Geyer - Ernst Fiala <br>coach: Ernst Ocwirk
Arkoc Özcan - Heinz Nowy - Johann Frank - Karl Fröhlich - Walter Hiesel - Alfons Dirnberger - Thomas Parits - Hans Buzek - Josef Hickersberger - Jacare - Ernst Fiala <br>coach: Ernst Ocwirk

Wilhelm Harreither - Heribert Trubrig - Manfred Pichler - Siegfried Hintringer - Franz Viehböck - Carlos Lima - Gerhard Sturmberger - Luka Liposinovic - Helmut Köglberger - Janos Kondert - Alfons Wurdinger<br> coach: Frantisek Bufka

List of Ireland Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Ireland Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Ireland after debuting in August 2008.

Ministry of Home Affairs (Nepal)

Ministry of Home Affairs Nepal () is the governmental body of Nepal mainly responsible for delivering critical services to the citizens and maintain security in the nation. After the Supreme Court annulled Rabi Lamichhane's citizenship certificate, the incumbent prime minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal is serving as the current minister of home affairs. 

The Ministry of Home consists of the following seven Departments:

Vip Mobile Srbija

Vip Mobile Srbija d.o.o. is a Serbian mobile network operator owned by Vip Telekom Austria Group. As of 2020, it is the third largest mobile telephony operator with market share of 25.67%.

On 1 December 2006, the mobilkom Austria group became the owner of the third mobile telephone license in Serbia for GSM 900/1800 and UMTS networks, through a payment of €320 million. The license was legally transferred to Vip.

Considering the great potential of the Serbian telecommunications market, the mobilkom Austria group has planned to invest up to €570 million in its first four years of operations, including the €320 million it spent on acquiring its operating license in Serbia in 2006. This makes Vip the biggest Greenfield investment in Serbia so far. In 2008, Vip became general sponsor of Serbian national volleyball team.

According to the 2015 annual financial report, company had revenue of €206.8 million, with 2.1 million customers it held a market share of 22,5%.

The IMSI - Network Code of Vip is 220-05 and MSISDN Network Codes are 060 (international: +381 60), 061 (international: +381 61) and 068 (international: +381 68).


Vip previously used national roaming with mt:s and Telenor.

License obligations for the end of 2010 require Vip to cover 80% of territory and 90% of population with its own quality signal. So far, all requirements in terms of coverage given by the license are achieved and Vip signal is available all over Serbia.



A1 Telekom Austria Group

A1 Telekom Austria Group is a provider of a range of fixed-line, broadband Internet, multimedia services, data, and IT systems, wholesale as well as mobile payment services. It is a subsidiary of Mexican telecommunications conglomerate América Móvil since 2014, and its headquarters are in Vienna. The company operates subsidiaries in seven European countries: Austria, Belarus, Bulgaria, Croatia, North Macedonia, Serbia, and Slovenia. Its largest subsidiary is the Austrian telecommunications provider A1 Telekom Austria.

Telekom Austria's earliest predecessor, the state-owned PTT agency K.K Post- und Telegraphenverwaltung (PTV), was formed in 1887 when all telephone and mail services in Austria-Hungary were taken over by the state. After World War I, the Austrian portion of the company became simply Post- und Telegraphenverwaltung.

In 1996, with the passage of the Post Restructuring Act, PTV was restructured as a public corporation, Post-und Telekom Austria AG (PTA AG). Only two years later, the telecommunications sector was fully deregulated and PTA was split, with the telecom side becoming Telekom Austria. The company was fully privatised in 2000 and was listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange (it delisted from the latter in 2007).

In June 2000, the company invested about 15 million euros to rebrand itself as Jet2Web. However, Jet2Web failed to succeed in the market, because it was perceived as unreliable. The use of the name was discontinued in 2002, and the company name Telekom Austria was revived as the brand name with a new logo.

In June 2006, the company was split into the holding company Telekom Austria Group, with the public switched telephone network becoming Telekom Austria FixNet AG, which was later renamed Telekom Austria TA AG. In doing so, Telekom Austria FixNet AG became a sister company of affiliate Mobilkom Austria AG.

Both merged in 2010 to form A1 Telekom Austria. Foreign subsidiaries of Mobilkom Austria were transferred to the holding company, so that A1 Telekom Austria would only deal with the Austrian market.

In 2011, misdemeanours by company directors between 2004 and 2006 became public, erupting into a scandal known as the Telekom-Affäre.

As of the end of 2016, Telekom Austria Group had 18,203 employees and generated about €4.2 billion in revenues.

In 2020, all shares of Telecom Liechtenstein were sold to the Principality.

On 23 April 2014 Carlos Slim, owner of America Movil, took control of Telekom Austria by forming a syndicate agreement between ÖIAG and America Movil, spending as much as $2 billion to buy out minority shareholders and investing up to 1 billion euros ($1.38 billion) into the company. America Movil sees Telekom Austria as a "platform for expansion into Central and Eastern Europe". Labour representatives boycotted the decision on the syndicate agreement at the ÖIAG supervisory board meeting for 12 hours criticising lack of explicit job guarantees.

A1 Telekom Austria Group operates the following subsidiaries:

A1 Telekom reduced mobile Internet bandwidth in Minsk during 2020 Belarusian protests at the request of Belarusian officials. 


Minister of Home Affairs (Nepal)

The Minister of Home Affairs (or simply, the Home Minister, ( Nepali: गृहमन्त्री ) is the head of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of Nepal. One of the senior-most officers in the Federal Cabinet, the chief responsibility of the Home Minister is the maintenance of Nepal's internal security; the country's large police force comes under its jurisdiction. Occasionally, they are assisted by the Minister of State of Home Affairs and the lower-ranked Deputy Minister of Home Affairs.

This is a list of former Ministers of Home Affairs since Nepal was declared Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal:

Minister of Foreign Affairs (Nepal)

The Minister of Foreign Affairs (, or simply, the Foreign Minister) is the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Government of Nepal. One of the senior-most offices in the federal cabinet, the chief responsibility of the foreign minister is to represent Nepal and its government in the international community. The Foreign Minister also plays an important role in determining and implementing Nepalese foreign policy.

This is a list of Ministers of Foreign Affairs of Nepal.


Rising Sun (movie)

Rising Sun is a 1993 American action mystery thriller movie directed by Philip Kaufman and was based on the 1992 novel of the same name by Michael Crichton. It stars Wesley Snipes, Harvey Keitel, Sean Connery, Mako, Keith Anderson, Ray Wise, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Tia Carrere, Peter Crombie, Steve Buscemi, Amy Hill, Matt LeBlanc, Alexandra Powers, Tylyn John and Clyde Kusatsu. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jerry Abramov

Jerry (Jerucham) Abramov (born June 8, 1979) is an Israeli businessman. He is the founder and CEO of COS Phones.

Abramov was born on June 8, 1979 in Hadera, Israel. He migrated to Toronto, Canada at the age of nine, before moving to the U.S. at the age of 25 to pursue his career in business. 

In 2005, Abramov founded COS Phones which is a global reverse logistics company and distribution network for mobile products based in Haltom City, Texas. Glenn Lurie, the former CEO of AT&T, is a member of the COS Phones advisory group. In 2017, the company made revenue of approximately $100 million from the sale of 12 million smartphones and accessories. In the same year, Jerry acquired 20 percent of Kingdom Supplies, a company which specialises in reverse logistics and retail liquidations and he sold his shares in 2020.

In 2016, he launched Abramov Race Team. He is also a member of the executive board of a non-profit organization, Curing Kids Cancer. 

Abramov has been married to Madlena Abramov and the couple has 5 children.

Galactic year

The galactic year, also known as a cosmic year, is the length of time needed for the Sun to orbit once around the center of the Milky Way Galaxy. One galactic year is 230 million Earth years. The Solar System is traveling at an average speed of 230 km/s (828,000 km/h) within its arc-like path around the galactic center, a speed at which an object could travel around the Earth's equator in 2 minutes and 54 seconds; that speed goes along with about 1/1300 of the speed of light.

The galactic year provides a conveniently usable unit for showing cosmic and geological time periods together. Very differently, a "billion-year" scale does not allow for useful difference between geologic events, and a "million-year" scale needs some rather large numbers.

List of Croatia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Croatian Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Croatia.

Turanism

Turanism (Turkish Turancılık) is a ideology that assumes a common origin of the Turkic, Finno-Ugrian, Mongolian and Manchu-Tungusic peoples.

Space Age Love Song

"Space Age Love Song" is a 1982 song by British new wave band A Flock of Seagulls and is the fourth single from their debut studio album "A Flock of Seagulls". It made the top 40 in the United States, the United Kingdom and New Zealand. It was used in the 1991 movie "Career Opportunities".

Turkic mythology

Turkic mythology reflects the wide variety of different religions that the Turkic peoples professed throughout their history. It is mainly influenced by Tengrism, the old Turkish faith. Heroic rulers always play an important role, the sacred wolf, the levels of the underworld and the upper world in which various overpowering beings exist, giants, monsters, and the sacred numbers 3, 7, 9 and 40.

The legend of the she-wolf Asena is the oldest known legend of Turkish mythology (oldest version 330 BC). It is the tragic story of the Tue'kue, who are wiped out except for one badly injured little boy by an enemy attack. The boy survives in a bog with severed hands and feet. The she-wolf Asena finds the boy, nurses him and thus ensures the continued existence of the colony. The wolf, as the holiest and highest totem animal of the Turks, plays an important role in many sagas and myths. The Turks regarded the wolf as their ancestor. The wolf is the animal that seems to play the most important role in ancient Turkic mythology. It is likely that the original legend of the ancestral wolf developed among the Hsiung-nu (or Huns) at an unknown but undoubtedly very early date. Shiratori writes that in pre-Christian times it appears already well developed among the Wu sun of the Išíq Qul and the Ili, who are Indo-Europeans or Proto-Turks. Two stories introduce us to her. Both told of a she-wolf nursing a foundling and a raven circling overhead.

Kaira Khan understands that he must create land. He commands man to dive into the water and fetch sand from the bottom. Man is insidious and ungrateful, he suspects the intention of the god and hides a little bit for himself when fetching the sand in his mouth (or in his beak) in order to create his own country. He follows the god's renewed command and scatters the sand on the water. Suddenly, islands appear that grow rapidly and become land. But the sand in people's mouths is also beginning to increase. His cheeks are getting bigger and he is in danger of suffocating and dying. Kaira Khan orders him to spit out the sand so he doesn't die. From what is spat out arise (ugly, superfluous) mountains on the beautiful land that before was only wide, flat steppe. Kaira Khan speaks: You sinned and wanted to cheat me. The minds of the peoples who worship me will be pure and they will enjoy the sunlight. Your name shall be Erlik. The people who commit sin shall become your people. Kaira Khan grows a huge tree on a hill with nine branches. Törüngey and Eje, the ancestors of all people, sit under this tree.

The 11th-century Dede-Korkut book contains twelve sagas of the Oghuz. Among them are tribal myths, heroic sagas and heartbreaking love stories. It dates from the early Islamic period of the Turks, when the Tengris elements were still predominant in Turkish culture. It is believed that even most of these stories date from the pre-Islamic period and were later embellished with Islamic elements.




Geminal dihalides

When two halogen atoms are attached to the same carbon atom is known as geminal dihalides.

Case-sensitive

If something is case-sensitive uppercase and lowercase letters are treated as two different things. This has become common since computerisation. But it is not always true. Passwords are generally case-sensitive, but email addresses are not. urls are usually case-senstive but search engines may not be.

Abell S740

The Abell S740 is a cluster of galaxies. It is cataloged in the Abell catalogue of southern rich clusters of galaxies. It is over 450 million light years away in the constellation Centaurus. It also contains the giant elliptical galaxy ESO 325-G004, the giant elliptical galaxy is also the brightest galaxy in the cluster. It has a redshift of 10,073 km/s.

Sculptor Group

The Sculptor Group is a loose group of galaxies. It is visible near the south galactic pole. The group is one of the nearest groups of galaxies to the Local Group; the distance to the center of the Sculptor Group from the Milky Way is about 12.7 million light years.

The Sculptor Galaxy (NGC 253) and a few other galaxies form a gravitationally-bound core in the center of this group. A few other galaxies at the edges may be connected with the group but may not be gravitationally bound. Because most of the galaxies in this group are actually weakly gravitationally bound, the group may also be described as a filament. It is believed to be at an early stage of evolution in which galaxies are still falling into the group along filamentary structures.

Astrakhan Tatars

The Astrakhan Tatars (Tatar: Əsterxan tatarları, Әsterhan tatarlary) are a Muslim Tatars population of about 80,000 people in the Astrakhan Oblast, Russia.

They are descended from the nomadic Kypchaks, Volga Bulgarians and Khazars]]. After the breakup of the Golden Horde, they founded the Khanate of Astrakhan (1459-1556) on the Lower Volga. The related Nogai also lived here, by whom they were strongly influenced. The Volga Bulgarians also had trading settlements in the area, and the so-called Agryzjan Tatars, were the Muslim descendants of 51 Indian Hindu traders from India, who settled in Astrakhan in 1649 and married local Muslim Astrakhan Tatar women. 
The families lived in the Agryzjan suburb in Astrakhan and the descendants were named after this suburb. 

Since the 17th century there was an increasing influence of the also Muslim Volga Tatars, who lived in the middle course of the river.

During the Soviet period, the Astrakhan Tatars were counted among the Volga Tatars. In the 2010 census, most simply listed themselves as "Tatars". A large number of Volga Tatars also live in the oblast, and the differences between them are gradually disappearing.

Astrakhan Tatar is a mixed dialect. Around 43,000 speakers have assimilated to the much more widely spoken Kazan Tatar language.


Icosidodecahedron

An icosidodecahedron is a polyhedron (a three-dimensional shape) with 20 ("icosi") triangular faces and 12 ("dodeca") pentagonal faces. An icosidodecahedron has 30 identical vertices, with two triangles and two pentagons meeting at each, and 60 identical edges, each separating a triangle from a pentagon. As such it is one of the Archimedean solids and more especially, a quasiregular polyhedron.

Xu Jilin

Xu Jilin (born 1957; ) is a Chinese historian. He is a professor of history at East China Normal University, and specializes in 20th century Chinese intellectual history.

Born in 1957 in Shanghai, Xu Jilin studied policy at East China Normal University. From 1997 to 2003, Xu Jilin was a visiting professor and visiting scholar at the Harvard–Yenching Institute, the National University of Singapore, and the University of Tokyo. In 2003, he returned to the East China Normal University where he continued his career.

Xu Jilin serves on the editorial board of the journal "Twenty-First Century Bimonthly", published by Chinese University of Hong Kong.


Haldibari Rural Municipality

Haldibari () is a rural municipality (gaunpalika) out of seven rural municipality in Jhapa District of Province No. 1 of Nepal. There are a total of 15 municipalities in Jhapa in which 8 are urban and 7 are rural. According to Ministry of Federal Affairs and Local Developme Haldibari has an area of and the total population of the municipality is 29,223 as of Census of Nepal 2011.

Bhadrapur Municipality

Bhadrapur () is a town and municipality in Jhapa District in the Koshi Pradesh of southeastern Nepal. It lies on the banks of the Mechi River, and shares borders with Bihar state, India on the south and West Bengal state on the north. There is a border crossing with a customs office for goods. Galgalia village in Kishanganj district borders with Bhadrapur.

Bhadrapur is home to Momento Apparels, which was one of Nepal's largest exporters of ready-made garments. The factory has been forced out of operation since 2012. In its heyday, the factory had a workforce of 2,000, and supplied ready-made garments to the US (including retail outlets such as Walmart and JCPenney) and several European countries.

Bhadrapur Airport is served by Nepal Airlines, Saurya Airlines, Shree Airlines, Yeti Airlines and Buddha Air with daily flights. Nepal Airlines flies 3 times a week, the others have daily flights. The first flight to Kathmandu is at 06:30am and the last flight is 9:00 pm.


Jhapa Rural Municipality

Jhapa () is a rural municipality (gaunpalika) out of seven rural municipalities in Jhapa District of Koshi Province of Nepal. There are 15 municipalities in Jhapa. Eight are urban and 7 are rural.

According to Ministry of Federal Affairs and Local Developme Jhapa has an area of and the total population of the municipality is 34601 as of Census of Nepal 2011.

Buddhashanti Rural Municipality

Buddhashanti () is a rural municipality (gaunpalika) out of seven rural municipality located in Jhapa District of Koshi Province of Nepal. There are a total of 15 municipalities in Jhapa in which 8 are urban and 7 are rural.
Buddhashanti, according to Ministry of Federal Affairs and Local Development has an area of and the total population of the municipality is 41,615 as of Census of Nepal 2011.


Pushpa Raj Pokharel

Pushpa Raj Pokharel is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the CPN (UML). He is a former Member of Parliament and a former Mayor of Bhadrapur.

Dharma Prasad Ghimire

Dharma Prasad Ghimire () is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal. In the 2008 Constituent Assembly election he was elected from the Jhapa 1 constituency, winning 15276 votes.

Rabin Koirala

Rabin Koirala is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the CPN (UML). He is a former Member of Parliament, elected in 2013, and a former Mayor of Mechinagar.

Ram Karki

Ram Karki (), (born 16 October 1956) also known as Surendra Kumar Karki, is a Nepali politician belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). He was the minister for Information and Communications of Nepal from August 2016 to May 2017.


2017 Nepalese general election

General elections were held in Nepal in two phases on 26 November and 7 December 2017 to elect the 275 members of the fifth House of Representatives, the lower house of the Federal Parliament of Nepal. The election was held alongside the first provincial elections for the seven provincial assemblies. A political deadlock between the governing Nepali Congress and the winning left-wing coalition over the system used to elect the upper house led to delay in forming the new government. Following the announcement of final result by the Election Commission, K.P. Oli of Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist) was sworn in as Prime Minister on 15 February 2018 by the President according to Article 76 (2) of the constitution. He passed a Motion of Confidence on 11 March 2018 with 208 votes.

Arrondissement of Abbeville

The arrondissement of Abbeville is an arrondissement of France. It is in the Somme department in the Hauts-de-France region. It has 6 cantons and 164 communes.

Oleh Barna

Oleh Stepanovych Barna (; 18 April 1967 – 17 April 2023) was a Ukrainian human rights activist and politician who served as a People's Deputy of Ukraine from 2014 to 2019. Barna fought during the Russian invasion of Ukraine and was killed in action on 17 April 2023, a day before his 56th birthday.

Bishwa Prakash Sharma

Bishwa Prakash Sharma () is a Nepali politician. He is one of the two general secretaries of the Nepali Congress.


2013 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election

Constituent Assembly elections were held in Nepal on 19 November 2013. The vote was repeatedly delayed. It has been planned for 22 November 2012 after the dissolution of the 1st Constituent Assembly on 27 May 2012, but it was put off by the election commission. The Nepali Congress became the largest party in the 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly, winning 196 of the 575 elected seats.


Earth radius

Earth radius (represented as "R" or formula_1) is the distance from the center of Earth to a point on or near its surface. Approximating the figure of Earth by an Earth spheroid, the radius ranges from a maximum of nearly (equatorial radius, represented "a") to a minimum of nearly (polar radius, represented "b"). 

Earth radius is sometimes used as a unit of measurement in astronomy and geophysics. The International Astronomical Union recommends that the radius at the equator should be used.

A globally-average value is usually believed to be with a 0.3% variability (±10 km) for the following reasons. The International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics (IUGG) provides three reference values: the "mean radius" (R) of three radii measured at two equator points and a pole; the "authalic radius", which is the radius of a sphere with the same surface area (R); and the "volumetric radius", which is the radius of a sphere having the same volume as the ellipsoid (R). All three values are about .

Other ways to define and measure the Earth radius involve the radius of curvature. A few definitions yield values outside the range between polar radius and equatorial radius because they include local or geoidal topography or because they depend on abstract geometrical that are carefully thought about.

1999 Nepalese general election

General elections were held in Nepal on 3 and 17 May 1999. The Nepali Congress emerged as the largest party, gaining 28 seats, while the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) (CPN–UML) lost 17.


Sabina Bajagain

Sabina Bajagain (Nepali: सबिना बजगाईं) is a NepalI politician. She is a member of the Koshi Provincial Assembly from Rastriya Prajatantra Party. She was elected via 2022 Provincial Assembly election from Jhapa 1 (B).

Zhangixalus hui

The white-striped tree frog ("Zhangixalus hui") is a frog. It lives in China and Vietnam. People have seen it between 600 and 2100 meters above sea level.

Scientists used to think this was the same species as "Rhacophorus dugritei", but they changed their minds in 2008.

Bumin Qaghan

Bumin Qaghan (Old Turkic: 𐰉𐰆𐰢𐰣:𐰴𐰍𐰣, Turkish: Bumin Kağan; died at 552) was the founder of the first Turkish empire in history, the First Turk Khanate of the Gökturks in Late Antique Central Asia. Until the discovery of the Orkhon runes (1889) and the decipherment of the writings on them (1893) by the Danish philologist Vilhelm Thomsen, Bumin Qaghan was known only by his Chinese name 土門 (T'u-men), as he is found in mentioned in Chinese sources 

 

Pens Corner

Pens Corner in Dublin, Ireland was a business that used to supply pens across the world and in Ireland since the 1920s. They were a company that used to home pens from all across the world including parts of Europe such as Switzerland, France, Italy, Germany, the United Kingdom these brands would include Caran D'Ache, Waterman, Mont Blanc, Lamy, Faber Castell, Montegrappa, Visconti, ST. Dupont, Namisu, Dunhill, Cartier, and Parker; the United States would home brands such as Sheaffer(now partnered with William Penn from India), Cross and Easterbrook and parts of Asia such as Japan would home pens such as Pilot, Curidas and Sailor. Pens Corner would also be situated in Dubai, United Arab Emirates since the 1990s with staff from Dubai, Kerala and Mumbai, Pens Corner Dubai would be associated with King's formerly known as King's Traders a custom made online shoe store integrated with selling pens. King's has been a business in Dubai since the late 1960s. 

Pens Corner Dublin has been in Dublin 12 College Green, Dublin 2, D02 H973, Ireland, and has relocated in 2022 and has renamed itself to Pen Palace in Dublin, Unit 317a, Marine Rd, Dún Laoghaire Shoppin Center, Dublin, Ireland. The store opens at 9:00 am. 

William Penn (Pen company from India, branches across India)

Fountain Pen Hospital (Manhattan, New York)

Blackjack (1998 movie)

Blackjack is a 1998 Canadian American television action movie directed by John Woo and starring Dolph Lundgren, Peter Keleghan, Fred Williamson, Kate Vernon, Belle Perez, Andrew Jackson, Saul Rubinek, Kam Heskin. It was distributed by Miramax Films.

Elvira Yankovskaya

Celebrity stylist, influencer. Mrs. Russia International-2013 

Elvira was born on 5.01.1980 in Kazan, the capital of the Republic of Tatarstan. At the age of 5, her parents divorced due to her father's problems with alcohol, which had a detrimental effect on the young girl. A stepfather entered their family, who adopted Elvira and gave her his last name when she turned 14. 

She was originally a creative child, engaging in dance and enjoying dressing up. Another child, Elvira's brother, was born into the family, and she adored him, dedicating a lot of time to his upbringing and assisting her parents. 

Elvira graduated from the Faculty of Philology of Kazan State University, then received a second higher education – in finance and management management. She worked for almost a year in the City Tax Service of the Republic of Tatarstan as an assistant manager. 

She was educated at the Higher School of Stylistics and the Marangoni Institute in Milan. 

While studying at the Faculty of Philology at Kazan State University, Elvira continued to work. She taught English at her hometown school and hosted a program on Kazan TV. 

Arriving in Germany for an internship, Elvira attracted the attention of representatives of the German brand of women's clothing "BETTY BARCLAY", who offered her to become a representative of the brand in Russia. She moved to Moscow.  After 2 years of working in the company, Elvira and her husband open their own business: shops of the German brand "BETTY BARCLAY". They opened 3 boutiques.

In November 2013, while still an entrepreneur, Elvira won the contest "Mrs. Russia International-2013", where she represented the Republic of Tatarstan. She received several titles at once "Mrs. Photo", "Mrs. Internet recognition", "Mrs. Audience Sympathy", the author of "The Best national dish" and, of course, the main crown of the competition. 

In 2016-2018, she worked on television as a brand manager and head of a fashion studio. 

In 2018, Elvira became the head of the clothing brand for the singer Nyusha. She organised the brand's participation in Moscow Fashion Week.

In 2019, she changed her job profile to a stylist/image maker of a wide range. 

In 2020, she became the head of the Miralin eco-cosmetics project, leading the development and positioning of the brand in the market.

Since 2021, she has been working as a personal stylist and brand stylist.

Among her celebrity clients as a stylist, we can highlight: 


At the end of 2022, Elvira deservedly receives the "Best Stylist of the Year" award according to Fashion TV. 

She became an ambassador and stylist of the glossy magazine Cosmopolitan Russia. 

In 2022, she attended Milan Fashion Week and got into the international gloss list. Her street style images shocked fashion influencers, and her image from Roberto Cavalli was discussed by the designer's fashion house a week after Elvira's appearance at the show.

Elvira and Sergey were both involved in fitness at the same gym. "At first, it was a game of glances," Elvira recalls. "It turned out that Sergey hesitated to approach me, thinking I was unavailable. But one day, he finally came up to me and asked for help with an exercise... I thank fate for bringing us together." 

The couple is raising their daughter Kristina and son Mark in their marriage.

Impractical Jokers

Impractical Jokers is an American hidden-camera reality comedy show which premiered on truTV on December 15, 2011. The show is about four lifelong friends (known as "jokers"): James "Murr" Murray, Brian "Q" Quinn, Sal Vulcano, and Joe Gatto, who compete in a series of hilarious public challenges in (almost) every episode while being secretly filmed with hidden cameras. At the end of most episodes, the joker(s) who lost the most challenges (known as the "Big Loser[s]") have to face an uncomfortable punishment, and if they refuse, they're kicked off the show. Joe left the show in the middle of season 9 to focus on parenting his children after divorcing his wife. Starting with its tenth season, the show is airing on TBS. "Impractical Jokers" has gotten mostly good reviews from most critics, and has become a popular show.

Antlia Dwarf

The Antlia Dwarf (also known as PGC 29194) is a dwarf spheroidal galaxy (dSph) or irregular galaxy. It is located 4.3 million light years away in the Antlia-Sextans Group in the constellation Antlia. It is the 4th and the faintest galaxy of the Antlia-Sextans Group. It contains stars of all ages, it contains large amounts of gas and has experienced recent star formation. The Antila Dwarf is believed to be tidally interacting with the small barred galaxy called NGC 3109.

Bleach: Erabareshi Tamashii

The opening theme based on the anime is "D Tecnolife" by UVERworld, that used from the second opening of the anime.

Jim Elliot

Phillip James Elliot (October 8, 1927 – January 8, 1956) was a Christian missionary to Ecuador, where he was killed by Huaorani Indians.

"He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose." (an entry in Jim Elliot's journal)

"Wherever you are, be all there. Live to the hilt every situation you believe to be the will of God."

Jhapa 2 (constituency)

Jhapa 2 () is one of five parliamentary constituencies of Jhapa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Jhapa 2 incorporates Arjundhara Municipality, wards 1–9 of Birtamod Municipality, wards 8 and 9 of Kankai Municipality and wards 1-2–3 of Buddhashanti Rural Municipality.

It encompasses the following Koshi Provincial Assembly segment




Jhapa 3 (constituency)

Jhapa 3 () is one of five parliamentary constituencies of Jhapa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Jhapa 3 incorporates Kachankawal Rural Municipality, Haldibari Rural Municipality, Barhadashi Rural Municipality, ward 10 of Birtamod Municipality and wards 1–8 of Bhadrapur Municipality.

It encompasses the following Koshi Provincial Assembly segment




Jhapa 4 (constituency)

Jhapa 4 () is one of five parliamentary constituencies of Jhapa District in Nepal. This constituency came into existence on the Constituency Delimitation Commission (CDC) report submitted on 31 August 2017.

Jhapa 4 incorporates Jhapa Rural Municipality, Shivasataxi Municipality, wards 1–7 of Kankai Municipality, wards 1 and 2 of Gauriganj Rural Municipality and ward 9 of Gauradaha Municipality.

It encompasses the following Koshi Provincial Assembly segment




Granula

Granula was the first commercial breakfast cereal, invented by James Caleb in 1863. It is mostly made of bran-rich graham flour, which was formed into nugget shapes and baked until it was crispy. Granula was marketed as healthy and was intended to be eaten with milk or cream.

James Caleb, a Seventh-day Adventist, was the proprietor of the Jackson Sanatorium in Dansville, New York, which in hydrotherapy and vegetarianism. He created Granula as a healthy food for his patients, who had to follow a vegetarian diet. Jackson believed that a diet of whole grains and vegetables was the key to good health and longevity.

In 1863, Jackson created Granula by baking graham flour into nuggets, which were then broken into smaller pieces. The cereal was really hard and required soaking in milk or cream before it could be eaten. Jackson marketed Granula as a healthy food, claiming that it was nutritious and easily digestible.

Granula was popular and was sold through mail order catalogs and health food stores, but it was not popular for a long time because of its hard texture and the fact that it required soaking before it could be eaten. In 1877, a similar cereal called Grape-Nuts was introduced, which was made from wheat and barley flour and had a less hard texture. Grape-Nuts quickly became more popular than Granula and eventually replaced it as the msot popular breakfast cereal in the United States.

Although Granula was not successful, it led to the development of the modern breakfast cereal industry. It inspired other inventors to create new and more palatable cereal products, such as Kellogg's Corn Flakes and Quaker Oats.

Today, the term "granola" is used to describe a range of breakfast cereals that are typically made from rolled oats, nuts, and dried fruit. These cereals are often sweetened with honey or sugar and are popular with health-conscious consumers.

IOS jailbreaking

iOS jailbreaking refers to the process of removing the software restrictions imposed by Apple on its iOS operating system. This allows users to gain root access to their iOS devices, modify the device's software and install apps from sources outside of the Apple App Store. Jailbreaking has a rich history, with its origins dating back to the early days of the iPhone.

Jailbreaking first became popular in 2007 with the release of the original iPhone. The first jailbreaking tool was developed by a group of hackers known as the iPhone Dev Team. The tool allowed users to modify their iPhones, install third-party applications, and customize the appearance of the user interface.

Over the years, jailbreaking became more mainstream, and a thriving community of developers and enthusiasts emerged. Many of the early jailbreaking tools were based on exploits found in iOS, which allowed users to bypass Apple's security measures.

In 2010, the US government made it legal to jailbreak an iPhone, citing that jailbreaking did not violate copyright laws. This ruling helped to further legitimize jailbreaking and brought it into the mainstream.

Today, jailbreaking is still popular among iOS users, although it has become less common than in previous years. This is partly due to the increased security measures implemented by Apple in recent versions of iOS.

Jailbreaking can also have negative consequences, such as voiding the device's warranty, and potentially leaving the device vulnerable to security threats.

There are still many jailbreaking tools and communities available for those interested in modifying their iOS devices. These communities continue to develop new tweaks, apps, and tools to enhance the functionality and customization of iOS devices.

Sauber Motorsport

The Sauber F1 is listed as racing in the 2024 season of Formula One.

IRAS 05280-6910

IRAS 05280–6910 (also known as LMC 582) is a red supergiant star or OH/IR supergiant star. It is located in the Large Magellanic Cloud and it is also the most reddened object in the Large Magellanic Cloud, far more than the redness that the famous red supergiant WOH G64 emits. Its radius is 1,367 to 1,736 times that of the Sun, making it one of the largest stars found so far. If it was placed at the center of the Solar System, its photosphere would reach and eat the orbit of Jupiter. It is estimated that the star loses (Solar mass) per year, this mass loss rate is the highest known for any red supergiant star.

R1a1

Haplogroup R1a1 (Y DNA) In genetics, the Haplogroup R1a1 (M17) is a Y chromosome haplogroup, which is distributed across Greater Asia or (Eurasia). This group is common in Europe, North Central Asia and India. In Europe, the highest concentrations are in Eastern Europe, particularly in Poland and Ukraine, where half of all males belong to this haplogroup. High concentrations are also present in Northern Europe and it is believed that the Vikings spread it throughout the rest of Europe, including the British Isles. The first carriers of the R1a1 haplotype may have been the Proto-Indo-European nomads in Ukraine about 5,000 years ago. In the context of the kurgan hypothesis, it is associated with the spread of the Indo-European languages. In India, the highest concentrations of R1a can be found in the Brahmins. The studies point to an Aryan migration dating back to before 1500 B.C. The average frequency across all castes of the R1a haplogroup is approximately 40%. In Europe a high concentration of this Lineage be found in Roma people https://www.discovermagazine.com/the-sciences/r1a1a-conquers-the-worldin-a-few-pulses

Hotaka

Hotaka may refer to:


Eduardo Ortiz Jasso

Eduardo Ortiz Jasso (born November 2, 1969) is a Mexican architect and urban planner, living in Cancun, Quintana Roo, Mexico.

He holds a master's degree in "sustainable urban design" and "management" from the Universidad Iberoamericana. He was awarded the UNAM Baz Prada Prize in 1992. 

He was director and founder of the Municipal Institute of Planning for Urban Development of Benito Juárez, IMPLAN.

For a period of six years, he was the general director of the Strategic Projects Agency of the State of Quintana Roo.

Eduardo was also UN Habitat's Prosperous Cities Program Coordinator for Mexico.

He is a member of the International Association of Urban Planners (Isocarp) and was president for the Association in Mexico.

In 2022, Eduardo was appointed general director of the Quintana Roo Institute for Development and Financing.

WASP-17

WASP-17 is a main sequence star about 1,300 light years away in the constellation Scorpius. It has the spectral type F6V. 

WASP-17 is also known as Dìwö. The name was selected in the NameExoWorlds campaign by Costa Rica. At that time, it was the 100th anniversary of the IAU. Dìwö in Bribri language means the sun.

The star has about the same amount of heavy elements as the Sun. However, it has less carbon than the Sun. The carbon-to-oxygen molar ratio of 0.18 for WASP-17 is far below the solar ratio of 0.55.

An extrasolar planet known as WASP-17b was confirmed orbiting the star as of 2009. The star is unusual for the reason that WASP-17b is believed to orbit in the opposite direction to the direction the star spins and is said to be twice the size of Jupiter, but half its mass. It is subject to deep photo-evaporation, and may be completely destroyed within 1 billion years from now.

WASP-17b was discovered by SuperWASP project. For this reason, the name of the planet and the star has WASP in them.

Peter Hannan (producer)

Peter Hannan is the creator of CatDog.


Subgiant

A subgiant is a type of star that is brighter and larger than a normal main sequence star of the same spectral class, but not as bright as giant stars. The term subgiant is applied both to a particular spectral luminosity class and to a stage in the evolution of a star.

James Dunlop

James Dunlop FRSE (31 October 1793 – 22 September 1848) was a Scottish astronomer, noted for his work in Australia. He was employed by Sir Thomas Brisbane to work as astronomer's helper at his private observatory, once located at Paramatta (now named Parramatta), New South Wales, about west of Sydney during the 1820s and 1830s. Dunlop was mostly a visual observer, doing stellar astrometry work for Brisbane, and after its completion, then independently discovered and catalogued many new telescopic southern double stars and deep-sky objects. He later became the Top-level manager of Paramatta Observatory when it was finally sold to the New South Wales Government.
James Dunlop was born in Dalry, Ayrshire, Scotland, the son of John Dunlop, a weaver, and his wife Janet, "née" Boyle. Dunlop was educated at a primary school in Dalry and went to work at a thread factory in Beith when he was 14. He also attended a night-school in Beith kept by a man named Gardiner. He became interested in astronomy at an early age and was building telescopes in 1810. By fortune in 1820, he got to know the astronomically inclined Sir Thomas Brisbane. In the same year, Brisbane was selected as the new Governor of New South Wales, who then decided to set up an astronomical observatory in the new Colony. Before leaving Britain, Dunlop was then selected as his second scientific helper, and both travelled to Sydney in 1821.

The Loud House Movie

The Loud House Movie is a 2021 American animated musical comedy movie. It is based on Nickelodeon's "The Loud House". It was produced by Nickelodeon Movies and directed by Dave Needham in his directorial debut.

The movie was originally going to be theatrically released in 2020 by Paramount Pictures. Instead, the movie was released on Netflix on August 20, 2021.

A live-action Christmas movie, "A Loud House Christmas" was released on Paramount+ on November 26, 2021.


List of East Africa ODI cricketers

This list includes all players from East Africa who have played at least one ODI match at the 1975 Cricket World Cup. The players came from Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia.


List of Kenya ODI cricketers

This list includes all players from Kenya who have played at least one ODI match.

"Last updated 30 January 2014, the date of Kenya's last ODI. This list includes all players who have played at least one ODI match and is initially arranged in the order of debut appearance. Where more than one player won their first cap in the same match, those players are initially listed alphabetically."

The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me

The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me is the third studio album by Brand New. Brand New is an American rock band. The album was released on November 21, 2006. It was released by Interscope Records. It was the band's first album with Interscope. The album was recorded from 2005 to 2006. The album was released after many of the band's demo tracks for it were put on the Internet. The album had two singles: "Sowing Season" and "Jesus Christ". The album went to the number 31 spot on the "Billboard" 200. It was the band's highest-charting album when it was released.

Many music critics have said "The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me" is one of the best albums made in the 2000s. Other music makers and writers have said it is a very important post-hardcore and emo album. The album is different from Brand New's other albums. The music on it is about things such as death, religion, and depression. On November 15, 2022, the album was certified gold by the RIAA. 

Brand New (band)

Brand New was an American rock band. The band was from Long Island, New York. It was made in 2000. The band's members were Jesse Lacey (singing, guitar), Vincent Accardi (guitar, singing), Garrett Tierney (bass guitar, singing) and Brian Lane (drums). From 2005 to 2013, Derrick Sherman (guitar, keyboard, singing) was also in the band. 

Lacey, Tierney and Lane played music in the band Rookie Lot before making Brand New. They made the band with Accardi in 2000. They joined Triple Crown Records, and made their first album in 2001. It was named "Your Favorite Weapon". Their second album was "Deja Entendu". Many music critics liked this album. It was different from their first album. Later, the band joined Interscope Records. This was a larger record label. The band's first album to reach the number one spot on the "Billboard" 200 was "Science Fiction" (2017). 


Zhangixalus chenfui

The Chinese whipping frog or Chenfu's tree frog ("Zhangixalus chenfui") is a frog. It lives in China. People have seen it between 900 and 3000 meters above sea level.

Zhangixalus minimus

The minimal tree frog ("Zhangixalus minimus") is a frog. It lives in China. People have seen it in one place, Dayao Mountain in Guangxi Province.

John Nagenda

John Mwesigwa Robin Nagenda was born 25 April, 1938 in Gahim, Rwanda and died 4 March, 2023 in Kampala, Uganda. He is a Rwanadan-Ugandan cricketer and writer who played three One-day Internationals for East Africa at the 1975 Cricket World Cup in England. He was later president of the Ugandan Cricket Association.

Vertain

Vertain () is a commune in the Nord department in northern France. In 2019, 510 people lived there.


Fastlove

"Fastlove" is a 1996 song by George Michael and is the second single from his third studio album "Older". It topped the single charts in Australia, Hungary, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom and made the top 20 in Austria, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Iceland, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Scotland, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States.






Templemars

Templemars () is a commune in the Nord department in northern France. The commune has a head office of Castorama. In 2019, 3,465 people lived there.


You Can't Do That

"You Can't Do That" is a 1964 song by The Beatles and is the A-side to their hit single "Can't Buy Me Love". It was written by John Lennon. It went to number 33 in Canada and number 48 in the United States. It was covered by Harry Nilsson in 1967 where it went to number 10 in Canada and number 122 in the United States.

List of Rwanda Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Rwanadan Twenty20 International cricketers who have played Twenty20 International cricket for Rwanda.

Sommaing

Sommaing () is a commune in the Nord department in northern France. In 2019, 403 people lived there.


Ramses I

Ramses I (răm'ses), Rameses I, or Ramesses I (both: răm'əsēz') was an Ancient Egyptian Pharaoh, or ruler. He reigned after Horemheb, the true founder of the XIX dynasty. He died after only one year as king. His son and successor was Seti I.

Steene

Steene (; from Flemish; "Stene" in modern Dutch spelling) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.


Thivencelle

Thivencelle () is a commune in Nord in northern France. It is near the France-Belgium border.


Geraldine, New Zealand

Geraldine () is a town in the Timaru District, New Zealand. It is situated 140 kilometers south of Christchurch, 51 kilometers south of Ashburton, 38 kilometers north-west of Timaru and 38 kilometers east of Fairlie on State Highway 79. It has two schools including a high school and library. From 1904 to 1989 it had a borough until it was adsorbed into the Timaru District in 1989. It is the home of musician Jordan Luck, rally driver Hayden Paddon and TVNZ broadcaster Peter Williams.

Ebony (tree)

Ebony is a dense darker than brown hardwood, coming from some species in the genus "Diospyros", which has persimmons as well. Not like most trees, ebony is dense enough to slowly fall in water. It is softly textured and has a mirror finish when polished, making it great as an ornamental wood. The word "ebony" comes from the Ancient Egyptian ', through the Ancient Greek ('), as well as Latin and Middle English.

The ebony tree has many species (types), having "Diospyros ebenum" (Ceylon ebony), that lives in southern India and Sri Lanka; "D. crassiflora" (Gabon ebony), usually in western Africa; "D. humilis" (Queensland ebony), native to Queensland, the Northern Territory, New Guinea and Timor; and "D. celebica" (Sulawesi ebony), native to Indonesia and prized for its nice, multi-colored wood grain. Mauritius ebony, "D. tessellaria", was largely overused by the Dutch in the 17th century. Some species in the genus have an ebony with similar looks, but striped rather than the even black of "D. ebenum".

Ebony has been used for a very long time, and carved pieces have been found in Ancient Egyptian tombs.

By the end of the 16th century, fine cabinets for the luxury trade were made of ebony in Antwerp. The wood's dense hardness helped people create refined moldings framing finely detailed pictorial panels with carving in very low relief (bas-relief), usually of allegorical subjects, or with scenes taken from classical or Christian history. Within a short time, such cabinets were also being made in Paris, where their makers became known as "ébénistes", which remains the French term for a cabinetmaker.

Modern uses are largely restricted to small items, such as crucifixes, the main body of some musical instruments such as the clarinet, oboe, or piccolo and musical instrument parts, including black piano, organ, and harpsichord keys; violin, viola, mandolin, guitar, double bass, and cello fingerboards; tailpieces; tuning pegs; chinrests; and bow frogs. Many plectrums, or guitar picks, are made from ebony.

Traditionally, black chess pieces were made from ebony, with boxwood or ivory being used for the white pieces. Modern East Midlands-style lace-making bobbins, also being small, are often made of ebony and look particularly decorative when bound with brass or silver wire. Some expensive handgun grips and rifle fore-end tips are still made of ebony, as are the butts of pool cues.

As a result of unsustainable harvesting, many species yielding ebony are now considered threatened. Most indigenous ebony in Africa in particular has been cut down illegally.

In Sri Lanka, ebony is a protected species and harvesting and sale of ebony is illegal and punishable by imprisonment.

In 2011, the Gibson Guitar company was raided by the US Fish and Wildlife Service for violations of the Lacey Act of 1900, which prohibits the illegal importation of threatened woods and other materials.

An ebony and rosewood expert at the Missouri Botanical Garden calls the Madagascar wood trade the "equivalent of Africa's blood diamonds".


Taisnières-sur-Hon

Taisnières-sur-Hon (, literally "Taisnières on Hon") is a commune in the Nord department in northern France. In 2019, 957 people lived there. 


She's a Mystery to Me

"She's a Mystery to Me" is a 1989 song by Roy Orbison and is the second single from his 22nd studio album "Mystery Girl". It was written by Bono and the Edge from U2. It went to number 5 in Ireland, number 17 in Australia, number 19 in the Netherlands, number 27 in the United Kingdom and number 30 in New Zealand. It did not chart in the United States.

Taisnières-en-Thiérache

Taisnières-en-Thiérache (, literally "Taisnières in Thiérache") is a commune in the Nord department in northern France. In 2019, 471 people lived there.


Dunsandel

Dunsandel is a small town in the South Island, New Zealand. It is in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is half-way between Christchurch and Ashburton. It has roads connecting to Hororata, Leeston and Southbridge. It has a primary school, eateries and small shops in the township on State Highway 1.

Tonga language (Zambia)

The Tonga language (or Chitonga) is a language spoken in Zambia and Zimbabwe, two countries in Southern Africa. 

In Zambia about three million (14%) people speak Chitonga. It is a Bantu language spoken in a large part of South Africa.

List of West Indies ODI cricketers

This list includes all players from the West Indies who have played at least one ODI match after debuting in 1973.

Notes:

Ōhope

Ōhope, until 1974 was known Ohope Beach is a beach settlement located near the town of Whakatāne in the eastern Bay of Plenty. It has a primary school and a Four Square supermarket located in the settlement.

HD 49674

HD 49674 (also known as Nervia) is a star similar to the Sun. It has an exoplanet known as HD 49674 b orbiting around it. It is located in the northern constellation of Auriga. It is 1.01 times the radius of the Sun. It has an apparent visual magnitude of 8.10 and this way is an eighth-magnitude star that is too faint to be visible readily to the naked eye. The system is located 140.6 light-years from the Sun, and it is moving further away with a radial velocity of +12 km/s.

Something Deep Inside

"Something Deep Inside" is a 2000 song by Billie Piper and is the second single from her second studio album "Walk of Life". It went to number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in Scotland, number 18 in New Zealand, number 20 in Australia, number 33 in Ireland and number 97 in Switzerland.

UK CD1 

UK CD2 

UK cassette single 

European CD single 

Australasian enhanced CD single 

1968–69 Austrian Cup

The 1968-69 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions. In the event of a draw, overtime + replay, in the event of a draw in the replay, overtime + drawing of lots. 

First round with teams from the first and second league.

Replaymatch:

bye: SC Tulln

Gerald Fuchsbichler – Walter Gebhardt, Walter Glechner, Erich Fak – Johann Eigenstiller, Ewald Ullmann – Toni Fritsch (46. Sven Lindmann), Jörn Bjerregaard, Leopold Grausam, Rudolf Flögel, Günter Kaltenbrunner<br> coach: Karl Decker
Wilhelm Kaipel – Helmut Wallner, Johann Schmidradner, Horst Blankenburg (65. Herbert Onger), Ernst Haider – Wolfgang Gayer, Norbert Hof – Alfred Hala, Anton Herzog, Johann Buzek, Johann Hörmayer <br>coach: Erich Hof

You Stole the Sun from My Heart

"You Stole the Sun from My Heart" is a 1999 song by Welsh rock band Manic Street Preachers and is the third single from their fifth studio album "This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours". It went to number 2 in Iceland, number 5 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 20 in Ireland, number 94 in the Netherlands and number 97 in Australia. The song was later namechecked in the 2007 song "Your Love Alone Is Not Enough".

All music was written by James Dean Bradfield and Sean Moore except where indicated. All lyrics were written by Nick Jones except where indicated.

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK cassette single

Muntingia

Muntingia is a genus of plants in the family Muntigiaceae. It has only one species, the Muntingia calabura. It was named in honor of Abraham Munting. It is native to the Neotropics, from Mexico south to Bolivia and Argentina. It fully grows into a fruit.

KGBeast

KGBeast is a fictional character in DC Comics. He is a Russian assassin and former KGB agent who has appeared as an enemy of Batman and other superheroes in the DC universe. KGBeast was created by Jim Starlin and Jim Aparo, and first appeared in Batman #417 in 1988. He is known for his highly skilled combat abilities and proficiency in various forms of weaponry, including firearms and explosives. KGBeast is also notable for his involvement in the "" storyline, where he was sent to kill 10 high-profile Americans by the Soviet government. He has also been a member of the Suicide Squad and the Secret Society of Super Villains.

You Got Lucky

"You Got Lucky" is a 1982 song by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and is the leading single from fifth studio album "Long After Dark". It went to number 20 in the United States and number 30 in Canada.

Part-Time Lover

"Part-Time Lover" is a 1985 song by Stevie Wonder and is the leading single from his 20th studio album "In Square Circle". It topped the single charts in Belgium, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, Portugal, Spain and the United States and made the top 20 in Australia, Austria, Finland, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It received a Grammy nomination in 1986.

Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands

Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands () is a 1976 Brazilian fantasy comedy movie directed by Bruno Barreto and is based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Jorge Amado. It stars José Wilker, Sônia Braga and Mauro Mendonça. It was remade as "Kiss Me Goodbye" in 1982 starring Sally Field, James Caan and Jeff Bridges.


Gauri Shankar Khadka

Gauri Shankar Khadka () is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). In April 2008, he won the Jhapa-2 seat in the Constituent Assembly election with 18580 votes.

Indianapolis Indians

The Indianapolis Indians are a Minor League Baseball team from Indianapolis, Indiana. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Indians are partnered with the Pittsburgh Pirates, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Pirates.

The team is named "Indians" because of the similarity between that name and the named of their state, Indiana. However, the team also uses Native American (or "Indian") themes in their logos.

The Indians have played at a stadium called Victory Field since 1996. Before this, they played at Owen J. Bush Stadium from 1931 to 1996 and at two stadiums called Washington Park from 1902 to 1931.


Bona Dea

Bona Dea was a goddess in ancient Roman Religion. She was the goddess of chastity and fertility. Her name means "The Good Goddess". Male writers did not know a lot about her. Her festivals were only attended by females.

Tarek Fatah

Tarek Fatah (Punjabi/Urdu: ; 20 November 1949 – 24 April 2023) was a Pakistani-Canadian journalist and author. Fatah advocated LGBT rights, a seperation of religion and state, opposition to sharia law, and advocacy for a liberal, progressive form of Islam. He called himself "an Indian born in Pakistan" and a Punjabi born into Islam" and was a vocal critic of The Pakistani religious and political establishment. To this end, Fatah had criticized the partition of India. Since 1987 Fatah left Pakistan and settled in Saudi Arabia, before emigrating to Canada.

Fatah died of cancer on April 24, 2023 at the age of 73.

Paula Winslowe

Paula Winslowe is an American voice actress. She voices Bambi's Mother from Bambi (1942) and Princess Esmeralda from A Knight for a Day (1946) on Disney and Jane Jetson from The Jetsons (1962-1989) on Hanna Barbera.

Kvaløya

Kvaløya is the name of many islands in Norway:


These small islands are mostly uninhabited:

Kvaløya, Finnmark

Kvaløya (Northern Sami: ) is a big island in Norway. It is in Finnmark county and has an area of . The island is in the Hammerfest Municipality, and the Hammerfest town is on the west side of the island. There are other villages on the island too, like Forsøl, Rypefjord, and Stallogargo. The island is connected to the mainland by a bridge, and most of the places are near the bridge. There is a ferry that goes to another island called Seiland. The highest mountain on the island is tall, and it's called Svartfjellet.

Black church

A Black Church is a Christian church whose congregation is mostly of African descent. There are many in the United States and increasingly in the United Kingdom. 

In the United States they include the African Methodist Episcopal Church and the Church of God in Christ. Many were started by freed black people. In the United Kingdom they have been mostly started by immigrants from West Africa. They often have distinct forms of worship from African spiritual traditions, such as call and response.

Samuel Crompton

Samuel Crompton (3 December 1753 – 26 June 1827) was an English inventor. Building on the work of James Hargreaves, who invented the Spinning jenny, and Richard Arkwright who invented the spinning frame he invented the spinning mule, a machine that changed the industry worldwide. He was born in Bolton and worked on spinning jennies when he was a boy. He got money by playing the violin at the Bolton theatre and used it to pay for materials. The first mule was made in 1779. It was used to make muslin. 

He did not have enough money to take out a patent so other people copied his invention without paying him.

Iriomote Island

Iriomote island is a part of the Okinawa prefecture in Japan. It is home to many different diverse types of life; such as the .

Sarah, Plain and Tall (movie)

Sarah, Plain and Tall is a 1991 American television family drama movie directed by Glenn Jordan and is based on the series of books by Patricia MacLachlan. It stars Glenn Close, Christopher Walken, Lexi Randall, Margaret Sophie Stein and James Rebhorn. It was distributed by Hallmark Hall of Fame.


A. J. P. Taylor

Alan John Percivale Taylor (25 March 1906 – 7 September 1990) was a British historian who specialised in 19th- and 20th-century European diplomacy. He was a journalist and a broadcaster. His television lectures made him famous. He was called "the Macaulay of our age".

He was born in Southport. His parents were pacifists. He was sent to Bootham School in York, a Quaker school. Then he went to Oriel College, Oxford. He and his parents were in the Communist Party in the 1920's. He left it because of the 1926 General Strike. He graduated from Oxford in 1927 with first-class honours. 

His first book, "The Italian Problem in European Diplomacy, 1847–49" was published in 1934. He was a lecturer in history in the University of Manchester from 1930 to 1938. From 1938 to 1976 he was a Fellow of Magdalen College, Oxford, and a lecturer at the University of Oxford until 1964. He was stopped from lecturing because of the controversy around his book "The Origins of the Second World War". He said the outbreak of war in 1939 was an unfortunate accident caused by mistakes on everyone's part and was not a part of Hitler's plan.

On 17 March 1942 Taylor made the first of seven appearances on "The World at War – Your Questions Answered" broadcast by BBC Forces' Radio. After the war Taylor became one of the first television historians. He had public arguments with the historian Hugh Trevor-Roper and with Malcolm Muggeridge. He was mentioned in an episode of "Monty Python's Flying Circus."

"The Course of German History" (1945) was a best-seller in both the United Kingdom and the United States. He said Nazi racial imperialism was the same as policies pursued by every German ruler.

His 1965 book "English History 1914–1945" was very popular. He liked to make his books funny. 

Zhangixalus hungfuensis

The Hongoshan whipping frog, Hungfu whipping frog or Hangfu tree frog ("Zhangixalus hungfuensis") is a frog. It lives in China. People have seen it between 900 and 3000 meters above sea level.

Puppet on a Chain (movie)

Puppet on a Chain is a 1970 British Dutch crime thriller movie directed by Geoffrey Reeve and Don Sharp. It was based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Alastair MacLean. It stars Sven-Bertil Taube, Barbara Perkins, Alexander Knox, Patrick Allen, Vladek Sheybal, Ania Marson, Stewart F. Lane, Drewe Henley, Henny Orri, Gerry Crampton and Arnold Diamond.

Crosby, Merseyside

Crosby is a coastal town in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton. It used to be in Lancashire. It is about 6 miles (9.6 km) north of Liverpool.

It grew because of the Liverpool, Crosby and Southport Railway which opened in 1848. 

At the 2001 UK census, Crosby had a population of 51,789. On Crosby beach is Antony Gormley's art installation "Another Place". 

Principality of Bulgaria

The Principality of Bulgaria existed between 1878 and 1908. It was created at the Congress of Berlin, from parts of the Ottoman Empire. It was a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire, and had to pay tribute. The capital was Sofia. The area that is now southern Bulgaria, became a province called Eastern Rumelia.In 1878, there were uprisings, which were brutally suppressed. In 1885, Eastern Rumelia merged to the Principality of Bulgaria, An uprising in Plovdiv started this. This merger was done against the will of Russia, and other European powers. In 1908, the Ottoman Empire ecognised the independence of the Principality, and it became a kingdom. Ferdinand I (who had ruiled the state before, became tsar, or king.

Rooting Android

Rooting Android means to gain privileged control over the operating system, allowing users to modify and customize their devices beyond what is typically allowed.

When a new Android device is purchased, it comes with certain restrictions placed by the manufacturer and carrier. These restrictions can prevent users from uninstalling pre-installed apps, customizing the look and feel of the device, and accessing certain features. Rooting Android is the process of removing these restrictions and gaining administrative access to the device's system files, allowing users to customize and control their devices to a greater extent. It is similar to iOS jailbreaking but doesn’t commonly have a package manager like Cydia and doesn’t often have tweaks.

There are several benefits to rooting such as:





There are several methods of rooting Android, and the specific method can depend on the device model, Android version, and other factors. Here are some common methods:




It is important to note that rooting can void the device's warranty, and improper rooting can potentially brick the device or cause other problems. It is also worth mentioning that some devices are more difficult to root than others. Users should always research their device before attempting to root it.

Rooting Android can be a powerful tool for users who want to customize and control their devices to a greater extent. However, it is important to understand the risks and potential consequences before attempting to root a device. If done correctly, rooting can unlock new possibilities and features for Android users.

Akiba's Trip: Undread &amp; Undressed

Akiba's Trip: Undead & Undressed (known as in Japan) is an action-adventure video game developed and published by Acquire. Released originally for PlayStation 3, & PlayStation Vita in 2013. One year later, "Akiba's Trip: Undead & Undressed" was ported to PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Windows. The "Director's Cut" was announced for Nintendo Switch, was released soon in summer 2023. It is sequel to "Akiba's Trip", and was released in 2011 for PlayStation Portable.

DocuSign

DocuSign is a software company that provides electronic signature technology and digital transaction management services. Their eSignature technology allows users to sign, send, and manage electronic documents securely and legally, eliminating the need for physical paperwork. 

DocuSign was founded in 2003 by Court Lorenzini, Tom Gonser, and Eric Ranft. In June 2010, DocuSign added support for iPhone, iPad and phone-based user authentication.

In July 2012, DocuSign raised $47.5 million in venture funding from investors including Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers.

In September 2022, DocuSign appointed Allan Thygesen as its new CEO.

DocuSign's digital transaction management services provide a platform for businesses to manage and track the entire lifecycle of a digital transaction. The company went public on the NASDAQ on April 27, 2018. They have also acquired other companies, such as SpringCM and Seal Software.

Cybra

CYBRA Corporation is a software company that provides barcode, RFID, and RTLS systems for businesses. Their flagship product is called MarkMagic and they also offer Edgefinity IoT RFID software. 

It was founded in 1985 and is based in Yonkers, New York. In 1990, CYBRA released a barcode labeling product called MarkMagic. CYBRA became an IBM Business Partner in June 1988. CYBRA became a public company in December 2006. Along with Key West Technologies LLC, in 2009 CYBRA formed a joint venture with the Waterborne Transportation Institute (WTI) of the Ministry of Transport of the People's Republic of China to create tracking software to improve the handling of maritime shipping containers.

In 2016, CYBRA released Edgefinity IoT RFID software. The software provides applications for asset tracking, lone worker safety monitoring, work in process deployment, and supply chain management. The latest version of MarkMagic is MarkMagic X, which was released in 2020. Their main office is where The Otis Elevator Company developed the first modern safety elevator. CYBRA's company headquarters are in Yonkers, New York.

Loom, Inc.

Loom is a technology company that provides video communication software for work. Its features include screen and camera recording, video editing, transcription, and the ability to share the recorded video link with others. The company is headquartered in San Francisco and has an office in New York. 

It was founded in 2015 by Vinay Hiremath, Shahed Khan, and Joe Thomas. Loom has raised $368 million in funding from investors such as Sequoia, Andreessen Horowitz, and Kleiner Perkins. It has over 14 million users and 200,000 businesses across 230 countries worldwide.

Klonoa (character)

Klonoa is the fictional character in the "Klonoa" series. Where his first debuts on "", released on PlayStation in 1997 by Namco.

Klonoa

Klonoa known in Japan as is a platform video game series that began in 1997, titled "". Player can play as Klonoa during gameplay, sets in diffrent worlds, ones are Phantomile and Lunatea it revolves aroun Klonoa, and how he, "The Dream Traveller", must save the world from Peril. Along the way he makes new friends and enemies of them becoming recurring characters. The game is an early of example of a side-scrolling 3D game environment. He can use a ring and "Wind Bullets" during gameplay to defeat the enemies. The player can solves the puzzle, while the adventures must solves together to clear the game.

Vieux-Berquin

Vieux-Berquin (; ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France. In 2019, 2,512 people lived there.


Did It Again (Kylie Minogue song)

"Did It Again" is a 1997 song by Kylie Minogue and taken from her sixth studio album "Impossible Princess". It went to number 9 in Scotland, number 14 in the United Kingdom and number 15 in Australia. It did not chart in Ireland and New Zealand.

Australian and UK CD1
Australian and UK CD2

Australian and UK cassette single

Australian VHS single

Louis the Child

Louis the Child (893 – 20/24 September 911), sometimes called Louis III or Louis IV, was the king of East Francia from 899 until his death. He was also recognized as king of Lotharingia after 900. He was the last East Frankish ruler of the Carolingian dynasty. He succeeded his father, Arnulf, in East Francia and his elder illegitimate half-brother Zwentibold in Lotharingia. Louis became king when he was six and reigned until his death aged 17 or 18. During his reign the country was ravaged by Magyar raids.

He was born in September or October 893 in Altötting, Duchy of Bavaria, to king Arnulf of Carinthia and his wife, Ota. He had at least two brothers: his elder, illegitimate brother Zwentibold, who ruled Lotharingia, and another brother named Ratold, who briefly ruled the Kingdom of Italy.

Louis was crowned in Forchheim on 4 February 900. Due to his young age and weak personal constitution, the government was entirely in the hands of others - the nobles and bishops. The most influential of Louis's councillors were Hatto I and Solomon III, the bishop of Constance.

Louis succeeded his elder illegitimate half-brother Zwentibold in Lotharingia after 900 and maintained a separate chancery for both regions. He appointed an East Frankish duke, Gebhard to rule Lotharingia, which annoyed the Lotharingian nobility. The Lotharingian nobility did not participate in East Frankish assemblies.

During his reign, the Magyar army devastated Bavaria, the Duchy of Carinthia, and twice ravaged the Duchy of Saxony. In 904, Louis invited Kurszán, the kende of the Magyars, to negotiations. Het killed him and his delegation. In 907, the Magyars inflicted a heavy defeat on the Bavarians in the Battle of Pressburg, killing the Margrave Luitpold and many high nobles.

Louis the Child died at Frankfurt am Main on 20 or 24 September 911, aged seventeen or eighteen. He was buried in the monastery of Saint Emmeram's in Regensburg, where his father Arnulf also lay. His death brought an end to the eastern branch of the Carolingian dynasty. The dukes of East Francia elected Conrad of Franconia, son of Gebhard, as the king, while the nobles of Lotharingia elected the Carolingian Charles the Simple as their king.

Anything but Down

"Anything but Down" is a 1999 song by Sheryl Crow and is the third single from her third studio album "The Globe Sessions". It went to number 11 in Canada, number 17 in Scotland, number 19 in the United Kingdom and number 49 in the United States.

US 7-inch single

UK CD1

UK CD2

The Globe Sessions

The Globe Sessions is the third studio album by Sheryl Crow and was released on 21 September, 1998 through A&M Records. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 3 in Scotland and Canada, number 4 in Germany, number 5 in Switzerland and the United States, number 9 in Sweden, number 10 in Belgium and Norway, number 16 in New Zealand, number 18 in France, number 19 in Austria and number 52 in Australia. It won 2 Grammy Awards in 1999.

On earlier versions of the album the track "Crash and Burn" contains the hidden track "Subway Ride", running 11:19, while omitting "Sweet Child o' Mine". Another version eliminates both "Subway Ride" and "Sweet Child o' Mine". The version of "Sweet Child o' Mine" included is the 'Rick Rubin New Mix', originally featured on the "Big Daddy" soundtrack and later included on "Hits & Rarities", and also called the 'Pop Version' on the CD single. It differs from the 'Rock Version' used in the single music video. The European version features "Resuscitation" (Crow, Trott) as the twelfth track; the Japanese version contains the bonus tracks "Carolina" and "Resuscitation" (Crow, Trott). The Australian tour edition of the album (released in 1999) contains "Resuscitation", "Sweet Child o' Mine", and a bonus CD containing six songs recorded live at the Church of the Holy Trinity in Toronto, Canada on November 13, 1998:

Arrondissement of Amiens

The arrondissement of Amiens is an arrondissement of France. It is in the Somme department in the Hauts-de-France region. It has 13 cantons and 291 communes.

Own goal

An own goal, also called a self goal, is where a player does something where they or their team scores a goal on themselves. This gives points for the opposing team. Most often when a football player kicks a ball into their own net or goal. It can also happen in hockey, basketball and hurling. 

It is also used as a metaphor when someone tries something which goes wrong and benefits the opposition. 

Arrondissement of Montdidier

The arrondissement of Montdidier is an arrondissement of France. It is in the Somme department in the Hauts-de-France region. It has 3 cantons and 109 communes.

Gwinnett Stripers

The Gwinnett Stripers are a Minor League Baseball team from Gwinnett County, Georgia, near Lawrenceville, in suburban Atlanta. They play baseball at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball, against other baseball teams in the International League (a group of 20 baseball teams at the same level). The Stripers are partnered with the Atlanta Braves, a Major League Baseball team. When a player shows that he plays well at this level, he may be moved up to play for the Braves.

The team is named "Stripers" for the striped bass, because fishing is popular in the region. They used to be called the Gwinnett Braves after their MLB partner from 2009 to 2017. They changed their name to Stripers in 2018.

The Stripers play at a stadium called Coolray Field, which opened in 2009.


National Song to the King's Well-being

National Song to the King's Well-being (Polish: "Pieśń narodowa za pomyślność Króla") or God thou Hast Poland ("Boże, coś Polskę") was an anthem of Poland during its personal union with Russia.

Original lyrics of the song were presented on first page of "Gazeta Warszawska" on 20 July 1816. Anthem was written in praise of Tsar Alexander I, who also was the King of Poland, with the influence of ""God Save the King"". The author is Alojzy Feliński, secretary and adjutant of Tadeusz Kościuszko. The composer is Jan Nepomucen Kaszewski from 4th regiment of infantry. The first performing of the anthem took place on August 3, 1816 in Warsaw, after that the song became a national anthem of the Kingdom of Poland.

HD 218619

HD 218619 is a giant star located in the constellation Sculptor at 685.22 light years away. It has a spectral type of K2III which gives it the orange-red colour. It has a apparent and absolute magnitude of 5.88 and -0.73 and so the star is visible to the naked eye. It has a radial velocity of -13.80000 km/s.

Arthur Piantadosi

Arthur Piantadosi (November 4, 1916 – February 23, 1994) was an American sound engineer.

Les Fresholtz

Les Fresholtz (December 21, 1931 – March 2021) was an American sound engineer.

Alex Chalk

Alexander John Gervase Chalk, (born 8 August 1976) is a British politician. He is the Secretary of State for Justice and Lord Chancellor since 21 April 2023. He was elected Member of Parliament for Cheltenham in 2015.

Rat Terrier

Rat Terriers are a terrier breed. They are small dogs. They can be trained. Plus Rat Terriers are cute. 

Rat Terriers are usually black and white with little bits of brown or tan.

Chandel

Chandel or Chandela were the tribe of Gond origin that for some centuries ruled Bundelkhand in north-central India and fought against the early Muslim invaders. they were feudatories of the Pratiharas.
According to S. N. Sen, the Chandels were originally Hinduised Bhars or Gonds or both, who became Kshatriyas on attaining political power. The Gaharwars similarly are associated with the Bhars; the Bundelas and the northern Rathors are offshoots of the Garhawars. The Dharmashastras recognise the possibility of lower castes being elevated to higher castes.

The British indologist V. A. Smith also believed that the Chandelas were in origin a non-Aryan tribe, associated with the original Gonds and Bhars.

Drag Den

Drag Den is a Philippine reality competition television series. The series documents drag queen Manila Luzon in search of the next "Filipino Drag Supreme". The series is produced by Cornerstone Studios and Project 8 Projects. The series premiered on 8 December 2022, through Amazon Prime Video internationally.

Eight drag queens competed for the title as the "Filipino's First Drag Supreme". The first season premiered on 8 December 2022, and it concluded on 19 January 2023. Naia won the first season, with Shewarma and Maria Cristina as the runners-up.

Manila Luzon and Rod Singh announced a casting call for season two on social media. The casting call was open until 30 April 2023.


History of medicine

The history of medicine is the study of the evolution of medical treatments, practices, and knowledge over time.

Not much is known about medicine in prehistoric times when there were no written records, but it is clear that it was very different in different places. Archaeology has shown that some Neanderthals had healing practices with plants. There is also some evidence of dentistry. 

Under the Babylonians there is written evidence of diagnosis, prognosis, physical examination, and remedies in the 11th century BCE. There are many medical clay tablets from Mesopotamia. They show measures to prevent the spread of disease, accounts of stroke, and an awareness of mental illnesses. We have many medical documents from Ancient Egypt. Some are in magical terms but some show understanding of anatomy. According to Herodotus, "the practice of medicine is so specialized among them that each physician is a healer of one disease and no more."

There is evidence of traditional Chinese medicine from the Zhou Dynasty, and of Ayurveda in India from the same time. Ancient Greek medicine seems to have developed slightly later. Hippocrates and his followers were first to describe many diseases and medical conditions. Galen's theory of humors came from ancient medical works and it was a powerful influence on Western medicine until the 19th century. There were thought to be four humors, or bodily fluids that are linked to illness: blood, phlegm, yellow bile, and black bile. Herophilos at the medical school of Alexandria developed the study of human anatomy by dissection. With Erasistratus he mapped out the course of the veins and nerves across the human body and studied the brain. Ancient Romans invented many surgical instruments, such as forceps, scalpels, cautery, cross-bladed scissors, the surgical needle, the sond, and speculas.

Constantinople stood out as a center of medicine during the Middle Ages. Islamic medicine grew at the same time, as Greek medical works were translated into Arabic. The Persian polymath Avicenna has been called the "father of medicine". The first Islamic Hospital opened in 805 CE by the Abbasid caliph Harun al-Rashid in Baghdad. Muslim hospitals developed into centres of teaching and research from the 16th century. They had separate wards for male and female patients, pharmacies, medical record-keeping, sanitation and hygiene. Their ideas spread into Europe. After 400 CE, the study and practice of medicine in the Western Roman Empire had gone into deep decline. There were thousands of monastic hospitals in Europe, but the care was poor and mainly palliative.

In the 12th century, universities were founded in Italy, France, and England, which soon developed schools of medicine. Training of physicians began at the University of Bologna in 1219. It was largely lectures and readings of Hippocrates, Galen, Avicenna, and Aristotle. Such care as most people got in Europe was delivered by people who had no training. 

The Renaissance saw an increase in experimental investigation, particularly in the field of dissection and body examination. In 1628 the English physician William Harvey made a ground-breaking discovery when he correctly described the circulation of the blood. Bacteria and protists were first observed with a microscope by Antonie van Leeuwenhoek in 1676.

There was little advance in controlling infections. Most people believed that infections were caused by foul odors called miasmas. Many women died of postpartum infections in hospitals because doctors did not wash their hands. In 1847 in Vienna, Ignaz Semmelweis dramatically reduced the death rate of new mothers by making doctors clean their hands, but his work was rejected for many years. Louis Pasteur and Robert Koch developed germ theory in the 1860s and applied it to the epidemics of cholera. Pasteur went on to develop vaccinations.

SPT-CL J0546-5345

SPT-CL J0546-5345

is a very massive galaxy cluster, it is one of the most massive galaxy clusters ever found in the early universe. The cluster is thought to be located 7 billion light years away. It was discovered at the South Pole Telescope in 2008 by the Sunyaev-Zel'dovich-Effect. The cluster has a redshift of z = 1.067. Follow-up studies using the Spitzer, Chandra, and optical telescopes allowed to identify cluster members and to measure the redshift. Using the velocity dispersion, the mass of the cluster has been estimated to 10 solar masses.

Bionic Tower

The Bionic Tower was a visionary vertical city, a very large building designed for human home by Spanish architects Eloy Celaya, María Rosa Cervera and Javier Gómez. It would have a main tower high, with 300 stories housing about 100,000 people. The point of the Bionic Tower is to use bionics to solve the world's rising population problems in an eco-friendly way, a very incredibly hard feat to complete.

The Bionic Tower would be exactly 400 meters taller than the now tallest building, Burj Khalifa.

The Bionic Tower is composed of two complexes put together. The first complex, Bionic Tower, is made up of twelve vertical neighborhoods, each eighty meters high. The neighborhoods are separated by safety areas to make for easier construction and evacuation in case of an emergency. Each neighborhood has two groups of buildings, one on the interior of the building and one on the exterior. Both groups of buildings are located around large gardens and pools. The second complex, also called the Base Island, is 1,000 meters in diameter, and is made up of many buildings, gardens, pools, and communication equipment. Predicted uses of these complexes include hotels, offices, residential, commerce, cultural, sports and relaxation.

In 1997, work on the early model Bionic Vertical Space started. This was created by the architects Eloy Celaya, María Rosa Cervera and Javier Gómez through the beginning of 2001. However, Eloy Celaya, who studied at Columbia University, is creating an another project almost the same to the Bionic Tower project.

While in office, then-Shanghai mayor Xu Kuangdi expressed an interest in the idea for his city. Hong Kong also reportedly expressed interest in the project.

Hindis

The Hindis or in Turkish Hindliler, was called Dervish from Hindustan (Indian subcontinent) who came between 1695 – 1808, and established Sufism lodges in the Ottoman Empire especially in Istanbul, but also in other big cities.

Zhangixalus feae

The Thao whipping frog, brown-folded tree frog, Fea's treefrog, Fea's gliding tree frog or Fea's large tree frog ("Zhangixalus feae") is a frog. It lives in Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, Bangladesh, India and China.

Zhangixalus melanoleucus

The Phou Samsoum tree frog ("Zhangixalus melanoleucus") is a frog. It lives in Laos in Xiengkhouang Province. People have only seen it in one place: Phou Samsoum Mountain. Scientists think it might also live in other mountainous parts of Laos and Vietnam.

Asena

Asena is the name of a she-wolf associated with the myth of the origin of Göktürks, mentioned in "Wolf Tales" recorded by Chinese chroniclers. The legend of Asena tells of a boy who survived the battle; the she-wolf Asena finds the injured child and nurses it, flees her enemies by crossing the West Sea to a cave near the Kocho Mountains and the town of Toharach. Of these, Jizhi Nishidu became their leader and established the Ashina clan, which ruled Göktürk and other Turkic nomadic kingdoms.



Oakley Kwon (actress)

Oakley Kwon is an Australian actress of Vietnamese and Chinese descent. She stars in the SBS series "Hungry Ghosts".

After commencing her acting career in 2017, Kwon has appeared in several Australian productions, including "Homecoming Queens", "Harrow", "Neighbours" and "Danger Close: Battle of Long Tan". Oakley’s portrayal of Diane Tran in "Hungry Ghosts" is her first major supporting role in a television miniseries.

Kwon was nominated for, and won an award in the Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Mini-Series/Telemovie category at the 11 Annual Equity Ensemble Awards, for her role in "Hungry Ghosts". The awards were judged by the MEAA Equity National Performers’ Committee. 

She Won "Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Mini-Series/Telemovie" or Television Category at the 11th Annual Equity Ensemble Awards. 

Oakley Kwon fled Vietnam at the age of two with her parents by boat. Along the way, the boat engine stopped working.

South Slavs

The South Slavs are the Slavic peoples living in south-eastern Europe in the Balkans region. Since the 10th century, they have lived separated from the West and East Slavs by Germans, Magyars and Romanians. The South Slavs are also called "Balkan Slavs".

Rowing (sport)

Rowing is the sport of racing boats using oars. It differs from paddling sports because the oars are attached to the boat using oarlocks. Paddles are not connected to the boat. Rowing is divided into sculling and sweep rowing. In sculling, each rower has two oars—one in each hand. In sweep rowing each rower holds one oar with both hands. There are several boat classes for competitions. Single sculls are just one person in a small boat. Shells with eight rowers and a coxswain are called eights. There are many types of racing, but most high level racing is on calm water courses 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) long with several lanes marked using buoys.

The first rowing races were on the River Thames in London, in the early 17th century. In the 18th century British public schools set up boat clubs. Later clubs were started at universities in England and America and public rowing clubs started. 

Rowing is one of the oldest Olympic sports. It was on the programme for the 1896 games but the race did not happen because of bad weather. Since then Male rowers have competed in all the Olympics. Women's rowing was added to the Olympic programme in 1976. Today, there are fourteen boat classes which race at the Olympics. 150 countries now have rowing federations. The World Rowing Federation, holds annual World Rowing Championships with twenty-two boat classes.

Labour law

Labour laws (also known as labor laws or employment laws) govern the relationship between workers, employers, trade unions, and the government. 

Individual labour law gives employees' rights at work. Employment standards are social norms (sometimes also technical standards) for the minimum conditions under which people are allowed to work. Government agencies enforce labour law. Trade unions also play an important role in labour law, as they represent workers and negotiate with employers on their behalf.

There were laws in Assyria about work. The Code of Hammurabi set the wages to be paid to an ox driver or a surgeon.

Labour laws developed more as factories were built in the Industrial Revolution. Laws were passed in the United Kingdom in the nineteenth century to stop young children from working in factories. The Earl of Shaftesbury led the campaign for the Factories Act 1833, which limited the employment of children under eighteen years of age, stopped all night work, and provided for inspectors to enforce the law. Later there were more laws about working conditions for all workers. Similar laws were brought into other industrial countries. 

The basic feature of labour law in almost every country is that the rights and obligations of the worker and the employer are set by a contract of employment between the two. In most countries, employers must give their workers a written contract. There may be a minimum wage. There may be rules about how many hours a day people can work, about their rights to holidays and to sick pay. There are often rules about safety at work. There may be laws about treating people fairly and not discriminating. 

Gaza

Gaza may refer to:


May 1968 events in France

In May 1968, a period of civil unrest happened in France. There were similar movements around the same time across the world. They inspired a generation of protest art in the form of songs, imaginative graffiti, posters, and slogans.

On 22 March, far-left groups, a small number of well-known poets and musicians, and 150 students occupied a building at the University of Paris at Nanterre. They held a meeting in the university council room about class discrimination in French society and the political bureaucracy that controlled the university's funding. The university called the police, and the students left. There were more conflicts between students and authorities at Nanterre, and the university was shut down on 2 May 1968. Students at the Sorbonne campus of the University of Paris met on 3 May to protest the closure and the threats to expel several students at Nanterre.

On Monday, 6 May, the national student union, the Union nationale des étudiants de France, as well as the union of university teachers, marched to protest against the police invasion of the Sorbonne. More than 20,000 students, teachers, and supporters marched towards the Sorbonne, which was still sealed off by the police, which charged and hit people with their batons. Most of the crowd left, but some began to make barricades out of whatever was at hand. Some people threw stones and forced the police to retreat. The police then used tear gas and charged the crowd again. Hundreds of students were arrested.

The next day, secondary school student unions went to the Arc de Triomphe to demand all criminal charges against arrested students to be dropped, the police should leave the university, and the Nanterre and Sorbonne universities should be reopened.

On Friday, 10 May, another huge crowd gathered on the city's Left Bank. When the Compagnies Républicaines de Sécurité blocked them from crossing the river, the crowd again made barricades, which the police attacked at 2:15 a.m. after negotiations had stopped. Hundreds of people were arrested and injured. They were seen on television the next day. 

The government had acted in a way that made people support the strikers. Many French singers and poets joined after the police brutality had come to light. American artists also began to support the strikers. The large union federations, the Confédération générale du travail and the Force ouvrière, called for a one-day general strike and demonstration for Monday, 13 May. More than a million people marched through Paris that day. The police stayed out of sight. Prime Minister Georges Pompidou personally announced the release of the prisoners and the reopening of the Sorbonne, but the protests did not stop.

Students occupied the Sorbonne, declared it an independent "people's university," and went on national television. Many people thought them foolish, but 401 popular action committees were set up in Paris and other parts of France to complain about the government and French society. The demonstrations spread to factories. The unions tried to get people interested in pay rises, but the workers wanted a new government and to get rid of President Charles de Gaulle. Some tried to run their factories themselves. The unions got agreements, which would increase the minimum wage by 35% and all salaries by 10%, more protection for workers and a shorter working day. However, the workers were not satisfied. 

On the morning of 29 May, de Gaulle postponed the meeting of the Council of Ministers that was due that day and secretly removed his personal papers from Élysée Palace. He told his son-in-law, Alain de Boissieu, "I do not want to give them a chance to attack the Élysée. It would be regrettable if blood were shed in my personal defense. I have decided to leave: nobody attacks an empty palace." De Gaulle refused Pompidou's request to dissolve the National Assembly, as he believed that their party, the Gaullists, would lose if there was an election. At 11:00 a.m., he told Pompidou, "I am the past; you are the future; I embrace you." He left by helicopter but did not say where he was going. For more than six hours, nobody in France knew where he was.

He had gone to the headquarters of the French Forces in Germany, in Baden-Baden, to meet General Jacques Massu. In the evening, de Gaulle went to his country home in Colombey-les-Deux-Églises.

On 30 May, 400,000 to 500,000 protesters, many more than the 50,000 the police were expecting, were led by the Confédération générale du travail. They marched through Paris and chanted, ""Adieu, de Gaulle!"" ("Farewell, de Gaulle!"). Maurice Grimaud, the head of the Paris police, played a key role in avoiding revolution by both speaking to and spying on the revolutionaries and by carefully avoiding the use of force. People thought that the Communists were going to seize power in Paris, and Pompidou prepared the army.

At 2:30 p.m. on 30 May, Pompidou persuaded de Gaulle to dissolve the National Assembly and call a new election by threatening to resign. At 4:30 pm, de Gaulle broadcast his own refusal to resign. He announced an election would be held on 23 June, ordered workers to return to work, and threatened to institute a state of emergency if they did not. The government had leaked to the media that the army was outside Paris. Immediately after the speech, about 800,000 supporters marched through the Champs-Élysées waving the national flag. The Gaullists had planned the rally for several days, and it attracted a crowd of mixed ages, occupations, and politics. The Communists agreed to the election, and the threat of revolution was over.

Workers gradually returned to work or were taken from their factories by the police. The national student union called off street demonstrations. The government banned a number of leftist organizations. The police retook the Sorbonne on 16 June. De Gaulle's fears were wrong since his party won the greatest victory in French parliamentary history in the election held in June by taking 353 of the 486 seats. The Communists got only 34 and the Socialists 57.

May 1968 was an important moment in French politics. It represented for some the possibility of liberation and for others the dangers of anarchy. Someone who took part in or supported the period of unrest is referred to as "soixante-huitard" (literally a "Sixty-Eighter") .

"Sous les pavés, la plage!" ("Under the paving stones, the beach!"), is a slogan coined by student activist Bernard Cousin. When the students lifted the pavement to make barricades, they found sand under it.


Burning Love

"Burning Love" is a 1972 song by Elvis Presley and was released as a single with the B-side "It's a Matter of Time". It went to the top 10 in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States. It has been used in various television programmes and movies since the 1980s.

Stop Your Sobbing

"Stop Your Sobbing" is a 1964 song by The Kinks and taken from their debut studio album "Kinks".

In 1979, British band The Pretenders covered "Stop Your Sobbing" as their debut single from their debut studio album "Pretenders". It went to number 34 in the United Kingdom and number 65 in the United States.

Underground (David Bowie song)

"Underground" is a 1986 song by David Bowie and taken from the 1986 movie "Labyrinth". It went to number 6 in New Zealand and the Netherlands, number 7 in Finland, number 10 in Belgium, number 11 in Spain, number 14 in Switzerland, number 19 in Sweden, number 20 in Germany, number 21 in the United Kingdom, number 26 in Australia and number 73 in Canada.

All tracks by Bowie

All other Instrumental versions are slightly longer, backing-tracks only except on the back of the promo 12-inch single.






Books

Making Love Out of Nothing at All

"Making Love Out of Nothing at All" is a 1983 power ballad by English-Australian band Air Supply and was taken from their 1983 album "Greatest Hits". It went to number 2 in the United States, number 3 in Canada, number 5 in South Africa, number 30 in Ireland, number 45 in Australia and number 80 in the United Kingdom.

In 1995, Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler released a cover version of the single and was taken from her 11th studio album "Free Spirit".

Over the Brooklyn Bridge

Over the Brooklyn Bridge is a 1984 American romantic comedy movie directed by Menahem Golan. It stars Elliott Gould, Margaux Hemingway, Sid Caesar, Burt Young, Shelley Winters, Carol Kane, Robert Gossett and Sarah Michelle Gellar. It was distributed by MGM.


‏‎
Cobra (1925 movie)

Cobra is a 1925 American drama movie directed by Joseph Henabery and was based on the 1924 play of the same name by Martin Brown. It stars Rudolph Valentino, Nita Naldi, Casson Ferguson, Gertrude Olmstead, Eileen Percy, Claire De Lorez, Harry Barrows, Lillian Langdon and Hector V. Sarno. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Stress–strain curve

A stress-strain curve is a graph that is used to describe the relationship between stress and strain of a specific material; with stress being captured on the y-axis and the strain on the x-axis. Stress is the amount of force needed to change the material's shape: in this case, to make it longer. Strain is a measurement of how much the shape changes.

This graph is usually made by testing a material with a tensile test. The test consists of a force, of varying amount, is used to pull the sample apart at a constant rate until it breaks. This graph is used to show important characteristics of a material such as the yield strength, ultimate strength, fracture point, strain hardening, necking and Young's modulus.


Inherent vowel

An inherent vowel is a vowel that must be spoken, even if it is not written down. Inherent vowels exist in abugidas, or alphabets centered around consonants. Most words in abugidas have consonants and vowels written in them, but even if a word if written without any vowels, a vowel must still be spoken.

For example, the word for "ant" in Thai มด would be written as "md" in the Roman alphabet, but it must be said as "mót", with "ó" being the inherent, unwritten vowel in the word.

An example of a word in Thai with two or more syllables an an inherent vowel is สวัสดี, which would be written as "swàtdee" without spaces and "s-wàt-dee" with spaces, but it must be pronounced as "sà-wàt-dee" because even though the first syllable is only written as "s", in must be spoken as "sà" because consonants may not be spoken without any vowels. 

The names of Thai letters show how inherent vowels are used. In Thai, each letter's name has at least two syllables, with the first being the consonant with the inherent vowel and the second syllable being the word where the consonant is used. The letter ก is named ก ไก่, or "gaw gài." The letter itself, the first syllable, is always pronounced with -"aw" after the consonant.

Writing systems with inherent vowels often use a special marking to silence the inherent vowel so that only a consonant is spoken, such as the "virama" found in many South Asian scripts. Other systems rely on the reader's knowledge of the language to know the difference between a consonant with the inherent vowel from a pure consonant (Hindi, Old Persian cuneiform) or to know a particular vowel-marked form from a pure consonant (Ge'ez and related scripts).

For example, the Hindi word कष is pronounced "kaṣa", but क्‌ष is pronounced "kṣa", because the virama symbol ् silences the inherent vowel in क "ka."

Southbridge, New Zealand

Southbridge is a small town in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is situated 45 kilometers south-east of Christchurch, between Dunsandel, Leeston and the Rakaia River. It has a primary school and had a high school until 1980 when it was shifted to Leeston. It is the home of All Blacks legend Dan Carter.

Dairy Flat

Dairy Flat is a suburb of Auckland, 28 kilometers north of the city centre and 8 kilometers south of Orewa. Until the early 1990s most the district produced the most dairy farms 40 to 60 hectares (100 to 150 acres). The growth of Auckland city saw the Northern Motorway on State Highway 1 reduced to grazing sheep, horses, beef cattle or deer. It has a small village shopping centre and primary school that was established in 1878.

Veronica Guerin (movie)

Veronica Guerin is a 2003 British Irish American biographical crime movie directed by Joel Schumacher and starring Cate Blanchett, Gerard McSorley, Ciarán Hinds, Brenda Fricker, Alan Devine, and Don Wycherley. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.


Run to the Hills

"Run to the Hills" is a 1982 song by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden and is the leading single from their third studio album "The Number of the Beast". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Finland, number 6 in Italy, number 11 in Canada, number 15 in Norway, number 16 in Ireland, number 27 in Australia and number 73 in France.



1969–70 Austrian Cup

The 1969-70 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions. In the event of a draw, overtime + replay, in the event of a draw in the replay, overtime + drawing of lots. 

First round with teams from the first and second league.

Replay match: 

Replay match:

Herbert Rettensteiner – Werner Kriess, Roland Eschelmüller, Hans Eigenstiller, Heinz Binder, Peter Werner, Jozef Obert, Kurt Jara, Johann Ettmayer, Franz Wolny, Helmut Senekowitsch<br> coach: Branko Elsner

Wilhelm Harreither (46. Helmut Saurer) – Gerhard Sturmberger, Manfred Leitner, Karl Kiesenebner, Franz Viehböck, Heinz Strebele, Michal Medviď, Erhard Wieger, Peter Schmidt, Kurt Leitner (20. Willibald Bauer), Carlos Lima <br>coach: Vojtěch Skyva

If You Tolerate This Your Children Will Be Next

"If You Tolerate This Your Children Will Be Next" is a 1998 song by Welsh band Manic Street Preachers and is the leading single from their fifth studio album "This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours". It went number 1 in Iceland and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Ireland and Scotland, number 19 in Norway, number 21 in Sweden, number 44 in New Zealand, number 49 in Australia, number 62 in the Netherlands and number 79 in Germany.

All music was written by James Dean Bradfield and Sean Moore except where indicated. All lyrics were written by Nick Jones except where indicated.

Hororata

Hororata is a village in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is situated 5 kilometers east of Glentunnel, 15 kilometers southwest of Darfield, 50 kilometers west of Christchurch and is on the banks of the Hororata River. It has a primary school which opened in 1870 and amalgamated with Te Pirita in 1963. In 2010 an earthquake struck the surrounding region and in May 2021 the golf course located in Glentunnel became unrecognisable following the flooding hit the Canterbury area. It is the home of the Hororata Highland Games since 2011.

Something Got Me Started

"Something Got Me Started" is a 1991 song by British band Simply Red and is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Stars". It went to the top 20 in Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.






Grand Duchy of Flandrensis

The Grand Duchy of Flandrensis (Dutch: ) is a micronation which has some claims of territories in Antarctica. It was created in 2008 by the Belgian Niels Vermeersch.

Its was founded on September 4, 2008 as a temporary hobby for two weeks. The micronation is inspired by the medieval County of Flanders (Pagus Flandrensis). Flandrensis was regarded by the founder first as a hobby-micronation, and later as an ecological venture, to raise awareness of ice melting and climate change.<ref>

Emirates Lunar Mission

The Emirates Lunar Mission was the first mission to the Moon by The United Arab Emirates. The mission by Mohammed bin Rashid Space Centre sent a lunar rover named Rashid to the Moon aboard ispace's Hakuto-R Mission 1 lunar lander.

Hakuto-R Mission 1

Hakuto-R Mission 1 was the first mission of the Hakuto-R Programme. It was ran by Japanese Space Corporation ispace to land a Lunar Lander on the Moon. 

Hakuto-R Mission 1 Launched on a Falcon 9 Rocket on December 11, 2022.
It launched alongside NASA's Lunar Flashlight CubeSat. 

The Hakuto-R Mission 1 crash landed on the Lunar Surface on April 25, 2023.

Tees Transporter Bridge

The Tees Transporter Bridge also called the Middlesborough Transporter Bridge is a bridge on the crossing points of River Tees borders between Port Clarence in County Durham and Middlehaven in North Yorkshire, North East England.

Anophthalmus hitleri

Anophthalmus hitleri is a small brown beetle that lives in caves in Slovenia. The bug is eyeless, and likely a predator. In 1937, it was named after Adolf Hitler. For this reason, it is sometimes called the Hitler Bug.

The beetle only occurs in a few cav systems in Slovenia. Oskar Scheibel bought a beetle in 1933. He saw that it was unknown at the time, and described it.

Cue (clothing)

Cue is a store that sells modern fashion clothing. It was first opened in 1968 in Sydney, Australia. Cue designs are created by its own team in Surry Hills, Sydney, and the clothes are mostly made in Australia. Cue also works with fabric mills in Europe to create unique fabrics and prints.

Cue has stores in many cities across Australia and New Zealand, and also has a store in the exclusive department store Myer.

Cue has won many awards, such as the Prix de Marie Claire Awards, Grazia Fashion Awards, and Myer Supplier of the Year Awards. They have also won awards for their customer experience and in-store initiatives.

Oxford Industries

Oxford Industries, Inc. is a clothing company in the United States that sells expensive clothes. They have many well-known brands, like Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer.

The company was started in 1942 when three people bought a clothing company that made uniforms for the military. In the 1960s, Oxford Industries became a part of the New York Stock Exchange. The first chairman and CEO was Sartain Lanier, who retired in 1981. His son, J. Hicks Lanier, became the new chairman and CEO.

Now, Oxford Industries makes more than $1 billion in sales and has over 4,700 employees. They have offices in different parts of the world, including New York City, Seattle, and Hong Kong. 

Tommy Bahama

Tommy Bahama Group Inc. is an American company that makes casual clothes for men and women. They also make things like denim, swimwear, accessories, footwear, and furniture for homes. Their parent company is called Oxford Industries. Tommy Bahama products are available at various department stores, such as Macy's, Dillard's, Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue, Nordstrom, Lord & Taylor, Belk, and Von Maur, as well as at resort locations worldwide. The company owns and operates over 160 retail stores globally, 14 of which have a Tommy Bahama restaurant and bar.

Tommy Bahama was founded in 1993 by Tony Margolis, Bob Emfield, and their wives, who imagined a beachy lifestyle where comfortable, upscale clothing was a must. They envisioned printed silk shirts and tailored pants for island living, which formed the basis for the brand's clothing. The company became fully owned by Oxford Industries, Inc. in 2003.

In 2007, Tommy Bahama launched its own brand of rum, which includes two varieties: White Sand, a light rum, and Golden Sun, an aged, dark rum. Both are produced by R.L. Seale Distillery in Barbados. The brand has received awards for its rum, including a Double Gold for Tommy Bahama Golden Sun and Gold for Tommy Bahama White Sands at the 2010 San Francisco World Spirits Competition. As of October 2012, the White Sand and Golden Sun rums were placed in Proof66.com's "Tier 1" category, indicating the "Highest Recommendation."

Tommy Bahama's corporate headquarters is located at 400 Fairview in the South Lake Union neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. The building was constructed in 2015.

Orix

ORIX Corporation is a financial services company based in Tokyo, Japan. The company provides a variety of services including leasing, lending, rentals, life insurance, real estate financing and development, venture capital, investment and retail banking, commodities funds and securities brokering. ORIX is also the majority owner of the ORIX Buffaloes baseball team in Nippon Professional Baseball.

ORIX was originally called Orient Leasing Co., Ltd. when it was established on April 17, 1964. The company's name was changed to ORIX Corporation in 1989. It was originally a subsidiary of Nichimen (now Sojitz), a trading house.

As of 2007, ORIX was Japan's largest leasing and diversified financial services conglomerate, with assets exceeding US$69 billion and subsidiaries in 24 countries worldwide.

In 2013, ORIX acquired approximately 90.01% of the equity in Dutch asset manager Robeco from Rabobank. The total sale price was €1,937 million (JPY 250.7 billion).

In 2015, ORIX and Vinci SA won a 45-year contract to operate Itami Airport and Kansai International Airport in Osaka Prefecture for around US$18 billion.

ORIX has expanded its offerings and now provides financial services in North America, Asia, the Middle East, and Northern Africa. Its divisions include Japan-based ORIX Auto Leasing Corporation, which operates in other countries through subsidiaries such as ORIX Auto Leasing (Thailand) Co., Ltd.

