Rakhine United F.C

Rakhine United Football Club is a professional football club, based in Arakan State.

The team was in the Myanmar National League in 2019.

Nyo Twan Awng

Brig. Gen. Nyo Twan Awng (; also spelled Nyo Tun Aung, born Zaw Mro Thet on 4 March 1981) is the deputy leader of the United League of Arakan and the Vice Commander-in-Chief of the Arakan Army.

Michael Haydn

Michael Haydn was a German composer. He was born in 1737 and he died in 1806. He was the brother of Joseph Haydn.

Rina Gunawan

Rina Mustikana Gumilang Gunawan, also known as Rina Gunawan, (June 28, 1974 – March 2, 2021) was an Indonesian television host and entrepreneur. 

Rina was a singer. She studied at Swara Mahardika, Geronimo, and Studio 26. She released and album, "Yudi" in 1996. 

She was a presenter of television talk shows. She also had roles in several soap operas, including "Erte Erwe" (Ruwet Household), "Pat Pat Gulipat," "Mat Angin." "She" also guest starred in "Si Doel Anak Sekolahan" (as Sarah's best friend played by Cornelia Agatha).

She founded an event company 9HN Production.

She died from COVID-19.


Rina married actor Teddy Shah on 11 April 1999; they had two children. 

She is the daughter-in-law of Indonesian actor and director Fritz G. Schadt.

Daniel Shays

Daniel Shays was a farmer and veteran of the American Revolutionary War and famously led the Shays' Rebellion in January 1787 with other farmers. The difficulties in ending the rebellion exposed the problems with the Articles of Confederation.

Judith de Leeuw

Judith de Leeuw (born 1995 Amsterdam) also known as JDL is a Dutch street artist. De Leeuw started as a graffiti writer in Amsterdam.. In 2017 she won a Dutch Street Art Awards in the category Young Talent. The Chicago Tribune called her "one of the best female muralists in the world." 

She travels the world to paint murals.

Around 2007 she started with friends on the street as a graffiti writer. She studied at the Willem de Kooning Academy and Street Art Museum.

In 2016, she painted an Amsterdam mural of Amy Winehouse.

In 2017, she created a mural for a pop-up restaurant, in Amsterdam. In 2018, she made an eight-story mural of the rapper Winne at the Kruisplein in Rotterdam.

She was commissioned for paintings paid in cryptocurrency.


Acworth, New Hampshire

Acworth is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 853 people lived there.


Albany, New Hampshire

Albany is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 759 people lived there.

Manchester Victoria station

Manchester Victoria Railway station is One Manchester's Railway stations around Manchester. It holds between Rochdale Manchester Airport Salford Crescent Liverpool & more.
This is The one of stations that has connection to the Arena.

Location: Manchester
Line: Manchester & Liverpool
Manchester Victoria -> Rochdale -> To Leeds
Manchester Victoria -> Salford Central -> To Southport
Manchester Victoria -> Manchester Oxford Road -> To Manchester Piccadilly & Airport
Manchester Victoria -> Newton-le-willows -> To Liverpool & Chester

Manchester Oxford Road railway station

Manchester Oxford is a major Rail station it is Managed by Northern Trains & Transpennine Express
Located in Oxford Road of Manchester

Holds between Manchester Airport, Windermere, Newton-le-willows, Barrow-in-Furness, Carlisle, Newcastle, Edinburgh, Glasgow Central 
Liverpool, Blackpool, Leeds, York, Middlesborough,
Redcar Central, Chester, Sheffield,

Bath, New Hampshire

Bath is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,077 people lived there.


Weiding

Weiding is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Willmering

Wilmering is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Zandt

Zandt is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Zell, Upper Palatinate

Zell is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.

Weidhausen

Weidhausen bei Coburg (officially: Weidhausen b. Coburg) is a municipality in the southeastern portion of the Coburg district of Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality is divided into three districts:

Sani Dangote

Sani Dangote (1959/60 – 14 November 2021) was a Nigerian businessman and brother to Aliko Dangote. He died on 14 November 2021 in the United States from colon cancer. 

Dangote had one wife and eight children. The only remaining brother to him is Aliko Dangote. 

Dekanalog

Dekanalog is an American movie and music company. The company was founded in 2020. The headquarters of the company is in New York City.

The company released its first movie in March 2021. In June of the same year, the company started producing music as well. It began with vinyl soundtrack of "Take Me Somewhere Nice". In November 2021, the company signed a home video contract with OCN Distribution.

L.A. Guns

L.A. Guns are an American glam metal band from Los Angeles, California. They were formed in 1983. 

Current members of the band include Tracii Guns (lead guitar), Phil Lewis (lead vocals), Ace Von Johnson (rhythm guitar, backing vocals), Johnny Martin (bass, backing vocals) and Scot Coogan (drums). 


Jyrki Kasvi

Jyrki Jouko Juhani Kasvi (6 January 1964 – 16 November 2021) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Finnish Parliament from 2003 until 2011 and again from 2015 until 2019. He was a member of the Green League. Kasvi was born in Pyhtää, Finland.

Kasvi was diagnosed with bladder cancer in 2003. It became terminal in January 2021. He died on 16 November 2021 under hospice care in Helsinki, Finland from the disease, aged 57.

Leonid Bartenyev

Leonid Vladimirovich Bartenyev () (10 October 1933 – 17 November 2021) was a Soviet athlete. He competed mainly in the 100 metres. Bartenyev was born in Poltava, Ukraine. He competed for the USSR in the 1956 Summer Olympics, where he won the silver medal. He also went to the 1960 Summer Olympics, where he won another silver medal.

Bartenyev died on 17 November 2021 in Kiev, Ukraine at the age of 88.

Jimmie Durham

Jimmie Durham (July 10, 1940 – November 17, 2021) was an American-Swiss sculptor, essayist and poet. He was active during the civil rights movements of African Americans and Native Americans in the 1960s and 1970s. He spent most of his career in Switzerland. 

He said that he was a Cherokee but that claim has been denied by tribal representatives.

Durham died on November 17, 2021 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 81.


Mace (weapon)

A mace is a wooden, metal-reinforced or metal shaft, 3 or more feet long, with a head made of iron or steel adding another foot to 18 inches to the length of the weapon. The head is normally about or slightly thicker than the diameter of the shaft, shaped with flanges, knobs or spikes to allow greater penetration of armour. It, like the war hammer and different other weapons of the time, came about because of the increased use of more effective armor on the battlefield.

The word "mace" comes from the French "masse" (short for Masse d'armes).

The mace was created in the Upper Paleolithic from the club. The club had spikes of flint or obsidian. There was a problem with early maces, though. The stone tips would shatter easily and it was difficult to fix the handle reliably.

The Persians used a variety of maces. For a knight, a mace was as effective as a sword. The ancient Romans didn't make wide use of maces.



Mohsen Mojtahed Shabestari

Ayatollah Mohsen Mojtahed Shabestari (; 1937 – 17 November 2021) was an Iranian Shiite cleric and politician. He was born in Shabestar, Iran. He was a member of the Islamic Consultative Assembly between 1980 until 1988 and again from 1992 until 2000. He was also a member of the Assembly of Experts between 1983 until his death. 

Shabestari died on 17 November 2021 in Tehran, Iran from cardiac arrest.

Theuns Jordaan

Theuns Jordaan (10 January 1971 – 17 November 2021) was a South African singer-songwriter and guitarist. In 2000, his first album, "Vreemde Stad", was released. It became his well known work. 

In September 2020, Jordaan was diagnosed with leukaemia. He died in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape from the disease on 17 November 2021, aged 50.


Dave Frishberg

David L. Frishberg (March 23, 1933 – November 17, 2021) is an American jazz pianist, vocalist, composer, and lyricist. He was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. His songs have been performed by Blossom Dearie, Rosemary Clooney, Shirley Horn, Anita O'Day, Michael Feinstein, Irene Kral, Diana Krall, Stacey Kent, John Pizzarelli and Mel Tormé.

Frishberg wrote the music and lyrics for "I'm Just a Bill" for the ABC "Schoolhouse Rock!" series.

Frishberg died on November 17, 2021 in Portland, Oregon at the age of 88.

Victoria Reggie Kennedy

Victoria Anne Kennedy (née Reggie; born February 26, 1954) is an American diplomat, attorney and activist. Kennedy is the U.S. Ambassador to Austria since 2022. She is the second wife and widow of longtime U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy, who was the brother of President John F. Kennedy.

In 2021, U.S. President Joe Biden nominated Kennedy to be the U.S. Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Austria. On October 26, 2021, Kennedy was confirmed by the Senate by voice vote.

List of German painters

This is a list of famous German painters.







On Our Merry Way

On Our Merry Way is a 1948 American comedy movie directed by Leslie Fenton, George Stevens, John Huston, King Vidor. It stars Paulette Goddard, Burgess Meredith, James Stewart, Henry Fonda, Harry James, Dorothy Lamour, Victor Moore, Dorothy Ford, Fred MacMurray, Hugh Herbert and was distributed by United Artists.


Düsseldorf school of painting

The art movement Düsseldorf school of painting was a group of artists who painted mostly landscapes, and who studied at, or were influenced by the Düsseldorf Academy. The academy's influence grew in the 1830s and 1840s, while the painter Wilhelm von Schadow was chief; It had many American students, several of whom got connected with the Hudson River School.

Famous members of the art movement (or "the Düsseldorf School") include Karl Friedrich Lessing, Johann Wilhelm Schirmer, Andreas Achenbach, Hans Fredrik Gude, Adolph Tidemand, Oswald Achenbach, Adolf Schrödter, and von Schadow.



InstaShop

InstaShop (Arabic: انستاشوب) is an E-commerce technology company founded in the United Arab Emirates in 2015 currently operating in 9 countries. On August 27, 2020, Delivery Hero announced that acquired 100% of InstaShop for $360 million.

InstaShop was founded in 2015 in Dubai, by John Tsioris and Ioanna Angelidaki as an online grocery delivery service. Twelve months later, the company was nominated by Forbes Middle East as one of "The most promising UAE startups" of the year, having partnered with more than 50 supermarkets and having more than 60,000 users, reason why Souq.com (now Amazon) quickly decided to invest on the project.

In the following years the company expanded outside the UAE, starting its operations in Qatar and Bahrain in 2017, to then enter in Egypt and Lebanon in 2018. Also in 2018, Forbes Middle East awarded InstaShop as one of the top 100 startups.

In 2019 InstaShop has gone from being a Grocery Delivery App to delivering multiple types of products, reaching more than 500,000 users during the COVID-19 pandemic.
On August 2020 InstaShop was acquired by the German holding Delivery Hero based on a valuation of USD 360 million.

After the expansions in Oman, Kuwait, and Saudi Arabia occurred in 2021, the app - which is currently active in 9 countries - has also gradually expanded its offer (originally focused on grocery), adding other categories such as pharmacies, restaurants, fitness nutrition, electronics, perfumes, stationery, home & living, and cosmetics.

Slush

Slush, also called slush ice, is a mixture of snow and liquid water.

In the natural environment, slush is made when ice or snow melts. This often mixes with dirt and other materials, resulting in a gray or muddy brown color. Ice and snow can often block the draining of water from slushy areas, so slush often freezes and melts multiple times before completely disappearing.

In areas where road salt is used to clear roadways, slush forms at lower temperatures than it would usually in salted areas. This can cause many differences, even in the same area.

Slush behaves like a non-Newtonian fluid, which means it acts solid until its inner shear forces reach a certain amount. When this happens, it can suddenly become fluid. This makes the behaviour of slush very unpredictable. This is the reason avalanches happen and are so unpredictable. This gives them potential to become a hidden natural hazard.

Too much slush can be a problem on an aircraft runway since it cause resistance on the aircraft’s wheels. This can cause accidents such as the Munich air disaster. Slush on roads can also increase the braking distances for cars and trucks, increasing the chance of rear end crashes and other accidents.

Slush can be dangerous and slippery in overnight frost.

Sometimes, slush can be helpful. When snow hits slush, it melts on contact. This stops roads from becoming too full of snow or sleet.

Collège de France

Collège de France Formerly known as the "Collège Royal" is a higher education and research institution in France. The school was founded in 1530 by Francis I. It is located in Paris, in the Latin Quarter, across from the La Sorbonne campus, near the Pantheon.



Sophie's Choice (movie)

Sophie's Choice is a 1982 American drama movie directed and written by Alan J. Pakula. It is based on William Styron's 1979 novel of the same name. The movie stars Meryl Streep as Zofia "Sophie" Zawistowski. The movie is about a Polish immigrant with a dark secret from her past. It also stars Kevin Kline, Peter MacNicol, Rita Karin, Stephen D. Newman, and Josh Mostel.

"Sophie's Choice" premiered in Los Angeles on December 8, 1982. It received generally positive reviews from critics.

Mont Vernon, New Hampshire

Mont Vernon is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,584 people live there.


The Way We Were

The Way We Were is a 1973 American romantic drama movie directed by Sydney Pollack. It stars Barbra Streisand and Robert Redford. Arthur Laurents wrote both the novel and screenplay. It is based on his college days at Cornell University and his experiences with the House Un-American Activities Committee.

Virginio Pizzali

Virginio Pizzali (28 December 1934 – 14 November 2021) was an Italian cyclist. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics, winning a gold medal. He was born in Mortegliano, Italy.

Pizzali died on 14 November 2021 in Udine, Italy at the age of 86.

Mortegliano

Mortegliano () is a "comune" (municipality) in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It is located about 60 km northwest of Trieste and about 14 km southwest of Udine.

Dzyanis Kowba

Dzyanis Yur'evich Kowba (, , "Denis Yuriyevich Kovba"; 6 September 1979 – 18 November 2021) was a Belarusian professional footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder. He was a member of Belarus national team between 2002 and 2007. He was born in Vitebsk, Soviet Union.

Kowba died on 18 November 2021 in Minsk, Belarus from COVID-19 at the age of 42.

Chichester, New Hampshire

Chichester is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,665 people lived there.


Zvi Zilker

Zvi Zilker (13 March 1933 – 18 November 2021) was a German-born Israeli politician. He was the second and fourth mayor of Ashdod between 1969 until 1983 and again from 1989 until 2009. Zilker was born in Güstrow, Germany. He moved to Israel in 1935 to escape Nazi Germany.

Zilker died on 18 November 2021 from cancer in Ashdod, Israel at the age of 88.

West Hills, New York

West Hills is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Huntington, Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 5,385 at the 2020 census.

Franz Stuck

Franz von Stuck (February 23, 1863 – August 30, 1928) was a German painter, sculptor, printmaker, and architect. 

Among his famous paintings are "The Sin" from 1892. 

In 1906, Stuck got the Order of Merit of the Bavarian Crown.


Deepti Sadhwani

Deepti Sadhwani is an Indian actress and singer, who works in Bollywood film industry. Her recently released song is "Butterfly Wale".

Sadhwani was born and brought up in Lucknow, India. She has done MBA in Finance from the "Jaipuria Institute of Management".

Sadhwani started her career as an investment banker. She won the title of "Miss North India" and she took part in Femina Miss India where she was a regional finalist. She has also appeared in the television series "Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah" and also hosted a reality show named "Hasya Samrat", which was aired on Zee Marathi. She has also done movies like "Nazar Hati Durghatana Ghati" and "Rock Band Party" where she played the lead role. In 2020 lockdown she has done three music videos named "Harayana Roadway", "Toot Jaayein", "Lala Lala Lori".



Dorothea Dix

Dorothea Lynde Dix (April 4, 1802July 17, 1887) was an American reformer during the Antebellum Period. She advocated for improved treatment of prisoners and the mentally ill. She was mainly concerned with the inhumane conditions faced by these groups. Her efforts led to many states taking steps to address this issue, with some building new facilities and some improving existing ones.

Osterhofen

Osterhofen is a town in the district of Deggendorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the right bank of the Danube, 16 km south of Deggendorf.

Aholming

Aholming is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf, Germany.

Auerbach, Lower Bavaria

Auerbach () is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Außernzell

Außernzell is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany. It is part of the municipal union of Schöllnach.

The village is in the Donau-Wald region and it is in the valley of the Kleinen Ohe river, which empties into the Danube in the Bavarian Forest.

Bernried

Bernried is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Buchhofen

Buchhofen is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Grafling

Grafling is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Grafling is in the Danube Forest Planning Region ("Planungsregion Donau-Wald"). Its lowest point is in Großtiefenbach at 326 m above sea level (NN). The highest points of the municipality are the Steinberg (999 m), the Geißriegel (1,043 m), the Dreitannenriegel (1,090 m) and the Einödriegel (1,121 m) which rise above the valley of the Graflinger Tal to the east. To the north the valley ends at the Hochberg (727 m), to the west it is guarded by the Butzen (775 m) and the Vogelsang (1,022 m) in the municipality of Bernried. To the south the valley opens up towards Deggendorf, the Danube Plain, and the Gäuboden.

Grattersdorf

Grattersdorf is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf, Bavaria, Germany.

Hengersberg

Hengersberg is a municipality in Bavaria in the district Deggendorf.

Districts are: Hengersberg, Altenufer, Anzenberg, Boxbach, Buch, Edermanning, Emming, Erkerding, Erlachhof, Eusching, Frohnhofen, Furth, Grubmühle, Heiming, Hinterweinberg, Holzberg, Holzerreuth, Hörgolding, Hörpling, Hub, Hubmühle, Hütting, Kading, Killersberg, Klausberg, Lapferding, Leebbergheim, Lichtenöd, Lohof, Manzing, Matzing, Mimming, Mutzenwinkl, Neulust, Nußberg, Oberanzenberg, Oberellenbach, Oberreith, Obersimbach, Pfaffing, Ponau, Rading, Reichersdorf, Reisach, Schlott, Schwanenkirchen, "Schwarzach", Sicking, Siederding, Siedersberg, Thannberg, Trainding, Unterellenbach, Unterfrohnstetten, Unterreith, Untersimbach, Viehdorf, Vorderweinberg, Walmering, Waltersdorf, Weickering, Wessenhof, Würzing, Zilling.

Hengersberg was founded 997 as "Helmgeresberg" by Gotthard of Niederalteich.

Hunding

Hunding is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Ampelokipoi-Menemeni

Ampelokipoi–Menemeni () is a municipality of the Thessaloniki Urban Area in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece. The seat of the municipality is in Ampelokipoi.

Iggensbach

Iggensbach is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Künzing

Künzing () is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf, Bavaria, Germany.

Lalling

Lalling is a municipality in the Lower Bavarian district of Deggendorf in Germany. It is a nationally recognized resort town.

Lalling is along the Danube in the south of the Bavarian Forest, specifically in what is called the Lallinger angle.

Metten

Metten is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany. The town grew up around the Benedictine Metten Abbey, founded in 766. Metten is also the birthplace of former Bayern Munich goalkeeper Sepp Maier.

Moos, Bavaria

Moos is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Niederalteich

Niederalteich () is a village on the Danube in Bavaria, Germany. It is best known as the place of Niederaltaich Abbey.

Oberpöring

Oberpöring is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Offenberg

Offenberg is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Otzing

Otzing is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Plattling

Plattling is a town in the district of Deggendorf, Bavaria, Germany, on the river Isar, 9 km southwest of Deggendorf, just before it enters the Danube.

Plattling is twinned with:


The little girl playing with a butterfly (Rotta)

The little girl found in Venice (also known as La Bambina in culla che gioca con una farfalla) is a 19th-century oil painting by Antonio Rotta, in 1860, in Venice, Italy, exhibited at the Museo Bottacin in Padova, Italy.




Schaufling

Schaufling is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Schöllnach

Schöllnach is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Stephansposching

Stephansposching is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Wallerfing

Wallerfing is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Winzer

Winzer is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf in Bavaria in Germany.

Eva Galvache

Eva Galvache (14 October 1962 Cartagena - 27 June 2020 Pozuelo de Alarcón, Madrid) was a Spanish radio journalist.​

She studied at the Universidad CEU San Pablo. In 1986 she started at the Cadena COPE network, with Faustino Catalina, directed by José Luis Gago, in the religious news program "Iglesia noticia". The program had the collaboration of Paloma Gómez Borrero and Antonio Pelayo

She also hosted the programs "Letra y música" and "El espejo de la familia." Through this family radio program, related to family and the defense of life.​​

Specialized in religious information, she took charge of the news of the COPE network for thirty years, being the first secular woman to hold the position of religion editor in the chain. She attended as a special envoy to cover the most important ecclesiastical events worldwide, such as World Youth Days, various synods, conclaves and various canonizations. ​​

She died on 27 June 2020 in Pozuelo de Alarcón after suffering from breast cancer.​​

Aislingen

Aislingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Bachhagel

Bachhagel is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The current mayor is Ingo Hellstern.


Bächingen

Bächingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Gundelfingen an der Donau.

Ulrike Gaul

Ulrike Gaul (5 August 1960 Möckmühl – 14 June 2020) was a German developmental biologist.

Ulrike Gaul studied biochemistry and physics at the University of Tübingen. In 1988, she received her doctorate from the Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology. Subsequently,she conducted research at the University of Washington and the University of California, Berkeley. From 1993, she was a professor at Rockefeller University. In 2009, she accepted an Alexander von Humboldt Professorship at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich, where she worked at the Center for Integrated Protein Science Munich (CIPSM). 

Her scientific work focused on the analysis of the role of glial cells in the nervous system of fruit flies, as well as systems biology studies on gene regulation in developmental biology. 

Binswangen

Binswangen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Wertingen.

Nurhasanah Iskandar

Nurhasanah Iskandar (20 May 1958 – 12 July 2020) was an Indonesian voice actress. She was the voice of the animated character Doraemon which aired on RCTI. 

Beginning in 1982, Nurhasanah worked at Radio Republik Indonesia (RRI). She produced radio programs. She also voiced telenovelas and Indian films. She voiced the character Doraemon from 1993 until January 2018. 

After retiring from RRI in 2016, Nurhasanah focused on doraemon projects. Sometimes she appeared on television or other shows. 

Starting in February 2018, Nurhasanah's was replaced by her son, Dana Robbyansyah as the voice of Doraemon.

Bissingen, Bavaria

Bissingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Blindheim

Blindheim (); ; traditionally known in English as Blenheim ( ), is a municipality in the Bavarian district of Dillingen in southern Germany, containing of several villages. It is north of Augsburg, on the left bank of the Danube River. Its population is about 1,700.

For administrative purposes, it is affiliated with the municipal association of Höchstädt an der Donau.



Buttenwiesen

Buttenwiesen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

The comune Buttenwiesen belongs to the region of Augsburg. The community contains the main town Buttenwiesen and the municipality parts Frauenstetten, Lauterbach, Oberthürheim, Pfaffenhofen an der Zusam, Unterthürheim and Wortelstetten.

Dillingen an der Donau

Dillingen or Dillingen an der Donau (, Dillingen at the Danube) is a town in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany. It is the administrative center of the district of Dillingen.



Outi Aunula-Ylä-Sulkava

Outi Aunula-Ylä-Sulkava (b. October 1992) is a Finnish long track speed skater. She was active between 1985 and 2000. 

Aunula-Ylä-Sulkava represented her nation three time as at the World All round Speed Skating Championships for Women. in 1992, in 1993 and in 1998. 

She participated at the European Speed Skating Championships for Women in 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, and 1999. She also competed at other international competitions, including at ISU Speed Skating World Cups.

Finningen

Finningen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. It is 7 km north of the town of Dillingen. The population is 1206 (as of 2017). The town is a member of the municipal association Höchstädt an der Donau.

Glött

Glött is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Irina Safrankova

Irina Safrankova (Ирина Сафранкова; born June 1978) is a Belarusian long track speed skater, who was active between 1994 and 2000.. 

Safrankova represented her nation at the 1998 World All round Speed Skating Championships, but was disqualified in the 1500 metres. 

She also competed at international competitions, including at ISU Speed Skating World Cups.

Gundelfingen an der Donau

Gundelfingen an der Donau () is a town in the Bavarian district Dillingen in Swabia. Gundelfingen is at the river Danube (Donau), between Stuttgart, Munich and Augsburg (latitude 48° 33" 15' and longitude: 10° 22" 9'). It has some 8,000 residents and still resembles the town of the Middle Ages. The town is the seat of the municipal association Gundelfingen an der Donau, which includes the towns Bächingen, Haunsheim and Medlingen.


Haunsheim

Haunsheim () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Gundelfingen an der Donau.

Koba (sweet)

Koba is a sweet made from ground peanuts, brown sugar and rice flour. It is a traditional food of Madagascar (where it is also known as kobandravina), especially in the highlands. In markets and gas stations you can find people selling "koba akondro", a sweet made by wrapping a batter of ground peanuts, mashed bananas, honey and corn flour in banana leaves and steaming or boiling the small cakes until the batter has set.

Koba akondro (]) is part of the Malagasy cuisine of Madagascar. It is sold in markets and gas stations. It is made by wrapping a batter of ground peanuts, mashed bananas, honey and corn flour in banana leaves and steaming or boiling the small cakes until the batter has set. Peanut brittle is also sold.


Höchstädt an der Donau

Höchstädt an der Donau () is a town in the district of Dillingen, Bavaria, Germany. It is near the banks of the Danube. It contains of the following suburbs: Höchstädt an der Donau, Deisenhofen, Oberglauheim, Schwennenbach and Sonderheim. The town is the seat of the municipal association Höchstädt an der Donau, which includes the towns Blindheim, Finningen, Lutzingen and Schwenningen.


Martha Flores

Martha Flores (December 27, 1928 Cardenas – July 18, 2020 Miami) was a Cuban radio announcer, journalist and singer. She continued her career in the United States, where she was known as the "Queen of the Night".​​

She was born in Cárdenas, in the province of Matanzas (Cuba) on December 27, 1928. At an early age his family moved to Havana.​In 1959, she graduated as a broadcaster from the University of Havana.​

When Fidel Castro came to power in 1959, Flores decided to leave her native country. According to Flores, "I left my homeland because I knew Fidel Castro's career from the University of Havana, and I knew that the future was not going to be good for Cuba." Based in Miami, she linked up with Hispanic radio in that city, debuting with the first radio program hosted by a woman.​

Linked to the Univision radio network and the radio station Radio Mambí 710 AM, Flores presented "La noche y usted,"a program where she addressed issues of interest to Cuban exiles in the United States. She also served as an activist for the rights of Latino immigrants, created the La Rosa Blanca foundation.

Holzheim, Dillingen

Holzheim () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria. Until its demolition in 1811, Fultenbach Abbey stood in the town.

Peanut brittle

Brittle is a type of sweet consisting of flat broken pieces of hard sugar candy with nuts mixed into it, such as pecans, almonds, or peanuts. It is usually less than 1 centimeter thick. It has many variations around the world, such as "pasteli" in Greece, "sohan" in Iran, croquant in France, alegría or palanqueta in Mexico, "gozinaki" in Georgia, "gachak" or "gajak" in Indian Punjab, "chikki" in other parts of India, "kotkoti" in Bangladesh, "sohan halwa" in Pakistan, "huasheng tang" (花生糖) in China, "thua tat" (ถั่วตัด) in Thailand and kẹo lạc in Vietnam. In parts of the Middle East, brittle is made with pistachios. Many Asian countries use sesame seeds and peanuts. Peanut brittle is the most popular brittle recipe in the United States. The term "brittle", was first printed in 1892 meaning food, though the candy itself has been around for much longer.

Usually, a mixture of sugar and water is heated to approximately , though some recipes also use ingredients like glucose and salt in the first step. Nuts are mixed with the sugar, which is caramelized. At this point, spices, leavening agents, and often peanut butter or butter are added to the mixture. The hot candy is poured out onto a flat surface for cooling, traditionally a granite or marble slab, or a baking sheet. The hot candy can be smoothed to an equal thickness. When the brittle is cool enough to touch, it is broken into pieces or chunks.

Nougatine is a similar confection to brittle, but it is made of sliced almonds instead of whole peanuts, which are mixed into clear caramel.


Bennington, New Hampshire

Bennington is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,501 people lived there.


Bezeklik Caves

The Bezeklik Thousand Buddha Caves (, Uyghur: ېىزەكلىك مىڭ ئۆيى ) are small Buddhist caves. They are between the cities of Turpan and Shanshan (Loulan) at the north-east of the Taklamakan Desert. They are near the ancient ruins of Gaochang in the Mutou Valley, in the Xinjiang region of western China.

There are 77 rock-cut caves at the site. Most of them have rectangular spaces with rounded arch ceilings. These are often divided into four sections. Each of these four sections has a mural of the Buddha. The entire ceiling is covered with hundreds of Buddha murals. Some murals show a large Buddha with other figures, including Turks, Indians and Europeans. Some of the murals are a better quality than others.

Ardeshir Zahedi

Ardeshir Zahedi, GCVO (; 16 October 1928 – 18 November 2021) was an Iranian politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1966 to 1971. He was also the Ambassador to the United States between 1960 until 1962 and again from 1973 until 1979. He was also an Ambassador to the United Kingdom between 1962 until 1966.

Zahedi was born in Tehran. His father, Fazlollah Zahedi, was the 36th Prime Minister of Iran. Between 1957 until their divorce in 1964, he was married to Shahnaz Pahlavi. They had one daughter.

Zahedi died on 18 November 2021 in Montreux, Switzerland at the age of 93.

Eugenio Conti

Eugenio Conti is an Italian painter.
He is a son of doctor Bernardino and Angela Ogliari. He studied painting at the Accademia Carrara of Bergamo and had Enrico Scuri as his teacher; in 1864 he moved to Florence and studied with Antonio Ciseri, from 1866 he was in Rome to attend the National Academy of San Luca attending the workshop of Cesare Mariani he remained there until 1864. In his youth he was linked to the patriots Garibaldi's men. He fought in 1866 as a volunteer among the Garibaldini, performing heroic deeds, and was taken prisoner by the Austrians in Trentino, and was incarcerated in Slovenia, he could only return to his homeland following an exchange of prisoners.

Later in 1874 he lived between Milan in Crema and married his cousin Zoe Fontana, with whom he had four children, discovering the village of Lierna on Lake Como thanks to a family of high nobility, where he would then spend many years in holiday, finding in that environment the inspiration for numerous works.
He made paintings for the churches of Vaiano Cremasco, Credera, San Giovanni Battista and Santa Maria della Croce in Crema, for Palazzo Bonzi and villa Poma in Biella. He took part in the industrial and artistic exhibition in Cremona, in a similar exhibition in Turin and in the industrial exhibition Milan.

In 1901 he was appointed honorary member of the Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera.
He is buried in the cemetery of Sergnano: on the tomb there is a bronze medallion with the portrait of him made by the sculptor Alessandro Laforêt.

Conti will often be a guest with numerous other painters of a noble family in Lierna on Lake Como, where he is hosted to stay in the summer of 1908, making his last large work before dying The boat turns the tip in Lierna, painted En plein air from the terrace of a villa on Lierna, declaring it to be the most beautiful sight of his life. The work is now part of the permanent collection of the Civic Museum of Crema and Cremasco.





Fazlollah Zahedi

Fazlollah Zahedi (, pronounced ; 17 May 1892 – 2 September 1963) was an Iranian general and politician. He was the 36th Prime Minister of Iran 1953 - 1955. He replaced Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh in a coup d'état. The United States and Great Britain supported that military take over.

Chatham, New Hampshire

Chatham is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 341 people lived there.

Prime Minister of Iran

The Prime Minister of Iran was a political job in Iran (Persia) that had existed many times between the Qajar era until the end of the Pahlavi dynasty. It also was active from 1979 to 1989 following the Iranian Revolution, but was abolished in 1989.



Ack van Rooyen

Ack van Rooyen (1 January 1930 – 18 November 2021) was a Dutch jazz trumpeter and flugelhornist. He was Jerry van Rooyen's brother. He played with The Ramblers between 1955 and 1957, then moved to France in 1957. There, he worked with Aime Barelli, Kenny Clarke, Lucky Thompson, and Barney Wilen.

Van Rooyen was born and died in The Hague. He was 91 years old.

Aldine, Texas

Aldine is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Atascocita, Texas

Atascocita is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Barrett, Texas

Barrett is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Channelview, Texas

Channelview is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Crosby, Texas

Crosby is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Highlands, Texas

Highlands is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Sheldon, Texas

Sheldon is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Spring, Texas

Spring is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Hollywood Park, Texas

Hollywood Park is a town in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

St. Hedwig, Texas

St. Hedwig is a town in Bexar County, Texas, United States.

Bartonville, Texas

Bartonville is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Cross Roads, Texas

Cross Roads is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Double Oak, Texas

Double Oak is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Draper, Texas

Draper is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Hickory Creek, Texas

Hickory Creek is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Northlake, Texas

Northlake is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Ponder, Texas

Ponder is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Providence Village, Texas

Providence Village is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Shady Shores, Texas

Shady Shores is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States.

Sumrall, Mississippi

Sumrall is a small town in Lamar County, Mississippi, United States.

New Hebron, Mississippi

New Hebron is a small town in Lawrence County, Mississippi, United States.

Silver Creek, Mississippi

Silver Creek is a small town in Lawrence County, Mississippi, United States.

East Granby, Connecticut

East Granby is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

East Windsor, Connecticut

East Windsor is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Enfield, Connecticut

Enfield is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Granby, Connecticut

Granby is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Ali Derakhshan (footballer)

Ali Derakhshan (; born February 17, 1999) is an Iranian footballer.


Chester, New Hampshire

Chester is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 5,232 people lived there.


There once was a man from Nantucket

"There once was a man from Nantucket" is the first line in many limericks. This is usually because the word "Nantucket" is easy to rhyme with. The limerick where the line is from was first written for the "Princeton Tiger" in 1902.

Many other newspapers made limericks about the man and the bucket.

Sexual versions of the limerick have made it popular. One of these versions comes from 1927 in the book "Immortalia".

Ali Derakhshan (politician)

Ali Derakhshan (July 7, 1919 - July 7, 1981 in Tehran) was an Iranian politician.

He opponent and fighter against the Pahlavi government and a member of the Central Council of the Islamic Republic Party and in charge of the party's finances.

Ali Derakhshan

Ali Derakhshan may refer to: 


Hartland, Connecticut

Hartland is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Marlborough, Connecticut

Marlborough is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Plainville, Connecticut

Plainville is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Rocky Hill, Connecticut

Rocky Hill is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 20,845 at the 2020 census.

South Windsor, Connecticut

South Windsor is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Southington, Connecticut

Southington is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Windsor, Connecticut

Windsor is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.

Edgardo Labella

Edgardo "Edgar" Colina Labella (; May 22, 1951 – November 19, 2021) was a Filipino politician and lawyer. He was the mayor of Cebu City from 2019 until his death in 2021. He was the city's vice mayor from 2013 to 2019. He was a member of the city council from 1998 to 2001 and again from 2004 to 2013. Labella was born in Cebu City.

Labella died on November 19, 2021 in Cebu City from sepsis caused by pneumonia, aged 70.

María Elsa Viteri

María Elsa Viteri (25 February 1965 – 18 November 2021) was an Ecuadorian economist and politician. She was Minister of Finance from 2008 to 2010 and again in 2018. Viteri was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador. 

Viteri died on 18 November 2021 from pancreatic cancer in Guayaquil, aged 56.

Mick Rock

Michael David Rock (1948 – 18 November 2021) was a British photographer. He was born in London.

He was known for photographing rock music acts. He photographed Queen, David Bowie, T. Rex, Syd Barrett, Lou Reed, Iggy Pop and The Stooges, The Sex Pistols, The Ramones, Joan Jett, Talking Heads, Roxy Music, Thin Lizzy, Geordie, Mötley Crüe, and Blondie.

Rock died on 18 November 2021 in New York City, aged 72.

Nottingham, New Hampshire

Nottingham is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 5,229 people lived there.


Roxy Music

Roxy Music were an English rock band formed in 1970 by Bryan Ferry and Graham Simpson. The other longtime members were Phil Manzanera (guitar), Andy Mackay (saxophone and oboe), and Paul Thompson (drums and percussion). 

Although the band took a break from group activities in 1976 and again in 1983, they reunited for a concert tour in 2001. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2019. Their best known song is "Jealous Guy" from 1981.

Antonio Leal Labrín

Antonio Leal Labrín (10 January 1950 – 17 November 2021) was a Chilean politician. He was a member of the Party for Democracy. He was in the Chamber of Deputies of Chile from 1998 to 2010. He was its President from 2006 to 2007. Leal Labrín was born in Santiago, Chile.

Leal Labrín died on 17 November 2021 in Santiago at the age of 71.

Kew East, Victoria

Kew East is a suburb of Melbourne, Australia located east of the city center. In 2016, 6,635 people lived there. It is a part of the City of Boroondara local government area.

Ted Horlick

Vice-Admiral Sir Edwin John Horlick KBE FREng FIMechE MIMarEST (28 September 1925 – 12 November 2021) was a British Navy Vice Admiral. He was Director General of British Ships from 1979 to 1983, and as Chief Naval Engineer Officer from 1981 to 1983. 

Horlick died on 12 November 2021, at the age of 96.

Suki Waterhouse

Alice Suki Waterhouse (born 5 January 1992) is an English model, actress and singer.

She works for Burberry and Redken. Waterhouse has also modelled for brands like Tommy Hilfiger (alongside her sister Immy), Swatch, Lucy in Disguise, H&M, Alice + Olivia, Coast, Max Studio, Sass & bide, Caterina Gatta and Pepe Jeans.

Nazanin Boniadi

Nazanin Boniadi (; , ; born 22 May 1980) is a British actress and activist. She played Leyla Mir in the medical drama "General Hospital" (2007–2009) and its spin-off "" (2007). She also played Nora in the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" (2011) and Fara Sherazi in the Showtime spy thriller series "Homeland" (2013–2014).

Jocelyn Benson

Jocelyn Benson (born October 22, 1977) is an American Democratic Party politician. She is the 43rd Secretary of State of Michigan since 2019.

Dana Nessel

Dana Michelle Nessel (born April 19, 1969) is an American lawyer and politician. She is the 54th Attorney General of Michigan since 2019. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Nessel is the second openly lesbian person elected attorney general of a state in the United States (after Maura Healey of Massachusetts) and the first openly LGBTQ+ person elected to statewide office in Michigan. She is also the first Jew to be elected Attorney General of Michigan.

Unit of time

A unit of time or midst unit is any particular time interval, used as a standard way of measuring or expressing duration. The base unit of time in the International System of Units (SI) and by extension most of the Western world, is the second, defined as about 9 billion oscillations of the caesium atom.

Note: The light-year is not a unit of time, but a unit of length of about 9.5 petametres (9 454 254 955 488 kilometers).

K.G.F: Chapter 2

K.G.F: Chapter 2 is a 2022 Indian Kannada-language action movie. The movie was written and directed by Prashanth Neel. It was produced by Hombale Films. The movie is the second part of the two-part series. It is the sequel to the 2018 movie "". The movie stars Yash, Sanjay Dutt, Srinidhi Shetty, Raveena Tandon and Prakash Raj.

Neel used the same crew as the first movie. The cinematographer was Bhuvan Gowda. Ravi Basrur wrote the score for the movie The movie had a budget of ₹100 crore ($13.1m). This makes it the most expensive Kannada-language movie as of March 2022. The movie theatrically released in Kannada on 14 April 2022 with dubbed versions of the movie in Telugu, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam languages.

In the blood-soaked Kolar Gold Fields (KGF), Rocky's name strikes fear into his foes. While his allies look up to him, the government sees him as a threat to law and order, and Rocky must battle threats from all sides.


The score for the movie was composed by Ravi Basrur.

As a part of the promotional activities, a fictional newspaper named "KGF Times" was designed based on vintage newspapers. Starting from 4 to 10 January 2021, the makers unveiled the new editions of the movie through their social media accounts.

The teaser trailer was initially scheduled to release on 8 January 2021, coinciding with Yash's birthday. However, after few cuts from the teaser leaked through the internet, the makers unveiled the teaser on 7 January, ahead of the official launch. Instead of releasing the teaser in five languages, the makers released it as a single teaser featuring English dialogues. It became the most viewed and most liked teaser.

"K.G.F: Chapter 2" was originally scheduled to release in theatres on 23 October 2020, coinciding with Dusshera festival. However, the release was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in India. In January 2021, the filmmakers announced that it would be released theatrically on 16 July 2021. However, it was postponed again for the same reason. In August 2021, the new release date was announced as 14 April 2022. It released in Kannada and dubbed versions of Telugu, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam languages.

KRG Studios, a sister company of the movie's studio Hombale Films, bought the distribution rights of the Kannada version while the Hindi version would be distributed by Rithesh Sidhwani, Farhan Akhtar and Anil Thadani under their banners Excel Entertainment and AA Films who had also bought the predecessor of the movie. The rights for the Telugu dubbed version were sold to Dil Raju's Sri Venkateswara Creations. whereas Prithviraj Sukumaran acquired the rights for the Malayalam dubbed version under his Prithviraj Productions banner. The rights for the Tamil dubbed version were acquired by Dream Warrior Pictures.

Satellite rights of the movie were acquired by ZEE Network for the four languages in South India. Their four channels - Zee Kannada for the Kannada version of the movie Zee Tamil for the Tamil version, Zee Telugu for the Telugu version and Zee Keralam for the Malayalam version - bagged the worldwide satellite rights of the movie.

The Karnataka State Anti-Tobacco Cell sent a notice to actor Yash, producer Vijay Kiragandur and filmmaker Prashanth Neel on 11 January 2021 as the makers failed to display the anti-smoking warning message, particularly in the sequences that involve Yash smoking. As per the law, anti-smoking warnings have to be displayed to stop fans from emulating it.

Strafford, New Hampshire

Strafford is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,230 people lived there.


German art

German art has a tradition of the visual arts. Examples have been found from as early as the Venus of Hohle Fels; Research shows that it is from between 40,000 and 35,000 years ago,

The archeological finds of Bronze Age gold hats, have Germany in its center; The same goes for the "central" form of Urnfield culture, and Hallstatt culture.

German art from the Middle Ages begins with the Frankish Empire of Charlemagne (d. 814), the first state to rule the majority of the modern territory of Germany, as well as France and much of Italy. Of Carolingian art, there were a small number of objects. The most common type of object to survive is the illuminated manuscript; Wall paintings were common but, like the buildings that they were in, they have nearly all disappeared.

Printmaking by woodcut and engraving was already more developed in Germany and the Low Countries than anywhere else, and the Germans took the lead in developing book illustrations. The woodblocks were often (on loan, or) lent to printers of editions in other cities or languages. The greatest artist of the German Renaissance, Albrecht Dürer, began his career as an apprentice to a leading workshop in Nuremberg, that of Michael Wolgemut, who had largely gone away from painting so that he instead could work with [and profit] from the new medium. Dürer worked on the book, the Nuremberg Chronicle, published by his godfather Anton Koberger, Europe's largest printer-publisher at the time.

The making of the "Isenheim Altarpiece", ended in 1515; It was made by Matthias Grünewald; It is widely looked at as the greatest German Renaissance painting. The piece has Renaissance principles of composition; the work is in the Gothic form of a multi-winged triptych.

The art movement, the Danube school of painting started with a [group of, or a] circle of artists during the first third of the 16th century in Bavaria and Austria, including Albrecht Altdorfer, Wolf Huber and Augustin Hirschvogel. With Altdorfer at the front, the movement made the first examples of independent landscape art in the West (nearly 1,000 years after China), in both paintings and prints. Their religious paintings had an expressionist style somewhat similar to Grünewald's. Dürer's pupils Hans Burgkmair and Hans Baldung Grien worked largely in prints, and Baldung kept working on the subject of witches, in a number of prints.
In Catholic parts of South Germany the Gothic tradition of wood carving continued to [its popularity, and to] flourish until the end of the 18th century. Veit Stoss (d. 1533), Tilman Riemenschneider (d.1531) and Peter Vischer the Elder (d. 1529) were Dürer's contemporaries, and their long careers covered the transition between the Gothic and Renaissance periods; Their ornament often stayed Gothic even after their compositions began to reflect Renaissance principles.

Two and a half centuries later, Johann Joseph Christian and Ignaz Günther were leading masters in the late Baroque period, both dying in the late 1770s, almost a decade before the French Revolution. Famous work on German Baroque interiors came from the Wessobrunner School, a later term for the stuccoists of the late 17th and 18th centuries. Another result of German skill in working on sculptures, was in porcelain; The most famous modeller is Johann Joachim Kaendler of the Meissen factory in Dresden, but the best work of Franz Anton Bustelli for the Nymphenburg Porcelain Manufactory in Munich is often considered the greatest achievement of 18th-century porcelain.

Baroque painting was slow to arrive in Germany, with very little before about 1650. The period remains little-known outside Germany, and though it "never made any claim to be among the great schools of painting", its neglect by non-German art history remains striking. Many foreign painters spent time working in Germany for princes, among them Bernardo Bellotto in Dresden, and Gianbattista Tiepolo, who spent three years painting the Würzburg Residence with his son. Many German painters worked abroad, including Johann Liss who worked mainly in Venice, Joachim von Sandrart and Ludolf Bakhuisen, the leading marine artist of the final years of Dutch Golden Age painting. In the late 18th century the portraitist Heinrich Füger and his pupil Johann Peter Krafft, whose best known works are three large murals in the Hofburg, had both moved to Vienna as students and stayed there.

Early artists of Neoclassicism in Germany were Anton Raphael Mengs (d. 1779), the Danish painter Asmus Jacob Carstens (d. 1798), and the sculptor Gottfried Schadow (d. 1850). Mengs was one of the most highly regarded artists of his day, working in Rome, Madrid and elsewhere, and finding an early Neo-Classical style. Carstens' shorter career was turbulent and troubled, leaving a trail of unfinished works, but through pupils and friends such as Gottlieb Schick, Joseph Anton Koch and Bonaventura Genelli, more influential. Koch was born in the mountains of the Austrian Tyrol and became the leading Continental painter of landscapes, concentrating on mountain views, despite spending much of his career in Rome.

From the German Romanticism, Caspar David Friedrich is well-known outside Germany. Other noted artists are Philipp Otto Runge, who like Friedrich had trained at the Copenhagen Academy and was forgotten after his death until a revival in the 20th century. Friedrich painted almost entirely landscapes, with a distinctive Northern feel, and always a feeling of quasi-religious stillness. Often his figures are seen from behind – they like the viewer are lost in contemplation of the landscape. Runge's portraits, mostly of his own circle, are naturalistic except for his huge-faced children, but the other works in his brief career increasingly reflected a visionary pantheism. Adrian Ludwig Richter is mainly remembered for his portraits, and Carl Wilhelm Kolbe was an etcher, whose later prints show figures almost swallowed up by gigantic vegetation.

The Nazarene movement started with a group of early 19th-century German Romantic painters who had a goal to revive honesty and spirituality in Christian art. The principal motivation of the Nazarenes was a reaction against Neoclassicism and the routine art education of the academy system. They rejected what they saw as the superficial virtuosity of later art. Their programme (had similarities with, or) was not dissimilar to that of the English Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood in the 1850s, although the core group took it as far as wearing pseudo-medieval clothing. In 1810 Johann Friedrich Overbeck, Franz Pforr, Ludwig Vogel and the Swiss Johann Konrad Hottinger moved to Rome, where they occupied the abandoned monastery of San Isidoro. They were joined by Philipp Veit, Peter von Cornelius, Julius Schnorr von Carolsfeld, Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow and a loose grouping of other German artists. They met up with the Austrian romantic landscape artist Joseph Anton Koch, (d. 1839) who became an unofficial tutor to the group. In 1827 they were joined by Joseph von Führich, and Eberhard Wächter was later associated with the group. Unlike the strong support given to the Pre-Raphaelites by the dominant art critic of the day, John Ruskin, Goethe was dismissive of (or did not agree with,) the Nazarenes: "This is the first case in the history of art when real talents have taken the fancy to form themselves backwards by retreating into their mother's womb, and thus found a new epoch in art."

The art movement, Düsseldorf school of painting, was a group of artists who painted mostly landscapes, and who studied at, or were influenced by the Düsseldorf Academy. The academy's influence grew in the 1830s and 1840s, while the painter Wilhelm von Schadow was chief; It had many American students, several of whom got connected with the Hudson River School.

Biedermeier is a style in literature, music, the visual arts and interior design. It started in the time period between the end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815 and the revolutions of 1848. Biedermeier art was interesting for the rich middle classes; This realism in art, often [held high, or] celebrated domestic virtues, and came to dominate over French-leaning tastes of the aristocracy, as well as the yearnings of Romanticism. Carl Spitzweg was a leading German artist in the style.

Adolph Menzel followed the development of early Impressionism to create a style that he used for depicting grand public occasions, among other subjects like his "Studio Wall". Karl von Piloty was a leading academic painter of history subjects who did teaching at in Munich; Among his more famous pupils were Hans Makart, Franz von Lenbach, Franz Defregger, Gabriel von Max and Eduard von Grützner. "Munich school" is used about both of German and of Greek painting, after Greeks like Georgios Jakobides studied under him. . Piloty's most influential pupil was Wilhelm Leibl. Being the head of the so called Leibl-Circle, an informal group of artists with a non-academic approach to art, he did important work on Realism in Germany.

The Berlin Secession was a group started in 1898 by painters including Max Liebermann, who got much inspiration from the art of Manet and the French Impressionists, and Lovis Corinth then still painting in a naturalistic style. The group existed until the 1930s. Its regular exhibitions [was important for, or] helped launch the next two generations of Berlin artists. Near the end of the century, the Benedictine Beuron Art School was known for religious murals, in rather muted colours, with inspiration from Les Nabis. In some ways that art looked forward to Art Nouveau or the Jugendstil ("Youth Style") as it is known in German. Franz Stuck and Max Klinger are the leading German Symbolist painters.

["The working-council for art", or] Arbeitsrat für Kunst and November Group, both formed in 1918. In 1922 The November Group, the Dresden Secession, Das Junge Rheinland, and several other progressive groups formed a "Cartel of advanced artistic groups in Germany" (Kartell fortschrittlicher Künstlergruppen in Deutschland).

Die Brücke ("The Bridge") was a group of painters that were important to expressionism in Germany. The group was started in Dresden in 1905 by architecture students who wanted to be painters: Fritz Bleyl (d. 1966), Erich Heckel (d. 1970), Ernst Ludwig Kirchner (d. 1938) and Karl Schmidt-Rottluff (d. 1976), with Max Pechstein and others later joining. Emil Nolde (d. 1956) was for a short time a member of Die Brücke, but was not in agreement with the younger members of the group. Die Brücke moved to Berlin in 1911, and the group ended in 1913. The group was known for use of woodcut in art.

Der Blaue Reiter ("The Blue Rider") was started in Munich, Germany in 1911. Wassily Kandinsky, Franz Marc, August Macke, Alexej von Jawlensky, Marianne von Werefkin and others started the group (because, or) in response to the rejection of Kandinsky's painting Last Judgment from an exhibition by Neue Künstlervereinigung. (Kandinsky had been a member of that group.) The name Der Blaue Reiter came from Marc's enthusiasm for horses, and from Kandinsky's love of the colour blue. For Kandinsky, blue is the colour of spirituality; The darker the blue, the more it awakens human desire for the eternal (see his 1911 book On the Spiritual in Art). Kandinsky had also titled a painting Der Blaue Reiter in 1903. The intense sculpture and printmaking of Käthe Kollwitz was strongly influenced by Expressionism, which also formed the starting point for the young artists who went on to join other tendencies within the movements of the early 20th century.

"Die Brücke" and "Der Blaue Reiter" and the Bauhaus had Utopian leanings, and they were trying to combine fine and applied arts (Gesamtkunstwerk) with a view towards creating a better society.

From the early 20th century until 1933, there was a boom (or a big increase) in the production of works of German art of a grotesque style. Artists using the Satirical-Grotesque genre included George Grosz, Otto Dix and Max Beckmann, at least in their works of the 1920s. The leading artists of Dada in Germany, were Kurt Schwitters and Hannah Höch. They were known for their use of collage for political commentary. Schwitters later developed his "Merzbau", a forerunner of installation art. Dix and Grosz were also associated with the Berlin Dada group. Max Ernst led a Dada group in Cologne, where he also worked on collages, but with a great interest in Gothic fantasy. He made a transition into surrealism, and he became the leading German artist of surrealism. The Swiss-born Paul Klee, Lyonel Feininger and others experimented with cubism.

The New Objectivity (German: Neue Sachlichkeit), was an art movement which started in Germany during the 1920s; It was in opposition (or against) expressionism. Grosz and Dix were at the front of the movement. They were on the "Verist" side of the movement together with Beckmann and Christian Schad, Rudolf Schlichter, Georg Scholz (in his early work), Elfriede Lohse-Wächtler, and Karl Hubbuch. The other tendency is sometimes called Magic Realism, and included Anton Räderscheidt, Georg Schrimpf, Alexander Kanoldt, and Carl Grossberg. The movement was never a formal group.

Plakatstil, "poster style" in German, was an early style (or kind) of poster design that began in the early 20th century; It had bold, straight fonts with very simple designs, in contrast to Art Nouveau posters. Lucian Bernhard was one of its important people.

The Nazi regime banned modern art; It was seen as degenerate art (ferman: entartete Kunst). Nazi ideology said that modern art had gone away from the norm of classical beauty. The 1920s to 1940s are considered the heyday of modern art movements. The government looked at avant-garde artists as enemies of the state and a threat to the German nation. Many artists went into exile (or settled in other countries); Few came back after World War II. Dix and Pechstein stayed. Nold stayed and made his "unpainted pictures" in secret after being forbidden (or having a prohibition) to paint. Beckmann, Ernst, Grosz, Feininger and others went to America. Klee went to Switzerland, where he died. Kirchner took his own life.

In July, 1937, the Nazis showed the exhibition "Entartete Kunst" (Degenerate art), in Munich; After that showing, the exhibition was moved to eleven other cities in Germany and Austria. 

The trends in Germany, of art after World War II can be divided into Socialist realism in the DDR (communist East Germany), and in West Germany a variety of movements including Neo-expressionism and Conceptualism.
Famous artists of socialist realism include Walter Womacka, Willi Sitte, Werner Tübke and Bernhard Heisig.

Famous neo-expressionists include or included Georg Baselitz, Anselm Kiefer, Jörg Immendorff, A. R. Penck, Markus Lüpertz, Peter Robert Keil and Rainer Fetting. Other famous artists include Martin Kippenberger, Gerhard Richter, Sigmar Polke, and Neo Rauch.

Famous German conceptual artists include Bernd and Hilla Becher, Hanne Darboven, Hans-Peter Feldmann, Hans Haacke, and Charlotte Posenenske.

The Performance artist, sculptor, and theorist Joseph Beuys was maybe the most influential German artist of the late 20th century.

The exhibition "documenta" was held as late as 2022; The next exhibition is scheduled five years after that. Art Cologne and Transmediale are held every year.



My Life as a Teenage Robot

My Life as a Teenage Robot, also referred to as simply Teenage Robot or MLaaTR, is a 2002 American animated comedy television series. It was created by Rob Renzetti for Nickelodeon. It was produced by Frederator Studios in association with Nickelodeon Animation Studios.


Set in the fictional town of Tremorton, "My Life as a Teenage Robot" (2002 - 2006) follows the adventures of a teenage robot girl named Jenny Wakeman (a.k.a. XJ-9), who was created by her mother Dr. Nora Wakeman and designed to protect Earth, while also striving to live the life of a normal teenage girl.

The show focuses on making lighthearted fun of typical teenage problems and other conventions of the teenage and superhero lives, with a blend of action and comedy sequences.

Despite critical success, "My Life as a Teenage Robot" was a ratings disappointment. 

Season 3 aired in the United States as "never before seen episodes" on Nicktoons Network between 2008 and 2009, three years after their initial production and premiering in other countries. The series is distributed outside in some countries by the Canadian animation studio, Nelvana Limited.

The entire series is available on iTunes, Amazon DVD, and Paramount+.

"My Life as a Teenage Robot" received mostly positive reviews from critics, being nominated for numerous awards, most prominently one Primetime Emmy Award and eleven Annie Awards.

List of My Life as a Teenage Robot episodes

The pilot, "My Neighbor Was A Teenage Robot", was produced in 1998 for "Oh Yeah! Cartoons" and premiered on Nickelodeon in the United States on December 4, 1999.

After the success of the "Oh Yeah Cartoons!" pilot short, "My Neighbor Was A Teenage Robot" (produced in 1998 and aired on Nickelodeon in 1999), Nickelodeon announced a full half-hour series in early 2002.

Creator Rob Renzetti joined Frederator Studios to produce the series. 

The series entered pre-production in 2001, and production of the first season officially commenced in March of 2002, and wrapped in late November 2002 with the completion of "The Wonderful World of Wizzly" and "Call Hating." 

"Unlicensed Flying Object" was the first script written for the series in March of 2002. Despite "It Came From Next Door" chronologically being the first episode, it is basically a remake of the pilot and the decision to write it into an episode was made after the scripts for "Unlicensed Flying Object", "Raggedy Android", and "The Boy Who Cried Robot" were written, thus making "It Came From Next Door" the fourth script written for the series. 

Writing of the season was completed in August 2002 with the final draft of "Saved by the Shell."

After passing the storyboard and animatic phase, episodes were shipped overseas to the Seoul-based "Rough Draft Korea" animation studio, where color and animation were added to the episodes. This phase of the first season's production lasted until November 2002, and post-production wrapped later that month.

Rob Renzetti thought of many different styles for the series before finally settling with the Art Deco and anime-inspired aesthetics that the show is known for. 

The episode "Raggedy Android" was the first episode storyboarded, and was handled mostly by Renzetti himself. This can be seen in the episode as the fairgoers are drawn in a variety of different art styles that were exclusive to that particular episode. After "Raggedy Android", the series' style was finalized as Renzetti and co. found their footing.

The high ratings of season 1 led Nickelodeon to renew the series for a second season in late 2003, and the season entered production in early 2004.

Jenny was given a slight redesign for the second season, which was used for the remainder of the series. Her eyes have become more rounded and she is now slightly taller.

Production of season 2 continued through the rest of 2004 and into early 2005. With the completion of "Escape From Cluster Prime", production wrapped in March 2005.

Near the end of the season's production cycle, a third season was ordered, which entered production as season 2 was wrapping up.
Although this final season was produced between 2005 and 2006, it never aired in its home country, the United States, until October 2008 to May 2009. This is probably due to the fact that the series was cancelled in 2005, shortly after the end of the second season.

However, the entire season aired in foreign countries such as the United Kingdom, Japan and Germany between 2005 and 2007, before reaching the United States.

Pre-production of season 3 commenced at the beginning of 2005, with the first episode written being "There's No Place Like Homeschool."

The first half of the season ("Weapons of Mass Distraction" through "Good Old Sheldon") was produced in 2005, while the second half ("Infectious Personality" through "Turncoats") was produced in 2006.

With the completion of the episodes "Samurai Vac" and "Turncoats" on April 14, 2006, the series officially ceased production following its 2005 cancellation.

Unlike most other Nicktoons, My Life as a Teenage Robot actually premiered internationally.

The series premiered in Australia with the first episodes, "It Came From Next Door" and "Pest Control", on October 18, 2002, the United Kingdom on November 3, 2002, and Mexico on February 7, 2003, before finally debuting in the United States on August 1.

By the time the series had its American premiere, the first season had already finished airing in the United Kingdom, and 11 of the season's 13 half-hour episodes had aired in Australia, as well as 10 in Mexico.

Most of the first season aired in the United States in late 2003, with the last few episodes being delayed to early 2004, ending on February 27 with "The Wonderful World of Wizzly" and "Call Hating", a full year after their worldwide premiere in the United Kingdom. By this time, season 2 was already in production.

Each individual episode debuted in the United States more than a full year (August 2003 to February 2004) after it was ready to air (July 2002 to November 2002).

This would become all too common later in the series' run, and starting in season 2, coupled with the additional issue of episodes premiering in America out of their intended order. This came to a head in season 3, which didn't air in the United States for three years (2008 - 2009) after initial production and their worldwide premieres.

It is unknown why the American premiere was delayed to August 2003 when the entire first season was ready to air in 2002, though it could be that Nickelodeon felt that the show was too edgy to air in 2002, so soon after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in New York City.

The season was meant to premiere in the United States on October 1, 2004 with "Victim of Fashion", airing in its intended order. However, decisions by the network caused the premiere to be delayed to December with "A Robot For All Seasons" and the episodes to air out of order.

Like the first season, season 2 premiered in Australia first, with "Victim of Fashion" on September 17, 2004. The same episode also first aired in Canada on October 4, beginning the season's run in that country ahead of the United States as well. The season also premiered in the United Kingdom ahead of the United States, on October 31.

By the time season 2 premiered in the United States on December 8, 2004, half of the season had already aired in Australia and the United Kingdom.

After airing "A Robot For All Seasons" in December, five more half-hour episodes were burned out in the United States the week of January 24-28, 2005. After that, one more episode pairing aired in March, and another in June, before the season finale "Escape from Cluster Prime" on August 12.

Despite this, several more episodes produced before "Escape From Cluster Prime" were delayed until September in the United States, including "Victim of Fashion", the first episode produced for the season.

This causes several continuity errors when viewed in American airing order, for example the episode "Designing Women", which was produced well before "Escape From Cluster Prime", but aired in the United States after the fact.

By the time the second season finished its run in the United States on September 9, production of the third season was already well underway.

Perhaps the most infamous and well-known delay of "My Life as a Teenage Robot" is that the third and final season aired in the United States three years after it was produced (from 2008 to 2009), as well as airing in a large number of countries before its own.

Episodes were leaked in the United States throughout 2006 and 2007 thanks to said international premieres, often being ripped on websites like The Pirate Bay.

The season had its world premiere in the United Kingdom on November 6, 2005, followed by Australia and Canada in December 2005, Japan in January 2006, Mexico in April 2006, and Germany in September 2006.

The season, and thus the series, ended its run in Australia on June 16, 2006 with the final episodes "Samurai Vac" and "Turncoats", in Australia the following month, Germany in October 2006, Mexico in November, followed by Japan and Canada in 2007.

The season first aired in the United States on October 4, 2008 with the episodes "Weapons of Mass Distraction" and "There's No Place Like Home School", and finished airing on May 2, 2009 with "Samurai Vac" and "Turncoats", thus officially ending the series' run in its home country. This final episode pairing didn't air on Nickelodeon, instead airing on its sister network, Nicktoons. The season aired in the United States three years after it was produced and aired in other countries.

"My Life as a Teenage Robot" received a generally positive reception from critics and the general public. As of June 2018, it holds a 7.0/10 rating on the Internet Movie Database and an 8.2/10 rating on TV.com.

The font used for the title card, and for the end credits is ITC Anna. However, the letters A, B, E, H, K and R were modified.

On December 12, 2011, all three seasons of My Life as a Teenage Robot were released on DVD at Amazon CreateSpace, and later eBay.

Escape from Cluster Prime is absent from the season 2 DVD, however it is on the season 3 DVD.

On February 5, 2012, Magna Home Entertainment released all three seasons of My Life as a Teenage Robot as a single DVD set in Australia.

Until 2021, the full series was available for streaming on Hulu. Since 2021, it has been available on Paramount+.

Reginald Johnston

Reginald Fleming Johnston ( Edinburgh, 13 October, 1874 - "ibid.", 6 March, 1938) was a British academic and diplomat, he was too the tutor and an advisor of the last emperor of China, Puyi . He was also the colonial governor of Weihaiwei .

He was born in the Scottish city of Edinburgh in 1874, he had higher studies at the University of Edinburgh and later at the Magdalen College, Oxford . In 1898 he entered to the colonial service and started to work for the British administration in Hong Kong . At this time he learned Chinese. After being stationed for a time in Hong Kong, in 1906 Johnston was transferred as a district officer to the British concession of Weihaiwei, a territory placed on the Shandong peninsula . In Weihaiwei he was under the command of Commissioner James Stewart Lockhart, who became into a close friend to Johnston. His work was very well received by the local people. 

In October 1918, he was offered to be the guardian of the young Puyi, the overthroned Chinese emperor who still continued living in the Forbidden City of Beijing as a non-sovereign monarch. Johnston accepted the offer and at the end of 1918 he moved to the Chinese capital, becoming the new imperial guardian. During the following years he had a great influence on Puyi, to whom he showed the western culture - something significant, considering the reactionary and ultra-conservative atmosphere of the imperial Court. At the request of the emperor about possible Western names for himself and some of his companions, it was Johnston himself who recommended a Western name - Henry. At this time, Johnston and Isabel Ingram - a daughter of an American missionary and the guardian of Empress Wan Rong - were the only foreigners allowed to be inside the court of the Qing dynasty in its entire history. Another of Puyi's tutors was the Chinese career official Zheng Xiaoxu, who was a lot of esteemed by Johnston. There was mutual respect between the this two people, and Zheng even recommended to Puyi that Johnston be imperial commissioner for the Summer Palace . By initiative of Jhonston, the Summer Palace was visited for the first time by Puyi and became an occasional residence that made it possible to break the cloister of the Forbidden City. But, this all ended in 1924, when Puyi and his family were expelled from the Forbidden City.

Johnston went back to the colonial service. In 1927 he was designated the commissioner of the concession of Weihaiwei, a position that he had until the 1930s. On that date the territory was returned to China. He moved to the United Kingdom, and in 1931 he was designated Professor of Chinese at the School of Oriental Studies at the University of London . Despite his extensive experience about China, he did not adapt well to the university environment. He retired in 1937. The ex-tutor continued maintaining contact with Puyi, even when he was established by the Japanese as emperor of the puppet state of Manchukuo . Johnston bought the small Scottish island of Eilean Rìgh, where he set up his home with Chinese-style gardens and even hoisted a Manchukuo flag . He died in 1938, without having gotten married.

For his own decision, almost all of his letters and texts were burned after his death. 



Birney

Birney is an American-Canadian television series for toddlers. It aimed for kids aged 1-5 years old. Sentimental for only "Barney & Friends", "Birney"'s elemental thinker does.

First published by: June 4, 1993
Final published by: October 1999
Time: 30 minutes
Network: NBS
Seasons: 7
Production company: Birney Ltd.

Laugna

Laugna () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Wertingen.

Lauingen

Lauingen () is a town in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the left bank of the Danube, 5 km west of Dillingen, and 37 km northeast of Ulm.

Lauingen is twinned with:



Lutzingen

Lutzingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Höchstädt an der Donau.

Medlingen

Medlingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Gundelfingen an der Donau.

Mödingen

Mödingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality includes the villages Bergheim and Mödingen.

Schwenningen, Bavaria

Schwenningen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Höchstädt an der Donau.

Syrgenstein

Syrgenstein () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Villenbach

Villenbach () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Wertingen.

Wertingen

Wertingen (; ) is a town in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria, Germany. It is along the river Zusam in 13 km east of Dillingen, and 28 km northwest of Augsburg. The city is the seat of the municipal association Wertingen.


Wittislingen

Wittislingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Ziertheim

Ziertheim () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.


Zöschingen

Zöschingen () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Since 2014 Tobias Steinwinter ("Gemeinschaftsliste") is the mayor. The predecessor was Norbert Schön.

Zusamaltheim

Zusamaltheim () is a municipality in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria in Germany. The town is a member of the municipal association Wertingen.

The mayor is Stephan Lutz, elected in March 2020.


Star Wars: The Bad Batch

Star Wars: The Bad Batch is an animated series that takes place in the "Star Wars" universe. Its first season was released in 2021, and a second season is set to premiere in 2022. 

The first season was released May-August 2021 on Disney+. Michelle Ang, a voice actor in the series, confirmed that production for the second season had started by September. The second season is set to premiere in 2022 exclusively on Disney+, while a third season is yet to be confirmed by Disney.


Lithium-4

Lithium-4 contains three protons and one neutron. It is the shortest-lived known isotope of Lithium, with a half-life of 91±9 yoctoseconds ((9.1±0.9)×10 s) and decays by proton emission to Helium-3. Lithium-4 can be formed as an intermediate in some nuclear fusion reactions.

Dingolfing

Dingolfing is a town in southern Bavaria, Germany. It is the seat of the Landkreis (district) Dingolfing-Landau.



Eichendorf

Eichendorf "()" is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Frontenhausen

Frontenhausen is a municipality in Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Gottfrieding

Gottfrieding is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Landau an der Isar

Landau an der Isar is the second-largest town in the Lower Bavarian district, or "Landkreis", of Dingolfing-Landau, in the state of Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Isar, 120 km downstream from Munich. In 2020, its population was around 14,000.


Loiching

Loiching is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Mamming

Mamming is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Marklkofen

Marklkofen is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

György Schöpflin

György Schöpflin (also known as George Schöpflin) (24 November 1939 – 19 November 2021) was a Hungarian politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Hungary between 2004 until 2019. He was a member of Fidesz, part of the European People's Party. Schöpflin was born Budapest, Hungary.

Schöpflin died in Budapest on 19 November 2021, five days before his 82nd birthday.

Marie Lovise Widnes

Marie Lovise Widnes (1 November 1930 – 19 November 2021) was a Norwegian poet, author, singer, composer, and politician. She was born in Vanylven, Norway. She was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Møre og Romsdal in 1989, but was not re-elected in 1993. She was a member of the Labour Party.

Widnes died on 19 November 2021, aged 91.

William Evan Sanders

William Evan Sanders (December 25, 1919 – November 18, 2021) was an American Episcopalian prelate. He was the eighth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee from 1977 to 1985, and first bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of East Tennessee from 1985 to 1992. He was born in Natchez, Mississippi.

Sanders died on November 18, 2021 in Nashville, Tennessee at the age of 101.

Mengkofen

Mengkofen is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the Aiterach River valley.

The municipality includes 10 former municipalities ("Gemarkungen"), and other villages:

Moosthenning

Moosthenning () is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Elisabeth Eichholz

Elisabeth Eichholz, (born Elisabeth Kleinhans, 12 November 1939 in Wolmirstedt) is a German professional road bicycle racer, who competed for the East Germany.

Elisabeth Kleinhans grew up in Loitsche. She began cycling in the autumn of 1958. She entered her first races in Magdeburg. In 1959 she won the Women's Rund um Berlin ahead of her long-time competitor Elfriede Fey.

In the run-up to the 1960 World Cycling Championships, she was sent to SC Leipzig with other top riders to compete at the World Championships. At the World Championships she won the bronze medal. In 1961, she finished in seventh place at the World Championships. She could not participate in a world championship again until 1965, because of visas. In 1961, she had become East German champion in the road race for the first time, in 1962 and 1963 she won the title in pursuit and in 1964 in the time trial on the track.

In 1963, she married the Leipzig cyclist Dieter Eichholz. In 1966 she ended her career because her son was born. She began a distance learning course to become an "educator with teaching qualification", and then worked as a trainer in a Leipzig clothing factory. She then worked as a teacher for sports and school garden in Schönebeck until 1998.

Niederviehbach

Niederviehbach is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Isar River.

Kim Suominen

Kim Suominen (20 October 1969 – 18 November 2021) was a Finnish footballer. He played as a midfielder. Suominen was born in Turku, Finland. Between 1993 until 1996, Suominen played for the national team almost forty times. He played for Turun Palloseura between 1987 until 1991 and again in 2000.

Suominen died on 18 November 2021 in Turku, aged 52.

Pilsting

Pilsting is a municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany.

Reisbach (Vils)

Reisbach is a market town in Bavaria. It is on the Vils River, and belongs to the administrative region of Lower Bavaria.
The neighbouring communities, listed clockwise, are Mamming, Landau an der Isar, Simbach (bei Landau), Falkenberg (Niederbayern), Rimbach (Niederbayern), Gangkofen, Marklkofen and Gottfrieding.


Lena Charlotte Reißner

Lena Charlotte Reißner (born 14 November 2000) is a German professional road and track cyclist.

In 2018, Lena Charlotte Reißner became German junior champion in the team pursuit. She won the bronze medal at the European Junior Track Championships, with Ricarda Bauernfeind, Friederike Stern and Finja Smekal. She also won bronze in 2019, at the U23 European Track Championships in the team pursuit with Franziska Brauße, Michaela Ebert, and Laura Süßemilch. At the 2019 World Cup, she finished fourth, with Katharina Hechler, Laura Süßemilch and Lea Lin Teutenberg.

In 2020, Reißner was nominated for the World Track Championships in Berlin. At the U23 European Championships she won silver in the team pursuit with Franziska Brauße, Finja Smekal and Lea Lin Teutenberg.

In 2021, she competed at the Tour Feminin.

She competes with Team Rupelcleaning.

Simbach, Dingolfing-Landau

Simbach is a market town and municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau, Bavaria, Germany. As of 2020, it had a population of about 4,000 and an area of 51.23 km².


Gangkofen

Gangkofen is a municipality in the county ("Landkreis") of Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

The market town (Markt) Gangkofen is in the valley of the river Bina along the federal highway B 388 about 17 km (11 mi) west of Eggenfelden, 26 km (16 mi) south of Dingolfing, 40 km (25 mi) southeast of Landshut, 25 km (16 mi) north of Mühldorf and 32 km (20 mi) west of the county (district) seat, Pfarrkirchen.

Gangkofen is the westernmost municipality of the rural county or district ("Landkreis") named Rottal-Inn, and borders the county of Dingolfing-Landau in the north, the county of Mühldorf in the south and the county of Landshut in the west. Gangkofen is considered part of the historic and geographic Rottal region, because the market town was part of the former county of Eggenfelden (in the Rott valley) and has stronger economic and cultural ties to the east, than in other directions. The western portions of the political municipality - the former rural towns of Dirnaich and Hölsbrunn- historically belonged to the county of Vilsbiburg (now part of the county of Landshut), thus the residents of those parts tend to look to be placed in that direction (the west) even today.

The political municipality makes up the market town itself and the following villages: Angerbach, Dirnaich, Engersdorf, Hölsbrunn, Kollbach, Malling, Obertrennbach, Panzing, Radlkofen, Reicheneibach und Seemannshausen.

Rimbach, Lower Bavaria

Rimbach is a municipality in the district of Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Falkenberg, Lower Bavaria

Falkenberg () is a municipality in the district of Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany. It includes the village of Diepoltskirchen.

Wallersdorf

Wallersdorf is a market town and municipality in the district of Dingolfing-Landau in Bavaria in Germany. 

Katrijn De Clercq

Katrijn De Clercq (born 5 February 2002) is a Belgian track and road cyclist. 

As a first-year junior, at the Belgian track cycling championships, she won 5 junior titles (omnium, keirin, sprint, 500 metres and madison). At the Belgian road championships, she won 2 silver (pursuit and points race) and a bronze medal (scratch). 

As a second-year junior she won 3 titles (omnium, scratch and points race) and 3 silver medals (sprint, 500m and pursuit) in the Belgian junior track cycling championships, at the European Junior Bale Cycling Championships in Fiorenzuola d'Arda she won 2 titles (points race and Madison) and at the European Road Championships for juniors, she won bronze.

At the 2021 World Championships, she finished eighth in Madison with Shari Bossuyt.

In 2022 she won the bronze medal in Madison with Shari Bossuyt at the EC U23 

In 2023 she won three silver medals at the EC U23 in elimination, omnium and Madison (with Marith Vanhove) won 2 road races (GP Lucien Van Impe and stage victory in Watersley Womens' Challenge) and won the SKM Ladies Cycling Cup (5 races).

She rides with the Lotto Dstny Ladies team.

Anzing

Anzing is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg.

Constituent communities include Anzing, Auhofen, Boden, Froschkern, Frotzhofen, Garkofen, Hl. Kreuz, Höggerloh, Kaisersberg, Köppelmühle, Lindach, Mauerstetten, Obelfing, Oberasbach, Ranharting, Ried, Staudach, Unterasbach and Ziegelstadel.


Obelfing

Obelfing is a district of the municipality of Anzing in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg.

The village of Obelfing is about half a kilometre southeast of Anzing. The settlements border each other. South of Obelfing begins the Anzing Forest, part of the Ebersberg Forest.

Veronika Jaborníková

Veronika Jaborníková (born 2 February 2001) is a Czech track cyclist.

In 2017 Veronika Jaborníková started track cycling. In 2018 and 2019 she started at UCI Track Junior World Championships. In 2019, she finished fourth in the sprint. At the Czech junior national championships, she was champion in the team sprint, together with Veronika Bartoníková .

In July 2020, she became Czech champion in the sprint, in the Keirin, and with Sára Kaňkovská in the team sprint.

At the 2021 World Track Cycling Championships, she finished 13th in keirin. and 22nd in sprint.

Aßling

Aßling (spelled with the German ß) is a municipality in the district of Ebersberg, Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is, along with the communities of Emmering and Frauenneuharting, a member of the administrative community () of the same name.

Aßling is within the Munich commuter area, about 40 km from that city. It has its own railway station on the Munich–Salzburg line. Grafing bei München is only 7 km away, Ebersberg is 11 km away, Wasserburg am Inn 23 km and Rosenheim 20 km. However, there is no connection to any main highway in the Aßling area.

Aßling also holds two rural areas (), Aßling and Loitersdorf.


Baiern

Baiern is a community in the district of Ebersberg, Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Glonn.

The community's name is pronounced the same way as the German name for Bavaria ("Bayern"), although it is spelt differently. This is most likely originated from the old way of spelling Bavaria in German ("Baiern").

The constituent communities of Antholing, Berganger and Netterndorf are to be found within Baiern, as is the "Jugenddorf Piusheim" ("Youth Village of Piusheim").

Baiern is in the Munich region. It includes one traditional rural land unit – "Gemarkung" in German – also called Baiern.


Bruck, Upper Bavaria

Bruck is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg. It is a member of the municipal association ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Glonn.

Bruck is in the Munich region. It includes one traditional rural land unit – "Gemarkung" in German – also called Bruck.

The constituent communities of Taglaching, Pienzenau, Alxing, Bauhof, Pullenhofen, Loch, Nebelberg, Schlipfhausen, Eichtling, Doblbach, Wildaching, Feichten, Hamburg, Einharting and Wildenholzen are to be found within Bruck.

Ebersberg

Ebersberg is the seat of the similarly named Ebersberg "Landkreis" (district) in the Oberbayern "Regierungsbezirk" (administrative region) in Bavaria, southern Germany. The "Ebersberger Forst" (forest) is one of Germany’s largest continuous area of woodlands.

Neighbouring communities are Grafing bei München, Kirchseeon and Steinhöring. Bavaria’s capital, Munich, is 32 km away and may be reached by Munich S-Bahn (S6). Rosenheim and Wasserburg am Inn are about the same distance away.


GO Transit

GO Transit is a train and bus service for the province of Ontario in Canada. It goes to areas and places like Waterloo, Toronto, Peel and Durham. The company that owns GO Transit is Metrolinx, and they merged in 2009.All the trains and buses go to a building in Toronto called Union Station.

Lakeshore East is the line that is right of the Union Station. Lakeshore East goes to the town Oshawa which is in Durham, and before the line is finished in Union, the station before is Danforth which is in the Toronto Region.

Lakeshore West is the line that is left of the Union Station. Lakeshore East goes to the town Aldershot which is in Burlington, which is a common express area where lots of other trains go to such as the train that goes across the entire country, VIA Rail. Via Rail goes to Union Station just like GO Trains except it goes to the different provinces and their cities. Before the line is finished in Union, the station before is called Exhibition which is in Toronto.
In the summer time and during good weather, GO expands the Lakeshore West line to the Niagara Falls city which is its own region. It's called an excursion route and it starts in Union Station, except this train skips some stations because it is an express train. It goes to the city of Port Credit which is in Peel and right after Port Credit is Oakville. It goes to Burlington which is in Burlington and St. Catharines which is in Niagara before stopping in Niagara Falls. 

The Milton line is almost entirely owned by CN (stated below) and very few stations are belonging to GO Transit. Before it finishes in Union Station, the station Kipling connects with the Toronto subway station Kipling. 

Kitchener serves the region of Waterloo and Peel; exiting Peel at Bramalea, and exiting Waterloo at St Mary's, where from there it stops service at London (see Windsor-London Excursion) in Middlesex County.

In 2021, GO Transit expanded the Kitchener Line for a pilot project to London with small stops at Stratford and St Mary's. 

Richmond Hill serves the city by itself and terminates at Bloomington GO. Previously it terminated at Gormley GO.

Barrie serves the York Region and Simcoe County and terminates at Allandale Waterfront. Previously it terminated at Bradford.

Stouffville serves the York Region similar to it's neighbour Barrie and terminates at Old Elm (formerly Lincolnville.) The Stouffville line connects with the subway line and the Lakeshore East line at Scarborough and Danforth GO.

GO Transit is currently beginning a project called RER, or Regional Express Rail. They will make part of the railway electric and add 24/7 service to some lines. GO Transit will not electrify parts of rail that Metrolinx doesn't own due to CN not granting permission yet, but in the future there may be electric service to parts CN owns. 

Canadian National is a freight rail company that operates on the same lines as GO Transit, VIA Rail, and it's competitor, CP Rail. Metrolinx only owns 80 percent of the rail it drives on and certain stations on the lines are used by CN. 

The Oakville Subdivision exists on the Lakeshore West line from Oakville to West Harbour making stops in Aldershot, Burlington, Appleby, Bronte, and Oakville GO.

UP Express is an express train company that operates on its separate GO Transit line and connects with GO Transit's Kitchener line. The UP Express goes toward the Pearson airport and makes stops at Weston and Bloor GO.

Rollinsford, New Hampshire

Rollinsford is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,597 people lived there.


Quo Vadis (2001 movie)

Quo Vadis is a 2001 Polish American drama movie directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz and was based on the 1896 novel of the same name by Henryk Sienkiewicz. It stars Franciszek Pieczka, Paweł Deląg, Magdalena Mielcarz, Bogusław Linda, Michał Bajor, Agnieszka Wagner.

Hank von Hell

Hans Erik Dyvik Husby (15 June 1972 – 19 November 2021), also known as Hank von Helvete and Hank von Hell, was a Norwegian musician and actor. He was known for being the lead vocalist of the punk rock band Turbonegro. An actor, he was known for playing Cornelis Vreeswijk in the biographical movie "Cornelis".

Von Hell died on 19 November 2021, aged 49.

Colonoscopy

Colonoscopy () or coloscopy () is the endoscopic test of the large bowel and parts the small bowel. Tests use a CCD camera or a fiber optic camera on a flexible tube passed through the anus. It can provide a visual diagnosis and allow biopsy or removal of suspected colorectal cancer lesions.

Equinor

Equinor ASA (formerly Statoil and StatoilHydro) is a Norwegian state-owned multinational energy company headquartered in Stavanger. They are a petroleum company. They work in 36 countries.

In the 2020 Forbes Global 2000, Equinor was ranked as the 169th-largest public company in the world. The company has about 20,200 employees.

Peng Shuai

Peng Shuai (; born 8 January 1986) is a Chinese professional tennis player. She was ranked world No. 1 doubles by the WTA. She is the first Chinese tennis player to do so. 

Peng has won two singles and 22 doubles titles. She won a gold medal at the 2010 Asian Games. At the 2013 Wimbledon Championships, Peng won her first ladies' doubles championship. She was born in Xiangtan, Hunan.

In November 2021, Peng accused former senior Chinese vice premier Zhang Gaoli of sexually assaulting her. She later disappeared and was censored by Chinese government.

Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China

The vice premiers of the State Council of the People's Republic of China () are high-ranking officials under the premier and above the ministers. The current vice premiers, in order of rank, are Han Zheng, Sun Chunlan, Hu Chunhua and Liu He.

Sun Chunlan

Sun Chunlan (; born 24 May 1950) is a Chinese politician. She was a member of the Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party, and a Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China. Between 2014 and 2017, she served as head of the United Front Work Department of the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party.

November 2021 lunar eclipse

A partial lunar eclipse took place on Friday, 19 November 2021. This was the longest partial lunar eclipse since 1440, and the longest until 2669; however, many eclipses, including the upcoming November 2022 lunar eclipse will have a longer period of umbral contact at next to 3 hours 40 minutes.

In northern and western Europe and the westernmost parts of Africa, the first phases of the eclipse was visible, as the moon set below the horizon on the morning of Friday, 19 November 2021. 

The Islands (2019 movie)

The Islands is a 2019 feature movie. It was produced by Timothy A. Chey. The movie is based on the life of Chiefess Kapi'olani of Hawai'i.

Kapi’olani was a young woman of Hawaiian royalty. In 1821, American missionaries taught her Christianity. Over time, she accepts it. The local religion had a tradition. The goddess Pe’le required a human sacrifice. One of the Americans, Hiram Bingham, offered himself in place of a local. Noting Bingham's faith and courage, Kapi’olani decided to prove her faith in her new religion. To do so, she defied local tradition. 
She walked to Pe’le's volcano at Kilauea. She said a Christian prayer. Then she walked down into the volcano's main vent. She did not die. She became a powerful leader. She converts her people to Christianity.

Kapi’olani was one of the first Hawaiians to learn to read and write. She was the first Hawaiian to build a church. 

Teuira Shanti Napa as Kapi’olani <br>
Mira Sorvino as Mary Thornton <br>
Ricky Sua’ava as Alika Kalawaia <br>
John Savage as Henry Thornton <br>
Michael Camp as Hiram Bingham <br>
Malia Marquez as Kanoa Palakiko<br>

Timothy A. Chey

Rover Rain

PG 13

The critical reception was mixed but mostly positive. David Jackson of Newswire wrote, "The Islands is a Landmark Piece in the World of Cinema," and called it "a true work of cinematic brilliance". And Umar Saeed wrote, "This story is perfect for all ages and ideal for group and family entertainment too." Marketwatch, on the other hand, found the plot not well carried out and the acting below par.

Hawaii Film Critics Society 2020
Nominated for Best Hawaii Film. Did not win.

Art LaFleur

Art LaFleur (September 9, 1943 – November 17, 2021) was an American actor. His career began in 1978. He was born in Gary, Indiana. LaFleur was known for his roles as Chick Gandil in "Field of Dreams" (1989), the Ghost of Babe Ruth in "The Sandlot" (1993) and as the Tooth Fairy in "The Santa Clause 2" and "The Santa Clause 3".

LaFleur died on November 17, 2021 under hospice care in Los Angeles, California from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 78.

Kevin Pollak

Kevin Elliot Pollak (born October 30, 1957) is an American actor, comedian and podcast host. He is known for his roles Sam Weinberg in Rob Reiner's legal movie "A Few Good Men", Jacob Goldman in "Grumpy Old Men" and its sequel "Grumpier Old Men"; Todd Hockney in "The Usual Suspects", Phillip Green in Martin Scorsese's "Casino", and Bobby Chicago in "End of Days".

Grumpy Old Men

Grumpy Old Men or grumpy old man may refer to:


Coefficient of restitution

The coefficient of restitution (COR, also denoted by e), is the ratio of the final to initial relative speed between two objects after they collide. It is also defined as the ratio velocity of separation to velocity of approach.

The value is almost always equal to 1or less than 1 due to initial translational kinetic energy being lost to rotational kinetic energy, plastic deformation, and heat. Mathematically

Coefficient of restitution (e)= Velocity of separation/Velocity of approach. Coefficient of restitution is always =1<1. Coefficient of restitution was postulated and developed by Sir Isaac Newton.

e is mostly a positive, real number between 0 and 1:

"e" = 0: This is known as perfectly "inelastic" collision. It implies that kinetic energy along the common normal is 0. Kinetic energy is converted to heat or work done in deforming the objects.

0 < "e" < 1: This is a "inelastic" collision, in which some kinetic energy is dissipated. It can also achieve both in practical and in mathematical calculation.

Sexual maturity

sexual maturity is the capability and genetic function of all organisms to reproduce and grow to their full stages of sexual reproduction, to produce offspring and populate their respective species. it all starts when an organism gets older and more hormonal signals are charged thus causing a whole lot of change in the physiology of the organism size, age and reproductive organs.

sexual maturity in mammals is when an adult or fully grown up animal has reach the full growth of their sex organs and when they get older and their bodies to produce more hormones, it first start off when a juvenile reaches signs of puberty having pubic hair, deep voice and the capability to breastfeed offspring through sucking of a females breast or mammary gland and the capability for males to ejaculate and have sexual intercourse . this goes with all mammals. some mammals either have the capability to reproduce and be infertile, all the information about sexual maturity and fertilization all rely on DNA, genetics and mutation.

plants sexual maturity is when the plant now sends hormonal signals to the shoot apex (a terminal bud that grows 0.1 to 1.0 mm that contains the apical meristem, which develops l leaves and the surrounding leaf primordial) which helps in stimulation the sexual reproduction and development. the factors that contribute to a plants sexual maturity is age, size, ecology, environment, exposure to the sun, their competition, their temperature and nutrients. they can also spread pollen filled with sperm cells that can be picked up by insects that ingest the nectar of the flower they are on like bees

The anatomy of sexual maturity is categorized by the elongation of the penis on the male and the development of the mammary glands and the breasts on the female as well as the fact that now, fully grown adult males can now ejaculate and that fully grown adult females can now breastfeed offspring and give birth, females will also be on their periods (menstruation) which causes bleeding of the uterus. after sexual maturity, there will appear 1 out of roughly 300,000-400,000 fertilization egg only around 300-400 eggs are ovulated during sexual intercourse, the male will ejaculate thus sperm will enter the females vagina and then insert themselves in the fertilization egg thus turning into a fetus overtime and after 7-9months,the fetus then turns into a fully grown infant.

there are many Species that can develop and form Eggs that contain the placenta inside which then helps the offspring develop inside the egg 20 0r 21 eggs in bird species such as poultry or waterfowl. in other species like insects and marine life, the animal can produce a random amount of eggs oftentimes more than one. It is oftentimes that eggs of certain marine species have a slim chance of survival, probabilities being 1 in 500 that an egg hatches and grows into a fledged out adult specimen.


The Murder Man

The Murder Man is a 1935 American crime drama movie directed by Tim Whelan and starring Spencer Tracy, Virginia Bruce, Lionel Atwill, Harvey Stephens, Robert Barrat, James Stewart, William Collier, Sr., William Demarest, George Chandler, Robert Warwick. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Girl Shy

Girl Shy is a 1924 American silent romantic comedy movie directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and Sam Taylor. It stars Harold Lloyd, Richard Daniels, Jobyna Ralston, Carlton Griffin, Nola Luxford, William Orlamond, Gus Leonard.


Stelios Kympouropoulos

Stelios Kympouropoulos () is a Greek psychiatrist and politician. He was a member of the New Democracy party. He is a Member of the European Parliament since the 2019 elections.

Tatjana Ždanoka

Tatjana Ždanoka (, "Tatyana Arkadyevna Zhdanok", born May 8, 1950) is a Latvian politician. She is a Member of the European Parliament for Latvia since 2019. She is co-chairwoman of the Latvian Russian Union.

Antanas Guoga

Antanas Guoga (born 17 December 1973), more commonly known as Tony G, is a Lithuanian businessman, poker player, politician and philanthropist. In November 2020, Antanas was elected to the Seimas.

During 2014–2019 he was a Member of the European Parliament for the Liberal Movement, and from 2016 for the European Peoples Party.

Roberta Metsola

Roberta Metsola Tedesco Triccas (born 18 January 1979) is a Maltese politician. Metsola is the 17th and current President of the European Parliament since 2022. She is a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) representing Malta since 2013. 

On 11 January 2022, Metsola became the Acting President of the European Parliament after the death of David Sassoli. She was officially elected president on 18 January 2022 by the European Parliament, becoming the first Maltese person, youngest person at aged 43 and the first woman since 2002 to be elected to the presidency.

Marisa Matias

Marisa Isabel dos Santos Matias (born 20 February 1976) is a Portuguese sociologist and politician. She is a Member of the European Parliament, elected for the first time in 2009. Between 2010 and 2016 she was Vice-President of the Party of the European Left.

In November 2015, Matias announced her candidacy for President of Portugal in the 2016 elections, representing the Left Bloc party. She was also a candidate for Left Bloc in the 2021 Portuguese presidential election in which she came 5th, with 3.95% of the vote.


Viviane Reding

Viviane Adélaïde Reding (born 27 April 1951) is a Luxembourgish politician. She was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Luxembourg. She is a member of the Christian Social People's Party.

She was European Commissioner for Education and Culture from 1999 to 2004, European Commissioner for Information Society and Media from 2004 to 2010 and European Commissioner for Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship from 2010 to 2014.

On 27 November 2009, she was elevated in the "Barroso II Commission" to Vice-President responsible for Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship. 

Tanja Fajon

Tanja Fajon (; born May 9, 1971) is a Slovenian politician. She was the leader of Social Democrats. She has served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs in the government of Prime Minister Robert Golob since 1 June 2022. She was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Slovenia from 2009 until 2022.

She is currently a head of the Slovenian delegation within the political group of Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats.

Lojze Peterle

Alojz "Lojze" Peterle (born 5 July 1948) is a Slovenian politician. He is a member of New Slovenia. He was Prime Minister of Slovenia from 1990 to 1992 and Leader of the Christian Democrats from the founding of the party in 1990 until 2000. 

He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1993 to 1994 and again in 2000. He was a Member of the National Assembly from 1996 to 2004, and a Member of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2019.

Valery Garkalin

Valery Borisovich Garkalin (; 11 April 1954 – 20 November 2021) was a Soviet-born Russian actor and academic. He was known for his roles in "Katala", "Tsar Ivan the Terrible" and "Shirli-myrli". He was born in Moscow. His career began in 1978. Garkalin was honored with the People's Artist of the Russian Federation in 2008. He was a professor at the Russian Institute of Theatre Arts.

Garkalin died on 20 November 2021 at a hospital in Moscow from respiratory failure caused by COVID-19, aged 67.

Esther Morales

Esther Morales Ayma de Willacarani (13 November 1949 – 16 August 2020) was a Bolivian businesswoman. In 2006, she was made First Lady of Bolivia by her younger brother, then-President of Bolivia Evo Morales, who was unmarried.

Morales died from problems caused by COVID-19 on 16 August 2020, at a Oruro, Bolivia hospital at the age of 70.

Marcos Ferrufino

Marcos Rodolfo Ferrufino Pérez (25 April 1963 – 25 June 2021) was a Bolivian football manager and player. He played as a defender. He played for the Bolivia national football team, making nine appearances between 1989 until 1991.

Ferrufino died on 25 June 2021 aged 58 in his hometown Oruro from COVID-19 amid the COVID-19 pandemic in Bolivia.

Themie Thomai

Themie Thomai Prifti (October 31, 1945 – December 19, 2020) was an Albanian politician. She was a member of the Albanian Party of Labour. She was a Minister of Agriculture from 1975 to 1989.

Thomai died on December 19, 2020 in Tirana, Albania from COVID-19, aged 75.

Cristopher Mansilla

Cristopher Javier Mansilla Almonacid (24 May 1990 – 10 May 2021) was a Chilean track and road cyclist. He competed at the 2012 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

He died of COVID-19 on 10 May 2021, at age 30 in Puerto Natales during the COVID-19 pandemic in Chile.

Broadway (1942 movie)

Broadway is a 1942 American crime drama movie directed by William A. Seiter and is the second version of the 1926 play of the same name. It stars George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Janet Blair, Broderick Crawford, Marjorie Rambeau, Anne Gwynne, Edward Brophy, Gus Schilling, Arthur Shields, Iris Adrian and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

John Osmers

John Robert Osmers (23 February 1935 – 16 June 2021) was a New Zealand anti-apartheid activist. He was Anglican Bishop of Eastern Zambia from 1995 to 2002. He was born in Ashburton, New Zealand.

Osmers died in Lusaka, Zambia on 16 June 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 86.

Alexander (Ishchein)

Archbishop Alexander (; June 13, 1952 – June 10, 2021) was an Azerbaijani prelate. He was the archbishop of Russian Orthodox diocese of Baku and Azerbaijan from 1999 until his death in 2021.

He died on June 10, 2021 from COVID-19 in Baku, Azerbaijan.

Dave Peacock (musician)

David Victor Peacock (born 24 May 1945) is an English rock pop singer and bass guitarist. Peacock is best known as having been one half of the English musical duo Chas & Dave between 1974 and the death of Chas Hodges in 2018.

Kilusang Bagong Lipunan

The Kilusang Bagong Lipunan (lit. translated to New Society Movement) also known as the New Society Movement of United Nationalists, Liberals, et cetera. was formed in 1978 as an umbrella of coalitions of mostly right-wing (although some of the party factions leaned towards the left) party factions in the Philippines. It was known to be the political party of Ferdinand Marcos, as it became the ruling party when Marcos founded it in 1978 in the 1978 Philippine Elections. 

The New Society Movement (, KBL), formerly named the New Society Movement of United Nationalists, Liberals, et cetera (, KBLNNL), is a right-wing to far right political party in the Philippines. It was first formed in 1978 as an umbrella coalition of parties supporting then-President Ferdinand E. Marcos for the Interim "Batasang Pambansa" (National Assembly) and was his political vehicle during his regime. It was reorganized as a political party in 1986, as the party furthest to the right of the political spectrum among the active parties after Marcos' ouster.

Its status is unknown, since the EDSA Revolution began in 1986 that forced Marcos to resign from power. Imelda Marcos used to have one seat for the party in the House of Representatives, until 2019.
It has endorsed and has once attempted nominated Bongbong Marcos in the 2022 presidential elections.

During its establishment, Marcos advocated a form of "constitutional authoritarianism" as he seen it in his rhetoric as necessary to reform society and establish a new society under his authority.

Judy Justice

Judy Justice is an American streaming reality court show. It is a spin-off of the courtroom series "Judge Judy". It is presided over by former Manhattan Family Court Judge Judith Sheindlin. The show features Sheindlin deciding real-life small-claims disputes in a simulated courtroom set. Before starting, all the people involved sign arbitration contracts agreeing to Sheindlin's decision.

Egmating

Egmating is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg in Germany. It is a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Glonn.

Egmating is in the Munich region. It includes one traditional rural land unit – "Gemarkung" in German – also called Egmating.

Emmering, Ebersberg

Emmering is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg. It is a member of the administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft") of Aßling.

Emmering is in the Munich region. It includes one traditional rural land unit – "Gemarkung" in German – also called Emmering.

Forstinning

Forstinning is a community in the district of Ebersberg in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Forstinning is in the Munich region in the north of the Ebersberg district and on the northern edge of the Munich "Schotterebene" (a sandur) and the Ebersberg Forest. Neighbouring municipalities and unincorporated areas bordering the community are, clockwise beginning with those also in the Ebersberg district, Hohenlinden, the Ebersberg Forest (unincorporated), Anzing and Markt Schwaben, and continuing with those in the Erding district, Ottenhofen, Pastetten and Forstern.

Forstinning has only one traditional rural land unit – "Gemarkung" in German – also called Forstinning. Forstinning's constituent communities include Aich, Aitersteinering, Berg, Köckmühle, Kressiermühle, Moos, Neupullach, Niederried, Salzburg, Schußmühle, Schwaberwegen, Sempt, Siegstätt, Steffelmühle, Wagmühle, Wind and Wolfmühle.


Frauenneuharting

Frauenneuharting is a community in the district of Ebersberg in Upper Bavaria and a member of the administrative community of Aßling.

Frauenneuharting is in the Munich planning region.


Glonn

Glonn is a market town in the Ebersberg district in Upper Bavaria, Germany, about southeast of Munich.

The market town of Glonn is a health spa ("Erholungsort"), and the Glonn Valley is ringed by wooded hills, carved by the former Inn Glacier. To the south, the Alps are clearly visible on the horizon.

The rivers Glonn, and Schrannenbach rise within Glonn's municipal area, where the lake Kastensee is also to be found. Just inside the neighbouring community of Moosach finds the Steinsee, another lake. Glonn is also home to three protected areas.

Glonn's immediate neighbours are the communities of Baiern, Bruck, Egmating, Moosach and Oberpframmern, which together with Glonn form an administrative community ("Verwaltungsgemeinschaft").

The town of Grafing and the centres of Kirchseeon, Zorneding and Höhenkirchen-Siegertsbrunn are about 15 km away. Nevertheless, it is there that regional and long-distance rail service is to be found.

Glonn is about 30 km from the cities of Munich and Rosenheim.



Grafing

Grafing bei München (officially: Grafing b.München) is a town in the district of Ebersberg, Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Grafing is in the Munich Region, about southeast of the state capital, where the Urtelbach and Wieshamer Bach both empty into the Attel River. The distance is roughly the same to Rosenheim and Wasserburg am Inn. Nearby municipalities are the district capital Ebersberg about to the north, Glonn and Kirchseeon. 

The town has the following traditional rural land units ("Gemarkungen" in German): Elkofen, Grafing b.München, Nettelkofen, Oexing and Straußdorf.

Grafing station, which is to the west of the town, has access to the Munich S-Bahn network, as well as to Regional-Express and Regionalbahn trains of the national Deutsche Bahn railway company on the Munich–Salzburg railway line opened in 1870. Here the "Filzenexpress" line branches off to Wasserburg, served by SüdostBayernBahn trains. There is also a station called "Grafing Stadt" in the town, which is served by the S-Bahn.

Grafing is twinned with:




Hohenlinden

Hohenlinden (meaning "high linden trees"; colloquially: "Linden"; in the Bavarian dialect: "Hea-lin") is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg. The city of Lynden, Washington is named after it, as is Linden, Alabama. Hohenlinden is also the subject of an by Thomas Campbell.

Hohenlinden is in the Munich Planning Region roughly 35 km east of Munich.

Hohenlinden has the following traditional rural land units ("Gemarkungen" in German): Ebersberger Forst and Hohenlinden.


Kirchseeon

Kirchseeon is a market town in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg and is 15 km east of Munich city limits.

The nearest communities are Grafing and Ebersberg. The Bavarian capital, Munich, can be reached by S-Bahn (line S4), which runs over the Munich–Salzburg line. Rosenheim and Wasserburg am Inn are each about 25 km away.


Markt Schwaben

Markt Schwaben is a town in Bavaria, Germany. It is about 23 km east of Munich on the northern edge of the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg. Neighbouring communities are Anzing, Forstinning, Pliening and Poing, (all in Ebersberg district) as well as Finsing, Ottenhofen and Pastetten (all in Erding district).

Through the town flows the Hennigbach, into which empties the Gigginger Bach southwest of Markt Schwaben. The River Sempt flows by to the east. The highest point in town is in the Wittelsbacher Höhe (heights) on the town's southern outskirts, which forms part of an alpine terminal moraine. Also in the south is the sport centre with its bathing pond. North of the railway tracks is the Burgerfeld new town with its theatre hall, more housing estates and several commercial-industrial areas. The castle with the town hall, the marketplace and St. Margaret's Church are downtown, and the school centre somewhat southwest of there.



Moosach

Moosach is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (administrative community) of Glonn.

The community is in a picturesque setting in an ice-age moraine landscape about 500 m in elevation and lends itself well to hiking. In the heights of the moraine that ring the town are lakes, among them the Steinsee, a bathing lake also favoured by visitors from Munich. Somewhat farther away is the Kitzlsee, a protected landscape.

Moosach comprises a number of surrounding hamlets and lone homesteads such as Falkenberg (with a stable and a beergarden), Baumhau, Altenburg and Berghofen.

Oberpframmern

Oberpframmern is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg and a member of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (administrative community) of Glonn. It is about 24 kilometres southeast of Munich.

Oberpframmern is in the Munich Region. It has only one traditional rural land unit ("Gemarkung" in German), also called Oberpframmern.


Pliening

Pliening is a community east of Munich in the northwest of the district of Ebersberg in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Upper Bavaria, Germany. In the local dialect, the name is pronounced "Pleaning". It has flourished in recent decades, partly as a commuter base for Munich, placed some 20 km to the west. The official population level had reached 5,263 by 2006.

The community of Pliening contains of the main centres of Pliening, Gelting, Landsham, Landsham-Moos and Ottersberg as well as the hamlets and uninhabited places of Geltinger Au, Unterspann, Gigging, Gerharding and Erlmühle.



Poing, Bavaria

Poing is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg, being east of central Munich.

Poing is about NE of Munich and is serviced by the Munich S-Bahn (S2) and MVV Bus systems. Poing has two
constituent communities named Angelbrechting and Grub. Poing is bordered on the east by Anzing and
Markt Schwaben, Pliening in the North, Kirchheim to the West and Parsdorf to the South.


Anello di Lierna

The Circle of Leonardo da Vinci or the Anello di Lierna (in English the "Ring of Lierna") is a footpath and popular hiking trail in the Lombardy region of Italy. It is located on the eastern side of Lake Como. The trail is in the shape of a ring and starts and ends near the town of Lierna. The entrance to the trail is from the Sentiero del Viandante, a longer hiking trail that extends from the Province of Lecco to the Province of Sondrio. The Anello di Lierna is about long.

The trail goes into the mountains behind Lierna. They are known as the "Alpe di Lierna". It also passes a small church dedicated to Saint Peter. Its name in Italian is "Chiesetta di San Pietro".



Yael Mahler

Yael Mahler (born December 12, 1982 in Israel) is an Israeli dancer, threatre actress, and percussionist. She has performed in shows around the world, including in Israel and at Off-Broadway in New York City.

Yael Mahler was born in Israel. Starting at the age of three, she trained in various music and dance genres, including classical ballet, jazz, hip-hop, and contemporary.

At the age of 17, Mahler joined Mayumana, an Israeli dance and drumming company, as its youngest dancer. Mahler toured with Mayumana for over 10 years.

Other than jazz and ballet, Mahler also focuses on dance genres such as belly dancing, African, Samba, and Zumba.

In 2007, Mahler acted in a theatre act, "Be," produced by Mayumana. The show was first performed at Off-Broadway's Union Square Theatre on February 23, 2007.

Mahler is also a percussionist. She has performed with Israeli artists Harel Shachal, Mosh Ben-Ari, Din-Din Aviv, among others.


30 (album)

30 is the fourth studio album by English singer-songwriter Adele. It was released 19 November 2021 through Melted Stone and Columbia Records.

Adele explained the album should have been released in 2020 but was postponed because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The cover depicts Adele facing to the right in front of an emerald-green background.

"30" debuted at number one in the US with 839,000 copies consumed in its first week, the highest-selling first week of 2021. It also entered at number one in the UK.

Lengths from iTunes metadata. Credits from Target exclusive album booklet.

Lake St. Louis, Missouri

Lake St. Louis is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

New Melle, Missouri

New Melle is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

O'Fallon, Missouri

O'Fallon is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

Portage Des Sioux, Missouri

Portage Des Sioux is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

St. Paul, Missouri

St. Paul is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

St. Peters, Missouri

St. Peters is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

Weldon Spring, Missouri

Weldon Spring is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

As of the 2020 U.S. Census, they had a population of 5,326.

West Alton, Missouri

West Alton is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States.

Isidore Laurent Deroy

Isidore Laurent Deroy, named also Isidore-Laurent Deroy, Isidore Deroy, Laurent Deroy (14 April 1797 – 25 November 1886) was an french painter from France.

He was a pupil of Félix Vallotton and Louis François Cassas, by whom he was deeply influenced, specializing as a painter, watercolorist and lithographer.

Together with André Chapuy and Louis Le Breton he was the author of numerous series of views of the places they considered the most beautiful in the world.
Son of Jacques Deroy and Aimée Madeleine Pertuisot, Isidore Laurent Deroy was a pupil of the architect Félix and the painter Louis-François Cassas. He made a lot of descriptions and he is the author of a considerable body of work. We owe him French landscapes and animals, drawn, for the most part, in sepia.

Some of his work was featured in the galleries of the Duchess of Berry and Duke of Orléans. Deroy, who signed his paintings, exhibited at the Salons of 1810, 1812, 1819, 1822 and 1827.He obtained a 3rd class medal at the Salon du Louvre in 1836 as a lithographer.

He created in 1860 with the Becquet brothers the series "France in Miniature".

A tireless lithographer, he reproduced various subjects for the "Amateur's Museum", and published countless views. He went to paint on Lake Como in Lierna, thanks to the friendship of a noble family who had possessions there by the lake.

His sons Émile and Auguste Victor are his pupils.

He died on November 25, 1886 at his Parisian home at 12, rue du Pré-aux-Clercs, widower of his wife Héloise Villain.




Jadakiss

Jason Terrance Phillips known by his stage name Jadakiss, (born May 27, 1975) is an American rapper. Jadakiss joined the rap group The Lox in 1994, which became popular in 1997. In 1999, Jadakiss joined the Ruff Ryders as well.

Studio albums

Collaboration albums

Intel 8086

The Intel 8086 is a 16-bit microprocessor of the late 1970s. It was the precessor of the Intel 8088, which was a popular processor in the 1980s. The design is based on the architecture of the 8080 and 8085, which were 8 bit processors Intel made in the 1970s. The 8086 lacks a few functions, which had to be added with external chips. It also lacks the ability to do floating-point calculations. This was commonly added with the 8087 chip. The IBM PC, released in the 1980s, used an 8088 chip. Amstrad built clones, which used the 8086 chip.

Aliso Viejo, California

Aliso Viejo is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Buena Park, California

Buena Park is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Dana Point, California

Dana Point is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

La Habra, California

La Habra is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

La Palma, California

La Palma is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Rancho Santa Margarita, California

Rancho Santa Margarita is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Stanton, California

Stanton is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Villa Park, California

Villa Park is a city in Orange County, California, United States.

Nashville metropolitan area

The Nashville metropolitan area (officially, the Nashville-Davidson–Murfreesboro–Franklin, TN Metropolitan Statistical Area) is a metropolitan statistical area centered around Nashville, Tennessee, the capital and largest city in Tennessee, in the United States. With a population of nearly 2 million, it is the most populous metropolitan area in Tennessee. It is also the largest metropolitan area in Tennessee, in terms of land area.

Sunnfjord (municipality)

Sunnfjord is a municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is in the traditional district of Sunnfjord. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Førde. Other villages in the municipality include Naustdal, Sande, Vassenden, and Skei.


Radical surgery

Radical surgery, also called radical dissection, is a surgery that is more extensive than "conservative" surgery in somewhat manner. 

When it comes to surgical oncology, radical surgery is surgery involve removing both a tumor and any metastases for diagnostic motive or treatment purposes. It implies that it consists removal of a tumor or mass and ancillary lymph nodes that may drain the mass, as in radical mastectomy. 
Whilst in histopathology, radicality of tumor excisions is defined as the absence of tumor cells in a certain resection margin, with the specific margin width varying by tumor type and local guidelines.

Immunohistochemistry

Immunohistochemistry (IHC) it involves the process of selectively identifying antigens in cells of a tissue section by exploiting the principle of antibodies binding specifically to antigens in biological tissues. IHC takes its name from the roots "immuno", which simply means antibodies used in the procedure, and "histo", means. Immunohistochemistry was been conceptualized by Albert Coons. 
This involve proper tissue collection, fixation and sectioning. A solution of formalin is often used to fix tissue, but other methods may also be used.

Chungkingosaurus

Chungkingosaurus, meaning "Chongqing Lizard", is a herbivorous dinosaur from the Upper Jurassic Shaximiao Formation in what is now China. It is a member of the Stegosauria.

It was one of the smallest stegosaurs with a length of less than four metres, but it was apparently an adult, judging by the ossification of the sacrum.

At first, all of the stegosaurs came from the Lower Cretaceous, but this one is earlier. It seems obvious that the plates were used as defence, but temperature regulation and mate attraction have been proposed. 

Clarksville, New Hampshire

Clarksville is a town in Coös County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 294 people lived there.


Charlestown, New Hampshire

Charlestown is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 4,806 people lived there.


Public bookcase

A public bookcase (also called a book exchange, a free library or a street library) is a box or cupboard with books in it that everyone can get to. People often put a book they have finished reading into the bookcase, and then take a book out of the bookcase to read instead. People can also take books from the bookcase without giving a book if they have no books to give. Public bookcases are often along sidewalks, in public buildings or in people's gardens near the sidewalk.

John Bedford Lloyd

John Bedford Lloyd (born January 2, 1956) was an American character actor.

Lloyd was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the son of Ann Storrs Lloyd and Edward B. Lloyd of Southport, Connecticut. His father was an architect.
He has a sister, Susan Storrs Lloyd, and a brother, Thomas Bedford Lloyd. Thomas was married to Susan DeLong Ball.

While studying at Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, he was cast in the play "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", and decided to become a professional actor.

He later attended Yale School of Drama. After graduating, he moved to Manhattan and began his professional acting career on the stage. He has appeared in movies such as "Trading Places", "Crossing Delancey", "Philadelphia", "Fair Game", "The Bourne Supremacy", "", "The Front Runner" and in TV series such as "Hometown", "Law & Order", "Aliens in the Family, John Adams, and Ozark".

He married actress Anne Twomey on August 23, 1986. The couple have two daughters, Hannah and Elizabeth.

Steinhöring

Steinhöring is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg.

Steinhöring is in the Munich Region. It lies in the south-east of the "Ebersberger Forst" (forest) which is one of the largest continuous area of woodlands in Germany.

It includes two traditional rural land units ("Gemarkungen" in German) named Sankt Christoph and Steinhöring.

Neighbouring communities are Ebersberg, Hohenlinden and Frauenneuharting.

Steinhöring is divided into many boroughs:

"Sankt Christoph" and "Tulling"; "Abersdorf, Berg, Endorf, Hintsberg, Schützen "und" Sensau;" the hamlets "Aschau, Au, Dichtlmühle, Dietmering, Elchering, Etzenberg, Graben, Höhenberg, Holzhäusln, Kraiß, Niederaltmannsberg, Oberseifsieden, Ötzmann, Rupertsdorf, Schechen, Sprinzenöd, Unterseifsieden, Wall, Welling, Winkl" and "Zaißing" as well as the housing-groups of "Blöckl, Buchschechen, Helletsgaden, Hofstett, Hub, Lehen, Lieging, Mayrhof, Meiletskirchen, Neuhardsberg, Oed, Oelmühle, Ranhartsberg, Salzburg, Schätzl, Schweig, Stinau, Thailing, Untermeierhof" and "Winkl b. Sankt Christoph."


Vaterstetten

Vaterstetten is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg. It is east of Munich and is the district's biggest community. Vaterstetten is on the outskirts of Munich, about twenty minutes by S-Bahn from Marienplatz.

Vaterstetten borders in the north on the community of Poing, in the northeast on the community of Anzing, in the east on the unincorporated area of the Ebersberg Forest ("Ebersberger Forst"), in the southeast on the community of Zorneding (all in Ebersberg district), in the southwest on the community of Grasbrunn, and in the west on the communities of Haar and Feldkirchen (all three in Munich district).

The community conttains of the constituent centres of Baldham, Hergolding, Neufarn, Parsdorf, Purfing, Vaterstetten and Weißenfeld.


William the Lion

William I, known as the Lion (1142 - 4 December 1214) was King of Scotland from 1165 until 1214. His time as ruler was one of the longest in Scottish history, he submitted to Henry II from 1174 until 1189, when he paid Richard I a sum of money to stop him submitting.

Portuguese Communist Party

The Portuguese Communist Party is a communist, Marxist–Leninist political party in Portugal based upon democratic centralism. The party is characterized as being between the left-wing and far-left on the political spectrum.

The Party was founded in 1921, establishing contacts with the Comintern in 1922. PCP was made illegal after a fascist coup in the late 1920s, the PCP played a major role in the opposition to the dictatorial regime of António de Oliveira Salazar. During the five-decades-long dictatorship, the party was constantly suppressed by the political police, which forced its members to live in clandestine status under the threat of arrest, torture, and murder. After the Carnation Revolution in 1974, which overthrew the 48-year regime, the 36 members of party's Central Committee had, in the aggregate, experienced more than 300 years in jail.

After the end of the dictatorship, the party became a major political force of the new democratic regime. One of its goals, according to the party is to maintain its "vanguard role in the service of the class interests of the workers". The PCP is the fourth largest in the Portuguese Assembly of the Republic, where it holds 10 of the 230 assembly seats.

The Party publishes the weekly "Avante!", founded in 1931. Its youth organization is the Portuguese Communist Youth, a member of the World Federation of Democratic Youth.

Vanguardism

In the context of the theory of Leninist revolutionary struggle, vanguardism involves a strategy whereby the most class-conscious and politically "advanced" sections of the proletariat or working class, described as the revolutionary vanguard, form organizations in order to draw larger sections of the working class towards revolutionary politics and serve as manifestations of proletarian political power opposed to the bourgeois.

Duncan I

Donnchada mac Crinain (Modern Gaelic: "Donnchadh mac Crionain"; 14 June 1001 — 14 August 1040) often known as Duncan I and nicknamed the Fighter (Scottish Gaelic: "an Trodaiche") was the King of Scotland from 1035 until he was killed at the Battle of Pitgaveny in 1040. He was the son of Crínán of Dunkeld and Bethóc Ingen mac Maíl Coluim, the daughter of King Malcolm II. 

He succeded his grandfather in 1035 and ruled the kingdom effectively until in 1040 where he was killed by the forces of Macbeth, who became king. Duncan left behind three children. His oldest child, Malcolm, would kill Macbeth seventeen years later and became king as Malcolm III. His second son, Donald, would also became king as Donald III.

28 May coup

The 28 May 1926 coup d'état was a nationalist military coup in Portugal. The coup put an end to the unstable Portuguese First Republic and started 48 years of authoritarian rule in Portugal. The regime that immediately resulted from the coup, the Ditadura Nacional, would be later turn into the Estado Novo, which in turn would last until the Carnation Revolution in 1974. 

Zorneding

Zorneding is a community in district of Ebersberg, Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is placed some 20 km east of Munich, Bavaria’s capital.

In the northwest, Zorneding borders on the community of Vaterstetten, in the northeast on the unincorporated area of the Ebersberg Forest ("Ebersberger Forst"), in the east on Kirchseeon, in the south on Oberpframmern and in the southwest on Munich district.


Carnation Revolution

The Carnation Revolution, also known as the 25 April, was a coup on 25 April 1974 in Lisbon that overthrew the authoritarian Estado Novo regime, this caused social, economic, territorial, demographic and political changes through 1974 to 1975. Carnation Revolution resulted in the Portuguese transition to democracy and the end of the Portuguese Colonial War.

The revolution began as a coup organised by the Armed Forces Movement, made up of military officers who opposed the dictatorship regime, they also joined forces with an popular civil resistance movements in Portuguese colonies. By the end of 1974, Portuguese troops were withdrawn from Portuguese Guinea, which became a UN member state. This was followed by the independence of many Portuguese colonies. These events caused a mass exodus of Portuguese citizens from Portugal's former territories (mostly from Angola and Mozambique), creating over a million Portuguese refugees.

The carnation revolution got its name from the fact that almost no shots were fired and from restaurant worker Celeste Caeiro offering carnations to the soldiers when the population took to the streets to celebrate the end of the dictatorship, with other demonstrators following suit and carnations placed in the muzzles of guns and on the soldiers' uniforms. In Portugal, 25 April is a national holiday (, Freedom Day) that commemorates the revolution.

Adelschlag

Adelschlag is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Altmannstein

Altmannstein is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Böhmfeld

Böhmfeld is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Buxheim

Buxheim is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Llywelyn the Last

Llywelyn the Last (1223 - 11 December 1282) was Prince of Wales from 1246 until 1282.

In 1282, near the town of Builth Wells, the Kingdom of Wales fought a battle against the English, in which Llywelyn was killed.

Denkendorf, Bavaria

Denkendorf is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Dollnstein

Dollnstein is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany. The name Dollnstein has its origins in Middle High German ""Tollunstein"".

Egweil

Egweil is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Eitensheim

Eitensheim is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt (district) in Bavaria in Germany.

Eitensheim is between Eichstätt and Ingolstadt, in Altmühl Valley Nature Park.

Following cities and communes are bordered on the commune Eitensheim:
Hitzhofen, Lippertshofen, Gaimersheim, Friedrichshofen, Buxheim and Tauberfeld.



Gaimersheim

Gaimersheim is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 7 km northwest of Ingolstadt.

Power Rangers Ninja Steel

Power Rangers Ninja Steel Is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2017. It aired from January 21 to December 1 2017-2018 44 episodes. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Shuriken Sentai Ninninger". It is the sequel to "Power Rangers Dino Charge". A sequel to it called "Power Rangers Beast Morphers" started in 2019-2020.

The second season and overall 24th season of Power Rangers, Power Rangers Super Ninja Steel started in 2018.

Galvanax is the reigning champion of "Galaxy Warriors", the most popular intergalactic TV game show in the universe where contestants from all over the universe battle to prove who is the galaxy's mightiest warrior. He has become determined to make himself invincible by controlling the mythical Ninja Nexus Prism, which contains the supernatural Ninja Nexus Star. Meanwhile, the Prism, flying through space, lands at the house of Master Dane Romero, who chips off old fragments of the Prism's metallic coating, creating the legendary Ninja Steel. When Galvanax came to Earth soon after, Master Dane Romero fought him to keep him from obtaining the Nexus Star and apparently sacrificed himself to thwart Galvanax's plan, while in the process separating the Nexus Star into six separate Ninja Power Stars, though Galvanax and his minions Madame Odius and Ripcon made off with his son Brody. Ten years later, an enslaved Brody escapes from Galvanax's ship with the Prism, the Power Stars, and fellow slaves Redbot and Mick Kanic and returns to Earth, descending into the city of Summer Cove where they meet high school students Preston Tien, Sarah Thompson, Calvin Maxwell and Hayley Foster who manage to retrieve the Power Stars from the Prism and morph into the Ninja Steel Power Rangers. Furious at the outcome, Galvanax sends his warrior contestants down to Earth to steal the Prism where each epic battle against the Rangers is broadcast throughout the universe. Together, the Rangers must master their arsenal of Power Stars, Mega Morph Cycles, and Zords, that are all made from the Ninja Steel, in order to stop this evil threat and save the Earth from descruction. During their battles, they gain a new addition to their team in the form of country singer Levi Weston, who received his own Power Star and became the Gold Ranger. He is later revealed to be Brody's long lost brother Aiden.

During the final battle against Galvanax, the Ninja Nexus Prism restores Brody's broken Red Ninja Power Star where it not only turns Mick into an alternate Red Ranger, but also restores Master Dane Romero. The Rangers are able to destroy Galvanax with the Ninja Nexus Prism going inactive, but Madame Odius survives the unexpected Ninja Steel mentor
attack on Galvanax's ship.

In "Power Rangers Super Ninja Steel", the heroine teens find themselves face-to-face with an old enemy when they discover the Madame Odius is still alive and is more determined than ever to steal the Ninja Nexus Prism and revive its powers for her life and she is a power ranger farious purposes with the assistance of Badonna, Brax, and General Tynamon. Now it is up to the Rangers and some unexpected help from new friends to use the power of teamwork to protect the Prism, defeat Madame Odius, and save the world.
Sledge and his crew from "Power Rangers Dino Charge" escape from a wormhole (due to events from the "Power Rangers Dino Super Charge" finale - "End of Extinction", thought they did not fade away from existence by the history alternation expect Fury and Curio after their past selves are destroyed, assumed there is a side effect from the wormhole that keep them from being erased.) thus arriving in the main dimension of the Power Rangers multiverse. After asteroid, which is covered in Ninja Super Steel, a metal even stronger than Ninja Steel. Instead Odius tricks him and gains the loyalty of a prisoner of his named Badonna, takes the Super Steel for herself, and gets the ship fixed regardless. Putting Galaxy Warriors back on the air, Odius, Badonna, and a new contestant named Smellephant attack Earth to revive the Ninja Nexus Prism and forge evil Ninja Stars and Super Steel. Thanks to prior warning from a returning Mick and using every trick up their sleeves, the former Rangers manage to claim the Super Steel and regain their powers, though much stronger than before.

With new and improved powers and gear, the Rangers protect the Ninja Power Stars from Odius and her Warrior contestants. In order to get an edge on them, Badonna books a ragtag team of Galactic Ninjas, intent on proving their superiority to the "Earth Ninjas". Odius hatches a plan to send the Galactic Ninjas into fatal battles in order to claim their Ninja Medallions for the creation of Foxatron, her own Zord. Foxatron destroys the Ninja Ultrazord, leaving the Rangers' Zord Stars burned and in no condition for use. Luckily, with the help of three mysterious cloaked figures, they are able to repair the Zord Stars and destroy Foxatron with their new Ninja Blaze Megazord, gained by proving to the
Prism, that they're kind at heart enough to be worthy of such power.

As revenge, Odius forms an alliance with Lord Draven, ruler of an evil dimension known as the Antiverse. The two plan to unite all dimensions into one and use an army of Robo Ranger clones to conquer them all. Fortunately, the Ninja Steel Rangers and a team of Legendary Rangers (including the three cloaked figures revealed to be Wes Collins, Gemma from RPM, and Koda from Dino Charge, as well as Tommy Oliver, Katherine Hillard, Rocky Desantos, Trent Fernandez-Mercer, T.J. Johnson, Antonio Garcia, and Gia Moran, all of whom escaped Draven's captivity) are able to destroy Draven and stop the merging of the dimensions.

After the fall of the Galactic Ninjas and Draven's demise, Odius continues to plot the Rangers' downfall, even as going as far as to trick the legendary Space Sheriff Skyfire into viewing the Rangers as thieves, while the sheriff was hunting a wanted criminal and demolitions expert named Blammo, who was a contestant on Galaxy Warriors at the time. Odius makes yet another deal, this time with General Tynamon, manager of a famous fighter named Brax. Tynamon is actually a small monster using a robot suit to look big, hoping Odius will grant him to grow big if he can get the Power Stars and destroy the Rangers. While he does succeed in testing out her mind control device and thus gaining Mick as an ally, the monster is only able to achieve his dream for a small amount of time, as he is destroyed the Rangers. For Odius however, losing Tynamon is meaningless as Mick an can help her launch her ultimate plan.

Mick promises to help her broadcast a signal which will mind control the whole planet. A monster named Gorrox disguises as a TV producer to get humans for her broadcast. The audition he holds causes Calvin and Hayley to argue and breakup, while, Victor and Monty are chosen for the role. Gorrox reveals himself and is destroyed along with a vengeful Brax, in battle with the Rangers. Unfortunately, they are unable to stop her as Odius now controls half the human race and has ambushed Summer Cove High. While Sarah and Hayley sneak onto the Warrior Dome to save a mind controlled Calvin, the Romero brothers and Preston watch a Odius turns the Nexus Prism evil and forges a Ninja Nexus Super Star, revealing she's wanted to control an army with the Prism's power for a thousand years. The three are then forced to fight Brody and Levi's father, whom was also mind controlled. Luckily, Hayley destroys the satellite and gets back together with a free Calvin. Odius' former human soldiers escape with Victor and Monty's help, leading to the destruction of to combat a seemingly unstoppable Odius, infuse themselves with the power of the Nexus Star with a little help from Preston's magic. Try as she may, Odius is no match for a whole team of those with equal powers to hers, falling in the final battle when the Rangers combine their Nexus Stars combined with the Nexus Power and bringing peace to Earth. Victor and Monty are rewarded for their bravery in helping to stop Odius while the Rangers return their powers to the Ninja Nexus Prism, which uses its power to reforge its Ninja Steel
crust and files off in search of another planet in need. With Mick remaining on Earth as their teacher (through remaining in contact with his family through satellite), the Rangers return to life as normal high school students, unware that Sledge and his crew are still alive elsewhere in space.

Later, Sledge and his crew return again in Christmas where they use the rebuilt Warrior Dome ship to start Poisandra's talk show. With help from Koda, the Blue Dino Charge Ranger and Santa Claus, Sledge and his crew along with his ship and reprogrammed Basher Bots are all destroyed this time for good. Afterwards, Koda invites the Ninja Steel Rangers back to his world to spend Christmas with him.




SNCF

The Société nationale des chemins de fer français ( ​]; abbreviated as SNCF ]; French for "French National Railway Company") is France's national state-owned railway company. Founded in 1938, it operates the country's national rail traffic along with Monaco, including the TGV, on France's high-speed rail network. Its functions include operation of railway services for passengers and freight (through its subsidiaries SNCF Voyageurs and Rail Logistics Europe), as well as maintenance and signalling of rail infrastructure (SNCF Réseau). The railway network consists of about 35,000 km (22,000 mi) of route, of which 2,600 km (1,600 mi) are high-speed lines and 14,500 km (9,000 mi) electrified. About 14,000 trains are operated daily.

In 2010 the SNCF was ranked 22nd in France and 214th globally on the Fortune Global 500 list. It is the main business of the SNCF Group, which in 2020 had €30 billion of sales in 120 countries. The SNCF Group employs more than 275,000 employees in France and around the world. Since July 2013, the SNCF Group headquarters are located in a Parisian suburb at 2 Place aux Étoiles in Saint-Denis. The president of SNCF Group has been Jean-Pierre Farandou since 2019.


Großmehring

Großmehring is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Hepberg

Hepberg is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Hitzhofen

Hitzhofen is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Kinding

Kinding is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Kipfenberg

Kipfenberg is a town and municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria, Germany. It is known for its hillside castle and fortress, and for being the geographical centre of Bavaria. The river Altmühl flows through the municipality and its market town of Kipfenberg.

Franz Widnmann (1846–1910), painter, graphic artist, and professor at the Royal School of Applied Arts in Munich, was born at Kipfenberg.

Kösching

Kösching is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Lenting

Lenting is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Mindelstetten

Mindelstetten is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Mörnsheim

Mörnsheim is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Gailach.

Valentinian II

Valentinian II (371 - 15 May 392) was Roman Emperor from 375 until 392 when he was discovered hanged in his room.

Semitic root

Semitic Root languages are characterized as a sequence of consonants or "radicals". 

A triliteral or triconsonantal root (Hebrew: שרש תלת-עצורי‎, "šoreš təlat-ʻiṣuri"; Arabic: جذر ثلاثي‎, "jiḏr ṯulāṯī"; Syriac: ܫܪܫܐ‎, "šeršā") is a root containing a sequence of three consonants. 

Nassenfels

Nassenfels is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberdolling

Oberdolling is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Pförring

Pförring is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Pollenfeld

Pollenfeld is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Districts: Pollenfeld with Wörmersdorf, Seuversholz with Ziegelhütte, Sornhüll with Götzelshard, Wachenzell with Ziegelhütte, Weigersdorf and Preith.

Pollenfeld is in the Ingolstadt region, 8 km (approx. 5 miles) north of the district seat ("Kreisstadt") of Eichstätt in the Franconian Jura mountains.

Schernfeld

Schernfeld is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Stammham, Eichstätt

Stammham is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Titting

Titting is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany. It is home to Brauerei Gutmann, which was founded in 1707.

Walting

Walting is a municipality and a village in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria, Germany.


Wellheim

Wellheim is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the so-called "Urdonautal", the valley the Danube used some 300,000 years ago on its way to the Black Sea. Today a little river, the Schutter flows through the village in the opposite direction (north-south vs. south-north). The community contains of 5 villages (Aicha, Hard, Gammersfeld, Biesenhard, Konstein and Wellheim) and has about 2800 residents. Today there is no industry at all but a wonderful landscape with a pure nature.


Wettstetten

Wettstetten is a municipality in the district of Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany.

Berglern

Berglern is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria,

Bockhorn, Bavaria

Bockhorn is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Buch am Buchrain

Buch am Buchrain is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Dorfen

Dorfen is a town in the district of Erding, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 50 km east of Munich and 29 km south of Landshut.

Dorfen is at the Munich-Mühldorf railway.


Eitting

Eitting is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Erding

Erding () is a town in Bavaria, Germany, and capital of the district Erding. It had a population of 36,469 in 2019.

The original Erdinger Weissbier is a well-known Bavarian specialty. 

Erding is around 31 kilometers northeast of central Munich, about a 30-minute drive by car.
Regular S-Bahn trains connect to Munich and beyond.

Finsing

Finsing is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Forstern

Forstern is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Fraunberg, Bavaria

Fraunberg is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Hohenpolding

Hohenpolding is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Inning am Holz

Inning am Holz is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Isen, Bavaria

Isen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Isen has once been home to a Benedictine abbey. The abbey was dissolved however during the secularisation in 1802 so only the St. Zeno Church remains today.

In 1946 Isen had a population of 1,631.

Kirchberg, Upper Bavaria

Kirchberg is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Langenpreising

Langenpreising is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Lengdorf

Lengdorf is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Moosinning

Moosinning is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuching

Neuching is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberding

Oberding (, ) is a municipality in the district of Erding in Upper Bavaria in Germany, and member of the same administrative community. Almost half of the area of Munich Airport, including both terminals, falls within the municipal bounds.

Oberding is in the Munich area in the middle of Erdinger Moos between the rivers Sempt and village. The village is about 6 km north-west of the county Erding, 17 km south of Freising and 36 km from the state capital Munich in the immediate sector of the Munich Airport.



For the construction of the Munich Airport landing paths of in 1992, the residents of Franz home were partially displaced by Schwaiger Moos. Much of the current airport site, including the terminals is located in the municipality. For the planned construction of the third take-off and landing strip another partial removal of moss Schwaiger is necessary.

The Middle-Isar-channel and the river village, both flow in about a north-south direction.


Ottenhofen

Ottenhofen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Pastetten

Pastetten is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany. It is a rural municipality in the south of the district. The town was founded about one thousand years ago along the road from Swabia to Erding.

Sankt Wolfgang

Sankt Wolfgang is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Steinkirchen

Steinkirchen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Taufkirchen (Vils)

Taufkirchen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Taufkirchen is the place of the Wasserschloss Taufkirchen, a moated castle over 700 years old.

Walpertskirchen

Walpertskirchen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Wartenberg, Bavaria

Wartenberg is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

Wörth, Upper Bavaria

Wörth is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.

2021 Chilean general election

In Chile, a general election was held on 21 November 2021, including presidential, parliamentary and regional elections. Voters elected the President of the Republic, 27 of 50 members of the Senate and all 155 members of the Chamber of Deputies in the National Congress. 

A second round was held on 19 December 2021 where Gabriel Boric was elected the 36th President after winning almost 56% of the vote. He will be the youngest president of Chile ever elected.

Cristina Peri Rossi

Cristina Peri Rossi (born 12 November 1941) is a Uruguayan novelist, poet, translator, and author. She has written more than 37 works. She is seen as an important writer during the Latin American Boom. She has worked for newspapers and media agencies such as "Diario 16", "El Periódico" and "Agencia EFE". 

Peri Rossi won the Miguel de Cervantes Prize in 2021. She was born in Montevideo, Uruguay.

Abbi Jacobson

Abbi Jacobson (born February 1, 1984) is an American comedian, writer, actress, illustrator and producer. She co-created and co-starred in the Comedy Central series "Broad City" (2014–2019). She also voiced Katie Mitchell in "The Mitchells vs. the Machines" (2021), Nya in "The Lego Ninjago Movie" (2017), and Princess Bean in the series "Disenchantment" (2018–present).

Jacobson is openly bisexual.

Emi Wada

Wada died on 13 November 2021, aged 84.

Úbeda

Úbeda (; from Iberian "Ibiut") is a town in the province of Jaén in Spain's autonomous community of Andalusia.

Waukesha parade attack

On November 21, 2021, at around 4:39 p.m. local time, a red Ford Escape sport utility vehicle broke through barricades and drove into the annual Christmas parade in Waukesha, Wisconsin, United States. This killed six people and injured more than 68 others. 

Waukesha police officers took the car and arrested a person. At least one officer fired their gun in an attempt to stop the SUV.

On October 26, 2022, Darrell Brooks, the driver of the SUV, was found guilty of all 76 charges against him. He was sentenced to six life sentences without parole.

Codex Sinaiticus

The Codex Sinaiticus, or "Sinai Bible", is one of the four great uncial codices, ancient, handwritten copies of a Christian Bible in Greek. The codex is an historical treasure. The codex is an Alexandrian text-type manuscript written in uncial letters on parchment and dated paleographically to the mid-4th century.

David L. Cohen

David L. Cohen (born 1955) is an American businessman, attorney and lobbyist. He is the United States Ambassador to Canada since 2021. He was the senior advisor to the CEO of Comcast Corporation. Until January 1, 2020, he was senior executive vice president and chief lobbyist for Comcast.

In July 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Cohen as the United States Ambassador to Canada. Cohen was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in a voice vote on November 2, 2021.

Operator

In mathematics, an operator is a function (like addition) that acts on one or more numbers to create a new number.

The most known operators are those used for the first four arithmetic operations: addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division (formula_1, formula_2, formula_3, formula_4).



Israeli Jews

An Israeli Jew is a Jew who lives in the state of Israel. Jews have been living in Israel ever since Moses led them to there. But over time they had been kicked out then let back. The modern term mostly refers to the Jews who moved to the Jewish holy land after the forming of the state in 1948. 

Israeli Jews live there because of Zionism in the 20th century.

Bruto Mazzolani

Bruto Mazzolani (born 1880 in Ferrara), italian naïve art painter.

Bruto Mazzolani was the son and pupil of Giuseppe Mazzolani, collaborator of Raffaele Casnedi, then went to Bologna to study at the Clementina Academy (Accademia di Belle Arti di Bologna), becoming a pupil of Domenico Ferri.
Mazzolani took part in various exhibitions in Milan, Bologna and Ferrara.

Mazzoleni often went to paint en plain air in the ancient village of Lierna on Lake Como, finding a light and an atmosphere that stimulated his artistic vein.

His works are present in the collections of numerous Milanese noble families.


Adelsdorf, Bavaria

Adelsdorf is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Adelsdorf is twinned with:



Aurachtal

Aurachtal is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Baiersdorf

Baiersdorf is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in northern Bavaria, Germany.

The major part of Baiersdorf is ideally on a terrace which preserves the town from being flooded by the close Regnitz river. It is exactly between Erlangen (eight kilometers in the south) and Forchheim (eight kilometers in the north).

Neighbor cities are Forchheim, Poxdorf, Langensendelbach, Bubenreuth, Möhrendorf and Hausen.

Baiersdorf contains 4 districts


Johann Jakob Falkeisen

Johann Jakob Falkeisen (born 1804 in Basel) is a swiss artist painter and engraver.

After studying in Paris, Falkeisen went to Milan to further his career as an artist and worked under Giovanni Migliara (1785-1837) and Louis Cherbuin (1810-1875) until 1838.
Falkeisen took the opportunity to travel to Bursa in 1843, visiting Athens and Constantinople, to work in his family’s silk factory which was being run by his brother, who was also the Austrian Consul for Bursa. 
The Falkeisen family bought the factory, together with Tasciyan, an Armenian dragoman from the British Embassy, from a French entrepreneur called M. Glaizal, who had started the enterprise in 1837. The Falkeisen factory was the first steam-powered silk-spinning factory in Bursa and manufactured silk thread.
Johann Falkeisen lived in Turkey until 1855 when the family factory was destroyed by fire as a result of an earthquake and he returned to Basel. He then joined the fledgling Kunstmuseum in Basel where he worked as a curator. 


Ugo Mazzolari

Ugo Mazzolari (born 1804 in Cremona) is an italian artist, painter but also pastelist and fresco painter.

Mazzolari learned to paint on his own, as a self-taught person, entering the Lombard school with his own characteristics. He worked mainly in Milan, his first known painting is a painting with peonies exhibited in Brera in 1900.

He painted above all landscapes, with a predilection for the lakes of Como and for the Aosta valley, but he also dealt with the theme of the figure, often inserted in countryside scenes.

Today his paintings are housed in the Martinengo gallery in Brescia "Primavera" and in the gallery of Modern Art in Milan "L’anello".

As a fresco painter he carried out works in Lombard churches, including those of Ripalta Cremasca and Intra.



Mazzolari's most famous work is "Lavandaie a Lierna, Lago di Como" and "Scorcio di lago a Lierna".


Bubenreuth

Bubenreuth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Bubenreuth is near the river Regnitz and ca. 4 kilometers north of Erlangen with which it's structurally connected. Neighboring towns are (from North clockwise) Baiersdorf, Langensendelbach, Marloffstein, Erlangen and Möhrendorf.

Buckenhof

Buckenhof is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Eckental

Eckental is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 14 km east of Erlangen, and 16 km northeast of Nuremberg. It contains 17 districts: Benzendorf, Brand, Brandermühle, Büg, Ebach, Eckenhaid, Eckenmühle, Eschenau, Forth, Frohnhof, Herpersdorf, Illhof, Marquardsburg, Mausgesees, Oberschöllenbach, Oedhof, and Unterschöllenbach.



Neunkirchen am Brand

Neunkirchen am Brand is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

There are the following districts (pop. statistics as of December 31, 2006):

Furthermore, there the farms Vogelhof, Erleinhof and Saarmühle.



Gräfenberg, Bavaria

Gräfenberg is a Franconian town in the district of Forchheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 16km southeast of Forchheim and 25km northeast of Nuremberg.

Gräfenberg is in the southern part of Little Switzerland.
The town is characterised by a great range of elevation (from 400 to 550 metres).
A brook, the Kalkach, flows through the town with a steep drop.

Gräfenberg is divided into 16 districts:

Heroldsberg

Heroldsberg is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is eleven kilometers north-east from the city of Nuremberg and 23 kilometers east from Erlangen and is the headquarters of Schwan-Stabilo.

It is in the Sebalder Reichswald, the forest north to Nuremberg and is on a ridge. The Gründlach, a side river of the Regnitz, flows through the village of Heroldsberg.

It contains Großgeschaidt, Kleingeschaidt and the villages of Heroldsberg, consisting of Heroldsberg, Johannisthal and Hundsmühle.

It is surrounded by Eckental, Lauf an der Pegnitz, Nuremberg and Kalchreuth.

Kalchreuth

Kalchreuth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 10 kilometers east of Erlangen and 15 kilometers north of Nuremberg and contains the villages of Kalchreuth, Käswasser and Röckenhof and also the hamlets of Stettenberg, Minderleinsmühle and Gabermühle.


Malian Football Federation

The Malian Football Federation (French:Fédération Malienne de Football) is the is the governing body of football in Mali. It is in charge of the men's and women´s national teams. The association was founded in 1960. It became member of the CAF (Confédération Africaine de Football) in 1963 and the FIFA (Fédération Internationale de Football Association ) in 1964.

Veitsbronn

Veitsbronn is a municipality in the district of Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

Ammerndorf

Ammerndorf is a municipality in the district of Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

It has 2192 residents.

Cadolzburg

Cadolzburg (outdated also "Kadolzburg", colloquially pronounced "Kalschbuʳch" or "Sporch" ) is a municipality in the Middle Franconian district of Fürth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is west of Fürth. Its name comes from its central castle, first being mentioned in the year 1157.

The topography varies significantly in its height.

Neighboring Municipalities are: 


Cadolzburg consists of the city itself and 15 farther districts:

Massimo d'Azeglio

Massimo Taparelli, Marquess of Azeglio (24 October 1798 – 15 January 1866), commonly called Massimo d'Azeglio (), belonging to the high nobility, was a Piedmontese-Italian statesman, novelist and painter. He was Prime Minister of Sardinia for almost three years, until his rival Camillo Benso, Count of Cavour succeeded him. D'Azeglio was a moderate liberal who hoped for a federal union between Italian states. As Prime Minister, he consolidated the parliamentary system, getting the young king to accept his constitutional status, and worked hard for a peace treaty with Austria. Although himself a Roman Catholic, he introduced freedom of worship, supported public education, and sought to reduce the power of the clergy in local political affairs. As senator, following the annexation of the United Provinces of Central Italy, Azeglio attempted to reconcile the Vatican with the new Italian Kingdom. His brother Luigi Taparelli d'Azeglio was a Jesuit priest.





Schnaittach

Schnaittach is a market town in Middle Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

Schnaittach is on the river Schnaittach, a tributary of the Pegnitz.


Alfeld, Bavaria

Alfeld is a municipality in the district of Nürnberger Land in Bavaria in Germany. Alfeld has around 1100 residents (2013) and is famous for their traditional Kermesse which the people celebrate at the end of August every year.


Hersbruck

Hersbruck () is a small town in Middle Franconia, Bavaria, Germany, belonging to the district Nürnberger Land. It is best known for the late-gothic artwork of the Hersbruck altar, the "Hirtenmuseum" and the landscape of Hersbruck Switzerland.


List of power stations in Azerbaijan

The following page lists all power stations in Azerbaijan.


Lauf an der Pegnitz

Lauf an der Pegnitz (; Northern Bavarian: "Lauf an da Pegnitz") is a town to the East of Nuremberg, Germany. It is the capital of the district Nürnberger Land, in Bavaria. It is in the valley of the River Pegnitz, which flows through the town.

In 2009, the municipality developed a climate protection plan which was supported by the German Ministry for the Environment.

Lauf an der Pegnitz is twinned with:


Gremsdorf

Gremsdorf is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Großenseebach

Großenseebach is a village in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt in Bavaria, in Germany.

Hemhofen

Hemhofen is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. 

Heßdorf

Heßdorf is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Höchstadt

Höchstadt an der Aisch, commonly known as Höchstadt (), is a town in the Erlangen-Höchstadt district, in Bavaria, Germany.
Höchstadt is on the river Aisch, 18 km northwest of Erlangen and 22 km south of Bamberg. Originally it was the capital of the Höchstadt district, but then it became part of the new Erlangen-Höchstadt district.

The town consists of 23 districts:

Lonnerstadt

Lonnerstadt is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Marloffstein

Marloffstein is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Möhrendorf

Möhrendorf is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Regnitz and the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal.

Mühlhausen, Middle Franconia

Mühlhausen is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Oberreichenbach, Bavaria

Oberreichenbach is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Röttenbach

Röttenbach is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

The neighboring villages surrounding Röttenbach are Adelsdorf, Baiersdorf, Heßdorf, and Hemhofen.

Spardorf

Spardorf is a small town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Uttenreuth

Uttenreuth is a town in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt in Bavaria in Germany.

Uttenreuth is about east of Erlangen in the Schwabach valley.

Towns neighboring Uttenreuth are Dormitz (in the East), Neunkirchen am Brand (Northeast), Marloffstein (North), Spardorf (Northwest) and Buckenhof in the West. To the South, Uttenreuth borders a large forest, the Sebalder Reichswald.




Vestenbergsgreuth

Vestenbergsgreuth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Church of the Castle of Lierna Lake Como

The Church of the Castle of Lierna Lake Como known as the Church of the Kings of Italy is an antique Roman Catholic church in on the shore of Lake Como in Italy in Lierna, region of Lombardy, Italy. The Church is the place of foundation of the Order of the Savoy family of the Kings of Italy.

The church was founded around 1147 by the House of Savoy.

The church of Saints Maurizio and Lazzaro is a small church in the Castello village in Lierna. Initially dedicated only to St. Maurice , it was then also dedicated to St. Lazarus, because of the pilgrimages to this church the faithful gave the name to the Swiss town of Sankt Moritz.

The small church of Saints Maurizio and Lazzaro, documented as early as 1147, is located within the village of the Lierna Castle, whose ruins are still incorporated into the surrounding houses. On the sides of the entrance door are painted the effigies of Saints Maurice and Lazarus, dating back to the seventeenth century, and an oil altarpiece, also from that period, which represents "a Christ with Martha and Magdalene", while above the altar there is a wooden statue depicting San Maurizio. It was designed to perform its functions even during sieges, which is why the apse faces the lake as a protective bastion and access is within the castle walls.

The Chivalric Order of the House of Savoy, the Dynasty of the Kings of Italy and one of the oldest dynasties in Europe, was founded in the small and ancient medieval church of the Castle of Lierna, called the Church of San Maurizio and Lazzaro, initially San Maurizio (St. Moritz) in 1572 by King Emanuele Filiberto of Savoy. Only here could the Knights of the Kingdom of Italy be baptized and obtain the title of Knight of the Kingdom. For over 500 years there have been several families of international noble origins linked to Lierna, or who own properties here.
On the sides of the entrance door are painted the effigies of Saints Maurizio and Lazzaro, dating back to the seventeenth century, and an oil altarpiece, also from that period, which represents "a Christ with Martha and Magdalene", while above the altar there is a wooden statue depicting San Maurizio. It was designed to perform its functions even during sieges, which is why the apse faces the lake as a protective bastion and access is within the castle walls.
Lierna Lake Como was the place of residence of the Empress Theodolinda, who built the Castle of Lierna, on the basis of a dwelling dating back to Ancient Rome, and would have lived there in the Lombard period, even after she was widowed by both Auteri and Agilufo. The queen of Italy Adelaide was secretly locked up in the castle of Lierna da Berengario to convince her to marry him. She was eventually freed by the monk Martino da Bellagio, and she was married in Germany to Emperor Otto I of Saxony, but she returned to the Castle Church of Lierna for a second wedding blessing ceremony. Queen Adelaide then continued to frequent Lierna in Italy also in the following eleven years with her husband who became Emperor of Rome.
The whole castle with the Church of the Lierna Castle, are conceived as a defensive military fortress, and the foundations date back to ancient Rome, scholars have recognized in the plan of the area of ​​the Church and of the Castle of Lierna a plan of Roman colonists with a measure of sixteen square feet divided into sixteen lots.
Amedeo VIII of Savoy established the Order of San Maurizio in the small church of the Lierna Castle in 1934, suppressed in 1439. In 1572 Emanuele Filiberto of Savoy, known as the Iron Head, re-founded the Chivalric Order of San Maurizio in the Church of the Castle of Lierna, and with the Papal Bull of Pope Gregory XIII he obtained the refoundation of the Order to which a few months later the hospital order of San Lazzaro di Capua was also joined. The small church of the Lierna Castle thus took the name of the Church of Saints Maurice and Lazarus.
The royals of various European countries in addition to the Savoy family, periodically go to the small church of the Lierna Castle on Lake Como in secret.
Prince Emanuele Filiberto di Savoia will publicly return in 2005 to visit the small church of the Lierna Castle in memory of his ancestors, donating a bell with the coat of arms of the House of Savoy.



Ranulf Flambard

Ranulf Flambard (1060-1128) was Bishop of Durham from 1099 until 1128 and an important figure under the reign of William Rufus.

Anne Fergusson

Anne Fergusson (born 11 October 1995) is a Canadian sitting volleyball player. She was a member of the Canada sitting volleyball team, at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

She competed at the 2015 Parapan American Games, where she won a bronze medal and 2019 Parapan American Games.

She graduated from graduated from Queens University.

Willi Graf

Willi Graf (January 2, 1918-October 12, 1943) was one of the six main members of the White Rose Resistance group, which was a group of university students based in Munich who opposed Hitler. Along with Hans Scholl, Alexander Schmorell, Christoph Probst, Sophie Scholl, and Kurt Huber, Graf helped write six pamphlets criticizing Hitler and Nazi Germany. Graf was also the main recruiter for the white rose group, going out tirelessly to get others to join the resistance.

Willi Graf was born on January 2, 1918, in Kuchenheim near Euskirchen. In 1922, his family moved to Saarbrucken, where his father ran a wholesale wine business. Graf attended school at the "Ludwigsgymnasium". It was not long before he joined, at the age of eleven, the "Bund Neudeutschland", a Catholic youth movement for young men in schools of higher learning, which was banned after Hitler and the Nazis came to power in 1933. In 1934, Graf joined the "Grauer Orden" ("Grey Order"), another Catholic movement which became known for its anti-Nazi rhetoric. It, too, was banned and for this reason, it formed many splinter youth groups.

Graf showed conviction in his beliefs from a young age. Although compulsory at the time, he refused to associate with the Hitler Youth, even when he was threatened with becoming ineligible to go to University unless he joined the Hitler Youth. While other future members of the White Rose initially embraced the Hitler Youth, Graf never did so. Moreover, in his address book he crossed out the names of friends who had joined the Hitler Youth, refusing to associate with them. 

On February 18, 1943, Hans and Sophie Scholl went to the Munich University to distribute the sixth leaflet to the university students. They were captured by the Gestapo. At around midnight on February 18, the Gestapo captured Willi Graf at the apartment he shared with his sister. At his trial on April 19, 1943, Graf, along with Alexander Schmorell and Kurt Huber, was sentenced to death. Sophie, Hans, and Christopher had already been killed on February 22, 1943. After his trial, Willi was put into Solitary confinement. For about six months, he was kept there and tortured to make him give out the names of other White Rose members. He refused to give out names, even when the Gestapo threatened to capture his family if he didn’t comply. On October 12, 1943, Willi was brought out of his cell and straight to the guillotine. He was the last of the original members to be killed.

In a heartfelt last letter to his family he said:

"On this day I'm leaving this life and entering eternity. What hurts me most of all is that I am causing such pain to those of you who go on living. But strength and comfort you'll find with God and that is what I am praying for till the last moment. I know that it will be harder for you than for me. I ask you, Father and Mother, from the bottom of my heart, to forgive me for the anguish and the disappointment I've brought you. I have often regretted what I've done to you, especially here in prison. Forgive me and always pray for me! Hold on to the good memories... I could never say to you while alive how much I loved you, but now in the last hours I want to tell you, unfortunately only on this dry paper, that I love all of you deeply and that I have respected you. For everything that you gave me and everything you made possible for me with your care and love. Hold each other and stand together with love and trust... God's blessing on us, in Him we are and we live... I am, with love always, your Willi."

In 1999, Graf and Christoph Probst were included in the martyrology of the German Catholic Church. In 2017, Willi Graf was declared a Servant of God and his cause for beatification was opened up.

Alexander Schmorell

Alexander Schmorell (September 16, 1917-July 13, 1943) was one of the founders of the White Rose Resistance Movement in Nazi Germany. Along with Hans Scholl, Christoph Probst, Willi Graf, Sophie Scholl, and Kurt Huber, Schmorell wrote and distributed six leaflets that criticized Hitler and Nazi Germany.

Alexander Schmorell was born on September 16, 1917, in Russia. His mother died from typhus was he was two years old. In 1920 his father, Hugo Schmorell, remarried. The family emigrated to Munich, Germany in 1921. Alexander was looked after by a Russian nanny as he grew up. As his nanny could only speak Russian, Alexander became bilingual, being able to speak both German and Russian fluently. Alexander was given the nickname "Schurik" when he was a child. It was a name that his friends called him for the rest of his short life.

After completing his "Arbitur" (the German equivilant of a High School diploma) Alexander was drafted into the "Wehrmacht" (The Nazi term for the Army). He was deployed multiple times over the next few years. In 1939, he began his medical studies in Hamburg. In 1940 he was transferred to Munich to continue his studies; while there he met Hans Scholl and Willi Graf.

In early 1942, Hans Scholl and Alexander began to write pamphlets denouncing Nazi Germany and Adolf Hitler. These pamphlets called for the end of the war, and urged the readers to "conduct passive resistance." Hans and Alexander called this group, "The White Rose." the origins of the name is not clear, although it has also been speculated that the name might have been taken from either the Cuban poet, Jose Marti's verse "Cultivo una rosa blanca" or the novel "Die Weiße Rose" ("The White Rose") by B. Traven, which Hans Scholl and Alex Schmorell had both read. In June-July 1942, Hans and Alexander wrote four seperate leaflets. On July 24, 1942, Hans, Alexander, and Willi Graf were shipped out to the Russian front. Their resistance activities resumed when they returned in November 1942.

Between November 1942 and January 1943, Willi Graf, Christoph Probst, Sophie Scholl and Kurt Huber joined the group.

Starting on February 18, 1943, the six main members of the White Rose we systematically captured by the Gestapo. After hearing of the arrests of his friends, Alexander attempted to escape Germany. Because of bad weather he was forced to turn back. On February 24, he was turned in to the Gestapo by a former friend of his. He was the last of the main White Rose members to be captured. His trial was on April 19, 1943. Alexander, as well as Kurt Huber and Willi Graf, were sentenced to death; Sophie and Hans Scholl, as well as Christopher Probst, had already been put to death. Schmorell was killed on July 13, 1943. His last words as he went to the guillotine were, "I'm convinced my life has to end now, early as it may seem, for I have fufilled my life's mission. I wouldn't know what else I have left to do on this earth."

In February 2012, Schmorell was canonized by the Russian Orthodox Church.

Christoph Probst

Christoph Probst (November 6, 1919-February 22, 1943) was one of the six core members of the White Rose Resistance Group. He was one of the later members to join. He played a passing role in the first four leaflets, but then began to distance himself from the group in order to protect his wife and three children. In late January 1943, Probst, who wanted to play a more pivotal role in the Resistance, asked Hans Scholl if there was anything he could do to help. Scholl, who at first was reluctant to allow Probst to take part in more of the risky activities because of his family, suggested that Probst write a draft of the Seventh leaflet. Probst happily did so, and gave it to Hans within a few days. This pamphlet was on Hans when he and his sister Sophie were arrested on February 18, 1943. Hans tried to tear it up, but it was taken from him before he could finish tearing it. The Gestapo traced the handwriting to Christoph, who was captured on February 20. On February 22, Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were put on trial. The trial was resided over by Roland Freisler, a hard judge who gave death sentences to about 90% of the trials he presided over. When asked to speak, Christoph attempted to be released, stating that he suffered from a psychotic depression stemming from the fact that his wife was sick with child bed fever. When this tactic didn't work, he pleaded with the judge to spare him on account of his children. Freisler didn't listen to his plea, even when Hans Scholl offered to take all the punishment for Christoph if only Freisler would let Christoph go free. At around 2 pm, Freisler announced the verdict. Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were guilty. The punishment was death, to be carried out immediately that same day. Christoph was hustled to a prison cell, where he wrote his last letters. Christoph, who was technically not associated with any religion, although he had accepted Catholicism long ago, asked to be baptized into the Catholic faith before he died. For a few minutes before his death, Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were allowed to be together for a short time. While there, Christoph is credited with saying, "I didn't know dying could be so easy." A few minutes after 5 pm. Christoph was put under the guillotine. He didn't get to see his wife or children before he died.

In 1999, Probst (who had been baptized as a Catholic just minutes before his death) was inducted in the martyrology of the German Catholic Church.

Province of Maryland

The Province of Maryland was an English colony that later became a British one. It existed from 1632 to 1776, when it joined the other Thirteen Colonies to fight against Great Britain. It is now a state of the United States called Maryland. Unlike the other colonies in the future united states, most settlers of the Province of Maryland were Roman Catholics, who had fled the European wars of religion. The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore was the first Catholic diocese on American soil, the Baltimore Basilica was the first cathedral. The Maryland Toleration Act, signed 1649, was the first act that tolerated other Christian religious groups. 


Vittore Grubicy de Dragon

Vittore Grubicy de Dragon (15 October 1851 – 4 August 1920) was an Italian painter, art critic and art gallery owner who was largely responsible for introducing into Italian painting the optical theories of Divisionism. His writings and paintings influenced a generation of late 19th-century Italian painters. In addition, the Grubicy Gallery became one of the first art enterprises to be run on the concept of exhibiting living artists that were represented as clients of the gallery.



Radical Sportcars

Radical Sportscar is a British company that makes racing cars. The company was founded by amateur drivers and engineers in January 1997.

Kurt Huber

Kurt Huber (October 24, 1898–July 13, 1943) was the last of the main members to join the White Rose Resistance group. Huber, along with Hans Scholl, Alexander Schmorell, Christoph Probst, Willi Graf, and Sophie Scholl, wrote pamphlets criticizing Hitler and Nazi Germany. Kurt Huber was the sole author of the sixth (and final) leaflet. Starting on February 18, 1943, the six main members of the White Rose we systematically captured by the Gestapo. At Kurt Huber’s trial on April 19, 1943, Professor Huber, as well as Willi Graf and Alexander Schmorell, were sentenced to death. (Sophie, Hans, and Christoph had already been put to death on February 22, 1943.) Kurt Huber was executed on July 13, 1943. After his death the sixth pamphlet, which Huber wrote almost exclusively, was smuggled into Great Britain, where it was copied en masse and thrown down on Germany from Allied Planes in July 1943.

Clifford the Big Red Dog (franchise)

Clifford the Big Red Dog is an animated and live action film series from "Clifford the Big Red Dog" by Norman Bridwell.

"Main article: Clifford's Really Big Movie"

"Main article: Clifford the Big Red Dog"

Sarcohyla calvicollina

The Cerro Pelón tree frog ("Sarcohyla calvicollina") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have only seen it in two pages: 2519 and 2712 meters above sea level on Cerro Pelón in Oaxaca.

Scientists saw this frog in streams with rocky bottoms in cloud forests.

Scientists say this frog is in big danger of dying out. They think the frogs might all be dead already because no scientist has seen one since 1980. Scientists are not sure how the frogs died, but they do know that the fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis", which can kill frogs and other amphibians, came to the place where the frog lived. Other frogs that live in streams have also caught the disease chytridiomycosis. Human beings have also cut down the forests where the frogs live to make farms and get wood to build with.

Clifford's Really Big Movie

Clifford's Really Big Movie is a 2004 American animated adventure comedy film based on the PBS Kids TV series "Clifford the Big Red Dog", itself an adaptation of the book series of the same name by Norman Bridwell. This film was directed by Robert Ramirez, produced by Scholastic Entertainment and Big Red Dog Productions, and originally released to theaters by Warner Bros. Pictures on February 20, 2004. The film depicts Clifford joining a traveling animal show known as "Larry's Amazing Animals" with his best friends. Larry Gablegobble (Judge Reinhold), the presenter of the animal show, doesn't allow animals who have owners, so they pretend their dog tags are fake.


Social media marketing

Social media marketing is the use of social media platforms and websites to promote a product or service. Although the terms e-marketing and digital marketing are still dominant in academia, social media marketing is becoming more popular for both practitioners and researchers.

Clifford the Big Red Dog (book series)

Clifford the Big Red Dog is an American children's book series. It is about a giant red dog named Clifford. It was first published in 1963 and was written by Norman Bridwell. Clifford is Scholastic's official mascot.


Karl-Lorimar Home Video released the video "Clifford's Sing Along Adventure" around 1986. Warner Home Video re-released it in the mid-1990s.

In 1988, Scholastic Studios, Film Roman, Nelvana Limited, TMS Entertainment, Wang Film Productions, and Family Home Entertainment released "Clifford's Fun With", a videotape series with a theme song composed by Phillip Namanworth and Benjamin Goldstein. The episodes on the release are: "The ABC Message Service", "Clifford's Birthday Surprise", "The Scavenger Hunt", "The Rhyme Cat Rescue", "Clifford Goes to Hollywood", and "The Pet Show". Musician Brent Titcomb was the voice of Clifford, and actress Alyson Court was the voice of Emily Elizabeth. In the late 1990s, a television station in Spain aired the direct-to-video series for a short period of time.

Scholastic Media produced a 65-episode adaptation shown on PBS Kids. It aired from September 2000 to February 2003. Clifford was voiced by actor John Ritter. Emily Elizabeth was voiced by Grey DeLisle. There was also a 39-episode prequel series that took place during Clifford's puppyhood. It aired from September 2003 to February 2006. Lara Jill Miller was the voice of Young Clifford. During that time, a movie released in theaters served as the show's finale. It was released in February 2004. No new episodes were released after John Ritter's death. In December 2019, a new series was released. It premiered on December 6, 2019 for Amazon Prime Video and December 7, 2019 on PBS Kids. Adam Sanders voices Clifford and Hannah Levinson voices Emily Elizabeth. 

Man's Favorite Sport?

Man's Favorite Sport? is a 1964 American romantic comedy movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring Rock Hudson, Paula Prentiss, Maria Perschy, Charlene Holt, John McGiver, Roscoe Karns, Norman Alden, Forrest Lewis. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Brookfield, New Hampshire

Brookfield is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, 755 people lived there.

Don Kojis

Donald R. Kojis (January 15, 1939 – November 19, 2021) was an American professional basketball player. He played twelve seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) between 1961 until 1975. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He played for Baltimore Bullets, Detroit Pistons, Chicago Bulls, San Diego Rockets, Seattle SuperSonics and the Kansas City-Omaha Kings.

Kojis died on November 19, 2021 in Julian, California ​at the age of 81.

Julian, California

Julian is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Diego County, California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,768.

Kodiak bear

The Kodiak bear ("Ursus arctos middendorffi"), also known as the Kodiak brown bear, sometimes the Alaskan brown bear, live in the islands of the Kodiak Archipelago in southwest Alaska. It is the largest recognized subspecies or population of the brown bear, and one of the two largest bears alive today, the other being the polar bear.

Noah Gordon

Noah Gordon (November 11, 1926 – November 22, 2021) was an American novelist. He reported for the "Worcester Telegram" until he was hired by the "Boston Herald" in 1959.

Gordon died on November 22, 2021, at the age of 95.



ENA (web series)

Ena (Stylized as ENA or ƎNA) is an surrealist animated web series on YouTube and Newgrounds, created by the animator Joel Guerra from Peru. The episodes centre around the main character, Ena, a girl with many personalities. The series features both traditional and computer-generated animation. Ena's character design is inspired by Picasso's "Girl before a Mirror".

Trouble in the Glen

Trouble in the Glen is a 1954 British comedy movie directed by Herbert Wilcox and was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Maurice Welsh. It stars Margaret Lockwood, Orson Welles, Forrest Tucker, Victor McLaglen, John McCallum, Jack Watling, Eddie Byrne and was distributed by Republic Pictures.


Tokyo Metro Museum

The Tokyo Metro Museum is a railway museum in Edogawa Ward, Tokyo, Japan. Metro Cultural Foundation is the caretaker of the museum. It is an organization of the Tokyo Metro which does not work for any profit. The museum is 100 meters away from Kasai Station.

Visitors enter the museum through a subway ticket gate. Then they go through a section of an underground line. This line was the first underground line of Tokyo. It was opened in 1927 between Ueno and Asakusa. As of 2021, it is a part of the Ginza Line.

The museum presents some examples of the rolling stock used in the Tokyo metro system. It displays a car from an Eidan 300 train that ran on the Marunouchi line. It also displays a car from an Eidan 1000 train that ran on the Ginza line.

The museum has seven main exhibit spaces that explain,

Driving simulators are also available for visitors to try.

As soon as visitors enter through a subway automatic ticket gate, they see an exhibit on the relationship between the city and the subway over the years. They also see the reconstruction of the Ueno station, as it is in 1927.
The next exhibit focus upon the construction of the subway tunnels and the safety of the lines. It exhibits details about the anti-flood system, the traffic-control system, power control centres and how the disaster prevention centre work.

The next section of the museum displays a Series 100 subway car. The museum allows visitors to enter the cab and use various car controls including the motors, the brakes and the pantograph. Scale examples show the electrical collection system used by the subway and the third rail. It also shows the working examples of electric motors and brakes. In the next section of the museum, there are real simulators. These simulators are used for the training of metro staff. Visitors can try one of three simulators under the guidance of museum staff.

The museum has a lecture hall and a lounge. It also has a library with a collection of subway-related works.

Sarcohyla siopela

The voiceless tree frog or mute tree frog ("Sarcohyla siopela") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it 2500 and 2550 meters above sea level.

The vinegar tasters

The Vinegar tasters (三酸圖, three sips; 嘗醋翁 or old men tasting vinegar; 嘗醋圖, 尝醋图), is an allegoric picture that represents Confucianism, Buddhism and the Taoism, favorably with the last one and critically with the other two.

In the picture, three men are dipping a finger in a vinegar pot and tasting it. One of the men reacts with a sour expression, other reacts with a bitter expression and the last one reacts with a sweet expression. The three men are representations of Confucius, Gautama Buddha and Laozi and represent the three greatest Chinese philosophical traditions and the predominant attitude towards life of each one of them.

Confucianism sees life like something sour that needs rules to correct the degeneration of the people's attitudes. Buddhism sees life like a bitter experience, full of fear and pain. Taoism, however, doesn't waste time valuing life, it simply sees things as they are in their natural state and accepts them as they are.

Other interpretation of the painting is one called "three teachings in one".



Rosa Canales

Rosa Bolivia Canales Cevallos (1974– 2 May 2020) was an Ecuadorian football referee. ​  She was the first female referee of Ecuadorian football.

In 1998 he debuted, at the age of 19, in professional football assisting in the first and second division of the Ecuadorian football championship. He also refereed in matches of the Copa Libertadores de América,at the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Cup in Thailand and the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup in China.​

In 2013, she retired from professional refereeing, and worked as an instructor for referees in the province of Guayas.​

In November 2019, she was diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease. She died on 2 June 2020.

Manuel Menezes

Manuel Menezes (1922 – 15 June 1996) was an Indian business executive, chairman of the Indian Railway Board.

Menezes was a Goan engineer, who worked for India's Railway Board, eventually rising to be chairman, and holding the rank of a principal secretary in the Indian civil service.

He died on 15 June 1996.

He was the father of Michael Menezes, Marisa Mascarenhas, Ivan Menezes, CEO of Diageo, and Victor Menezes, former senior vice chairman of Citigroup.

Wachenroth

Wachenroth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany.

Wachenroth is in the valley of the Reiche Ebrach river, a left tributary of the Regnitz river, at the southern end of the Steigerwald, about 20 kilometers northwest of Erlangen.



Weisendorf

Weisendorf is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It belongs to the administrative region of Middle Franconia.

Weisendorf is 15 km west of Erlangen.

Weisendorf is near the motorway A3 (Frankfurt am Main-Regensburg). The next railroad station is in Erlangen (c. 15 km). The Nuremberg Airport (c. 30 km) provides access to many cities in Europe and the rest of the world.


Dormitz

Dormitz is a Bavarian municipality in the district of Forchheim (Upper Franconia), and the administrative headquarters of the Dormitz community, which includes the parishes of Kleinsendelbach and Hetzles.

Effeltrich

Effeltrich is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Eggolsheim

Eggolsheim is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Eggolsheim has twelve other villages within its municipal area:

Egloffstein

Egloffstein is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

The village of Egloffstein is a state-recognised climatic spa and is in the valley of the Trubach river on the hillside beneath the castle.

Its neighbouring communities (clockwise from the north) are:

Gößweinstein, Obertrubach, Gräfenberg, Leutenbach, Pretzfeld

Egloffstein is divided into 16 parishes:

Gößweinstein

Gößweinstein is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. It is within the region known as Franconian Switzerland.


Wichsenstein

Wichsenstein is a village in the municipality of Gößweinstein in the Upper Franconian county of Forchheim in Germany.

Wichsenstein is high up in the hills of Franconian Switzerland between the city of Nuremberg and the towns of Forchheim and Bayreuth about six kilometres southwest of Gößweinstein and fourteen kilometres east of Forchheim. The Wichsenstein Rock ("Wichsensteiner Fels") towers over the centre of the village. It may be climbed using steps and, at a height of , offers panoramic views over Franconian Switzerland.

The independent parish of Wichsenstein was broken up on 1 May 1978. The majority of its more than 500 residents with the villages of Wichsenstein, Altenthal, Hardt, Sattelmannsburg and Ühleinshof were incorporated into the market town ("Markt") of Gößweinstein. The villages of Eberhardstein, Pfaffenloh and Urspring with around 50 residents joined Markt Pretzfeld.


Obertrubach

Obertrubach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Bavua Ntinu André

Bavua Ntinu André (March 22, 1939 - October 5, 2013) was a martial art practitioner and initiator of Japanese sports (Karate and Judo) in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, he is considered as the Great Master Bavua Ntinu Decantor, who founded of the National School of Martial Arts (EMAM) and the Spiritual Power of the Verb (PSV) which he was supreme chief and first spiritual leader of the organization.


Puissance spirituelle du verbe

The Puissance spirituelle du verbe (PSV), in english: "Spiritual Power of the Verb", is a spiritual organization in Africa. The main goal of the organization is the awakening of the black man.. Bavua Ntinu (1939-2013) started the organization in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on February 23, 1980. Today it can be found in four African countries

It is an initiatory order. This means that people join it by initiation. The group tries to cause the spiritual purification of all that exists. This is done by cleaning all the bodies of a person, the spiritual, astral and physical, at the same time. It is done using sound and divine light. Techniques and codes are used which allow contact with any entity existing . According to Ntinu, there have been no spiritual masters and true prophets in the black race for years. To him, this explains their ignorance of the size of the universe.

The Outlaw

The Outlaw is a 1943 American western movie. It was directed by Howard Hughes and starring Jack Buetel, Jane Russell, Thomas Mitchell, Walter Huston, Mimi Aguglia, Joe Sawyer. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Leutenbach, Bavaria

Leutenbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Pretzfeld

Pretzfeld is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality is in the south-western part of Upper Franconia, in Franconian Switzerland. The region is known for growing and processing fruit. Of the about 2500 ha total area, 1100 ha are forest. The town of Pretzfeld is in the west of the municipality, near the confluence of the Trubach and the Wiesent.

The Pretzfeld municipality has 13 districts:

Hallerndorf

Hallerndorf is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Hausen, Upper Franconia

Hausen is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Heroldsbach

Heroldsbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.


Hetzles

Hetzles is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. The Municipality Hetzles contains the villages of Hetzles and Honings.

Hiltpoltstein

Hiltpoltstein is a market village in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. At its centre is Hiltpoltstein Castle.

Igensdorf

Igensdorf is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Igensdorf is twinned with:


Kirchehrenbach

Kirchehrenbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Kleinsendelbach

Kleinsendelbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany. It is about 17 Kilometers south of the town of Forchheim and 15 Kilometers to the east of the city of Erlangen, and is part of the administration community Dormitz.

Kunreuth

Kunreuth is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

The town is the place of Schloss Kunreuth. Since the 14th century the castle has belonged to the family of the Counts and Barons von Egloffstein who have also owned Egloffstein Castle since the 12th century.

Langensendelbach

Langensendelbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany with a population of over 3100. The village Bräuningshof is a part of Langensendelbach.

Bräuningshof

Bräuningshof is a district of Langensendelbach in the Upper Franconian district of Forchheim. It is between the cities of Erlangen and Forchheim. In this formerly rural town, most of the residents go to work in Erlangen today.

The name of the village Bräuningshof was first mentioned with Bruningeshoven in 1158. It is traced back to the family name "Bräuning" or "Bruning", which at that time often occurred in Franconia.

Pinzberg

Pinzberg is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Pinzberg is in the region Upper Franconia west.

The following districts exist: Dobenreuth, Gosberg, Pinzberg, Elsenberg.

Poxdorf

Poxdorf is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Unterleinleiter

Unterleinleiter is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Weilersbach

Weilersbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Weißenohe

Weißenohe is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesenthau

Wiesenthau is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesenttal

Wiesenttal is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesenttal is divided into 21 parishes:


Muggendorf (Wiesenttal)

Muggendorf is a village in municipality Wiesenttal in Franconian Switzerland, Bavaria, Germany.

The village is on the river Wiesent 304 m above mean sea level.

Trainmeusel

Trainmeusel is a village in the Upper Franconian market municipality of Wiesenttal in the district of Forchheim in the German state of Bavaria.

The village is within the Franconian Switzerland-Veldenstein Forest Nature Park, about 1.3 kilometres southwest of Muggendorf on a Jurassic plateau of the Franconian Jura. The village may be reached by car from Muggendorf on the "Kreisstrasse" FO35. Its neighbouring villages in clockwise order are Muggendorf, Wohlmannsgesees, and Birkenreuth.

Allershausen

Allershausen is a municipality in the district of Freising, in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Attenkirchen

Attenkirchen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Au in der Hallertau

The municipality of Au in der Hallertau is in the north of the district of Freising and in the southern part of the Hallertau, in Bavaria, Germany. Au is famous for its important role in hop planting and hop distribution.

Eching, Freising

Eching is a municipality in the district of Freising, in Upper Bavaria, Germany.

Eching is 18 km north of Munich (centre) and 15 km southwest of Freising.

The municipality Eching has existed since 1978 and consists of "Eching", "Günzenhausen", "Ottenburg", "Deutenhausen", "Dietersheim" and "Gut Hollern". "Hollern" (to the west of the federal road B 13) has been incorporated with Unterschleißheim since 1990.


Fahrenzhausen

Fahrenzhausen is a municipality located on the river Amper in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany. The town is about 30 Kilometers north of Munich. 

Fahrenzhausen has several villages in its community: Appercha, Bachenhausen, Bergfeld, Grosseisenbach, Grossnöbach, Jarzt, Kammerberg, Lauterbach, Unterbruck, Viehbach and Weng. 


Kammerberg (Fahrenzhausen)

Kammerberg is village within the municipality of Fahrenzhausen in the district of Freising (Upper Bavaria), Germany.

Kammerberg is surrounded by the neighboring villages of Gramling, Giebing, Kollbach, Weißling, Lauterbach, Bachenhausen and Viehbach. The B13 runs about one kilometer east of Kammerberg. The Kammerberger Forest, locally called 'Hiakl', connects to the south. The Rettenbach creek flows west of Kammerberg. The area is surrounded by forests, streams and agricultural farmland.

Viehbach (Fahrenzhausen)

Viehbach is a village in the municipality of Fahrenzhausen in the district of Freising (Upper Bavaria, Germany).


Freising

Freising () is a town in Bavaria, Germany, and the capital of the Freising "Landkreis" (district), with a population of about 50,000.

Freising is the oldest town between Regensburg and Bolzano and is in Upper Bavaria north of Munich, near Munich International Airport, on the Isar river. There are two hills, the cathedral hill with the bishop's castle and Freising cathedral, and Weihenstephan Hill with Weihenstephan Abbey, the oldest working brewery in the world. It was also the first recorded place of a European tornado. The city is 448 meters above sea level. 


Quarter (urban subdivision)

A quarter is a section of an urban settlement. 


Gwenpool

Gwenpool is a character produced by Marvel Comics in 2016. Gwendolyn Poole is a girl transported from real life to the Marvel Universe.

Sammy Going South

Sammy Going South also known as A Boy Ten Feet Tall is a 1963 British South African adventure movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick and, based on the 1961 novel of the same name by W. H. Canaway. It stars Edward G. Robinson, Constance Cummings, Harry H. Corbett, Paul Stassino, Zia Mohyeddin, Zena Walker, Jack Gwillim, Glyn Owen and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Anna Ascends

Anna Ascends is a 1922 American silent romantic drama movie directed by Victor Fleming and was based on the 1920 play of the same name by Henry Chapman Ford. It stars Alice Brady, Robert Ellis, David Powell, Nita Naldi, Charles K. Gerrard and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Qin-Lian Yue

Qin–Lian (Hamlim, ) is a southern branch of Yue Chinese spoken in the coastal part of Guangxi, which is represented by four traditional cities Qinzhou, Lianzhou, Lingshan and Fangcheng () or by three modern prefecture-level cities Qinzhou, Beihai and Fangcheng ().

Power Rangers Beast Morphers

Power Rangers Beast Morphers is a TV show "Power Rangers" started in 2019-2020. It aired from March 2 to December 12 2019-2020 with 44 episodes. It is based on the Super Sentai series "Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters". It is a sequel to "Power Rangers Ninja Steel". It is also the sequel season to "Power Rangers RPM". A sequel to it called "Power Rangers Dino Fury" started from 2021-2022.

Scientists in the city of Coral Harbor have discovered a way to convert the infinite power of the Morphin Grid into a physical substance called "Morph-X", providing the city with
a source of unlimited clean energy. To protect this city, a secret agency known as Grid Battleforce combines Morph-X with animal DNA to create a new team of Power Rangers. Now the
Beast Morpher Rangers: Devon Daniels, Ravi Shaw, and Zoey Reeves must defend the Morphin Grid from Evox, an evil sentient computer virus from another dimension and his evil avatar clones of original Ranger candidates Blaze and Roxy, who were rendered comatose. After the three of them of transported to the Cyber Dimension, Evox, Cybervillain Blaze, and Cybervillain Roxy gain its de facto ruler Scrozzle as an ally as he helps them in their plan to return Evox to Earth.

As the Rangers battle Evox's robot monsters, they gain two new additions to the team: Nate Silva, the head researcher and scientist of Grid Battleforce who becomes the Gold
Ranger and Steel, a robot Nate was forced to create as a body for Evox, who gains sentience and becomes the Silver Ranger.

In the second season, Evox possesses Mayor Daniels and plots to finish when he started with the help of Scrozzle, who uses a machine to revive the Blaze and Roxy avatars as
robots. Along the way, the Rangers uncover Evox's true origins and receive help from the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, Power Rangers Dino Thunder, and Power Rangers Dino Charge Rangers as well as allies of the Power Rangers RPM Rangers to defeat Evox and his minions once and for all.









Tilly Edinger

Johanna Gabrielle Ottilie "Tilly" Edinger (13 November 1897 – 27 May 1967) was a German-American paleontologist and the founder of paleoneurology.

Tilly used fossil skulls to study the brains of extinct animals. She discovered that brain matter left imprints on skulls and this was the basis of her publications.

Sarcohyla sabrina

The Sierra Juarez tree frog ("Sarcohyla sabrina") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1580 and 2020 meters above sea level.

Gammelsdorf

Gammelsdorf is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.


Haag an der Amper

Haag an der Amper is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Hallbergmoos

Hallbergmoos is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany. Isar River flows west of the town.


Hohenkammer

Hohenkammer is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Hörgertshausen

Hörgertshausen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Kirchdorf an der Amper

Kirchdorf an der Amper is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria Germany, on the Amper River.

Kranzberg

Kranzberg is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Langenbach, Bavaria

Langenbach is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

The town has its own railway station on the Munich-Regensburg line, and is on Landesstraße (state road) 2350 between Freising and Moosburg. Its boroughs are Amperhof, Asenkofen, Großenviecht, Kleinviecht, Niederhummel, Oberbach, Oberhummel, Oftlfing, Rast, Schmidhausen und Windham.


Marzling

Marzling is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Bozo: The World's Most Famous Clown

Bozo: The World's Most Famous Clown is a 1958–1962 American television series for children. The series is based on the children's record book, "Bozo the Clown" by Capitol Records. The series was created by Larry Harmon Pictures. It began syndication in 1958. Lou Scheimer, of Filmation fame, was the art director for the series. The voice actors include Larry Harmon as Bozo and Paul Frees as the narrator.

A total of 157 five-minute shorts were made. Ewenty were made in September 15, 1958, eighty-five in June 23, 1959 and fifty-two in May 10, 1962.

The series is about the adventures of Bozo and his adolescent sidekick Butch. It is about their journey to crazy, wild and exciting places.

Meraux, Louisiana

Meraux is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Luling, Louisiana

Luling is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Bohemia, New York

Bohemia is a hamlet (and census-designated place) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 9,852 at the 2020 census.

Bohemia is bordered by Central Islip and Great River to the west; Islandia, Ronkonkoma and Lake Ronkonkoma to the north; Holbrook to the east; and Oakdale, Sayville, West Sayville, and Bayport to the south.

The school district in the town is the Connetquot School District. The zip code is 11716 and the telephone area code is 631.

The town is near the Oakdale and Ronkonkoma rail road stations of the Long Island Rail Road, providing easy access to Manhattan where many residents work.

Long Island MacArthur Airport is partially in Bohemia (along with the bordering town of Ronkonkoma, New York). The airport serves travelers from the Greater New York Metropolitan Area and around the nation who want a more convenient alternative to the congestion at JFK and Laguardia airports. The airport's most popular destinations include: Orlando, Florida; Chicago, Illinois; West Palm Beach, Florida; and Las Vegas, Nevada.

Connetquot River State Park is in Bohemia. The park provides areas for horses.

The earliest natives of Bohemia were the Secatogue tribe of the Algonquian peoples.

Bohemia was founded in 1855 by Slavic immigrants.

For 100 years, Bohemia remained a very small village. At the time of the centennial in 1955, the population was about 3,000. Today there about 11,000 inhabitants from many national and ethnic backgrounds.

Immigrants that came to Bohemia had good cigar-making skills. There used to be several cigar making factories in the town. Two notable cigar factories were Albert Kovanda's factory, on the corner of Lakeland and Smithtown Avenues, and the M. Foster Cigar Factory, at Ocean Avenue and Church Street. The local cigar industry continued until the 1930s.

Over the years, there have been a number of attempts to change the name of Bohemia, which some people felt was too tied to one ethnic group. They felt this was keeping new people and new businesses from coming to the town. Proposed names have included: Sayville Heights or North Sayville, after the town immediately to the south; Lidice, after a Czech town destroyed by Nazi troops during World War II; and MacArthur, after the airport built in the 1940s (the airport is named for controversial American General Douglas MacArthur). None of the attempts to change the name received enough support for the change.

Bohemia is in New York at (40.770042, −73.113760).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of .

Bohemia Historical Society (BHS) was founded in 1984. This non-profit local organization provides classes, slide presentations, community activities, a newsletter, its own website and its own museum. The museum was opened on April 26, 2009, and it has on display a number of exhibits depicting life in the early days of Bohemia, a photograph collection, and a book collection that includes many historical Czech manuscripts. Additionally, the building is the BHS's meeting place.

Connetquot River State Park Preserve hosts 3,473 acres of land and water for the protection and propagation of game birds, fish and animals. The preserve has 50 miles of hiking, horseback riding, cross-country ski and nature trails, as well as fishing on the Connetquot River.

District: Connetquot School District

High School: Connetquot High School, grades 9–12

Elementary: Sycamore Avenue School, Edward J. Bosti Elementary, Idle Hour Elementary and John Pearl Elementary, grades K-5

Grades 6–8 are serviced by the Oakdale-Bohemia Middle School, in neighboring Oakdale, New York (formerly known as Oakdale-Bohemia Junior High School). Another middle school is Ronkonkoma Middle School.

The Branford Hall Career Institute is located on Johnson Avenue

The Dellacave Institute for Professional Development is located on Sycamore Avenue. The Institute offers a wide variety of courses designed for continued professional growth for lifetime learners.

The climate in this area has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Bohemia has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.


Osman I

Osman I or Osman Gazi (; or "Osman Gazi"; died 1323/4) was the founder of the Ottoman Empire (first known as the Ottoman Beylik or Emirate). While initially a small Turkoman principality during Osman's lifetime, his beylik transformed into a world empire in the centuries after his death. It existed until shortly after the end of World War I.

Hamlet (New York)

In New York, a hamlet is a community that is not incorporated as a village, i.e. an unincorporated community. Hamlets usually have names based off of a local school district, post office, or fire district. Because a hamlet has no government of its own, the town it is in provides municipal services and government.

Suffolk County makes maps that give hamlet boundaries, but towns with Suffolk County also publish maps that conflict both in the number of hamlets and their boundaries. Nevertheless, all land not within a village is administered by the town.

Most of the rest of New York's hamlets have less defined boundaries, and most towns have areas that are not considered to be a part of any hamlet. The New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT) puts hamlet names on rectangular green signs with white lettering at roadside locations of its choosing. The NYSDOT and local governments also provide community identification signs on some scenic byways to be placed at the roadside boundaries of hamlets, as decided by the sign provider. Many hamlets have welcome signs at the gateways to the hamlets.

Some hamlets are former villages that have ended their incorporation (Old Forge in Herkimer County; Rosendale, in Ulster County; and Andes in Delaware County, for example).

Elena Flerova

Elena Nikolaevna Fljorova (; 19 December 1943 – 30 June 2020) was a Soviet and Russian artist. She was a member of the Artists' Union of the USSR since 1977 and became Honorary member of the Russian Academy of Arts in 2007.

She died on 30 June 2020.

Irina Aleksandrovna Tyulina

Irina Aleksandrovna Tyulina (Russian: Ири́на Алекса́ндровна Тю́лина; 3 February 1922 – 29 June 2020) was a Soviet and Russian historian of science. She is a recipient of the Medal "For Courage" (Russia) and the Order of the Patriotic War.
She graduated from Moscow State University. She taught at Moscow State University. She died in Moscow on 29 June 2020, aged 98.


Juliana Fariña González

Juliana Fariña González (21 April 1946 – 29 June 2020) was a Spanish physician.

She graduated from Complutense University of Madrid. She developed echopsy, a form of autopsy using ultrasound.

She taught at the Complutense University of Madrid.

Fariña González died in Madrid on 29 June 2020.

Arja Tuomarila

Arja Tuomarila (18 July 1941 – 27 June 2020) was a Finnish television announcer, singer and flight attendant.

She married Kai Lind.

She died on 27 June 2020.

Mauern

Mauern is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Moosburg an der Isar

Moosburg an der Isar is a town in the "Landkreis" Freising of Bavaria, Germany.

The oldest town between Regensburg and Italy, it is on the river Isar at an altitude of 421 m (1381 ft). It has 18,033 residents (2016) and covers an area of 44 km. It is easily reached by the A 92 autobahn and regional trains on the Munich–Regensburg line. Furthermore, it takes just 20 minutes to get to Munich Airport.

Moosburg is popular with commuters who travel to Munich, Freising, and Munich Airport. There is considerable industry in the town consisting of chemical, electro-technical, food processing, and machine-building plants.




Nandlstadt

Nandlstadt is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany. Nandlstadt is said to be the oldest hop-growing area in the world, having grown them since the year 860. The town is in a triangle between Freising, Moosburg and Mainburg.

Neufahrn bei Freising

Neufahrn bei Freising () is a municipality in the district of Freising, in Bavaria, Germany. It has about 20,000 residents and is near the river Isar, 12 km southwest of Freising and 20 km northeast of Munich.

It is a stop on the Munich–Regensburg line and is served by S1 trains, running from Munich to Freising.


Paunzhausen

Paunzhausen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Rudelzhausen

Rudelzhausen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Wang, Bavaria

Wang is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Wolfersdorf

Wolfersdorf is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.

Zolling

Zolling is a municipality in the Bavarian district of Freising.
Associated villages are: Anglberg, Flitzing, Thann, Palzing, Oberappersdorf, and Appersdorf.

Zolling is 6 km to the north of Freising.

Oberappersdorf

Oberappersdorf is a village in the municipality of Zolling, Bavaria, Germany. The St. George Church in Oberappersdorf is allied with churches St. Valentine (Gerlhausen) and Obermarchenbach. 
The town is about 7 km north of Zolling, 15 km north of Freising and about 58 km northeast of Munich. Nearby towns include Attenkirchen, Moosburg, Nandlstadt and Au in Hallertau. The town's largest business is the Obermeier party house and hotel.


Mainburg

Mainburg is a town in Kelheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Abens, 30 km northwest of Landshut and 30 km southeast of Ingolstadt.

Mainburg borders four communities; Aiglsbach, Elsendorf, Attenhofen, and Volkenschwand. The town has 15,163 residents, the third largest in its district.

Chinese ceramics

Chinese ceramics are ceramics that have been made in China. Some of these were made as early as the Stone Age.

The earliest Chinese ceramics were earthenware. Stoneware are produced at higher temperatures and are watertight.

Porcelain was invented in China. Porcelain gifts became important gifts from Chinese diplomats. Porcelain became an important export.

The pottery of the Song dynasty has kept prestige in Chinese tradition, especially the pottery from the "Five Great Kilns" (see Kiln).


Fourth inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt

The fourth inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt as the 32nd president of the United States happened on January 20, 1945. It was the start of the fourth and final term of Franklin D. Roosevelt as president and the only term of Harry S. Truman as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the South Portico of the White House in Washington, D.C., instead of the United States Capitol. This was because of World War II. The inaugural parade and other events were canceled as well. The event was the 40th presidential inauguration. 

This was the one and only time that a president has ever been sworn in to a fourth term in office. After the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution was passed in 1951, this meant that no person could be elected more than twice as president.

Chief Justice Harlan F. Stone administered the oath of office to Roosevelt. Henry A. Wallace administered the vice presidential oath of office to Truman. 

82 days into his term, Roosevelt died, and Truman became the next president.


Assassination of Malcolm X

Malcolm X, an African American Muslim minister and human rights activist was killed in Manhattan, New York City on February 21, 1965 at the age 39 by three gunmen.

Malcolm X was preparing to address the Organization of Afro-American Unity in Manhattan's Audubon Ballroom, someone yelled "Nigger! Get your hand outta my pocket!" Malcolm X's bodyguards tried to stop the disturbance, a man ran and shot Malcolm in the chest with a sawn off shotgun and two other men fired semi automatic handguns towards Malcolm.

Malcolm X was pronounced dead at 3:30 pm, shortly after arriving at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital. The autopsy identified 21 gunshot wounds to the chest, left shoulder, arms and legs, including ten buckshot wounds from the initial shotgun blast.

A30

The A30 is a route connecting Lands End to London, it is 284 miles long and passes through various major destinations, such as London and Basingstoke.

Ek Villain Returns

Ek Villain Returns is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Mohit Suri and jointly produced by Balaji Motion Pictures and T-Series. The movie is a spiritual sequel to Suri's 2014 film "Ek Villain" although its storyline is completely different. "Ek Villain Returns" stars John Abraham, Arjun Kapoor, Disha Patani and Tara Sutaria and Raaj Vishwakarma in lead roles. The film released on July 8, 2022.

The story starts from Ek Villain, 8 years ago, Rakesh Mahadkar, a man, who is a serial killer, murderer of 19 girls has lost his wife for killing another woman. His son Manish was adopted by Guru. but after 8 years another serial killer has taken birth in Mumbai.

A masked intruder barges into an apartment complex, where he attacks and kills a singer named Aarvi Malhotra. The cops deduce that the attack was orchested by Gautham Mehra, who is the son of a businessman named Devesh Mehra. 

Flashback: Gautham is a spoilt brat, who is berated by his father for having created a commotion at Gautham's ex-girlfriend's wedding, where the commotion video is made into a rap song by Aarvi. Due to this, Gautham plans vengeance against Aarvi by pretending to be in love with her and also helps her by scaring her rival Kiran. Aarvi falls for Gautham where she reveals about her father Balkrishnan Shastri, a popular singer, who had an extramartial affair with her mother, but didn't accept either as he already had a family. She tells Gautam that her main goal is to make her father accept her as his daughter by becoming a famous singer. However, Aarvi's childhood photos are leaked by Gautam, where Shastri publicly rejects her as his daughter. Aarvi learns about Gautam's act and ploy, which leaves her heartbroken. Three months after his breakup with Aarvi, Gautam regains his lifestyle, but goes through a phase of self-destruction and redemption, eventually realizing his love for Aarvi when he gets attacked and injured by his ex-girlfriend's husband. Aarvi takes care of Gautam, where he pleads for a chance that he will change himself, but Aarvi leaves with a heavy heart. 

Present: Gautham escapes from the cops headed by ex-CBI officer and DCP Aditya Rathore. ACP V. K. Ganesan surmises that Gautam hasn't killed Aarvi. Later, the cops interrogate a suspect named Bhairav Purohit as Aarvi's phone number was found in Bhairav's phone, but he denies the crime. They release Bhairav due to unsatisfactory evidence. Ganesan finds a pattern explaining that the serial killer, known in the media as the "Smiley Killer", only targets young girls who had one-sided lovers, and also learns that the killer has murdered 18 girls in the past 6 months. The killer sends a man named Ashu, whose ex-girlfriend Pooja was one of the victims, to a news channel and asks him to blame Gautham as the serial killer. Gautham follows Ashu to a train station, but Ashu is killed by the same killer, who is revealed to be Bhairav. A fight ensues between Bhairav and Gautham, where the latter is unable to see his face. Bhairav leaves the train and escapes in his cab. Ganesan checks the CCTV but is unable to find anything. 

Flashback: Bhairav is a cab-driver who also works part-time as a zookeeper along with his friend Keshav, where he meets Rasika Mapuskar, a salesgirl at a clothes shop in a mall, and falls for her deeply, harbouring plans for marriage. One day, Rasika injures a group of rogues with Bhairav's cab, who were eve-teasing her, thus revealing about her dark side to Bhairav. During a vacation in Lonavala, Bhairav decides to propose to Rasika, but sees her getting intimate with her married manager Atul, which leaves Bhairav heartbroken. Rasika later meets Bhairav and instigates him to kill those girls, who have one-sided lover boyfriends. Pooja ultimately becomes his first victim in his attempt to prove his loyalty to Rasika. After this incident, Bhairav is mentally tormented and begins to kill many girls, along with Rasika. After three months, When Aarvi was travelling in Bhairav's cab, the latter misunderstands that Aarvi has duped Gautham, where he, along with Rasika, attacks the complex at night, as Bhairav kills Aarvi.

Present: Gautham learns about Bhairav's zoo address and leaves to confront him. Ganesan is killed by Bhairav, where he heads to the zoo. Gautham learns from Bhairav that Aarvi is alive and that the latter had locked in the zoo. Bhairav frames Keshav as the "Smiley Killer", having taken his detached son Yash into confidence after Yash (who holds a grudge against for being disloyal to Yash after Keshav's wife died) testifies against Keshav. Bhairav walks free while Aditya tries to console an unconvinced Gautam, telling him that the case has been solved with Keshav as the killer. Bhairav and Rasika later return to the zoo, where they kill all the guards posted at the zoo, and tries to kill Aarvi, but Gautham arrives and engages in a deadly combat with Bhairav. It is later revealed that Rasika is dead and that Bhairav is hallucinating Rasika. 

After the vacation at Lonavala, Bhairav became numb after Rasika confesses that she plans to marry Atul, who is ready to ditch his family for her. Barely having avoided an accident, he begs Rasika to accept his feelings, where he unintentionally kills her. After coming back to his senses, Bhairav keeps her body in the freezer at the zoo, where he starts hallucinating Rasika and begins to kill every girl for her sake. Gautham reveals to Bhairav that he saw through his hallucination when Bhairav started talking to Rasika outside the zoo, and tells him that Bhairav's love for Rasika turned into hatred, whereas Gautham's love for Aarvi would always remain the way it was, even if she doesn't accept him. Realizing his mistake, Bhairav opens the tiger's cage and is later attacked by the tiger. Gautham leaves with Aarvi, who reunites with him. Later, Aarvi sings at the concert with the support of Gautam and her fans. 

In the post-credit scene, Rakesh Mahadkar, who survived the accident, has since became a paraplegic, where he meets Bhairav, who is actually alive, having lost his one eye due to the tiger attack, where he recites his promise from the prequel.


Aditya Roy Kapur was originally signed for the role enacted by Arjun Kapoor, but later backed out due to creative differences with director Mohit Suri.

Principal photography began on 1 March 2021. The film was wrapped up on 28 October 2021.

Nick Bosa

Nick Bosa is a American football defensive end that in 2023 plays for the San Francisco 49ers. He is the brother of Joey Bosa, who plays for the Los Angeles Chargers.

Tomie Ōhara

Tomie Ōhara was a Japanese novelist. She is best known for her novel "A Woman called En".

Ōhara was born on 28 September 1912 in Kochi, Japan. Her father was the principal of an elementary school. Her father had an extensive library where she used to read in. Her mother died when she was 10 years old. She studied at Kochi Joshi Shihan Gakko from 1927 to 1930. She quitted school when she contracted tuberculosis. She did not leave the sanatorium until 1938.

Ōhara's writing career began when she was recovering from tuberculosis. She finished writing her first story in 1935. She began gaining attention as a writer with her 1938 story . Her story was shortlisted for the Akutagawa Prize. She then move to Tokyo. She became a member of the Bungei Shuto magazine in 1941.

Her tuberculosis recurred in 1955 and lasted until 1957. She published a short story collection in 1957 titled . Her short story won the Women's Literature Award. The stories in the collection are about patients living in a sanatorium.

She then wrote in 1960. It won the Mainichi Publishing Culture Award and the Noma Literary Prize. Her novel was published in 1970. It won the Women's Literature Award.

In 1976 Ōhara converted to Catholicism. Her new religion had a clear influence on some of her later books.

In 1990 she was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 3rd class. The Ōhara Tomie Museum of Literature opened in 1991. She was named a member of the Japan Art Academy in 1998. Ōhara died on January 27, 2000.


Kelvin Grove State College

Kelvin Grove state college is a state college in Kelvin Grove, Queensland, Australia.

Peppermint bark

Chocolate peppermint bark is a type of chocolate confectionary made from dark chocolate base and white chocolate on top with peppermint (crushed up candy cane or other minty candy) sprinkled on top.

It is sold around Christmas time as a sort of candy or cake decoration and have been made as a flavor or candy product by several large companies. They are also sold by girl scouts who want to sell it as an addition product besides cookies and other desserts and confectionary.

It is made only by using dark chocolate as a base and white chocolate melted down and left to cool then broken up or cut into chunks like peanut brittle and sprinkled on top are crushed mints, sometimes the confectionary is made with only one single type of chocolate or other crushed toppings like peanuts or other chocolates even nougat. It can also be used as a topping for eggnog.

The dessert dates back to the 1960's where on September 12th 1966 the company, William Sonoma invented the treat as a sort of festive candy when the founder of William Sonoma Chuck Williams asked 3 merchants to create a "nostalgic festive treat" and it blew up in the 20th century and as they say "the rest is history".

S.O.B. (movie)

S.O.B. is a 1981 American black comedy movie directed by Blake Edwards and starring Julie Andrews, William Holden, Richard Mulligan, Robert Preston, Robert Webber, Robert Vaughn, Larry Hagman, Loretta Swit, Shelley Winters, Robert Loggia, Jennifer Edwards, Rosanna Arquette. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Cocoanuts

The Cocoanuts is a 1929 American musical comedy movie directed by Robert Florey and Joseph Santley and was based on the 1925 musical of the same name. It stars Marx Brothers, Mary Eaton, Oscar Shaw, Margaret Dumont, Kay Francis, Cyril Ring and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Basarab Laiotă cel Bătrân

Basarab Laiotă cel Bătrân also known as Basarab the Old (d. 22 December 1480) was Prince of Wallachia 5 times within 4 years (1473-1477)

Official Charts

The Official Charts (legal name: The Official Charts Company Limited) is a British organization that compiles various music charts in a number of European territories.


Sarcohyla hapsa

The northern streamside tree frog ("Sarcohyla hapsa") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1280 and 2550 meters above sea level in the Sierra Madre mountains.

River Ravensbourne

The Ravensbourne is one of many rivers which flow into the Thames. Its catchment area is southeast of the Thames. 

The Ravensbourne source rises in Keston, four miles south of Bromley town centre. The river collects many sub-tributaries, such as the River Quaggy. It empties into the Thames at Deptford.

These river names are very old. The Ravensbourne, for example, is noted in the Domesday Book.

In the centre of London the rivers are hidden under the "made" road surfaces (under Fleet Street, for example). The tributaries can usually be seen In the suburbs. The tributaries influenced the positioning of roadways and housing during the 19th century.

Before the 19th century London was a much smaller city. Most of the tributaries to the Ravensbourne ran through country districts at that time.

Tarzan Boy

"Tarzan Boy" is the debut single song by Italian-based act band Baltimora. The song was written by Maurizio Bassi and Naimy Hackett, and released in 1985 as the lead single from Baltimora's debut album "Living in the Background". The song was re-recorded remix and released in 1993, and has been covered by numerous artists such as Modern Romance in 1986, Massimo Noe as Jungle Boy, etc.
The song was also featured in the films and TV shows "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III" (1993), "Beverly Hills Ninja" (1997) and was then referenced in "A Million Ways to Die in the West" (2014), also Turkish/German dubbed version of "Nutri Ventures" using for Massimo Noe's version.

Third inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt

The third inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt as the 32nd president of the United States happened on January 20, 1941. It was the start of the third term of Franklin D. Roosevelt as president and the only term of Henry A. Wallace as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 39th presidential inauguration. 

This was the one and only time that a president has ever been sworn in to a third term in office. After the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution was passed in 1951, this meant that no person could be elected more than twice as president.

Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes administered the oath of office to Roosevelt. John Nance Garner administered the vice presidential oath of office to Wallace. 


Second inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt

The second inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt as the 32nd president of the United States happened on January 20, 1937. It was the start of the second term of Franklin D. Roosevelt as president and John Nance Garner as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 38th presidential inauguration. 

This was the first inauguration to be held on January 20. This was because of the Twentieth Amendment to the United States Constitution, which moved the beginning and end dates for the president and vice president from March 4 to January 20.

This inauguration was also the first to have the vice president take the oath on the inaugural platform, rather than the Senate Chamber. 

The inauguration took place on a rainy day, with the crowds quickly leaving after it ended.

Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes administered the oath of office to Roosevelt. Joseph Taylor Robinson administered the vice presidential oath of office to Garner. 


Dielectric

In electromagnetism, a dielectric (or dielectric material or dielectric medium) is an electrical insulator that can be polarized when the insulator is in an electric field.

Dielectric materials include types of glass, mica, bakelite, plexiglass, and kinds of paper. Dielectric materials reduce the overall electric field, like when one of these materials is inserted in a capacitor. This happens because of polarization in dielectric material. Charges are induced in dielectric materials being used which creates an opposite electric field, resulting in the lowering of the ELECTRIC FIELD it is in. Generally, positive charges are induced in negative plates and vice versa, and so a dielectric material reduces the overall electric field. How it does that is normally represented as the "dielectric constant" (generally represented as "k", in equations), as a result POTENTIAL DIFFERENCE is also reduced by "dielectric constant" times, specifically; if dielectric is inserted in capacitors then new capacitance becomes "dielectric constant" times the original capacitance.

Dielectric materials can be solids, liquids, or gases. (A high vacuum can also be a useful, nearly lossless dielectric; However its relative dielectric constant is only unity.

Solid dielectrics are perhaps the most commonly used dielectrics in electrical engineering. Many solids are very good insulators. Some examples include porcelain, glass, and most plastics. Air, nitrogen and sulfur hexafluoride are the three most commonly used gaseous dielectrics (or gases that are in use as dielectrics).


Isabella de Warenne

Isabella de Warenne (c. 1253 - c. 1292) was the wife of John Balliol, however doubt is shown as to if she survived to see John become king.

Inauguration of Herbert Hoover

The inauguration of Herbert Hoover as the 31st president of the United States happened on March 4, 1929. It was the start of the only term of Herbert Hoover as president and Charles Curtis as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 36th presidential inauguration. 

This was the first inauguration to be recorded by sound newsreels. It was also the second inauguration in which a former president gave the oath of office to a new president. 

Chief Justice and former President William Howard Taft administered the oath of office to Hoover. Charles G. Dawes administered the vice presidential oath of office to Curtis. 

During the oath taking for Hoover, Taft misspoke and said the phrase "preserve, maintain, and defend," instead of "preserve, protect, and defend". A 13-year-old schoolgirl from Walden, New York, caught the error and wrote to the Chief Justice to tell him.


Eppenschlag

Eppenschlag is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Freyung, Bavaria

Freyung is a town in Bavaria, Germany, capital of the Freyung-Grafenau district. It is in the Bavarian Forest mountain range, near the border with Austria and the Czech Republic.

The town is on the southeastern rim of the Bavarian Forest National Park near the confluence of the Saußbach and Reschbach creeks. The town centre is about north of Passau.

Freyung is twinned with


Fürsteneck

Fürsteneck is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Grafenau, Bavaria

Grafenau is a town in the Freyung-Grafenau district, in Bavaria, Germany. 32 km north of Passau, the town is in the Bavarian Forest and is the base of the Bavarian Forest National Park Authority. Grafenau is a holiday destination with a variety of kinds of accommodation from self-catering apartments to a "holiday village".

The town is in the Bavarian Forest at a height between 600 and 700 meters over sea level, right beside the Bavarian Forest National Park. The Kleine Ohe river flows along the east and south of the town. It is close to the Frauenberg.

In April 1945, Major General Stafford LeRoy Irwin opened his XII Corps Headquarters there.

Since 1976 there has been an artificial lake (surrounded by a park) which is used for sport and recreation.

There are museums about the town and surrounding area, including a museum with a collection of traditional furniture, and also a museum about snuff.

The town has curling and ice skating rinks (which are seasonal), and ski drag lifts in an area which in summer months is used for bobsleds. There is also a golf course.

There is a Catholic church, a railway terminus, and a bus station, in addition to a range of hotels, shops, and garage facilities for motorists.


Grafenau is twinned with:

Grainet

Grainet is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Haidmühle

Haidmühle is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

The community is in the Donau-Wald on the Kalte Moldau in the Bavarian Forest, on the border with the Czech Republic. Haidmühle is 25 km from Freyung, 24 km from Waldkirchen, and 20 km from the border with Austria.

A few meters away from the village is the border crossing Nové Údolí ("Neuthal") to Stožec, which is open to pedestrians and cyclists.

Haidmühle was formerly a railway border station, connected by the Waldkirchen–Haidmühle railway to Waldkirchen and Passau, and by the Číčenice–Haidmühle railway to Volary and Prachatice. The section in the Czech Republic is still in use. Part of the route is a museum train Pošumavská jižní dráha in operation.

The municipality contains of the following districts:

There are the following districts: Bischofsreut, Philippsreut, Frauenberg.

Philippsreut

Philippsreut is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the border with the Czech Republic.

Hinterschmiding

Hinterschmiding is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany. Populated places in the municipality include Vorderschmiding.

Vorderschmiding

Vorderschmiding is a village in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany. It is part of the municipality of Hinterschmiding.

Hohenau

Hohenau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Innernzell

Innernzell is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Jandelsbrunn

Jandelsbrunn is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Wollaberg

Wollaberg is a small town in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Wollaberg is in the southern Bavarian Forest, not far from the Czech and Austrian borders. It is not far from Passau, the gateway to the Bavarian Forest. It is placed at an altitude of 769 m above sea level and has about 500 residents. Wollaberg is one of the seven so-called artists villages in the region. The local population is predominantly Catholic.

Mauth

Mauth is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Neureichenau

Neureichenau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuschönau

Neuschönau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau, in the Lower Bavaria region of Bavaria, in Germany.


Perlesreut

Perlesreut is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Ringelai

Ringelai is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Röhrnbach

Röhrnbach is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Saldenburg

Saldenburg is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality contains the following 30 villages and locations: 

Sankt Oswald-Riedlhütte

Sankt Oswald-Riedlhütte is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Schöfweg

Schöfweg is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Schönberg, Lower Bavaria

Schönberg is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Spiegelau

Spiegelau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the heart of the Bavarian Forest.

There are 33 villages in the municipality:
There are also the "Gemarkungen" of Spiegelau, Oberkreuzberg and Klingenbrunn.

Spiegelau is on Zwiesel–Grafenau railway and its station was formerly the junction to the Spiegelau Forest Railway which supporting the major logging industry in the area.


Oberkreuzberg

Oberkreuzberg is a village in the municipality of Spiegelau in the Lower Bavarian district of Freyung-Grafenau in Germany. Until 1978 it was an independent municipality .

The parish village ("Pfarrdorf") is at a height of 780 metres about 2 kilometres southwest of Spiegelau on the southern side of a mountain ridge up to 790 metres high with good views.


Thurmansbang

Thurmansbang is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.

Waldkirchen

Waldkirchen is the biggest town in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Germany.

Zenting

Zenting is a municipality in the Freyung-Grafenau district in Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality is in the Danube Forest ("Donau-Wald") in the middle of the Bavarian Forest. The village is near the Austrian and Czech borders. The Brotjacklriegel (1,016 m) and Aschenstein (945 m) mountains are to the north. Zenting is around 35 km NW of Passau, 13 km from Tittling, 18 km SW of Grafenau, 26 km N of Vilshofen an der Donau and 15 km from the A 3 (Iggensbach exit).

Jack Kiddey

John William Francis Kiddey was born 5 July, 1929 in Christchurch and died 13 November, 2021 in Christchurch. He is a New Zealand former cricketer who played for Canterbury in the Plunket Shield.


‏‎
Wakhi language

Wakhi is an eastern Iranic language spoken in northern Pakistan, northern Afghanistan and southwestern China. It belongs to the northeastern subgrouping of the Eastern Iranic languages.


Percy Pig

Percy Pig is a British brand of pig-shaped gummy sweets by Marks & Spencer introduced in 1992. There are raspberry, strawberry, cherry and grape flavours. Katjes makes them in Germany. More than 10,000,000 bags are sold a year, making Marks & Spencer more than £10,000,000. They contain just under 3.5% fruit juice and are vegetarian.

There were 100, 200, and 400 gram versions until 2008. There are now 100, 170 and 500 gram versions.

Percy Pig was introduced in 1992. There were strawberry, blackcurrant and raspberry flavours.

They were unavailable for a short time in 1997. The Percy Piglets version reached number 11 on British "Vogue"'s "what's hot" list in 2008.

There is a Percy Pig community on Facebook, which has 250,000 members.

Percy Pig talked for the first time in Marks & Spencer's 2021 Christmas advert, voiced by Tom Holland.

Percy Pig sweets once contained gelatin from pigs. A vegetarian version, "Veggie Percy", came out in 2011, using beeswax and pea protein. They have green ears.

In 2016, some versions of Percy Pig sweets started to not use gelatine. All Percy Pig sweets have been vegetarian since May 2019, instead using pectin. New logos and packaging designs were made.

New versions, flavours and characters came out because Percy Pig was successful. "Percy Pig & Pals", one of the first, also has cows (cola flavour), sheep (grape flavour) and "Percy Piglets" (smaller versions) inside. Percy Pig's girlfriend, Penny Pig (lemon flavour), came out in 2010.

There have also been Percy Pig fruit juices, fizzy drinks, chocolates, biscuits, cakes, muffins, ice cream, dessert sauces mince pies and more. A Percy Pig advent calendar came back in 2020 after there was not 2018 and 2019 ones. There are also non-food items, such as toys, books, socks, party items, bed linen and piggy banks.




Other shops sell similar sweets. Some in the United Kingdom are "Eric the Elephant" by Sainsbury's, "Cool Cats" by Tesco, "Stanley Snail" and "Fredrick Frog" by Asda, "Henry Hippo" by Lidl (vegan) and "Dinky Dogs" by Poundland (released in 2019, not vegetarian).

Some outside the United Kingdom are "Juiced Up" in Canada (introduced 2009), "Fred Ferkel" in Germany, "Katja Biggetjes" in the Netherlands, "Petit Cochon" in France (introduced 2007) and "Peggy Pig and Pals" in Australia (introduced in Coles Supermarkets in 2009).


Credit score

Credit score is a number that is based on a person's spending and saving habits. It is often used by banks to tell if you should be able to pay back a debt (eg. a loan).

Most credit scores are between 300 and 850, where a higher value is achieved by paying back debts, and avoiding debts. It is calculated based on the information in a credit report, which shows how much the person has been spending and if they’ve made payments on time. 

Expert witness

An expert witness in law is a person whose opinion is accepted by the judge as an expert on a given topic. This evidence can be disputed by an expert for the other side on the same topic. 

Giuseppe Bisi

Giuseppe Bisi (Genoa, April 10, 1787 - Varese, October 28, 1869) was an Italian painter, chancellery of the viceroy Eugene of Beauharnais, Professor of the Brera Academy since 1838.

Son of the painter and modeler Tommaso Bisi (Genoa 1758 - Milan 2 December 1826). Essentially a painter landscape painting, Giuseppe Bisi outlined his own pictorial way in which nature is simply observed in his everyday life, despite the time, in which the artist lived his artistic youth, evoked atmospheres more markedly Romanticism. His landscapes were purchased by sovereigns and high Italian and foreign nobles, Among his collectors were Napoleon III, Re Carlo Alberto di Savoia, Re Vittorio Emanuele II, the Emperor of Austria Ferdinand I of Austria, the Emperor of Russia Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovich of Russia, etc.

He was professor of landscape at the Brera Academy from 1838 to 1856.

In 1829 he made a study trip to Rome which gave him the starting point for subjects of the Lazio landscape. 
Back in Milan he consolidated his fame and success there. In 1838 he obtained the chair of landscape painting, which had just been established at the Accademia di Brera.

Brother of Michele Bisi, he was the husband of the artist Ernesta Legnani, whom he had married in 1811 with whom he had nine daughters. His daughters Raffaela, Antonietta and Fulvia Bisi. His nephew is the painter Luigi Bisi (Milan, 1814), who later became President of the Brera Academy.


He participated in the Brera exhibitions of 1833, 1835 and 1837.
He exhibited in Turin from 1838.


The rigor of the sign, of neoclassical inspiration, is lightened by the liveliness of the colors, even if sometimes a little glazed, and by the clear transparent atmosphere of waters and skies. From some of his views notable engravings were taken, which he himself sometimes created (series of the Via Mala near Spluga, 1820-1825).




Baritone horn

A Baritone horn (also known as a baritone) is a musical instrument like a tuba but smaller and higher pitched. it is a brass instrument, and it usually is played primarily in bass clef. It has effectively the same sound as a trombone. The baritone is very similar to a euphonium, but baritones are typically smaller. 

Marching baritones are used by marching bands. These can feel very heavy because the person playing it holds it up with only their arms. Marching baritones look like a big trumpet but the tubing is much larger.

Sarcohyla cyclada

The tan-edged tree frog ("Sarcohyla cyclada") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests between 1600 and 2180 meters above sea level, in pine and oak forests at 2370 and 2670 meters above sea level, and in cloud forest and oak and madroño forests between 2121 and 2568 meters above sea level.

This frog changes color. At night, the skin on its back is a very light brown and yellow-brown toward its rear end. During the day, its skin is brown with green marks and green-brown toward its rear end. It has webbing on all four feet, more on the back feet than on the front feet.

People have seen this frog in bromeliad plants that grow on trees. The young have been seen in pools of water in streams.

Herpetologist Duellman says this frog is related to frogs in the "Hyla miotympanum" group.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. Scientists say this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives by cutting down forests to get wood to build with. The fungal disease chytridiomycosis can also kill this frog.

Japanese Air Force One

The Japanese Air Force One（日本国政府専用機）and Japanese Air Force Two are the radio callsigns of the two Boeing 777-300ER aircraft used by the government of Japan for overseas travel by the Emperor, Prime Minister and other high-ranking officials. Each aircraft has a capacity of 140 passengers and can be used for emergency evacuations of Japanese citizens and overseas deployment of Japan Self-Defense Forces personnel. The aircraft are operated by the Japan Air Self-Defense Force.

Maol Choluim II, Earl of Fife

Maol Choluim II, anglicised to Malcolm II (d. 1266) was one of the people involved in the famous coronation of Alexander III in 1249, he reigned as Earl of Fife from 1228 until 1266.

Kenneth II

Cináeda mac Maíl Coluim (Modern Gaelic: "Coinneach mac Mhaoil Chaluim"; 26 February 932 — 25 April 995) often known as Kenneth II was the King of Scotland from 971 until his death in 995. He was the son of Malcolm I of Scotland (Maíl Coluim mac Domnail) and Bethoc. He was the younger brother of King Dub (Dub mac Maíl Coluim) ruled the kingdom from 962 until his death in 967. 

For the first six years of his reign, Kenneth had a dispute with Amlaíb mac Illuilb, the younger brother and heir of of Kenneth's predecessor, Culen. Eventually in 977, Amlaíb died and the dispute between him and the king was over. It was said that Kenneth ordered the murder of Amlaíb. Kenneth would then rule the kingdom effectively until his death in 995 at the age of 63. He was succeded by Constantine III, the son of Kenneth's predecessor.

Apocalypse (miniseries)

Apocalypse is a canceled computer-animated hollywood miniseries produced by Netflix Animation, SpindleHorse Toons, Blur Studio and broadcast on Netflix. The miniseries would be a loose adaptation of first part of the End Times Biblical Chronology popularly known as the "Principle of Sorrows", a social criticism that explores the iceberg of contemporary society, the first installment of Gibsonverso and directed by Carlos Saldanha in his directorial debut of television.

Berlin Anhalter Bahnhof

Berlin Anhalter Bahnhof was one of the most important train stations in Berlin in the 20th century. Today there is the underground station with the same name in Berlin.

Before the World War II, the station had connections to central and southern Germany, Austria and Italy. The station building was damaged in the Bombing of Berlin in World War II. The remains were demolished in 1959 even after public protests.

The "Anhalter Bahnhof" associated Berlin with the Princely or Duchy of Anhalt, today part of the federal state Saxony-Anhalt.

Spreeinsel

The Spreeinsel is between Spree and Spreekanal in the Berlin Mitte. It has three parts.

Middle — Berlin City Cock was there until 1950, it was rebuilt in 2021 for the Humboldt Forum

Southern — Fischer Island

Northern — it was used for gardens till the 19th century, then many museums were built there. Today is known as the Northern Museum Island and has been a World Heritage Site of UNESCO since 1999.

Mark Phillips

Mark Anthony Peter Phillips (born 22 September 1948) was the former husband of Anne, Princess Royal.

Betrayal (1929 movie)

Betrayal is a 1929 American silent drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Emil Jannings, Esther Ralston, Douglas Haig, Gary Cooper, Bodil Rosing. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is a lost movie.


Guillermo Rodríguez

Guillermo Rodríguez may refer to:


Guillermo Rodríguez Lara

Guillermo Antonio Rodríguez Lara (born November 4, 1923)

As commander of the army, he led a military coup d'état executed by a navy commander named Jorge Queirolo G. and forced president José María Velasco into exile, to Buenos Aires, Argentina.

During his rule, drilling the country's oil reserves funded the construction of hospitals, schools, roads (notably, paving the Quito-Tulcán road), the oil refinery at Esmeraldas, and equipment for the armed services. The military removed him from power in 1976.

Rodríguez was born on November 4, 1923 in Pujilí, Ecuador. He was married to Aída Judith León since 1953. He turned 100 on 4 November 2023.

Applause (1929 movie)

Applause is a 1929 American musical movie directed by first time director Rouben Mamoulian and starring Helen Morgan, Jack Cameron, Joan Peers, Henry Wadsworth. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Josh Turner

Josh Otis Turner is an American country and gospel singer and actor. In 2005 he had his first number one song on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs.

He was born on November 20, 1977 in Hannah, South Carolina.




Jon Pardi

Jon Pardi is an American country music singer and songwriter. In 2015 he had his first number one song on Billboard's Country Airplay music chart.

He was born on in Dixon, California.



Sudip Roy Barman

Sudip Roy Barman is an Indian politician from Tripura. He is a member of Indian National Congress. He is the current MLA of Agartala constituency which he has held since 1998 by winning in six elections consecutively by handsome margins.
He completed his BE degree from Tripura Engineering College (Presently known as NIT Agartala) (Mechanical Engineering).

He is member of Indian National Congress and former member of All India Trinamool Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party. He was former President of the Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee and Tripura Pradesh Youth Congress Committee as well as Leader of Opposition in Tripura Legislative Assembly.

He is the son of former Tripura Chief Minister Samir Ranjan Barman.

He was removed as Cabinet Minister of Tripura by CM Biplab Kumar Deb citing anti party activities.

He was involved with National Students’ Union of India during student life. Elected General Secretary of National Students’ Union of India in 1986. General Secretary of Pradesh Youth Congress 1991–1993. Vice President of Pradesh Youth Congress 1994–1996.

He was elected member of Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee in 1997 and was appointed as senior Vice President of Tripura Pradesh Congress Committee in 2001.

He contested assembly election for the first time in 1993 from Agartala constituency against Nripen Chakraborty & lost.

He won assembly elections from the same constituency in 1998, 2003 and 2008 assembly elections by defeating Krishna Rakshit, Sankar Das & Dr. Bikash Roy respectively.

In 2016, he is one of the six MLA from Indian National Congress who joined All India Trinamool Congress, due to various inconsistencies with the Indian National Congress allying with Communist Party of India (Marxist) in 2016 West Bengal Legislative Assembly election.

On 19 December 2016, Barman stole silver mace belonging to the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and ran off with it while INC and AITC MLAs were criticizing Forests Minister Naresh Jamatia over womanizing.

On 7 August 2017, he along with 5 other AITC MLAs of Tripura Legislative Assembly joined BJP in presence of Himanta Biswa Sarma and Dharmendra Pradhan after they cross voted against the party lines in 2017 Indian presidential election.

President of Janakalyan (NGO) of Tripura since 2003. Participated in National Seminar on prevention of AIDS held at New Delhi in 2002. Involved in anti-dowry movement and blood donation camp.

Approximately 200 units of blood have been donated by Pradesh Youth Congress Committee.
Distributed books to down-trodden students every year.

Biplab Kumar Deb

Biplab Kumar Deb (born 25 November 1971) is an Indian politician and former Chief Minister of Tripura. He has been the state president of the Bharatiya Janata Party in Tripura since 7 January 2016 till 2018. He led the BJP to victory in the 2018 Legislative Assembly Election, defeating 25 years rule of the Left Front government led by the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He took his oath as the 10th Chief Minister of Tripura on 9 March 2018. 

Biplab Deb was born on 25 November 1971 in Rajdhar Nagar village, Udaipur, Gomati district, Tripura. His parents had moved to India as refugees from Chandpur District , East Pakistan during liberation war in 1971 before his birth. His father is a citizen of India since 27 June 1967. He spent his childhood and schooling days in Tripura. He graduated from Tripura University before going to New Delhi. He later returned to Tripura after an absence of 15 years.

Biplab Deb was elected the President of Tripura state unit of BJP in January 2017 replacing Sudhndra Dasgupta who was BJP's longest serving state president. He started his political career by campaigning for the 2018 state election. He began his campaign from the Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council which was believed to be the base of the then governing CPI(M). 

On 8 August 2017 Biplab Deb helped bring about the defection of Indian National Congress MLAs led by Sudip Roy Barman to the Bharatiya Janata Party. He led the local BJP into the 2018 Legislative Assembly election, attempting to gain office after 25 years of Left Front rule. 

Deb contested the election from Banamalipur Constituency in Agartala and won by a margin of 9,549 votes, which was held by Indian National Congress MLA Gopal Roy. Deb led the Tripura's Election campaign and defeated Left Front after 25 years by winning 44 seats with his ally Indigenous Peoples Front of Tripura out of possible 60 seats in Tripura.

Deb campaigned on the subject of youth employment opportunities, which he promised to improve if elected Chief Minister of Tripura. He also promised the employees of Tripura that he would implement the 7th Pay Commission once get elected. Deb brought in key BJP ministers from across India to campaign for the party in Tripura.

He took his oath as the 10th Chief Minister of Tripura on 9 March 2018.

In April 2018, Deb stirred disputes by saying that the internet and satellites have existed since the Mahabharata era. He also made remarks on the Civil Service Examination. He said that only civil engineers should sit for civil service exams. 

He also said that international beauty pageants were a farce. He also claimed that the decision to award Miss World and Miss Universe titles to Indian women for five years in a row was market-driven rather than based on the beauty of the participants while questioning the rationale behind awarding Diana Hayden the Miss World pageant.

Bangladeshis

Bangladeshis ( ) are the citizens of Bangladesh, a South Asian country centred on the transnational historical region of Bengal along the Bay of Bengal.

Bangladeshi citizenship was formed in 1971. This was when the permanent residents of the former East Pakistan were transformed into citizens of a new republic. Bangladesh is the world's eighth most populous nation. The vast majority of Bangladeshis are ethnolingustically Bengalis, an Indo-Aryan people who are mainly Muslim. The population of Bangladesh is concentrated in the fertile Bengal delta. It has been the center of urban and agrarian civilizations for millennia. The country's highlands, including the Chittagong Hill Tracts and parts of the Sylhet Division, are home to various tribal minorities.

Bengali Muslims are the main ethnoreligious group of Bangladesh with a population of 135.5 million. This makes up 90.4% of the country's population as of 2011. The minority Bengali Hindu population made up approximately 8.54% of the population of the country according to the 2011 Census Non-Bengali Muslims make up the largest immigrant community; while the Tibeto-Burman Chakmas, who speak the Indo-Aryan Chakma language, are the largest indigenous ethnic group after Indo-Aryan Bengalis. The Austroasiatic Santals are the largest indigenous community.

The Bangladeshi diaspora is concentrated in the Arab world, North America, Canada and the United Kingdom. A significant number of Non-Resident Bangladeshis (NRBs) have dual citizenship in different countries.

Dijon Kameri

Dijon Kameri (born 20 April 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as midfielder for Liefering in the 2nd Austrian League.

Kameri began his youth career at FC Liefering. Then he went on to Red Bull Salzburg academy for the 2018/19 season. After three years at the academy, he was promoted to FC Liefering.

In July 2021 he played his first professional match for Liefering against Kapfenberger SV in the first round of the 2021/22 season. Withe the U19 team of FC Red Bull Salzburg he reached the final of the 2021-22 UEFA Youth League. 

With the start of the 2022-23 season he became member of the FC Red Bull Salzburg squad in the Austrian Bundesliga. He made his debut in a away match versus SC Austria Lustenau on 28 August 2022. He came in in minute 67 for Nicolas Capaldo. In minute 82 he scored his first Bundesliga goal. On 6 September 2022 Kameri played his first match in the UEFA Champions League versus AC Milan.

Sarcohyla cembra

The southern Sierra Madre tree frog ("Sarcohyla cembra") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it at 2370 and 2670 meters above sea level.

Bachelor Mother

Bachelor Mother is a 1939 American romantic comedy movie directed by Garson Kanin and was remake of the 1935 Austrian Hungarian movie "Little Monster". It stars Ginger Rogers, David Niven, Charles Coburn, Frank Albertson, Ferike Boros, Ernest Truex, Dennie Moore and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1940. It was remade as "Bundle of Joy" in 1956.


Jean-Michel Basquiat

Jean-Michel Basquiat was a contemporary artist from New York. He was born in 1960 and died in 1988. He is mainly known for his graffiti today. He is also known for being one of the first black artists. Most if not all of his colleagues were white. He also had problems with illegal drugs. He died of an overdose of heroin.

As an artist, he worked a lot with Andy Warhol.

Tring School

Tring School is a secondary school with academy status, with approximately 1,500 students aged between 11 and 18. It is located on Mortimer Hill on the east side of the town of Tring, Hertfordshire, England. Tring School includes a Sixth Form with over 300 students.

Donald J. Harris

Donald Jasper Harris (born August 23, 1938) is a Jamaican-American economist and professor emeritus at Stanford University, known for applying post-Keynesian ideas to development economics. He is the ex-husband of Indian-American Biomedical Scientist Shyamala Gopalan, and is the father of the 49th and current vice president of the United States, Kamala Harris, as well as of her sister, lawyer and political commentator Maya Harris.

Werner Scholl

Werner Scholl (1922-1944) was the brother of Hans Scholl and Sophie Scholl. Like his siblings, Werner joined the Hitler Youth when Hitler came to power. In 1936, Werner, Sophie, and their sister Inge were arrested by the Gestapo. After being held for a few weeks, Werner was released, but the imprisonment left a mark on him. 

In the Summer of 1939, Werner became the first member of the Scholl family to make an open resistance to the Nazi regime. He resigned from the Hitler Youth, a decision that barred him from being able to take the Arbitur (The test to be able to enter a University). Werner also climbed on top of the statue of Justice at the Courtroom in Ulm to blindfold the Lady of Justice with a swastika flag.

In 1942, Werner was sent out to the Russian front, where, by chance, he was stationed near Hans. The two were able to see each other fairly often.

In February 1943, Werner was given a leave to go home to Ulm. When he came home, he found out that Sophie and Hans had been captured by the Gestapo. Along with his parents, Werner travelled to Munich for the trial, storming into the courtroom just as Roland Freisler was about to give the verdict. After a brief stand-off, the Scholl parents were removed from the room. Because Werner had an army uniform on, he was able to melt into the crowd and be there when the judge announced the verdict: guilty. As those in the courtroom got up to leave, Werner was able to push his way up to see Hans and Sophie one last time. Werner grabbed their hands. Tears welled in his eyes as Hans said to him, “Stay strong. Make no concessions!” 
After his leave was up, Werner was stationed back at Russia. In the middle of 1944, Werner was classified as Missing in Action. He was 22.

Andrea Kossányiová

Andrea Kossányiová (born 6 August 1993) is a Czech volleyball player, playing as a Outside spiker. She is part of the Czech Republic women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 2019 Women's European Volleyball League, winning a gold medal.

On club level she plays for PVK Olymp Prague, VK Agel Prostejov, VK UP Olomouc, and Volley Wrocław.

Second inauguration of Calvin Coolidge

The second inauguration of Calvin Coolidge as the 30th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1925. It was the start of the second and only term of Calvin Coolidge as president and the only term of Charles G. Dawes as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 35th presidential inauguration. 

This was the first inauguration that was broadcasted nationally on radio. It was also the first inauguration in which a former president gave the oath of office to a new president. 

Chief Justice and former President William Howard Taft administered the oath of office to Coolidge. Albert B. Cummins administered the vice presidential oath of office to Dawes. 


Alfa Romeo D2

The Alfa Romeo D2 piston engine was produced from 1931 to 1934. In this 3 years there where 600 build. It has a HorsePower between 240 and 270.


People's Republic of Bulgaria

The People's Republic of Bulgaria was the official name of Bulgaria, when it was a socialist republic from 1946 to 1990. 
It was ruled by the Bulgarian Communist Party (BCP) together with the Bulgarian Agrarian People's Union. Bulgaria was closely allied with the Soviet Union during the Cold War, being part of Comecon and member of the Warsaw Pact. The Bulgarian resistance movement during World War II deposed the Kingdom of Bulgaria administration in the Bulgarian coup d'état of 1944 which ended the country's alliance with the Axis powers and led to the People's Republic in 1946.
The BCP modelled its policies after those of the Soviet Union. They transformed the country over the course of a decade from an agrarian peasant society into an industrialized socialist society. 
In the mid-1950s after the death of Stalin, the party's hardliners lost influence and a period of social liberalization and stability followed under Todor Zhivkov. 
After a new energy and transportation infrastructure was made, by 1960 manufacturing became the dominant sector of the economy and Bulgaria became a major exporter of household goods and later of computer technologies. It earned the nickname of "Silicon Valley of the Eastern Bloc". The country's high productivity levels and high scores for social development made it a model for other socialist countries' policies.
In 1989, political reforms were started. Todor Zhivkov, who had served as head of the party since 1954, was removed from office in a BCP congress. In 1990, under the leadership of Aleksandar Lilov, the BCP changed its name to the Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP) and adopted social democracy and democratic socialism in place of Marxism–Leninism. Following the BSP victory in the 1990 election, which was the first openly contested multi-party election since 1931, the name of the state was changed to the Republic of Bulgaria. Geographically, the People's Republic of Bulgaria had the same borders as present-day Bulgaria. It bordered the Black Sea to the east; Romania to the north; Yugoslavia (via SRs Serbia and Macedonia) to the west and Greece and Turkey to the south.

Inauguration of Warren G. Harding

The inauguration of Warren G. Harding as the 29th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1921. It was the start of the only term of Warren G. Harding as president and the only term of Calvin Coolidge as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 34th presidential inauguration. 

This was the first inauguration in which an automobile was used to transport the president-elect and the leaving president (Woodrow Wilson) to and from the Capitol. However, Wilson did not attend the ceremony himself because of a stroke he got two years before.

Chief Justice Edward D. White administered the oath of office to Harding. Thomas R. Marshall administered the vice presidential oath of office to Coolidge. 

Harding did not finish his term as president, as he died on August 2, 1923. Calvin Coolidge then became the next president.


Alfa Romeo 110

The Alfa Romeo 110 made by Alfa Romeo in Italy, is a piston aircraft engine. The first motor was built in the 1930s, and there where 500 made in total.



Second inauguration of Woodrow Wilson

The second inauguration of Woodrow Wilson as the 28th president of the United States happened privately on March 4, 1917, and publicly on the next day, March 5, 1917. It was the start of the second and final term of Woodrow Wilson as president and Thomas R. Marshall as vice president. 

Two inaugural ceremonies happened because March 4, 1917, was on a Sunday. The first ceremony was done at the President's Room inside the United States Capitol, and the second ceremony was done at the East Front of the United States Capitol Building. The event was the 33rd presidential inauguration.

Chief Justice Edward D. White administered the oath of office to Wilson. Willard Saulsbury Jr. administered the vice presidential oath of office to Coolidge. 

At the same time of the inauguration, women were protesting outside the White House, demanding that women get the right to vote. However, there were groups of men that attacked these protesters. There was more coverage of the altercation than that of the inauguration itself.


Alfa Romeo 115

The Alfa Romeo 115 is a piston engine used on aircraft. It's made in Italy by Alfa Romeo in the 1930s. About 1,600 were made.


Gender binarism

Gender binarism or genderism is the social system or belief that gender is binary and that there are only two gender identities, feminine or masculine.

Misgendering

Misgendering refers to using a word, especially a pronoun or form of address, that does not correctly reflect the gender with which one identifies as.

January 6 United States Capitol attack

On the afternoon of Wednesday, January 6, 2021, thousands of supporters of then-U.S President Donald Trump were in Washington, D.C. to protest against the results of the 2020 presidential election. They went in to support Trump's demand for Vice President Mike Pence and Congress to reject President-elect Joe Biden's victory. The protests soon became riots as thousands of Trump supporters broke into the United States Capitol, damaging the building. Presidential historian Michael Beschloss called the attacks an attempted coup d'etat by the President. The attack of the United States Capitol building was the worst at that place since the War of 1812. 

First, protesters came to the Ellipse for a planned rally. There, Rudy Giuliani called for "trial by combat," then later, Donald Trump told his supporters to march to the United States Capitol "to peacefully and patriotically make your voices heard today," while also asking them to "show strength" and to "fight like hell" for Republicans to "take back our country."

The Trump supporters broke into the Capitol. Congress was in session at the time. All congressmen, lobbyists, news reporters, visitors and Vice President Mike Pence were evacuated to a secure location.

A Trump-supporting female rioter was shot by Capitol Police during the storming. At that time, she was climbing through a barricaded door near the entrance to the hall for the House of Representatives; she died later that day. Three people also died from medical emergencies that day, said the Washington D.C. police. The New York Times said that attackers hit a police officer with a fire extinguisher until he died, but that was later proven not true; it did not really happen.

The attack on the Capitol has been referred to as domestic terrorism.

During the attack, several rioters carried Confederate battle flags or Nazi symbols. For the first time in U.S. history, a Confederate battle flag was flying inside the U.S. Capitol building.

Trump responded to the storming by writing messages on Twitter. In a video, he told protesters: "This was a fraudulent election, but we can't play into the hands of these people. We have to have peace. So go home. We love you. You're very special. You've seen what happens. You see the way others are treated that are so bad and so evil. I know how you feel. But go home and go home in peace." In another message, he wrote: "These are the things and events that happen when a sacred landslide election victory is so unceremoniously & viciously stripped away from great patriots who have been badly & unfairly treated for so long." He continued: "Go home with love & in peace. Remember this day forever!"

5 people died during or shortly after the event: four rioters and one police officer. Fifteen police officers were sent to the hospital, and more than 50 were injured. Members of the mob hit Capitol police officers in the head with lead pipes and other weapons, including flag poles. Howard Liebengood was a Capitol Police officer on duty during the attack. He died by suicide three days later. Jeffrey Smith defended the capitol as part of the Metro Police Department. He killed himself soon after.

Trump was impeached for a second time because of this attack. Some people even wanted Vice President Pence to use the twenty-fifth amendment to remove Trump from office.

The House of Representatives formed a committee, the United States House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack, to investigate the attack and recommend changes that would prevent such an event from happening in the future.

More than 750 people were charged with crimes because of the Capitol attack. More than 200 of these people pleaded guilty, meaning that they agreed not to have trials in exchange for smaller punishments.

Prison sentences have been as long as 22 years (in prison).

On July 20, 2021, one protester was sentenced to 8 months in prison; the trial was held in federal court.

One protester was sentenced to 3 years and 5 months in prison; Jake Angeli also got a 3 years 5 months sentence.

One protester was sentenced to 5 years and 3 months in prison.

Sentences since 2023:

On March 8, 2022, a jury said Guy Wesley Reffitt was guilty of five crimes, including trying to stop Congress from doing its job (counting the votes) and bringing an illegal weapon (a pistol) into the Capitol. Prosecutors showed the jury a video that Reffitt had made of himself breaking into the Capitol and telling other rioters to hurt Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi. Reffitt's son testified against him.

On March 22, 2022, a judge said Couy Griffin was guilty of one crime: Illegally going inside the Capitol. Griffin had asked to be tried by only a judge instead of a judge and jury.


List of programs broadcast by Disney XD

This is a list of television programs that are formerly and currently broadcast by the children's cable television channel Disney XD in the United States.

A list of programs currently broadcast in reruns.

Lion of Al-lāt

The Lion of Al-lāt (Arabic أسد اللات) is an old statue. It is a decoration of the Temple of Al-Lat in Palmyra, Syria. On 27 June 2015, it was badly damaged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). The damage took place after the ISIL had captured Palmyra. The statue was kept at the National Museum of Damascus for repairing. Presently, it is standing again.
The statue of the lion is shown as holding a gazelle. It was made from limestone ashlars in the early first century A.D. It measured in height. It weights 15 tonnes. The lion was regarded as the husband of goddess Al-lāt. The gazelle depicts Al-lāt's tender and loving traits. Bloodshed was not allowed under punishment of Al-lāt's revenge. The lion's left paw had a partially damaged Palmyrene inscription. The inscription (PAT 1122) reads like this: "tbrk ʾ"["lt"] (Al-lāt will bless) "mn dy lʾyšd" (whoever will not shed) "dm ʿl ḥgbʾ" (blood in the sanctuary).

In 1977, the statue was discovered by some Polish archeologists from the Polish Centre of Mediterranean Archaeology of the University of Warsaw (PCMA UW). They were working under Prof. Michał Gawlikowski. The PCMA UW logo design was based on the lion of Al-lāt. The statue was
found in pieces. It had been reused in old times for the temple's foundation. Later, the pieces were collected in front of the gate of the Palmyra Museum. The work was done by restorer Józef Gazy. In 2005, it was restored to prevent problems from collection. Finally, the piece was restored. It was made like its original looks – a relief art jumping out from a wall. During the Syrian Civil War, the statue was covered with a metal plate and sandbags. It is to protect the statue from destruction.

On 27 June 2015, it was badly damaged by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. It was after they had captured Palmyra. After the freedom of Palmyra by the Syrian army, Maamoun Abdulkarim announced that the pieces were still in place. Further, he said that it was possible to put them back together. He was giving hopes for reconstruction. The statue was moved to Damascus in 2016. There, it was completely restored. On 1 October 2017, it was fully restored. Presently, it is placed in the National Museum of Damascus. This is for its safety. Later, it will be moved to Palmyra again.

Pixiu

Pixiu (; Old Chinese (ZS) *"bi-qʰu") is a Chinese mythical creature. Pixiu are considered powerful protectors of feng shui practitioners. They look like strong, winged lions. A Pixiu is a special creature for wealth. It is said to have a want for gold, silver, and jewels. So, Pixiu are always regarded as special creatures that have sacred powers of drawing "cai qi" ( wealth) from all directions.

According to the Chinese zodiac, it is helpful for unlucky people.

There are two kinds of Pixiu based on their antlers. The one with two antlers is the female. She is called a "Bìxié". The one with one antler is the male. He is called a "Tiānlù".


Pixiu can smell gold and silver. They bring their masters money in their mouth. Statues of this creature are often used to attract wealth in feng shui.

Today, Pixiu are a popular design on jade necklaces. It was also shown as a design on the sword of Fa Mulan's character in the 1998 Disney animated feature movie, "Mulan".

Once Pixiu broke the rules of Heaven by discharging faeces on the floor of Heaven. When it was found out, it was punished by the Jade Emperor. The punishment of spanking was hard enough to cause its anus to be permanently sealed. The Jade Emperor further announced that the food of the Pixiu would be restricted to gold, silver, and jewels.

Another story describes the Pixiu as the well-behaved youngest son of the Dragon King. He was spoiled by his parents. One day, Pixiu played on the Dragon King's desk and broke a seal by mistake. The seal showed the power of the Dragon King. The Dragon King became very angry. He used magic to turn Pixiu into an animal. He then sealed his rectum. He announced that from then on, Pixiu could only eat things representing wealth.

Pixiu have a fame of being wild animals. The large fangs can be seen in their mouths. These are used to attack demons and evil spirits. It could convert them to wealth. Pixiu also guard against disease caused by these evil spirits. Pixiu patrols the Heavens to keep demons away and to protect their owners from all harms.

Pixiu would always and constantly guard its master, even after he passed from this life onto the next world. Pixiu would help their masters to go to Heaven by flying them up to Heaven on their backs.

Jade Emperor

The Jade Emperor ( or , ') is one of the representations of the first god ( ') in Chinese mythology and religion. In Daoist theology, he is associated with Yuanshi Tianzun, one of the Three Pure Ones. He is also the " ("Highest Power") of Caodaism. He is often identified with Śakra in Chinese Buddhist cosmology. In Korean mythology, he is known as Haneullim.

The Jade Emperor is known by many names. Some names include (1) the Heavenly Grandfather (, '), which originally meant "Heavenly Duke", (2) the Jade Lord; (3) the Highest Emperor; (4) Great Emperor of Jade (, ' or , ").

The Jade Emperor was originally the assistant of the Divine Master of the Heavenly Origin, Yuanshi Tianzun. Yuanshi Tianzun is the supreme beginning, the limitless and eternal creator of Heaven and Earth. He picked Yu-huang, or the Jade Emperor, as his personal successor.

The Jade Emperor will later be succeeded by the Heavenly Master of the Dawn of Jade of the Golden Door (). The characters for both are shown on the front of the arms of his throne.

In two traditional writing texts produced in 1925 and 1972, Guan Yu became the 18th Jade Emperor in about 1840 AD. However, some have disagreed that Guan Yu has succeeded. And thus the Jade Emperor and Guan Yu are often worshiped separately. In Tienti teaching, the ruling Jade Emperor has 55 predecessors. However, this is from the opinion of the Chinese folk religion. Many Taoists do not believe these claims to be true.

The Jade Emperor's Birthday () falls on the ninth day of the first lunar month. On this day, Taoist temples perform a Jade Emperor ritual (, "", literally "heaven worship"). In this, priests and common people lie straight on the ground, burn incenses and make food offerings.

Alfa Romeo 121

The Alfa Romeo 121 was an Italian aircraft engine produced by Alfa Romeo. It has a Horsepower of 380.


Alfa Romeo 125

The Alfa Romeo 125 is an Italian piston aircraft engine made by Alfa Romeo in the 1930s. between 1934 and 1944 there where 11,000 units built.


Chang'e

Chang'e () or Chang-Er or Chang-o or Heng'e is the Chinese female deity of the Moon. She is the topic of many stories in Chinese mythology. Most of her stories are associated with Houyi, the archer, an Emperor, an elixir of life and the Moon. She was married to Houyi. In present days, the Chinese Lunar Exploration Program was named after her.

There are many stories about Chang'e. The following is about the origin of the Mid-Autumn Festival. In one version, long time ago, Chang'e was a beautiful woman. Ten suns had risen together into the skies. They had scorched the Earth. Thus, it caused hardship for the people. Houyi, the archer, shot down nine of them. He left just one Sun. He was given either two or one with enough for two elixirs of immortality as a reward. He did not drink it directly. He let Chang'e keep it with her because he did not want to be immortal without his beloved wife. However, while Houyi went out hunting, his enemy Fengmeng went into his house. And he tried to force Chang'e to give the elixir to him. She drank them instead of giving them to Fengmeng. Then, Chang'e flew upward past the heavens. There, she chose the Moon as her home. As she loved her husband, she wanted to live nearby him. That is why she chose the moon. Houyi found out what had happened and felt sorry. So, he displayed the fruits and cakes that Chang'e had enjoyed. Then, he killed himself.

In older versions of the story, Chang'e stole the elixir from Houyi. Then, she drank it and flew away to the Moon. Then, her husband could not go after her. Chang'e appears in Wu Cheng'en's late 16th-century novel, "Journey to the West".

Charlie Rich

Charles Allan Rich was an American country music singer, songwriter, and musician. 1960 was the first time he had a song on Billboard Hot 100 music chart.

Rich was born and raised in Arkansas, United States, to rural cotton farmers. He attended Consolidated High School in Forrest City. 

He was born on December 14, 1932 in Colt, Arkansas.

He died on July 25, 1995.

Charlie died July 25, 1973 at a motel in southeastern Louisiana city, while travelling to Florida with his wife.

Mid-Autumn Festival

The Mid-Autumn Festival or the Moon Festival or the Mooncake Festival is a traditional festival celebrated in mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, and Vietnam, as well as by overseas Chinese and Vietnamese people. Similar holidays are celebrated in Japan, Korea, and across many Southeast Asian regions.

It is one of the most important holidays in Chinese culture. Its popularity is at the same level with that of Chinese New Year. The history of the Mid-Autumn Festival dates back to 3,000 years back. The festival is held on the 15th day of the 8th month of the Chinese lunisolar calendar. It is celebrated in a full moon night. It is during the mid-September to early October according to the Gregorian calendar. On this day, the Chinese believe that the moon is at its brightest and fullest size. This coincides with the harvesting time in the middle of Autumn.

Lanterns of all sizes and shapes, are carried and displayed. This symbolises that light brings people's way to prosperity and good luck. Mooncakes, are traditionally eaten during this festival. These are mostly filled with sweet-bean, egg yolk, meat or lotus-seed paste. The Mid-Autumn Festival is based on the story of Chang'e, the moon goddess in Chinese mythology.

An important part of the festival celebration is Moon worship. The ancient Chinese people believed in renewing associated with the Moon and water. This concept is related to the menstruation of women. So, they called it "monthly water".
A very important part of celebrating the festival is carrying the bright lanterns and lighting them on towers or floating sky lanterns. Another tradition involving lanterns is to write riddles on them and have other people try to guess the answers ().

Lantern usages were not combined with Moon-worship before the Tang dynasty. Traditionally, the lantern has been used to represent fertility. The laterns act mainly as a toy and decoration. But today the lantern has come to depict the festival itself. In the old days, lanterns were made in the image of natural things, myths and local cultures. As time passed, a greater variety of lanterns could be found as local cultures became influenced by their neighbors.

As China gradually evolved from a farming society to a mixed farming and trading one, traditions from other festivals began to be brought into the Mid-Autumn Festival. For example, the putting of lanterns on rivers to help the souls of the drowned as practiced during the Ghost Festival. During the Qing dynasty, Hong Kong fishermen would put up lanterns on their boats for the Ghost Festival. They keep the lanterns up until Mid-Autumn Festival.

Giovanni Fattori

Giovanni Fattori (1825-1908) was an Italian painter. His works are seen as impressionist today. He was a member of a group of painters known as Macchiaioli.

Lou Grant

Lou Grant is a fictional character in "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" and its related TV show "Lou Grant".

Ed Asner played Lou Grant.

Lachin corridor

Lachin corridor a six-kilometer mountain corridor in Azerbaijan that connects Armenia and the self-proclaimed Republic of Artsakh. The territory of the corridor today consists of three settlements: the villages of Zabukh, Sus and the city of Lachin.

After the First Nagorno-Karabakh War in 1994, the area was occupied by the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. Following the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war it is now controlled by Russian peacekeepers.

Sarcohyla miahuatlanensis

The Sierra Miahuatlan spikethumb tree frog ("Sarcohyla miahuatlanensis") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have only seen it in one place: a pine-oak forest in the Sierra de Miahuatlán, Oaxaca.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about the frog say it is similar to the southern Sierra Madre tree frog in size, but it is a different color.

Alfa Romeo 126

The Alfa Romeo 126 is an Italian piston aircraft engine made by Alfa Romeo.


Alfa Romeo 128

The Alfa Romeo 128 is an Italian piston aircraft engine made Alfa Romeo. It was commonly used in World War II aircraft.


Alfa Romeo 135

The Alfa Romeo 135 is an Italian piston aircraft engine made Alfa Romeo. designed in 1934-1935 and got it's first test in 1938.



Prophage

A prophage is a bacteriophage genome. It is part of the circular bacterial DNA chromosome, or it is a plasmid outside the circular chromosome.. 

This is a latent form of a phage: the viral genes are there in the bacterium but cause no disruption of the bacterial cell. 

Pro means "before", so, prophage means the stage of a virus inserted into host DNA "before being activated inside the host".

Prophages are important agents of horizontal gene transfer.

Alfa Romeo Lynx

The Alfa Romeo Lynx is an Italian piston aircraft engine made Alfa Romeo. It's a licensed version of the Armstrong Siddeley lynx.

Alfa Romeo RA.1000

The Alfa Romeo RA.1000 is an Italian piston aircraft engine made Alfa Romeo.

Agusta GA.70

The Agusta GA.70 is a Italian piston aircraft engine made by Agusta.



Agusta GA.140

The Agusta GA.140 is a Italian piston aircraft engine made by Agusta.



Agusta

Agusta is an Italian Helicopter and engine builder. it was found by Giovanni Agusta in 1929. Its headquarter is in samarate, Italy.

It is since the year 2000 that it merged with the company westland to create the now famous AgustaWestland.



Leucadendron

Leucadendron is a genus of about 80 species of flowering plants in the family Proteaceae, endemic to South Africa, where they are a prominent part of the fynbos ecoregion and vegetation type.


Social services

Social services, also called Welfare service or Social Work are any publicly or privately provided services intended to aid disadvantages
, distressed and vulnerable person or groups. The social services also denotes the Profession engaged in rendering such services.

Death watch beetle

The deathwatch beetle ("Xestobium rufovillosum") is a species of woodboring beetle. It lives in pieces of wood and can sometimes be found in the wooden parts of old buildings. The adult beetle is brown and about long. Eggs are laid in dark crevices in old wood inside buildings, trees, and inside tunnels left behind by previous larvae. The larvae bore into the timber. Larvae feed for up to ten years before pupating, and later emerging from the wood as adult beetles. Timber that has been damp and is affected by fungal decay is soft enough for the larvae to chew through. They use enzymes present in their gut to digest the cellulose and hemicellulose in the wood.

The larvae of deathwatch beetles weaken the structural timbers of a building by tunnelling through them. Treatment with insecticides to kill the larvae does not work. Killing the adult beetles when they emerge in spring and early summer may be a better option. Infestation by these beetles is mostly in historic buildings, because modern buildings tend to use softwoods for joists and rafters instead of aged oak timbers, which the beetles prefer.

To attract mates, the adult insects create a tapping or ticking sound that can sometimes be heard in the rafters of old buildings on summer nights; therefore, the deathwatch beetle is associated with quiet, sleepless nights and is named for the vigil (watch) being kept beside the dying or dead. By extension, a superstition has grown up that these sounds are an omen of impending death.

Aerosport-Rockwell LB600

The Aerosport-Rockwell LB600 is an engine made by Aerosport and is based on a snowmobile. 

Aerosport

Aerosport was a company founded by Harold Woods in Holly Springs, North Carolina in 1971.

They make aircraft and engines.



Rockwell

Rockwell is a major American manufacturer of aircraft.


Aeronca E-113

The Aeronca E-113 is a piston engine made by Aeronca.


Tabyin-ul-Kalam

Tabyin-ul-Kalam was an Urdu-language book. It was written around 1862 by Syed Ahmed Khan. It was written as a commentary on the Bible. It has a comparative study of Islam and Christianity in order to improve the relationship between British people and Muslims. He proved from this book the basic "similarities between Islam and Christianity".

In the first discourse of Tabyin-ul-Kalam, he deals with “the necessity of coming of Prophets to save mankind” based on Quranic studies. In the second volume of his Tabyin ul-Kalam, the advocacy of a non-literal reading of the Qur'an (and the Bible) is found.

Although due to lack of resources this work was not finished, yet it showed Syed's commitment to improve relations.


Aeronca

Aeronca is an American aircraft manufacturer and its headquarters is in Middletown, Ohio.


ABC Wasp

The ABC Wasp is a Piston aircraft engine. It's made in the UK By ABC Motors. The first engine was made in 1916 and there where 56 engines made.






ABC Scorpion

The ABC Scorpion is a piston aircraft engine. It's made in the UK By ABC Motors. The first engine was made in 1921.



ABC Motors

ABC Motors is a United Kingdom engine and aircraft manufacturer. The headquarter is in Hersham, surrey.



Zipporah

Zipporah is a woman in the Bible. She is in the Book of Exodus. She is the daughter of Reuel/Jethro, the priest and prince of Midian. She marries Moses.

Bentley BR1

The Bentley BR1 is a Britsh piston aircraft engine made by Bentley during the First World War. 


Structuring

Structuring, also called smurfing is a way to cheat in American banking. It is the act of breaking a large sum of money into smaller sums to hide it from the law. Some United States laws, for example the Bank Secrecy Act and Internal Revenue Code say people have to tell the government if they move large amounts of money all at once. By moving the money in smaller amounts, people can sneak past the law. People might structure if they are trying to make criminal money look like honest money or committing fraud.

Structuring is the act of dividing a large financial transaction, for example a payment or bank deposit, into many smaller ones to sneak past the law. The structurer, or "smurf," makes sure each smaller sum is lower than the number that the law says must be reported. For example, if the limit is $10,000 in one day, the structurer will move no more than $9,999.99 in one day. groups of criminals sometimes use many smurfs who move money.

The word "smurfing" comes from the Smurfs, which are fictional people from comic books. The Smurf village has a large group of many small people. A Miami lawyer named Gregory Baldwin may be the person who first named structuring "smurfing." People have called it that since the 1980s.

In the United States, the Bank Secrecy Act says people must write the government currency transaction reports (CTRs) if they buy, sell, or deposit money worth $10,000 or more. This is either in USD or any money from any other country. Financial institutions, for example banks, that think someone might be smurfing have to tell the government about it. They file a suspicious activity report (SAR). In 1986, the U.S. Congress passed a new part of Title 31 of the United States Code:

No person shall, for the purpose of evading the reporting requirements of section 5313 (a) or 5325 or any regulation prescribed under any such section, the reporting or record keeping requirements imposed by any order issued under section 5326, or the record keeping requirements imposed by any regulation prescribed under section 21 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or section 123 of Public Law 91–508—[...]

(3) structure or assist in structuring, or attempt to structure or assist in structuring, any transaction with one or more domestic financial institutions.

This law also says that people who smurf may be punished with paying their own money, five years in prison, or both. The filing of Form 8300 is required under Internal Revenue Code section 6050I.

If a bank files a suspicious activity report, a judge may issue a warrant. This is a piece of paper that says, in this case, the police or other agents may take the money in the smaller payments and hold it as evidence. Even if the person or business was not really smurfing, they still have to hire lawyers and go to a court of law. This can cost $20,000 or more.

In 2014, "The New York Times" printed a story about money taken from innocent people in this way. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) then changed the way it worked.

If a banks thinks a customer is smurfing and files a suspicious activity report, the bank is not allowed to tell the customer about it unless the customer asks. Sometimes bank desk employees will warn customers anyway.

The word "smurfing" is also for drugss, for example pseudoephedrine. In this type of smurfing, the agent buys small amounts of legal drugs from many places, then puts the small amounts together to make enough to make the illegal drug methamphetamine. Also, since the monthly pseudoephedrine purchase limits in US are too low for mass meth production, this practice often involves using multiple people, other "smurfs."

As Robert Pennal of the Fresno Meth Task Force explains:

Then we started seeing "smurfing." Remember how the smurfs were little gatherers? We started getting calls from different retail stores that people were buying two or three packs—that's the most you can buy—and they went to one store, they bought three, they went to another store, bought three. We're seeing blister packs everywhere because they're sitting in the car, they're punching the pills out of the blister packs, they're putting them in the freezer bags and they're turning them over to chemical brokers.



Bentley BR2

The Bentley BR2 is a Britsh piston aircraft engine made by Bentley during the first world war.



Manometer

A manometer is a device that is able to measure the pressure of a medium (a liquid, or a gas), it is also used to check the pressure of cylinder but it can only check the inner pressure not outer. In most cases, the relative pressure will be measured. A barometer can measure the absolute pressure, compared to a vacuum.A common simple manometer consists of a U-shaped glass tube filled with a liquid. It is a simple pressure gauge and it's measure difference in pressure exerted at the two ends of the glass tube. The name ("manometer") comes from Ancient Greek, μανός manós -thin and μέτρον métron measurement, or ruler. Many animals have a tympanic membrane (or eardrum), which only reacts to changes in pressure similar to a manometer.

General Secretary of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party

General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party is the office of the highest-ranking member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP). That person is also typically (or usually) the supreme leader of Laos.

Meldreth

Meldreth is a village in South Cambridgeshire, and is south-west of Cambridge. From the 2011 Census the population was 1,783.

Acrisure Stadium

Acrisure Stadium is a sports stadium located in downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Acrisure Stadium is the home stadium facility of the Pittsburgh Steelers NFL franchise and the University of Pittsburgh Panthers college football team. The stadium sits on approximately 12.4 acres of land and has a capacity of 64,450. Acrisure Stadium is only used as a football facility. The stadium opened in August 2001 and the Steelers debuted there during the 2001-2002 NFL season.

Bridei III

Bridei III (616-693) was King of the Picts from 672 until 693, he defeated the Northumbrian king Ecgfrith and killed him at the Battle of Nechtansmere in 685.

Portrait of the artist Carlo Bazzi (Beltrame)

Portrait of the artist Carlo Bazzi is a painting by the italian painter Achille Beltrami, made in 1910, that shows the artist Carlo Bazzi.



Critical race theory

Critical race theory (CRT) is a way that scholars study and teach civil rights and the history of race, especially in the United States. Critical race theory shows another way of thinking and doing things than mainstream American liberal racial justice. CRT looks at social, cultural, and legal things and the way they affect race and racism. CRT says that the reason white people ended up and stayed richer and more politically powerful than people of other races was not only because of people acting racist on purpose. It was also because of complicated, changing social rules that people didn't always know were there.

American legal scholars started CRT in the mid-1970s. Derrick Bell, Alan Freeman, Kimberlé Crenshaw, Richard Delgado, Cheryl Harris, Charles R. Lawrence III, Mari Matsuda, and Patricia J. Williams wrote about it. It became a movement by the 1980s. Critical race theory included some theories of critical legal studies (CLS) but it put more focus on race. CRT uses critical theory and scholars Antonio Gramsci, Sojourner Truth, Frederick Douglass, and W. E. B. DuBois are in it, as well as the Black Power, Chicano, and radical feminist movements from the 1960s and 1970s.

CRT scholars think about race as an intersectional social construct. "Social construct" means that it comes from society's rules and not from the physical world. For example, money is a social construct. A piece of paper is worth money because the society agrees that it is. For example, which continent someone's ancestors came from is a real thing. However, whether or not that is important is a social construct. When CRT says that race is not "biologically grounded and natural," it does not mean that human beings from different parts of Earth do not look different. It means that the rules around looking different are made up. Instead, they think of race as an idea that makes life easier for white people by making it worse for people in other races. In legal studies, CRT says that even laws that are color blind, meaning laws that look like they are not about race, can still have racist effects. CRT focuses on intersectionality, which means that race affects other identities, for example gender and social class, to produce complicated effects on power and advantage.

Scholars who do not think CRT is good say that CRT acts as if storytelling is more important than evidence and logic, that it does not treat truth and merit as important enough, and that it does not value liberalism enough.
Since 2020, conservative U.S. lawmakers have tried to keep CRT and other antiracism education out of primary and secondary schools. CRT is only taught at the university level, though some lower-level curricula do teach some CRT without calling it that. Supporters of CRT say these lawmakers don't talk honestly about CRT and that what they really want is for people to stop talking about racism, equality, social justice, and the history of race in America.

In his introduction to the comprehensive 1995 publication of critical race theory's key writings, Cornel West describes CRT as "an intellectual movement that is both particular to our postmodern (and conservative) times and part of a long tradition of human resistance and liberation." 

Law professor Roy L. Brooks defines critical race theory in 1994 as "a collection of critical stances against the existing legal order from a race-based point of view". "Education Week" describes the core of CRT as the idea that that race is a social construct and racism is neither an individual bias nor prejudiceit is "embedded in the legal system" and supplemented with policies and procedures.

University of Alabama School of Law professor Richard Delgado, a co-founder of critical race theory, defines it in 2017 as "a collection of activists and scholars interested in studying and transforming the relationship among race, racism, and power".

Gloria Ladson-Billings, a pedagogical theorist who introduced CRT to the field of education in 1994, describes CRT as an "interdisciplinary approach that seeks to understand and combat race inequity in society."

Delgado and legal writer Jean Stefancic wrote an article in 1998 called "Critical Race Theory: Past, Present, and Future." According to that article, CRT began with Derrick Bell in his 1976 "Yale Law Journal" article, "Serving Two Masters" and his 1980 "Harvard Law Review" article "Brown v. Board of Education and the Interest-Convergence Dilemma." 

Bell started out as a civil rights lawyer. He won 300 civil rights cases for the NAACP in Mississippi. Later, he worked as a professor at Harvard Law School. There, Bell made new classes about American law and how it worked with race.

In 2001, Delgado and Stefancic also wrote "Critical Race Theory: a Introduction". That book talked about Bell's "interest convergence" as a "means of understanding Western racial history." The focus on desegregation after the 1954 Supreme Court decision in Brown v. Board of Educationdeclaring school segregation unconstitutionalleft "civil-rights lawyers compromised between their clients' interests and the law." Many Black parents wanted better schools for their children but the lawyers wanted a "breakthrough," a famous case that would change things for the whole country. In 1995, Cornel West said that Bell was "virtually the lone dissenter" because he wrote articles in famous law review publications challenging the ways people thought about the law and people of color. 

Bell wrote his own material for the classes he taught. In 1970, he turned them into a book called "Race, racism, and American law". He became Harvard Law School's first Black tenured professor in 1971. In 1980, Bell resigned from the university because he thought it was doing racist things, and he became the dean at University of Oregon School of Law. Later, he went back to Harvard as a visiting professor. While he was away from Harvard, his supporters organized protests against Harvard's lack of racial diversity in the classes, student body, and teachers. In 1981, one student protest started a new class based on Bell's course and textbook. In that class, students brought in visiting professors, such as Charles Lawrence, Linda Greene, Neil Gotanda, and Richard Delgado, to teach "Race, racism, and American law". 

The students asked faculty members who were people of color to teach the new courses. The university said no to the things the students wanted. They said there was no black instructor who was qualified to teach the course. Legal scholar Randall Kennedy wrote that some students had "felt affronted" by Harvard's choice to hire an "archetypal white liberal... in a way that precludes the development of black leadership." 

Delgado and Stefancic said Alan Freeman, who wrote in the 1970s, was also part of the beginning of critical race theory. In his 1978 "Minnesota Law Review" article, Freeman wrote about the Supreme Court and civil rights laws from 1953 to 1969. He said their interpretation of the law was too narrow to stop racial discrimination. In his article, Freeman said there were two ways to look at racial discrimination: victim and perpetrator. To the victim, racial discrimination was about real-world conditions and about the "consciousness associated with those objective conditions." To the perpetrator, racial discrimination was only about being able to perform actions without thining about the real-world conditions of the victims, such as the "lack of jobs, lack of money, lack of housing." 

In 1989, Kimberlé Crenshaw, Neil Gotanda, and Stephanie Phillips did a workshop at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. They called it "New Developments in Critical Race Theory." This was when people started calling it "Critical Race Theory." They said it would be an "intersection of critical theory and race, racism, and the law." Crenshaw chose Harvard to study under Bell because she had learned about him at Cornell. Crenshaw organized the alternative course using Bell's course materials. She was part of a group of students who considered themselves part of the "post-civil rights generation".

After this meeting, legal scholars started writing more articles with critical race theory in them, including over "300 leading law review articles" and books. In 1990, Duncan Kennedy published an article about affirmative action in law schools in the "Duke Law Journal", and Anthony E. Cook published his article "Beyond Critical Legal Studies" in the "Harvard Law Review". In 1991, Patricia Williams published "The Alchemy of Race and Rights", while Derrick Bell published "Faces at the Bottom of the Well" in 1992. Cheryl I. Harris published her 1993 "Harvard Law Review" article "Whiteness as Property" in which she described how looking like a white person led to benefits similar to owning property. In 1995, 24 legal scholars contributed to a major compilation of key writings on critical race theory. 

Although CLS criticized the way the legal system had made and protected social structures that allowed racism or made it worse, CLS did not talk about how to solve this problems. Derrick Bell and Alan Freeman said that CLS could not provide solutions unless it talked about race and racism. CRT criticized CLS for focusing too much on class and economic structures and not enough on race. 

In 1995, Gloria Ladson-Billings and William F. Tate started using critical race theory in education. In an article they wrote in 1995, Ladson-Billings and Tate talked about why education focused on what white people think of as normal. They looked at how schooling was not always fair and equal. Other scholars have since spread this to school segregation in the U.S.; relations between race, gender, and academic achievement; pedagogy; and ways of studying social problems.

According to University of Edinburgh philosophy professor, Tommy J. Curry, by 2009, many agreed with CRT's idea that race was socially constructed, not "biologically grounded and natural." "Social construct" means that even though how much dark pigment different people have in their skin is a real thing, and which continent their ancestors came from is a real thing, whether or not those facts are important is made up by society. For example, money is a social construct. A round piece of metal is real. A piece of paper with ink on it is real. But societies decide whether the metal is a coin and whether the paper is paper money.

, over 20 American law schools and at least three non-American law schools offered critical race theory courses or classes. Critical race theory is also used in education, political science, women's studies, ethnic studies, communication, sociology, and American studies. Critical race theory also works with specific groups, for example Latino-critical (LatCrit), queer-critical, and Asian-critical movements. These groups work with with the main body of critical theory research. Over time, they found their own goals and ways of finding information. CRT has also been taught outside the United States, including in the United Kingdom and Australia.

Richard Delgado and Jean Stefancic say that critical race theory has several themes:

Scholar Karen Pyke studied and wrote papers about internalized racism or internalized racial oppression. This is when people who suffer from racism start to believe that they are not as good as whites or that their culture is not as good as white culture. They think this not because they are less intelligent or easier to trick than other people are. Instead, it is because this is how authority and power in society make people feel.

Camara Phyllis Jones defines institutionalized racism like this:
In other words, institutionalized racism is when the society is set up to help some people more than others and hurt some people more than others and it isn't always easy to see this happening. With institutionalized racism, a white person does not need to do anything racist to a non-white person. The rules of the society do it for them. For example, the schools in white neighborhoods might have more and newer computers than the schools in black neighborhoods, which means the white schoolchildren will get better grades even if the black schoolchildren work just as hard. The people at the white school might not know that the people at the black school have worse computers. In English, we say this as, "this is not a level playing field."

Critical race theory is like critical theory, critical legal studies, feminist jurisprudence, and postcolonial theory. Tommy J. Curry wrote that the epistemic ways in which these ways of thinking are similar come from idealism. Idealism is about discourse (i.e., how individuals speak about race) and the theories of white Continental philosophers and the way they talk about structural and institutional stories about white supremacy. These ways of speaking and thinking are important to realist analysis of racism from Derrick Bell's early writing. Black thinkers, for example, W. E. B. Du Bois, Paul Robeson, and Judge Robert L. Carter wrote about them even more.

Critical race theory uses the things critical legal studies says are important. It also uses ways of looking at things from critical legal studies and civil rights scholarship, but it also argues with them. Critical race theory takes its theory from many places. Angela P. Harris says critical race theory has the same "commitment to a vision of liberation from racism through right reason" as civil rights tradition. It deconstructs some premises and arguments of legal theory and simultaneously holds that legally constructed rights are incredibly important. Derrick Bell says that Harris thinks critical race theory is committed to "radical critique of the law (which is normatively deconstructionist) and... radical emancipation by the law (which is normatively reconstructionist)."

Scholars of critical race theory have used it to look at hate crime and hate speech. The U.S. Supreme Court made a ruling on hate speech in "R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul" in 1992. In that ruling, the Court struck down an anti-bias ordinance. In that case, a teenager who had burned a cross. Mari Matsuda and Charles Lawrence argued that the Court had not looked closely at the history of racist speech and the actual injury that racist speech can cause.

Critical race theorists also say affirmative action is good. They say that rules for whom to fire or whom to let into a good school that are officially based only on "merit," for example grades alone, are not really race-neutral.

According to the "Encyclopedia Britannica", "aspects of CRT have been criticized by legal scholars and jurists from across the political spectrum." Critics say it has a "postmodern way of looking at the truth. It also says critical race theory opposes "the traditional liberal ideals of neutrality, equality, and fairness in the law and legal procedures and of unreasonably spurning the notion of objective standards of merit in academia and in public and private employment, instead interpreting any racial inequity or imbalance in legal, academic, or economic outcomes as proof of institutional racism and as grounds for directly imposing racially equitable outcomes in those realms." People who want to use CRT have also been accused of calling criticism of CRT racist.

In 1997, law professors Daniel A. Farber and Suzanna Sherry said that critical race theory did not have enough evidence to support it. Instead, they said, it was based on the belief that reality was a socially construct, that it pushed away evidence to use storytelling instead, rejected truth and merit as ways of looking at political dominance, and rejected the rule of law. In 1995, Farber and Sherry wrote that anti-meritocratic tenets in critical race theory, critical feminism, and critical legal studies may unintentionally lead to antisemitic and anti-Asian implications. They wrote in 1997 that if the system really is unfair in its structure the way critical race theorists say it is, then the success of Jews and Asians might make people say they cheated. In 2017, Delgado and Stefancic wrote a response: They said that there was a difference between criticizing an unfair system and criticizing individuals who do well inside that system.

In a 1999 "Boston College Law Review" article called "Race, Equality and the Rule of Law: Critical Race Theory's Attack on the Promises of Liberalism", First Amendment lawyer Jeffrey J. Pyle said that critical race theory undermined confidence in the rule of law. He wrote that "critical race theorists attack the very foundations of the liberal legal order, including equality theory, legal reasoning, Enlightenment rationalism and neutral principles of constitutional law."

Critical race theory inspired many arguments in the United States. The first were in the 1980s. People argued about the way critical race theory questioned color blindness. Color blindness, in this article, means the idea that one person can completely ignore another person's race and treat them fairly no matter what. People also argued about how critical race theory used narrative in legal studies, advocating "legal instrumentalism" instead of ideal-driven uses of the law. People also argued about how critical race theory looked at the U.S. Constitution and other laws and they way they hleped white people keep power over other people. People also argued about how critical race theory encourages legal scholars to work for racial equity. One example of an instrumentalist approach is when lawyer Johnnie Cochran's defended O. J. Simpson in the O. J. Simpson murder case. Cochran told the jury to say Simpson was not guilty of killing his ex wife and her friend, even though there was evidence against him as payback for the way the United States and the Los Angeles Police department had treated black people. This was a form of jury nullification. Before and after the 2020 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump opposed the teaching of critical race theory in schools as part of his platform. Other conservative politicians did so too on Fox News and right-wing radio shows.

When Bill Clinton nominated Lani Guinier for Assistant Attorney General, Republicans said she should not get the job. One of their reasons was that she supported CRT. Clinton withdrew the nomination due to disagreements with her legal philosophy.

In 2010, a state law stopped a Mexican-American studies university program in Tucson, Arizona because it said public schools could not teach race-conscious education by "advocat[ing] ethnic solidarity instead of the treatment of pupils as individuals." The law banned books, including a book about CRT, from the school. State officials banned Matt de la Peña's young-adult novel "Mexican WhiteBoy" because they said it contained critical race theory. The rules against ethnic-studies programs were later declared unconstitutional because lawyers were able to prove that the state had meant to discriminate against some groups of people on purpose: "Both enactment and enforcement were motivated by racial animus," federal Judge A. Wallace Tashima ruled.

In June 2021, the media reported that the proposed lessons for Australia's schools was "preoccupied with the oppression, discrimination and struggles of Indigenous Australians." The Australian Senate approved a motion from right-wing senator Pauline Hanson asking the federal government to not use CRT, even though there was no CRT in in the lessons.

Conservatives in the government of the United Kingdom began to criticize CRT in late 2020. Equalities Minister Kemi Badenoch, who is of Nigerian descent, said during a parliamentary debate to mark Black History Month:

In an interview in "The Spectator", Badenoch said, "many of these booksand, in fact, some of the authors and proponents of critical race theoryactually want a segregated society." 101 writers from the Black Writers' Guild responded in an open letter, telling Badenoch she was wrong to criticize books like "White Fragility" and "Why I'm No Longer Talking to White People About Race".

"The Washington Post" says that conservative lawmakers and other conservatives have used the term "critical race theory" as a "catchall phrase for nearly any examination of systemic racism." In September 2020, conservative activist Christopher Rufo denounced CRT on Fox News, and then Donald Trump issued an executive order saying the United States federal government must cancel funding for programs that talk about "white privilege" or "critical race theory." President Trump said that this was because critical race theory was "divisive, un-American propaganda" and "racist." Rufo wrote on Twitter, "The goal is to have the public read something crazy in the newspaper and immediately think 'critical race theory,'" meaning that conservatives were trying to trick the public into thinking critical race theory was bad.

In a speech on September 17, 2020, Trump said critical race theory was bad. He said he had formed the 1776 Commission to promote "patriotic education." On January 20, 2021, Joe Biden took back Trump's order and ended the 1776 Commission. Conservative think tanks and other conservative groups continued to work on opposition to both actual critical race theory and what they mistakenly thought was critical race theory. These groups include the Heritage Foundation, the Idaho Freedom Foundation, and the American Legislative Exchange Council.

In early 2021, potential laws were started. These laws would limit the teaching of critical race theory in public schools in Idaho, Iowa, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Texas. Several of these bills used the words "critical race theory" or talked about the "New York Times" 1619 Project. In mid-April 2021, a bill was introduced to the Idaho legislature that would have banned any educational entity in the state (schools and other things like schools) from teaching or advocating sectarianism, including critical race theory and other social justice programs. On May 4, 2021, the bill was signed into law by Governor Brad Little. On June 10, 2021, every member of the Florida State Board of Education voted to stop public schools from teaching critical race theory. They did this because governor Ron DeSantis asked them to. As of July 2021, 10 U.S. states have introduced bills or done other things that would limit teaching critical race theory, and 26 others were in the process of doing so. In June 2021, the American Association of University Professors, the American Historical Association, the Association of American Colleges and Universities, and PEN America released a joint paper saying that these laws were bad. By August 2021, 167 professional organizations had signed the statement. In August 2021, the Brookings Institution recorded that eight statesIdaho, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Iowa, New Hampshire, Arizona, and South Carolinahad passed laws on the critical race theory, though they also noted that none of the bills had passed, with the exception of Idaho's, actually contained the words "critical race theory." Brookings also noted that these laws often also stop teaching about gender. Critics called the state laws a memory law and said that the law banning critical race theory was proof that critical race theory was right: that racism is part of the law in the United States.

There are smaller groups in critical race theory for different communities of people. These groups look at race and the way it affects disability, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, class, and religion. For example, disability critical race studies (DisCrit), critical race feminism (CRF), Hebrew Crit (HebCrit), Black Critical Race Theory (Black Crit), Latino critical race studies (LatCrit), Asian American critical race studies (AsianCrit), South Asian American critical race studies (DesiCrit), and American Indian critical race studies, which is sometimes called TribalCrit. The methods developed for CRT have also been used to studying groups of white immigrants. In response to CRT, some scholars have asked for a second wave of whiteness studies. It is called Second Wave Whiteness (SWW). Critical race theory has also inspired scholars to study race outside the United States.

Disability critical race studies (DisCrit) combines disability studies and CRT to look at the intersection of disability and race. This means the way race and disability affect each other.

Latino critical race theory (LatCRT or LatCrit) is a research framework that talks about the way society defines race. Latino critical race theory says this is important to how people of color are oppressed in society. Race scholars developed LatCRT as a critical response to the "problem of the color line" first explained by W. E. B. Du Bois. While CRT focuses on the Black–White paradigm, LatCRT has moved to consider other racial groups, mainly Chicana/Chicanos, as well as Latinos/as, Asians, Native Americans/First Nations, and women of color.

In "Critical Race Counterstories along the Chicana/Chicano Educational Pipeline", Tara J. Yosso discusses how the limits placed on POC can be defined. The tenets that separate such individuals are the intercentricity of race and racism, the problem of dominant ideology, the commitment to social justice, the centrality of experience knowledge, and the way of looking at things that uses many types of scholarship.

LatCRT's main focus is to work for social justice for people living in communities that have been pushed to the edges of society (specifically Chicana/os). Chicanos are Mexican-Americans. Society has placed limits on them that put them at a disadvantage, like with other people of color. Social institutions act to dispossess Chicanos, stop them from voting, and discriminate against them. LatCRT seeks to give voice to those who are victimized. In order to do so, LatCRT has created two common themes:

First, CRT says society keeps white supremacy and racial power in place; they do not stay there on their own. The law is a big part of keeping them where they are. Some racial groups do not have the voice to speak in this civil society. Because of this, CRT introduced a new form of expression, called the "voice of color". The "voice of color" is narratives and storytelling monologues used as devices for conveying personal racial experiences. These are also used to counter metanarratives that continue to maintain racial inequality. In this way, the experiences of the oppressed are important parts of developing a LatCRT analytical approach.

Second, LatCRT investigates the possibility of transforming the relationship between law enforcement and racial power and working for racial emancipation and an end to some groups being pushed around. LatCRT is different from general critical race theory in that it talks more about immigration theory and policy, language rights, and the way people are discriminated against for having accents or ancestors from other countries. CRT finds the experiential knowledge of people of color and works with their lived experience using data. LatCRT shows its research using many kinds of stories.

Asian critical race theory looks at the way race and racism affect Asian Americans and their experiences in the U.S. education system. Like Latino critical race theory, Asian critical race theory is distinct from the main body of CRT in its emphasis on immigration theory and policy.



Green Book (movie)

Green Book is a 2018 American biographical comedy-drama movie directed by Peter Farrelly. The movie was inspired by the true story of a tour of the Deep South by African Americans.

Italo Giordani

Italo Giordani (1882 - 1956) was an Italian artist, a painter, who was active in France.

Italo Giordani moved to Naples to study at the Academy of Fine Arts in Naples. Later he studied first in Venice and then, from 1908 to 1909, in Milan, with Cesare Cesare Tallone as Master, finding success in France in 1917, and then with his exhibitions in Paris. He reached Lake Como and the locality of Lierna as a guest of some families of the European nobility on holiday. He devoted himself to the outdoor painting of landscapes and glimpses. But he also painted views of Venice, Martigues and Cannes, Amalfi and Posillipo, places intoxicated with light, and as he himself says "sung by poets, and visited by him in happy moments".

He painted above all landscapes, with the lakes of Como often inserted in countryside scenes. His artworks are characterized by polychromy and brightness.


Anything Goes (1936 movie)

Anything Goes is a 1936 American musical movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the 1934 musical of the same name by Guy Bolton and P. G. Wodehouse. It stars Bing Crosby, Ida Lupino, Charles Ruggles, Ethel Merman, Grace Bradley, Arthur Treacher, Robert McWade, Richard Carle, Margaret Dumont, Edward Gargan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Midnight Madonna

Midnight Madonna is a 1937 American drama movie directed by James Flood and starring Warren William, Mady Correll, Edward Ellis, Jonathan Hale, Joe Sawyer, Irene Franklin, Joseph Crehan. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Sunrise at the Splügen Pass

Sunrise at the Splügen Pass is a painting in oil by the Italian painter Carlo Bazzi, made in 1900.

Completed on November 8, 1900, it is a work of art that was exhibited in the exhibition IV Triennial of Milan of 1900 Some have seen in "Levata del sole allo Spluga" an answer verística Milanese " to Monet's "Impression, rising sun" with its colors and lights characteristic.



Forgotten war

"The Forgotten War" (capitalized) most often refers to:


The term forgotten war is also sometimes, though much less commonly and less specifically, used to refer to:

Bowers, Delaware

Bowers is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States. Bowers had 278 people in 2020.

Sorrowful Jones

Sorrowful Jones also known as Damon Runyon's Sorrowful Jones is a 1949 American comedy movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Lucille Ball, Bob Hope, Bruce Cabot, William Demarest. It is a remake of the 1934 movie Little Miss Marker and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Roadhouse Nights

Roadhouse Nights is a 1930 American crime movie directed by Hobart Henley and starring Helen Morgan, Charles Ruggles, Fred Kohler, Jimmy Durante, Tammany Young, Lou Clayton. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Night of Nights

The Night of Nights is a 1939 American drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Pat O'Brien, Olympe Bradna, Roland Young, Reginald Gardiner, George E. Stone, Murray Alper, Richard Denning, Ethan Laidlaw. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Sarcohyla cyanomma

The blue-eyed aquatic tree frog ("Sarcohyla cyanomma") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives in pine-oak forests. Scientists have seen it between 2640 and 2670 meters above sea level in the Sierra Juárez mountains.

Paolo Sala

Paolo Sala (born Milan in 1859) is an italian painter.

Sala began his studies in architecture and then attended the Brera Academy in Milan, and trained under the guidance of Camillo Boito.

He dedicates himself to the painting of subjects of romantic landscapes. In 1880 he won the Mylius Bernocchi Prize with a work of contemporary history "The Battle of Megenta of 1859.

Sala is famous for its romantic landscapes painted with lyrical intensity, but permeated with a strong realism due to the study of the impression from the real. Fervent traveler has painted the Russian, English, Dutch cities, the Venice lagoon, and the Lombard views and in particular he focused on Lake Como and the village of Lierna.



Beji (cookie)

Beji (Berji, Pashi, or Barsaq) is a traditional Kurdish sweet that is mostly prepared in Kermanshah, Ilam, and Kurdistan. Beji is made from a combination of wheat oil and flour. After frying, some sugar or powdered sugar is poured on it and used.

Beji is made from flour, sugar, oil, eggs, milk, cumin, fennel and turmeric. All ingredients are mixed together and fried in oil and garnished with sugar.

The word beji or berji is derived from the source berjanen, which in southern Kurdish means toast. Beji or burji means roasted. In another narration, beji means (survival) and is a kind of traditional homemade sweet that was used in the past as a travel bag and it means to eat and stay alive.

Luo Yiwei

Luo Yiwei (born 18 January 1990) is a Singapoean track cyclist. She competed at the 2017 South-East Asian Games, 2018 Commonwealth Games, and 2021 UCI Track Cycling Championships.

Nepali Congress, Madhesh Province

Nepali Congress, Madhesh Province The ruling Nepali Congress is the Pradesh Congress Committee. The current leader of the Nepali Congress parliamentary party in the state is Ram Saroj Yadav who is also the Minister of Physical Infrastructure of the state.


Rinata Sultanova

Rinata Sultanova (born 17 March 1998) is a Kazakh road and track cyclist.

She competed at the 2020 UCI Track Cycling Championship, and 2021 UCI Track Cycling Championship. She was national champion at the 2021 Kazakhistan National Time Trial Championships. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Asian Track Cycling Championship.


Ram Saroj Yadav

Ram Saroj Yadav (born 18 November 1953) is a Nepalese Politician who is the parliamentary party leader for the Nepali Congress in the Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province. Yadav, a resident of Dhanusha, was elected to the 2017 provincial assembly elections from Dhanusha 3 (A). He is the Deputy-CM and Physical Infrastructure Minister for Madhesh Province and took office on 9 June 2021. He a leader close to Nepali Congress central committee Vice President and former deputy Prime minister of Nepal, Bimalendra Nidhi.


Guy van Grinsven

Guy van Grinsven (6 January 1949 Maastricht – 11 October 2021 Maastricht) was a Dutch photographer. Van Grinsven was the founder of "Studiopress" 

He started his career as an aircraft manufacturer at aircraft manufacturer Fokker. Photography was initially only his hobby, but he already followed a course at the Dutch Photo School. He was employed as a photographer for a period of three years by the National Photo Press Agency, and was Dutch correspondent for the Associated Press.

He was also the TV producer and presenter of the weekly program "Niveau Bizz Magazine". He was also the publisher of a magazine, "Niveau Bizz magazine," which appears in the Euregio Meuse-Rhine. 

On September 11, 2001, Guy van Grinsven was the only Dutch photographer-cameraman to witness the attack on the World Trade Center in New York. In 2011, Van Grinsven returned to New York to make a new photo series according to the principle of "Dear-Photography" published among others in his own magazine "Niveau Bizz Magazine."

Since 2012 he has focused on making photo books about cities and their surroundings


Ethan William Childress

Ethan William Childress (born February 13, 2009 in Las Vegas, Nevada) is an american actor. He is best known for his work in movies and television.

Movies and programs he has starred in include:

Enzo of Sardinia

Enzo (died March 14, 1272) was King of Sardinia from 1238 until 1249 when he was captured at the Battle of Fossalta.

Social Democratic Party (Portugal)

The Social Democratic Party (, ; PSD) is a liberal-conservative party in Portugal.

The PSD was founded in 1974, two weeks after the Carnation Revolution and in 1976 adopted its current name. In 1979, the PSD allied with centre-right parties to form the Democratic Alliance and won that year's election. After the 1983 general election, the party formed a grand coalition with the Socialist Party, known as the Central Bloc. This was before winning the 1985 general election under new leader Aníbal Cavaco Silva, who shifted the party to the right. 
Cavaco Silva served as Prime Minister for ten years, instituting major economic liberalisation and winning two landslide victories. After he stepped down, the PSD lost the 1995 election. The party was returned to power under José Manuel Durão Barroso in 2002, but was defeated in the 2005 election. The party was able to return to power after the 2011 elections and four years later was able to win a plurality in the 2015 legislative election, winning 107 seats in the Assembly of the Republic in alliance with the CDS – People's Party, but being unable to form a minority government. The current leader, Rui Rio, a centrist, was elected on 13 January 2018.
Originally a social-democratic party, the PSD became the main centre-right, conservative party in Portugal. The PSD is a member of the European People's Party and the Centrist Democrat International. Until 1996, the PSD belonged to the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party and Liberal International. The party publishes the weekly "Povo Livre" ("Free People") newspaper.

West Ukrainian People's Republic

The West Ukrainian People's Republic (WUPR) was a short-lived unrecognised government in-exile that controlled most of Eastern Galicia from November 1918 to July 1919. It included the cities of Lviv, Ternopil, Kolomyia, Drohobych, Boryslav, Stanislaviv (now Ivano-Frankivsk) and right-bank Przemyśl, and claimed parts of Bukovina and Carpathian Ruthenia. 
The WUPR emerged as a breakaway state amid the dissolution of Austria-Hungary, and in January 1919 nominally united with the Ukrainian People's Republic (UPR) as its autonomous Western Oblast. Poland had also claimed this territory, and by July occupied most of it and forced the West Ukrainian government into exile. When the UPR decided late the same year that it would trade the territory for an alliance with Poland against Soviet Russia, the exiled West Ukrainian government broke with the UPR. The exiled government continued its claim until it dissolved in 1923.

The coat of arms of the WUPR was azure, a golden lion rampant on a field of blue. The colours of the flag were blue and yellow.
Західно-Українська Народна Республіка 1918–1923. Енциклопедія. Т. 1: А–Ж. Івано-Франківськ : Манускрипт-Львів, 2018. 688 с.

Західно-Українська Народна Республіка 1918–1923. Енциклопедія. Т. 2: З–О. Івано-Франківськ : Манускрипт-Львів, 2019. 832 с.

Західно-Українська Народна Республіка 1918-1923. Енциклопедія. Т. 3: П – С. Івано-Франківськ: Манускрипт-Львів, 2020.576 с.

Західно-Українська Народна Республіка 1918-1923. Енциклопедія. Т. 4: Т – Я. Івано-Франківськ: Манускрипт-Львів, 2021.688 с.

Rebecca Ryan

Rebecca Ryan (born 27 April 1991) is an English actress, known for her roles as Debbie Gallagher in the Channel 4 comedy-drama series "Shameless" (2004–2009), Vicki MacDonald in the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2009–2011), and Gemma Dean in the BBC One medical drama series "Casualty" (2017–2019). From 2021 to 2022, she appeared in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" as Lydia Chambers.

Enthalpy of atomization

The enthalpy of atomization is the heat change that resulted to the separation or disintegration of all atoms in a chemical substance.

Δ"H or Δ"H", means "Enthalpy of atomization".

Atomization means to break bonds in a substance, so that the atoms in the substance, go into the gas phase.


Undecane

Undecane/hendecane is a liquid alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH(CH)CH. It has eleven carbon and 24 hydrogen atoms. It has more isomers than decane and nonane, it has over 159 isomers. Here is the implicit diagram of Undecane.

Dodecane

Dodecane/ dihexyl, bihexyl, adakane 12, or duodecane is a liquid alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH(CH)CH (or CH). It has 12 carbon atoms and 26 hydrogen atoms. It has more isomers than the proceeding undecane. It has 355 isomers. Here is diagram, composition and structure of Dodecane. 

Ida of Boulogne

Ida of Boulogne (1160-1216) was Countess of Boulogne from 1173 until 1216.

Owen Sound Attack

The Owen Sound Attack are a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League based in Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada. Based in Owen Sound since 1989, and operating under the current name since 2000, the Attack play their home games at the J.D. McArthur Arena inside the Harry Lumley Bayshore Community Centre.

Plectrohyla

Spikethumb frogs (Plectrohyla) are a genus (group of species) of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in Central America. They live as far north as southern Mexico through Guatemala and northern El Salvador to central and northern Honduras. The last time scientists reexamined the family Hylidae, they moved 21 species into this genus from "Hyla". They are called spikethumb because of the spike on their thumbs. The spike is called a prepollex. The name ""Plectrohyla"" comes from the Greek word "plēktron", which means "spur," and "hyla", the name of the group in which many of its frogs used to be.

The following species are in the genus "Plectrohyla":


El Paraíso Department

El Paraíso ( ]) is a town, with a population of 26,640 (2020 calculation), and a municipality in the Honduran department of El Paraíso.

The town is the site of a cigar factory operated by Nestor Plasencia, in which cigars are made under a variety of labels, including that of Rocky Patel.

Dead Again

Dead Again is a 1991 American romantic mystery thriller movie directed by Kenneth Branagh (who also stars). It also stars Emma Thompson, Andy García, Derek Jacobi, Wayne Knight, Robin Williams, Hanna Schygulla, Campbell Scott, Jo Anderson and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Eye of the Storm (2011 movie)

The Eye of the Storm is a 2011 Australian drama movie directed by Fred Schepisi and was based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Patrick White. It stars Charlotte Rampling, Geoffrey Rush, Judy Davis, Colin Friels, John Gaden, Helen Morse, Robyn Nevin.


Interstate 310

Interstate 310 is the designation for several highways in the United States, which are related to Interstate 10:


Benjamin Böckle

Benjamin Böckle (born 17 June 2002) is an Austrian footballer. He plays as a defender for 2. Liga club FC Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg U19 squad in the 2021-22 UEFA Youth League.
He started his career with FC Lauterach. In February 2016 he went on to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In the 2020-21 season he came to FC Liefering. His debut was in September 2020, he came in for Samuel Major against SK Rapid Wien II.
He played for Austria U15, U16, U17 and U18. In 2019 he played for Austria at the UEFA U17 European Championship.

Kaffeklubben Island

Kaffeklubben Island or Coffee Club Island (; ) is an island near the northern tip of Greenland. It is uninhabited, which means no people live there. It has the farthest north point on Earth, or the point closest to the North Pole.

American explorer Robert Peary saw Kaffeklubben Island in 1900. This was the first time the island had ever been seen, but Peary did not visit the island. The island was not visited until 1921, when the Danish explorer Lauge Koch visited the island and named it. The island was named after the coffee club in the University of Copenhagen Geological Museum.

In 1969, a Canadian team discovered that the northernmost point on the island was farther north than Cape Morris Jesup, the northernmost point on mainland Greenland. Because of this, Kaffeklubben Island has the record for having the farthest north point on land.

Since then, many deposits of gravel have been found in the sea to the north of the island, such as Oodaaq, 83-42, and ATOW1996. However, they are not permanent. They are usually absorbed by moving ice sheets, move around because of the tides, or sink into the ocean.

Kaffeklubben Island is from the North Pole. The island is near Cape James Hill, northwest of Bliss Bay, about east of Cape Morris Jesup. Its farthest north point is 4.4 km north of the farthest north point of Cape Morris Jesup. It is about long, and about across at its widest point. The highest point is about above sea level.

Not many things can survive on the island. However, some plants grow on Kaffeklubben Island, including mosses, liverworts, lichens, and the flowering plants "Saxifraga oppositifolia" (purple saxifrage) and "Papaver radicatum" (arctic poppy).

Monster Rancher 3

Monster Rancher 3, known in Japan as , is the third "Monster Rancher" game. It is the first one for the PlayStation 2.

The graphics are cel-shaded so it feels more like a cartoon. Discs can be put into the PlayStation 2 to make monsters. It is the first "Monster Rancher" game to allow previous discs or other monsters to be used, so no discs have to be remembered or found. It is the only "Monster Rancher" game to allow monsters to be traded. They can be traded between memory cards.

Metacritic says the game is mostly enjoyed, but not as much as the previous two "Monster Rancher" games. Eric Bratcher of "Next Generation" said it is "A unique, absorbing game that needs to expand its vision in order to live up to its revolutionary roots." In Japan, "Famitsu" gave it a score of 29 out of 40.

Terakado Seiken

Terakado Seiken (1796 April 16, 1868) was a Confucian scholar. He lived in Japan during the Edo period. He is popular for his writings on Tokyo. He is also known as Yagozaemon.

Terakado was born in Mito Domain in 1796. His father was a minor government official. When Terakado was 13 years old, his father died. After his father's death he lived an unpleasant lifestyle. In his late twenties, he turned to Confucianism and opened a school. Like his father, he held a minor position as a samurai. He studied Chinese poetry under Ryokuin Yamamoto.

In 1831 he wrote a series of essays titled . The essays were compiled as a book and published in 1838. His essays got fame as well as scrutiny from Edo officials. The essays were banned by Edo officials in 1835. After publication the woodblocks were confiscated in 1842. At the same time Terakado was also banned from being an official. After losing his position as a samurai, Terakado wandered Japan. He worked as a schoolteacher and writer. He died on 16 April 1868.

"Edo Hanjoki" was a very critical social satire of the Tokugawa government. He wrote most of the essays in literary kanbun. Kanbun was mostly used in government documents. This brought an additional seriousness to his writings. Whenever he wrote about wealthier districts like Honjo, he usually focused on unpleasant places such as brothels. He compared the upper and lower classes to expose economic inequalities within the Tokugawa government. The "Edo Hanjoki" influenced upcoming generations of social critics and writers. His other works include "Niigata Hanjoki" and "Essay of Seiken".

Terakado's work was mostly written by the scholar Andrew L. Markus.

Frank G. Clement

Frank G. Clement (June 2, 1920 – November 4, 1969) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the 41st Governor of Tennessee from 1953 to 1959 and from 1963 to 1967 and the state's youngest and longest-serving governor in the 20th century. 

Ioannes (given name)

Ioannes might refer to:

Tridecane

Tridecane/"n"-tridecane is an alkane with the chemical formula CH(CH)CH Tridecane is a combustible colourless liquid. It has 13 carbon atoms and 28 hydrogen atoms. It has more isomers than preceding one (Dodecane). The laboratory application of Tridecane is distillation chaser. 

Beilstein database

The Beilstein database is a database in the field of organic chemistry (organic spectroscopy). Compounds are uniquely identified by their Beilstein Registry Number (BRN). 

Tetradecane

Tetradecane is an alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH(CH)CH.

It has 14 carbon atoms and 30 hydrogen atoms. It has more isomers than other homologous series behind it. 

Friedrich Konrad Beilstein

Friedrich Konrad Beilstein (17 February 1838 – 18 October 1906), Russian name Фёдор Фёдорович Бейльштейн, was a chemist and founder of the famous "Handbuch der organischen Chemie" ("Handbook of Organic Chemistry"). He is author of Beilstein database. 
Beilstein was born in a family of Germany. He went to German school. He studied chemistry at the University of Heidelberg. He has much interest in organic chemistry. He also obtained his master's degree in organic chemistry. For his Ph.D., Beilstein joined Friedrich Wöhler at the University of Göttingen, receiving his doctorate in organic chemistry.

Pentadecane

Pentadecane is an alkane hydrocarbon with the chemical formula CH. It has 15 carbon atoms and 32 hydrogen atoms. 

Iceman (1984 movie)

Iceman is a 1984 American science fiction drama movie directed by Fred Schepisi and starring Timothy Hutton, Lindsay Crouse, John Lone, Josef Sommer, David Strathairn, Philip Akin, Danny Glover. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

DNA (Little Mix album)

DNA is the debut studio album by English girl group Little Mix. It was released on 19 November 2012 in the United Kingdom via Syco Music. Musically, "DNA" is a pop, dance-pop and R&B album, with elements of pop rock, hip hop and funk. Some of the songs on the album were also co-written by members of other girl groups, including Nicola Roberts of Girls Aloud, Shaznay Lewis of All Saints and T-Boz of TLC.

Upon its release, "DNA" received positive reviews from music critics.

Notes

Adapted from AllMusic.

First Battle of Ypres

The First Battle of Ypres took place in the fall of 1914. More than 250,000 people were killed. It was one of the battles of the First World War. It was fought on the Western Front around Ypres, in West Flanders, Belgium. The allied forces were 4,400,000 strong, the German Empire was 5,400,000 strong. In 2003, Beckett recorded 50,000–85,000 French casualties, 21,562 Belgian casualties, 55,395 British losses and 134,315 German casualties.

Mondello

Mondello is a small borough of the city of Palermo in the autonomous region of Sicily in Southern Italy. 

Its beach lies between two cliffs called Mount Gallo and Mount Pellegrino. The town was originally a small fishing village situated on marshland, but at the end of the 19th century, it grew into a tourist destination. A number of Liberty-style villas on the seafront promenade have made it one of the gems of Art Nouveau in Europe.

Until the beginning of the 20th century, Mondello was an unhealthy marsh enclosed by two headlands: the Mount Pellegrino described by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe as "the most beautiful promontory in the world" and Mount Gallo. 

At some point, a Palermitan nobleman had the idea to drain the swamp. Prince Francesco Lanza di Scalea, with the help of a Belgian real estate company, built a plant for the drainage of swampy waters to the sea. The newly rehabilitated areas, previously occupied by the swamp, underwent a process of expansion and evolution from the 18th to the 20th centuries.

From 1912 onwards, Mondello became the seat of the high bourgeoisie and the aristocracy. The nobility of the city fostered the construction of several exclusive and aristocratic circles, the construction of villas, and the exploitation of lush gardens. King Ferdinand of Bourbon called it "a corner of paradise". Eventually, the beach of Mondello was born.

Mondello is characterized by a sandy bay that binds the two promontories, called Monte Gallo and Mount Pellegrino, with a coastline of white sand that nowadays is approximately 1.5 kilometers long. The Natural Reserve of Capo Gallo and the reserve of Monte Pellegrino are nearby. Today the area is known for its beach and for its Art Nouveau villas, which characterize the architecture of the borough, making it a landmark in the history of international modernism.


Sarcohyla mykter

The keelsnout tree frog or keel-snouted tree frog ("Sarcohyla mykter") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests between 1985 and 2520 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is no longer than 40.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is no longer than 50.9 mm long from nose to rear end. Its head and body are yellow-green and its legs are yellow-brown. Its entire body is covered in black marks and spots.

Wilhelmine of Bayreuth

Princess Friederike Sophie Wilhelmine of Prussia (3 July 1709 – 14 October 1758) was a princess of the German Kingdom of Prussia (Older sister of Frederick II of Prussia and songwriter she was the eldest daughter of Frederick William I of Prussia and Sophia Dorothea of Hanover, and granddaughter of George I of Great Britain in 1731, she married Frederick, Margrave

Lukas Wallner

Lukas Wallner (born 26 April 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for 2. Liga club FC Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg U19 squad in the 2021-22 UEFA Youth League.
He started his career with TSV St. Johann. In 2013 he went on to the youthteam of FC Liefering. 2017 he went on to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In the 2020-21 season he came to FC Liefering. His debut was in March 2021. He came in in minute 87 for Bryan Okoh against SV Horn. 

In October 2022 Wallner was in the Bundesliga squad for the first time against SCR Altach. On 23 July 2023 he made his debut for Salzburg in the Austrian Cup match versus SPG Ardagger/Viehdorf.

He played for all youth national teams of Austria. In November 2021 he was part of the U21 squad versus Croatia and Aserbaidschan but did not play. He made his U-21 debut against Montenegro in September 2022.


Koichi Iida

Koichi Iida (May 20, 1888 November 8, 1973) was a Japanese American businessman from Hawaiʻi. He is the founder of Central Pacific Bank.

Iida was born on 20th May 1888 in Osaka, Japan. He was the son of Matsukichi Iida. His father moved to Honolulu in 1895.

Koichi Iida graduated from Osaka Commercial School in 1906. He then moved to Los Angeles, where he studied English. Five years later he moved to Hawaiʻi. He joined his father in running the business. His father left the business to Koichi lida and returned to Japan in 1931.

Iida was a founding member of the Honolulu Japanese Traders Union. He was elected president in 1928. When the Traders Union merged with the Honolulu Japanese Chamber of Commerce, he became its president in 1940. In the meantime his business continued to grow until World war ll took place. He was imprisoned in several internment camps in United States of America during World war II. He was imprisoned for the duration of the war. He returned to Hawaiʻi in 1945. After he returned, he worked with Daizo Sumida and Shuichi Fukunaga to revive the Honolulu Japanese Chamber of Commerce again. He was again elected the president of the Chamber in 1948. Iida was also the first president of Central Pacific Bank. It was founded in 1954. When Ala Moana Shopping Center opened in 1959, Iida store was one of the first 50 stores in the mall. It was operating in that location until 2005.

Iida was awarded the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 5th class, in 1965. He retired from his position as Board Member of Central Pacific Bank in 1970. He died on 8 November 1973.

Arne Næss

Arne Dekke Eide Næss ( ; ; 27 January 1912 – 12 January 2009) was a Norwegian philosopher who coined the term "deep ecology". 

In 1960 he started a periodical - a scientific periodical (or magazine) "Inquiry".

People's Republic of Angola

The People's Republic of Angola () was a socialist state which governed Angola from its independence in 1975 until 25 August 1992, during the Angolan Civil War.

Adelshofen, Upper Bavaria

Adelshofen is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Alling

Alling is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Oshakati

Oshakati is a town of 37,000 inhabitants in the Oshana Region of Namibia. It is the regional capital and was officially founded in July 1966. The city was used as a base of operations by the South African Defence Force (SADF) during the South African Border War.

Oshakati is divided into the electoral constituencies of Oshakati East and Oshakati West.

Oshakati East

Oshakati East is an electoral constituency in the Oshana Region of Namibia. It comprises the eastern parts of the town of Oshakati. The Okatana River separates Oshakati East from the Oshakati West constituency. The constituency had 22,634 inhabitants in 2004 and 19,606 registered voters .

In the 2010 regional elections, SWAPO's Lotto Kuushomwa won with 6,501 votes. He defeated Epafras Nghinamundova representing the Rally for Democracy and Progress (RDP, 276 votes), Agatus Antanga of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance (DTA, 72 votes), Timoteus Kambishi of the Congress of Democrats (CoD, 34 votes) and Ndateelela Nakale of SWANU (16 votes). Councillor Kuushomwa (SWAPO) was reelected in the 2015 regional elections. He won with 5,559 votes, far ahead of Daniel Andreas (DTA) with 241 votes and Natangwe Shiwayu (RDP) with 81 votes.

The SWAPO candidate also won the 2020 regional election, albeit by a much smaller margin. Abner Shikongo obtained 4,575 votes, followed by Simon Neshiko of the Independent Patriots for Change (IPC), with 2,411 votes.

Oshakati West

Oshakati East is a constituency in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia. It is made up of the eastern parts of the town of Oshakati. The Okatana River separates Oshakati East from the Oshakati West constituency. The constituency had 22,634 inhabitants in 2004 and 19,606 registered voters . Current councillor is Martin Aram.

Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic

The Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic was a Soviet socialist republic from 1940-1941 and 1944-1989. It is today part of Lithuania.


Edward Rosling

Sir Edward Rosling (4 December 1863 - 19 January 1946) was a Ceylonese tea planter and politician.

Edward Rosling was born 4 December 1863 in Barnes, Surrey, England. He was the eldest son of his parents. His father Joseph Rosling (1830 - 1890) was a timber merchant in Nutfield. His mother's name was Julia Victoria née Black (1838 - 1927). He had two half siblings: Mary (b.1858) and Katherine (b.1859) from his father's first marriage. He had three sisters: Margaret (b. 1866), Ethel (b.1869) and Josephine (b.1872) and one brother, Percy (b.1867).

Rosling was educated at Queenwood College, Hampshire. In 1886, at the age of 23, he travelled to Ceylon. He was apprenticed as a "creeper" in Ceylon on a tea plantation in Ambagamuwa. In late 1888 he took up a position as a manager on a tea estate in Nanu Oya. He worked as a tea planter for 27 years. He served as the chairman of the Anglo-Ceylon and General Estates Company Limited. In 1899, he was elected as the president of the Hill Club in Nuwara Eliya. In 1900, he was elected as the chairman of the Planter's Association. After serving for a year, he was re-elected as chairman between 1909 and 1911. In November 1902, Rosling was appointed as an unofficial member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon and a Justice of the Peace. He served on the Council for ten years. He was retired from the Council in 1913. His position on the Council was later filled by William Duff Gibbon.

He married to Isabella Graham White (1866-1958) on 28 June 1888 at Duncairn Church in Belfast, Ireland. They had seven children: Josephine (b.1890), Alfred (b.1892), Edward (b.1895), Isobel Phyllis (b.1898), Percy Campbell (b.1902), Edward (b.1904) and Hugh Patrick (b.1910).

Rosling was knighted in June 1913 for his services on the Legislative Council of Ceylon. After retirement, he returned to England and became the chairman of the Ceylon Association in London between 1914 and 1915.

He died on 19 January 1946 in Weybridge, Surrey, England. He is buried in the cemetery at St. Peter's church in Hersham, Surrey.

Four Beauties

The Four Beauties or the Four Great Beauties are the four popular and beautiful Chinese women. They are Xi Shi, Wang Zhaojun, Diaochan and Yang Guifei. They all drew the attention of a ruling king or emperor in their respective times. They became famous by influencing the kings and emperors. Their actions impacted the Chinese history. Three of the Four Beauties controlled the kingdoms. Their lives ended in bad luck.

The Four Great Beauties lived in the time of four different dynasties. Each of them live hundreds of years apart. In chronological order, they are the following:

Legend says that Xi Shi was so beautiful. When fish look at her, they forget to swim and sink below the water surface. Xi Shi is from Zhuji, Zhejiang Province. Zhuji was the capital of the Ancient Yue Kingdom. Goujian was the King of Yue Kingdom. He went through ten years of hardship. He wanted to defeat Fuchai. Fuchai was the King of Wu Kingdom. Xi Shi was part of his plan. Xi Shi loved Fan Li. But Goujian gifted beautiful Xi Shi to Fuchai. It was done to attract him. Fuchai fell in love with her. Fuchai lost his fighting will after he met Xi Shi. He was making Xi Shi happy all the time. Due to this, Goujian was able to defeat Fuchai. Fuchai fell sad for accepting the gift. He killed himself. There are two stories of Xi Shi. In one story, Goujian killed her by drowning her. It was because he was afraid of being charmed by her like that of Fuchai. In another story, she came to Fan Li. They lived happily ever after.

According to literature, the beauty of Wang Zhaojun would charm flying birds to fall from the sky. Wang Zhaojun had entered the harem of Emperor Yun at a young age. She remained as a lady-in-waiting. She was never visited by the emperor. At that time, the concubines of the emperor were chosen through the portraits. So, most women secretly gave money to the painters. It was done to make their portraits look more beautiful. Wang Zhaojun refused to do this. So, her portrait was painted as an ugly one. In 33 B.C., Hu Hanye visited the Imperial Court. He asked for a beautiful Han lady to be his wife. Therefore, he was presented with Wang Zhaojun. She was asked to appear before the court. The Emperor saw her in real life. Emperor Yun was shocked. The painter of her portrait was later killed for cheating the emperor.

Diaochan is said to be so bright and lovely. Literature says that the moon itself would shy away when compared to her face. Her father presented her to the warrior Lu Bu. He said that some day he could marry her. He then brought her to Dong Zhuo and did the same. He asked on taking her as a mistress immediately. Lu Bu found this out. He killed and burned Dong Zhuo. He took Diaochan as his own wife.

According to literature, Yang Guifei's look puts all flowers to shame. She was known for having a larger body figure. During her time, such body types were considered beautiful. She was the imperial consort of Emperor Xuanzong of the Tang dynasty. During the An Lushan Rebellion, Emperor Xuanzong and his men were moving from the capital Chang'an to Chengdu. On the way, the emperor's guards demanded that the emperor should kill Yang. It was because they blamed the rebellion's cause on her cousin Yang Guozhong and her family members. The emperor tried to stop this but he failed. So, he ordered his attendant Gao Lishi to kill Yang. At first, she was buried without a coffin. Later, Emperor Xuanzong secretly sent men to rebury her with a coffin. When they found the body, it was already decomposed. When the Emperor returned to Chang'an, an artist painted a picture of Consort Yang in a secondary palace. He frequently went there to see her portrait.

Makiko Mori

Makiko Mori was a Japanese novelist. She won the 1980 Izumi Kyōka Prize for Literature for her book . Her real name was Eiko Matsuura. 

Mori was born on 19 December 1934 in Sakata, Japan. She was the second child of three children. Her father was a physician. When she was six years old, her father died. Mori began suffering from rheumatism when she was 10 years old. She graduated from Yamagata Prefectural Sakata Higashi High School in 1953. When she was 19 years old, her mother died. Mori left home after her mother's death. She moved to Kobe and then Tokyo. She began reading a lot. She loves to read the works of Jean-Paul Sartre, Franz Kafka, Kōbō Abe and Yutaka Haniya.

Mori made her debut as a writer in 1965 with the novel . Her novel won the "Bungakukai" New Writer's Award and was nominated for the Akutagawa Prize. Several of her other books were also nominated for this award, such as in 1965, in 1969, and in 1971. Three of her works were nominated for the Women's Literature Award. Her book won the Izumi Kyōka Prize for Literature in 1980.

Mori lived a solitary life. Her death was discovered on 17 November 1992. Throughout her career she wrote nine books. later wrote a book about her life that was called .

Mori's style was known for her isolated female character who live depressing (sad) lives. They are often emotional and wander with little sense of identity. Many of her works are about isolation and end with death.

 

Yang Guifei

 
Yang Yuhuan () or Yang Guifei ( ) or Taizhen () was the wife of Emperor Xuanzong of Tang during his later years. She is known as one of the Four Beauties of ancient China.

During the An Lushan Rebellion, Emperor Xuanzong and his men were moving from the capital Chang'an to Chengdu. At that time, the emperor's guards demanded that he should kill Yang. It was because they blamed the rebellion on her cousin Yang Guozhong and the rest of her family. The emperor tried to stop this but he failed. So, he ordered his attendant Gao Lishi to kill Yang by strangling.

Yang was born in 719 during the reign of the Tang Dynasty. It was early in the time of Emperor Xuanzong. Yang's father Yang Xuanyan () served as a census official at Shu Prefecture (; in modern Chengdu, Sichuan). His family went there with him. He had no sons, but had four daughters. These daughters were known to history as Yang Yuhuan and three older sisters. Yang's father died when she was very young. So, she was raised by her uncle Yang Xuanjiao (). Her uncle was a low-ranking official at Henan Municipality (; modern Luoyang).

In 733, fourteen-year-old Yang Yuhuan married Li Mao. Li Mao was the Prince of Shou and the son of Emperor Xuanzong and Consort Wu. Yang had the title of Princess of Shou. Consort Wu died in 737. So, Emperor Xuanzong was very sad by the death. Some time later, Princess Yang came into Xuanzong's favor. So, the Emperor decided to take her as his wife. But Princess Yang was already the wife of his son. So, Emperor Xuanzong arranged her to become a Taoist nun. The name Taizhen was given to her to avoid bad fame from the people. He planned of making her his wife. Yang stayed for a some time as a Taoist nun in the palace itself. Emperor Xuanzong married his son with a new bride. After that, he made Yang his imperial consort.

In 745, Emperor Xuanzong officially made Taizhen an imperial consort. She was given the rank of "Guifei". "Guifei" was greater than the previously highest rank of "Huifei". He gave honors on her dead father Yang Xuanyan. He also granted her mother the title of "Lady of Liang". He also gave high offices to her uncle Yang Xuangui () and cousins, Yang Xian () and Yang Qi (). Her three elder sisters were given the ranks of Ladies of Han, Guo, and Qin. The five Yang family members - Yang Xian, Yang Qi, and the Ladies of Han, Guo, and Qin were said to be honored very much. All of the officials tried to praise them.

At the same time, Consort Yang introduced her second cousin Yang Zhao (whose name was later changed to Yang Guozhong) to Emperor Xuanzong. Yang Zhao praised the emperor very much. So, his position rose quickly.

Consort Yang was so favored by the Emperor. Whenever she rode a horse, the eunuch Gao Lishi would take her care. 700 workers were engaged to sew clothes for her. Officials and generals praised her by offering many tributes. In 746, she made Emperor Xuanzong angry by being jealous. She was rude to him. So, he had sent her to Yang Xian's house. Gao knew that the emperor missed Consort Yang. So, he requested the Emperor to send all the treasures in Consort Yang's palace to her. Emperor Xuanzong agreed with that. He sent imperial meals to her as well. That night, Gao requested the Emperor Xuanzong to welcome Consort Yang back to the palace. It was readily accepted by Emperor Xuanzong. After that, she was even more favored. No other imperial consorts could have his favor.

In 747, the military governor ("jiedushi") An Lushan came to the capital Chang'an to meet Emperor Xuanzong. Emperor Xuanzong showed him much favor. He allowed him to enter into his palace. An had an honor from Consort Yang as a mother.

In 750, Consort Yang again made Emperor Xuanzong angry with her words. He sent her back to her clan. The official Ji Wen () told Emperor Xuanzong that he had overreacted. Emperor Xuanzong fell sorry for his actions. He again sent imperial meals to her. She wept to the eunuchs bringing the meal.

She cut off some of her hair. She sent the hair back to Emperor Xuanzong. Emperor Xuanzong sent Gao to bring her back to the palace. After this, he even loved her more than ever.

In 751, An Lushan again visited Chang'an. On An's birthday on 20 February, 751, Emperor Xuanzong and Consort Yang gave award to him. On 23 February, An was called to the palace. At this time, Consort Yang pleased Emperor Xuanzong. She had an very big child wrapping. She wrapped the fat An in it. This caused much laughter among the ladies in waiting and eunuchs. Emperor Xuanzong asked what was going on. Consort Yang's attendants joked that Consort Yang gave birth to a baby, Lushan. Emperor Xuanzong was very happy with the funny situation. So, he rewarded both Consort Yang and An greatly. After that, An was allowed freedom to enter into the palace. False news about the affairs between An and Consort Yang was spread. But Emperor Xuanzong stopped the false news.

Yang Guozhong and An Lushan soon were in conflict. Yang Guozhong repeatedly acted badly. For example, he captured and killed many staff members from An's house in Chang'an.

In 755, An finally rebelled. He marched his armies toward the capital. The emperor wanted to control the public. Emperor Xuanzong thought of passing the throne to his crown prince, Li Heng. Yang Guozhong was not on having good relationship with the prince. So, he feared this development. He requested Consort Yang and her sisters, the Ladies of Han, Guo, and Qin, to speak against it. They did so. So, Emperor Xuanzong did not leave the throne.

In 756, Yang Guozhong forced General Geshu Han to engage An Lushan. General Geshu Han was defeated. Tong Pass was the last major imperial defense. It fell to An's forces. Yang Guozhong suggested the emperor to escape to Chengdu. On 14 July, Emperor Xuanzong secretly left Chang'an for Chengdu. He was accompanied by Consort Yang, her family, and his close family members. He was also accompanied by Yang Guozhong, his fellow chancellor Wei Jiansu and the official Wei Fangjin (), the general Chen Xuanli.

On 15 July, Emperor Xuanzong's team reached Mawei Courier Station (, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). The imperial guards were hungry and angry at Yang Guozhong. General Chen Xuanli believed that Yang Guozhong's actions had started this bad events.

The imperial guards declared that Yang Guozhong was planning something with the Tibetans. They killed Yang Guozhong, his son Yang Xuan (), Consort Yang's sisters, the ladies of Han and Qin and Wei Fangjin. The soldiers then surrounded Emperor Xuanzong's place. The Emperor came out to comfort them. He even ordered them to go. But they refused to leave.

Emperor Xuanzong sent Gao Lishi to ask General Chen Xuanli for his advice. Chen replied that the Emperor should kill Consort Yang. At first, the Emperor refused. But Wei E (, Wei Jiansu's son) and Gao Lishi got agreed with Chen. So, the Emperor also agreed. Gao took Consort Yang to a Buddhist shrine and killed her. Consort Yang's body was shown to Chen and the other imperial guard generals. After that, the soldiers went away and continued the journey. Consort Yang was buried at Mawei, without a coffin.

In 757, Prince Li Heng had taken the throne as Emperor Suzong. He recaptured Chang'an and welcomed ex-Emperor Xuanzong. Xuanzong wanted to rebury Consort Yang's body with honor. The official Li Kui spoke against it. He pointed out that the imperial guard might again stand against it. However, Xuanzong secretly sent men to rebury her with a coffin. When he returned to Chang'an, a painter created a picture of Consort Yang in a secondary palace. He often went there to see the portrait.

Yang was known for having a larger figure. In the time of Tang dynasty, such body types were wanted so much. Because of that, Yang is often compared and contrasted with Empress Zhao Feiyan. The latter is known for being a slender person. This led to the four-character idiom "huanfei yanshou" (). This describes the physical range of the types of beauties between Zhao and Yang.

Kingdom of Portugal

The Kingdom of Portugal (, ) was a monarchy on the western part of Iberian Peninsula and the predecessor of the modern Portuguese Republic.
The predecessor of the Kingdom of Portugal was the County of Portugal, established in the 9th century as part of the "Reconquista", by Vímara Peres, a vassal of the King of Asturias. The county became part of the Kingdom of León in 1097, and the Counts of Portugal established themselves as rulers of an independent kingdom in the 12th century, following the battle of São Mamede. The kingdom was ruled by the Alfonsine Dynasty until the 1383–85 Crisis, after which the monarchy passed to the House of Aviz.

During the 15th and 16th century, Portuguese exploration established a vast colonial empire. From 1580 to 1640, the Kingdom of Portugal was in personal union with Habsburg Spain.
After the Portuguese Restoration War of 1640–1668, the kingdom passed to the House of Braganza and thereafter to the House of Braganza-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. From this time, the influence of Portugal declined, but it remained a major power due to its most valuable colony, Brazil. After the independence of Brazil, Portugal sought to establish itself in Africa, but was ultimately forced to halt its expansion due to the 1890 British Ultimatum, eventually leading to the collapse of the monarchy in the 5 October 1910 revolution and the establishment of the First Portuguese Republic.

Portugal was an absolute monarchy before 1822. It alternated between absolute and constitutional monarchy from 1822 until 1834, and was a constitutional monarchy after 1834.

Asia Cooperation Dialogue

The Asia Cooperation Dialogue (ACD) is an intergovernmental organization created on 18 June 2002. It was created to promote Asian cooperation. The organization covers all of Asia. Its secretariat is in Kuwait.

The idea of an Asia Cooperation Dialogue was talked about at the First International Conference of Asian Political Parties (held in Manila between 17–20 September 2000) by Surakiart Sathirathai. People thought that Asia as a continent should have its own forum to discuss Asia-wide cooperation. The idea was formally put forward during the 34th ASEAN Foreign Ministers Meeting in Hanoi, 23–24 July 2001, and at the ASEAN Foreign Ministers Retreat in Phuket, 20–21 February 2002.

The ACD was founded by 18 members. The organization currently has 34 states, listed below (it includes all current members of the ASEAN and the GCC). "Overlapping regional organization membership in italics."

Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena

Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena (born 10 October 1945) is a Sri Lankan politician. He is the current Speaker of the Sri Lankan Parliament since 2020. He first entered parliament in 1983.

Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena was a young MP when he openly criticised the 1987's Indo-Lanka agreement for new provincial councils system to be established in Sri Lanka. He along with Chandrakumara Wijeya Gunawardena, the member for Kamburupitiya voted against the bill in Parliament becoming the only two government members who voted against it. He was later removed by Hon. President J. R. Jayewardene from his Parliamentary seat for violation the party rules by not voting the bill.

He later joined hands with Gamini Dissanayake and Lalith Athulathmudali (whom were also against the Indo-lanka agreement) as they too quit United National Party and formed the Democratic United National Front or aka 'Rajaliya-front'. Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena then contested for Southern Provincial Council under DUNF and won. He was then elected as the opposition leader of the Southern Provincial Council in 1993, and he became the Chief Minister of the Southern Provincial Council in 1994. Elected twice as the Chief Minister he was in office from 1994 to 2001. He is said to be one of the most successful Chief Ministers from south for developing the infrastructures that was neglected for more than 5 years due to the dark era of the country.

He left office to contest in 2001 general elections and become an opposition MP and served till 2004. After 2004 General elections, he became the Deputy Minister of Healthcare and later the Cabinet Minister for Cultural Affairs & National Heritage. After 2010 General Elections, he was Appointed as the Minister of Agriculture. Having been in office as the Minister of Agriculture for several years he was elected Vice Chairman at the 38th session of the Food and Agricultural Organization of the United Nations FAO Conference held in Rome, Italy in 2013. He was again appointed as the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs in 2015 for a brief period until he resigned and joined the opposition. He is a representative of Matara District for the United People's Freedom Alliance in the Parliament of Sri Lanka. He resides in Kalubowila, Dehiwala.

Miyoko Matsutani

Miyoko Matsutani was a Japanese picture book writer and folktale researcher. She is best known for writing the book "Taro the Dragon Boy."

Matsutani was born on 14 February 1926 in Tokyo, Japan. She was the youngest child of who was a lawyer and politician. She was a good reader. She graduated from high school in 1943. When she was 11 years old, her father died. Because of death of her father, her family could not afford to send her to college. She worked at a bank called Nihon Kangyō Ginkō and the Japan Travel Bureau. In 1945, when Bombing of Tokyo occurred during World War II, her family moved out to the city of Nakano in Nagano prefecture. She met in Nakano city. Tsubota mentored her as a writer.

Matsutani's first book was a collection of short stories called , which won the Children's Literature Association New Face Award. She married in 1955. Together they collected traditional legends of the Nagano area. This research inspired her 1960 book "Taro the Dragon Boy." It won the Hans Christian Anderssen Award and was later adapted into a movie. She was also popular for her book . It was published in 1964. It won the Noma Prize for children's literature. She also edited the "Kaidan Restaurant" series.

Her books for young readers often focused on the relationship between mothers and children. Her books for older readers had touched upon social issues. Her stories based on folktales were focused on the relationship between humans and nature.

Matsutani died of old age on 28 February 2015 in Tokyo.


Dominika Baćmaga

Dominika Baćmaga (born Dominika Muraszewska November 21, 1995 Płock) is a Polish sprinter.

She was the gold medalist of the 2015 Polish Senior Championships, in the 4 × 400 meters relay.

In 2015, she was part of the Polish team (as a member of the 4 × 400 metres relay) for the European Youth Championships, but ultimately did not compete in this competition.

In 2016, she was part of the Polish team (again as a member of the 4 × 400 metres relay) for the World Indoor Championships, but ultimately did not compete in these competitions.

At the 2021 Tokyo Olympics, she was a reserve in the 4×400 metres relay.

Wolha Paulukouska

Wolha Umadzimirauna Paulukouska (born July 13, 1988 in Grodno) is a Belarusian volleyball player. From the 2016/2017 season to October 2019, she played for KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski. 

She competed at the finals of the 2009 Women's European Volleyball Championship , 2013 Women's European Volleyball Championship , 2015 Women's European Volleyball Championship , 2017 Women's European Volleyball Championship and 2019 Women's European Volleyball Championship . She represented Belarus in the Europa League in 2012, 2016 and 2017 (6th place). and the 2018 Europa Golden League (6th place).

At the club level, she played for Politechnika Śląska Gliwice, Chemnik Police. and Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski.

In January 2021, she became a Polish citizen. 

Vargas Era

The Vargas Era (Portuguese: "Era Vargas"; ) is the period in the history of Brazil between 1930 and 1945, when the country was governed by President Getúlio Vargas.

The First Brazilian Republic is the period of Brazilian history from 1889 to 1930. The Old Republic began with the deposition of Emperor Pedro II in 1889, and ended with the Brazilian Revolution of 1930 that installed Getúlio Vargas as a new president.

During this time, Brazil was affected by the Great Depression because the economy need foreign markets and loans. The limited industrial development in São Paulo, the export of coffee and other agricultural products were not enough to help the economy.

The period from 1930 to 1937 is known as the Second Brazilian Republic, Vargas followed a path of social reformism in attempt to reconcile radically diverging interests of his supporters. His policies can best be described collectively as like those of fascist Italy under Mussolini, with an increased reliance on populism. Reflecting the influence of the "tenentes", he even advocated a program of social welfare and reform similar to New Deal in the United States, prompting U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt to proudly refer to him as "one of two people who invented the New Deal."Vargas sought to bring Brazil out of the Great Depression through statist-interventionist policies. He satisfied the demands of the rapidly growing urban bourgeois groups, voiced by the new (to Brazil) mass-ideologies of populism and nationalism. Like Roosevelt, his first steps focused on economic stimulus, a program on which all factions could agree.

The period from 1937 to 1945 is known as the Third Brazilian Republic, or Estado Novo. Vargas' four-year term as President under the 1934 Constitution was going to expire in 1938, however, Vargas managed to stay in power after the 1937 Brazilian coup d'état. Through this period, a series of measures were used to restrain political opposition, such as the nomination of Intervenors for the States and censorship of the media.


Rappin' for Jesus

"Rappin' for Jesus" is a parody song from 2013. Brian Spinney uploaded it to YouTube, where it has over 77 million views, on February 5, 2013, saying he directed it in high school and Pastor Jim Colerick and his wife Mary Sue wrote it for a Christian youth outreach program by West Dubuque 2nd Church of Christ in Dubuque, Iowa. It became more well known using Reddit.

The video links to the church's website, which says it was closed in 2004. It and Brian's YouTube channel were made on January 15, 2013, so "The Daily Dot" said it and the song are fake. "The Huffington Post" did not know if it was, but said it is "Very peculiar indeed". Chris English, pastor of GracePoint Church in Dubuque, Iowa, emailed "The Christian Post" to say he had never heard of the song's pastor or church, and the use of the word "nigga" was "clearly over the line, and offensive", and it would not work because it had many negative stereotypes about Christians.

The "Dallas Observer" said "it's cheesy. It's bad. It's painful." and it made Christian rap look bad.


Jewel Changi Airport

Jewel Changi Airport (also known as Jewel or Jewel Changi) is a nature-themed entertainment and retail complex on the inside of Changi Airport, Singapore, linked to three of its passenger terminals. Its highlight is the world's tallest indoor waterfall, known as the Rain Vortex, which is surrounded by a lot of plants.

Jewel includes gardens, entertainment, a hotel, about 300 dining places, as well as early baggage check-in facilities before flying a plane. It covers a total size of , about 10 storeys – five aboveground and five underground levels. Its attractions include the Shiseido Forest Valley, an indoor garden which is about five storeys, and the Canopy Park at the highest level, featuring more gardens and places for relaxation.

Jewel receives about 300,000 people a day. In October 2019, six months after its soft opening, it had welcomed 50 million people, exceeding its first target for the whole year. The complex and airport is located in Changi, at the eastern end of Singapore, approximately northeast from Singapore's Downtown Core.

Jewel was made to maintain Changi Airport's status as a major flying hub in the Asia-Pacific. It was first mentioned by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong in his National Day Rally speech in 2013 as part of Changi Airport's long-term plans to double its capacity by the mid-2020s and "create more opportunities for Singapore and Singaporeans".

Built over the former open-air car park in front of Changi Airport Terminal 1, Jewel expanded Terminal 1's arrival hall and baggage claim areas by 70%, and its handling capacity is also expected to increase from 21 to 24 million passengers a year. Jewel was officially opened on 18 October 2019 by Lee Hsien Loong, six months after its soft opening. During this time, it had received 50 million people – about 300,000 people a day – exceeding its initial target of 40-50 million people for the first year.

Jewel was developed by Jewel Changi Airport Trustee Pte Ltd, a partnership between Changi Airport Group (CAG) and CapitaLand, through its own shopping mall business, CapitaLand Mall Asia. The project cost S$1.7 billion, and did not involve any government funds or taxpayers’ money.

Jewel's circle glass-and-steel façade was designed by a lot of architects, led by Moshe Safdie, who also designed Singapore's Marina Bay Sands. Renowned local firm RSP Architects Planners & Engineers were the executive architect and structural engineers. The landscape architect was Peter Walker and Partners, who co-designed the National 9/11 Memorial and worked with Safdie on the landscaping of Marina Bay Sands. Benoy were the interior designers; BuroHappold Engineering were responsible for the façade and Lighting Planners Associates handled the lighting. The Rain Vortex was engineered by water design firm WET Design. It has a 360-degree light and sound show projected onto it.

Jewel was imagined to put together a marketplace and an urban park. "The component of the traditional mall is combined with the experience of nature, culture, education and recreation, aiming to provide an uplifting experience. By drawing both people and locals, we aim to create a place where the people of Singapore interact with the people of the world," said Safdie.

The glass panels of the dome are framed in steel which rests on a complex frame. At night, the glowing dome can be seen from all surrounding areas.

A partnership of Shiseido and art collective teamLab, the is one of Asia's largest indoor gardens, spanning five stories and approximately located in the heart of Jewel Changi Airport. It houses around 3,000 trees and 60,000 smaller plants of 120 different that live in high-altitude tropical forests from around the world.

The Rain Vortex, sponsored as the HSBC Rain Vortex, is the world's largest and tallest indoor waterfall, standing at high. Recirculating rain water is pumped to the roof to free fall through a round hole at up to per minute to a basement-level pool. An acrylic funnel at the bottom prevents splashing and insulates the sound of the cascade. The toroid-shaped roof has more than 9,000 pieces of glass spanning with a sloped oculus as the mouth of the waterfall acting as "a continuation of the building...completed in a liquid form." At night, the circular walls of the waterfall becomes a 360-degree stage for a light-and-sound show.

To prevent excess humidity in the Jewel, the waterfall's flow changes direction often to reduce air turbulence. The design process by WET Design engineers included testing a one-fifth-scale model and a full-size partial sample.

The Changi Airport Skytrain connecting the terminals passes above ground near the waterfall, allowing passengers remaining airside to see the Vortex and Jewel itself.

At the highest level of Jewel, the Canopy Park houses recreation and leisure attractions. About half of the total landscaping is hosted at Canopy Park, including two gardens: Topiary Walk and Petal Garden. The Topiary Walk features animal-shaped topiaries at every corner, while the Petal Garden has seasonal floral displays. The park includes a suspension bridge called the Canopy Bridge that is located above the ground which offers a panoramic view of the Rain Vortex. At long, the Canopy Bridge also has a glass panel flooring at the centre section that offers a view through to level 1 of Jewel. 

The park also consists of two mazes, situated at the eastern end of the Jewel called the Hedge Maze and Mirror Maze. The Hedge Maze is Singapore's largest with hedge walls standing at high. The maze features gates that can be pushed within that will change the path of the maze. It ends at an elevated watchtower that offers a bird's-eye view of the entire maze. The Mirror Maze is located under the dome with plants branching across the top of the maze. The maze makes use of mirrors and various reflections.

The Sky Nets, also called the Manulife Sky Nets for sponsorship reasons, provide children's play facilities, including a Bouncing Net and a Walking Net. The Bouncing Net is long, suspended 8 metres above ground at its highest point. A separate long Walking Net lets people to look down s to Jewel's Level 1.

The Discovery Slides feature four integrated slides: two tube slides and two sliding surfaces. The entire structure sits at an incline, high on one end, and close to on the other, and lets people to view the Forest Valley and the Rain Vortex. The Discovery Slides were designed by Carve and built by Playpoint in Singapore.

The Foggy Bowls are four concave bowls with depths of between and for people to jump in while mist is released to create an illusion of playing among clouds.

The Changi Experience Studio is a space with games and displays relating to Changi Airport's history and lets people a behind-the-scenes look of how the airport is run.

A hotel within Jewel, with about 130 rooms, operated by the international hotel brand, YOTEL, opened on 12 April 2019. It is YOTEL's second hotel in Singapore after the 2017 opening of the YOTEL on Orchard Road.

An ‘integrated multi-modal transport lounge’ provides ticketing, boarding pass collection and baggage transfer service in a single location. Early check-in facilities allows passengers to check-in and drop off luggage up to 24-hours ahead of regular check-in times. There are dedicated facilities for fly-cruise and fly-ferry passengers.

Jewel houses both local and international brands. Tenants include the largest Nike store in Southeast Asia, the first and only Apple Store located inside an airport complex, Marks & Spencer, Muji, Zara, Uniqlo, Singapore's second basement cinema operated by Shaw Theatres with 11 screens including an IMAX theatre with a seating capacity of 828 and Five Spice, a food court by Food Junction with 19 unique stalls and supermarket chain NTUC FairPrice Finest.

Jewel also includes American burger places such as A&W Restaurants and Shake Shack, Norwegian fast-casual restaurant Pink Fish, Swiss artisanal chocolatier Läderach, Sichuan restaurants Xiao Bin Lou and Yu's Kitchen, Boston-based ice cream parlour chain Emack & Bolio's, British casual eatery Burger & Lobster, Peruvian restaurant TONITO, Japan's Tokyo Milk Cheese Factory and the first permanent Pokémon Centre in East Asia outside of Japan.


The song "The Right Time" by Singaporean singer JJ Lin was motivated by Jewel, which was shown in its music video.


William James Sidis

William James Sidis was a child prodigy. At 18 months old, he could read "The New York Times" and understand everything. At 6 years, he could calculate any date that fell in the last 10,000 years. At 11 years, he applied for Harvard University and got accepted, while being able to speak 25 separate languages. His IQ was estimated to be about 275, much more than Albert Einstein’s 160.

Althegnenberg

Althegnenberg is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck, Bavaria, Germany. The municipality contains the villages Althegnenberg, Hörbach and Lindenhof.

Egenhofen

Egenhofen is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck, Bavaria, Germany.

Eichenau

Eichenau is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck, Bavaria, Germany. It is 20 km west of Munich (centre).

Eichenau was named in 1907 as a separate settlement from the community of Alling. It is at the railway station on the line Munich to Lindau. Josef Nibler district commissioner planned the community since 1916. He founded the Baugenossenschaft Eichenau and with 60 hectares of land for housing after the First World War. Most people living in Eichenau commute to Munich. The town now has a large sports centre with outdoor beach volleyball courts and tennis courts.


http://www.wikimapia.org/#lat=48.&lon=11.&z=14&l=5&m=a&v=2




Emmering, Fürstenfeldbruck

Emmering is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck, Bavaria, Germany.

Camden, Delaware

Camden is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Farmington, Delaware

Farmington is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Felton, Delaware

Felton is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Frederica, Delaware

Frederica is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Hartly, Delaware

Hartly is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Houston, Delaware

Houston is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Kenton, Delaware

Kenton is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Bob Carlisle

Bob Carlisle is an American singer and songwriter. In 1993, he had a number one song on "Billboard"'s Christian CHR National Airplay music chart.

He (and another) wrote a number one song on "Billboard"s Country Airplay music chart (1998).

He was born on September 29, 1956. He comes from Santa Ana, California.

He played in bands - Allies and Billy Thermal.

In 1997 he had a number one album on Billboards Top Christian Albums music chart.

He won a Grammy, together with Randy Thomas - Grammy Award for Best Country Song.

As a songwriter he has written "Why'd You Come in Here Lookin' Like That". Dolly Parton took the song to number one on "Billboard"s Country Airplay music chart; The song's other songwriter is Randy Thomas.

Bawcomville, Louisiana

Bawcomville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Chris Young

Christopher Alan Young (born June 12, 1985) is an American country singer and songwriter. In 2009 he had a number one song on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs music chart.

He was born on June 12, 1985. He comes from Murfreesboro, Tennessee.



Justin Omoregie

Justin Omoregie (born 21 September 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as midfielder for 2. Liga club FC Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg U19 squad in the 2021-22 UEFA Youth League.

He started his career with SV Aspern. In 2011 he went on to the youthteam of First Vienna FC. In 2013 he went to FK Austria Wien. In 2017 he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In January 2021 he went to FC Liefering. His debut was in July 2021. He was in the starting team against SV Horn. In the 83rd minute he got a red card. 

He played for the Austria U16, U17 and U19 national teams. In September 2019 he played his first match for the U17 team versus Romania, in September 2021 he played for the U19 team versus Turkey.


Kunming

Kunming is a Chinese city. It is in Yunnan province.

As of 2020, 4,443,000 people live in the city.

The Laos-China Railway finished its construction in 2021.

Dick Gordon

Richard Juico Gordon (born August 5, 1945) is a Filipino lawyer and a politician who also served as the 12th Secretary of The Department of Tourism and also was the Mayor of Olongapo from 1980-1986 and 1988-1993. He is also the Chairman of The Philippine red cross since 2004 and is also the current senator of the Philippines since 2016.

Salute (Little Mix album)

Salute is the second studio album by British girl group Little Mix. It was released on 8 November 2013 by Syco Music.

In an interview with Digital Spy in March 2013, Little Mix said that they wanted their second album to have a more R&B sound. Group member Jesy Nelson added: "I personally want to put a lot more dancey stuff in there. As in, one of the songs that comes on in a club that makes you want to dance. Not that David Guetta sound, but more R&B – a bit like Eve and Gwen Stefani's "Let Me Blow Ya Mind". They also revealed that they would be starting to write material for the album in the coming months.

Upon its release, "Salute" received positive reviews from music critics. 

Fürstenfeldbruck

Fürstenfeldbruck is a town in Bavaria, Germany, 32 kilometres west of Munich. It is the capital of the district of Fürstenfeldbruck. it has a population of 35,494. Since the 1930s, Fürstenfeldbruck has had an air force base.

The name of Fürstenfeldbruck is put together of two parts, namely 'Bruck', Bavarian dialect for 'bridge' (meaning the bridge over the Amper river) and after the famous monastery of Fürstenfeld Abbey.

Fürstenfeldbruck covers an area of 32.53 km². It is halfway between Munich and Augsburg, and along the Amper river.

Germering

Germering is a town of about 40,500 within Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. It is directly near to the city of Munich and borders it to the west.

Grafrath

Grafrath is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany. It takes its name from Saint Rasso (Ratho), who was a count (Graf) who founded a Benedictine abbey here in the 10th century.


Gröbenzell

Gröbenzell is a municipality near Munich in Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. It was founded in 1952, and has a population of 19,202. Gröbenzell is often called a garden city, which is also illustrated by the two flowers in the coat of arms.

Gröbenzell is at the creek Gröbenbach at the margin of the Dachauer Moos. Since the end of the 19th century, most of that land was dried up by Drainage. Also to the north and the south of Gröbenzell are some small lakes, which are used as recreation areas by the residents of the area.

To the south Gröbenzell borders Puchheim, to the north-west is Olching and to the east the Munich district Lochhausen is placed.


Hattenhofen, Bavaria

Hattenhofen is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Jesenwang

Jesenwang is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany. Its name was recorded as "Oasinwanc" during the Early Medieval period.

Kottgeisering

Kottgeisering is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Landsberied

Landsberied is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Maisach

Maisach is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany.

Maisach is the largest municipality in the Fürstenfeldbruck district. It is north of Fürstenfeldbruck, and northwest of Munich. It is served by an S-Bahn station on the towards Mammendorf, which is south of the town center. The tallest building in the town belongs to the local brewery and sports an aircraft warning beacon.

The community Maisach is on the river Maisach.


The municipal council ("Gemeinderat") of Maisach has 24 members:

The mayor is Hans Seidl (CSU).

Flyback transformer

A flyback transformer, also called a line output transformer, is a special type of electrical transformer. It was initially designed to generate high voltage sawtooth signals at a relatively high frequency.

Plectrohyla dasypus

The Honduras spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla dasypus") is a frog that lives in Honduras. It lives in pine-oak forests. Scientists have seen it between 1410 and 1990 meters above sea level in the Sierra de Omoa mountains.

The adult male frog is 31.5 to 44.0 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists can tell this frog apart from other frogs because it has spikes on its throat near its vocal slits. Its skin is bronze in color with black spots.

This frog is critically endangered. This means it could die out. One of the reasons it is endangered is that the fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" kills it. The fungus makes the tadpoles hatch with broken mouths. The frog is also endangered because human beings change the places it likes to live.

Grand Turk Island

Grand Turk is an island in the Turks and Caicos archipelago, in the Atlantic Ocean. It is a British territory. It has salt ponds and windmills from when people made sea salt on the island. There is a Grand Turk Lighthouse on the north side of the island. Horses and donkeys live on the island.

The government of Grand Turk Island is in Cockburn Town. Today, the largest industry on the island is seafood.

Roko Šimić

Roko Šimić (born 10 September 2003) is a Croatian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

He started his career with the youth teams of Dinamo Zagreb, Kustošija and Lokomotiva Zagreb. He made his senior debut for Lokomotiva in August 2020. In the 2020-21 season he made 25 matches and 3 goals for Lokomotiva. In July 2021 Šimić signed a contract with the Austrian side FC Red Bull Salzburg. With €4 million it was Lokomotiva's most expensive transfer.

He went on loan to FC Liefering and made his debut in August 2021 versus St. Pölten. He came in in the 46th minute and scored his first goal within his first minute. On 20 October 2021 he made his senior team and Champions League debut. He came in for Noah Okafor in the 87th minute of the 3–1 victory over VfL Wolfsburg. Four days later, he made his league debut for the senior team, replacing Karim Adeyemi in the 87th minute of the 4–1 victory over Sturm Graz. For the 2022/23 season he went on loan to FC Zürich.

Roko Šimić played in all Croatian youth teams. At the moment he plays for the U21 team.
Roko is the son of Dario Šimić, a former Croatian footballer. He was born in Milan, Italy where his father playedd for AC Milan. He has three brothers, Viktor, Nikolas and David. David suffers from Down syndrome.
Red Bull Salzburg

Czechoslovak koruna

The Czechoslovak koruna (in Czech and Slovak: "koruna československá", at times "koruna česko-slovenská" was the currency of Czechoslovakia from 10 April 1919 to 14 March 1939, and from 1 November 1945 to 7 February 1993.
The (last) ISO 4217 code and the local abbreviations for the koruna were "CSK" and "Kčs". One koruna equalled 100 "haléřů" (Czech, singular: "haléř") or "halierov" (Slovak, singular: "halier"). In both languages, the abbreviation "h" was used. The abbreviation was placed behind the numeric value.

The Czech koruna or Czech Crown has been the currency of the Czech Republic since 1993. The koruna is one of the European Union's 11 currencies, and the Czech Republic is legally bound to adopt the euro currency in the future.

The ISO 4217 code for the Czech Koruna is CZK. The symbol is Kč.

The Slovak Crown or Slovak koruna has been the currency used in Slovakia since February 8, 1993. It replaced the Czechoslovak Crown. Slovak koruna should not be mistaken with the Slovak koruna during the World War II (Slovak: "koruna slovenská", short Ks, notice word order)

The ISO 4217 code for the Slovak koruna is SKK. The symbol is Sk. One Koruna is equal to 100 hellers (written shortly as "hal.", in Slovak singular: "halier"). The symbol is put after the amount. 

Slovak koruna exists in these values: 50 h, 1 Sk, 2 Sk, 5 Sk, 10 Sk, 20 Sk, 50 Sk, 100 Sk, 200 Sk, 500 Sk, 1000 Sk and 5000 Sk. 10 h and 20 h are not used since 31 December 2003.

The central rate of Slovak koruna against euro was 35.4424 SKK as of 19 March 2007. Slovakia will use Euro instead of koruna from 1 January 2009.


Red River Colony

The Red River Colony, a key part of Manitoba's rich history, was a settlement on the Red and Assiniboine rivers whose boundaries crossed parts of what are now Manitoba and North Dakota.

In front of you (Garau)

Davanti a te (which translates to “In front of you”) is a 2021 artwork by Italian artist Salvatore Garau. The work consists of an immaterial sculpture.

As conceptual art, it consists of a certificate of authenticity which has affixed to it detailed diagrams and instructions for its proper display by its buyer. Two editions of the piece sold for $30,600 USD at auctions to significant media attention.

For Garau, the sculpture assets its conformation in its own nothingness. 

From Il Corriere della Sera to La Repubblica in Italy, from Le Monde to the New York Post, to ABC, Fox, CBS, to CNN, abroad. So much so that several sites specialized in contemporary art have reported that this summer, surpassing Jeff Koons and Damien Hirst, Salvatore Garau was the most published artist and most talked about in the media all over the world.

Manufactured in September 2020, the pieces are an "empty space", with certification papers signed by the artist sold in auction at 27,000 euros, $32,000 with auction rights, for only a paper certification with Garau signature, the price value for Sal Garau oil on canvas middle size become, with the artistic coefficient more then $500.000.

The first examples were provided in Milan by Italian futurist painters who let their paintings breathe deeply, leading them to expand to overcome the limit, so far crossed, of the frame, this artistic research is overcome by Umberto Boccioni , in his house in Porta Romana in Milan (district of the Prada Foundation) he was carrying on in sculpture. The fact is that in the early 1900s the perception of the physical world was completely transformed and artists absorbed these discoveries. There are countless examples in the history of art demonstrating that when the knowledge we have of the surrounding world changes, the way of representing it inevitably changes in turn. It was discovered that the space between bodies is crossed by invisible forces: electromagnetism, heat, light, all elements that the futurists introduced into their works. Garau finds the solution to the problem of understanding space and its representation of its relationship with the subject that occupies it, which has always been one of the crucial points of modern art. Since the time of the Historical Avant-gardes, the space of the painting became the field of experimentation.



Portuguese Restoration War

The Portuguese Restoration War () was the war between Portugal and Spain that began with the Portuguese revolution of 1640 and ended with the Treaty of Lisbon in 1668, bringing a formal end to the Iberian Union. The period from 1640 to 1668 was marked by periodic skirmishes between Portugal and Spain, as well as short episodes of more serious warfare, much of it occasioned by Spanish and Portuguese entanglements with non-Iberian powers. Spain was involved in the Thirty Years' War until 1648 and the Franco-Spanish War until 1659, while Portugal was involved in the Dutch–Portuguese War until 1663.

In the seventeenth century and afterwards, this period of sporadic conflict was simply known, in Portugal and elsewhere, as the "Acclamation War". The war established the House of Braganza as Portugal's new ruling dynasty, replacing the House of Habsburg who had been united with the Portuguese crown since the 1581 succession crisis.

John IV of Portugal

John IV (, ; 19 March 1604 – 6 November 1656), nicknamed John the Restorer (), was the King of Portugal whose reign, lasting from 1640 until his death, began the Portuguese restoration of independence from Habsburg Spanish rule. He was chosen to lead the revolt against Spanish rule. He established the House of Braganza on the Portuguese throne, and marked the end of the 60-year-old Iberian Union, by which Portugal and Spain shared the same monarch.

Before becoming king, he was John II, 8th Duke of Braganza. He was the grandson of Catherine, Duchess of Braganza, a claimant to the crown during the Portuguese succession crisis of 1580. On the eve of his death in 1656, the Portuguese Empire was at its territorial zenith, spanning the globe.

Salvaterra de Miño

Salvaterra de Miño is a town and municipality ("concello") in the province of Pontevedra, autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It's located on the southern border of the province of Pontevedra, at the confluence of the valleys of the rivers Tea and Minho, and by the natural limits of the Serra da Cañiza. It borders the Municipalities of As Neves in the east, Mondariz and Ponteareas to the north, and to the south by the Minno river. The Minno river ("Río Miño" or "Rio Minho") is the southern natural border that today separates Portugal with its fortified town of Monção from current Galicia to the north.

Hermisende

Hermisende is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 383 inhabitants.

Treaty of Lisbon (1668)

The Treaty of Lisbon of 1668 was a peace treaty between Portugal and Spain that was concluded at Lisbon on 13 February 1668 with the mediation of England in which Spain recognised the sovereignty of Portugal's new ruling dynasty, the House of Braganza.

The regent of Spain, Queen Mariana of Austria, the second wife of the late King Philip IV, acted in the name of her young son, Carlos II and oversaw the negotiations on the behalf of Spain.

The prince-regent of Portugal, Pedro, the future King Peter II of Portugal, in the name of his incapacitated brother, Afonso VI, represented Portugal.
The peace was mediated by Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich, an ambassador of Charles II of England.

Veloso Salgado

José Maria Veloso Salgado (2 April 1864 22 July 1945) was a Galician-born Portuguese artist. He is regarded as one of the country's foremost masters of Naturalism with many distinguished works in historical painting, landscapes, and portraits.
Luisa de Guzmán

Luisa María Francisca de Guzmán y Sandoval (; 13 October 1613 – 27 February 1666) was a queen consort of Portugal. She was the spouse of King John IV, the first Braganza ruler, as well as the mother of two kings of Portugal (Afonso VI and Peter II) and a queen of England (Catherine of Braganza). She served as regent of Portugal de jure from 1656 until 1662, and de facto until her death in 1666.

Frederick Schomberg, 1st Duke of Schomberg

Friedrich Hermann von Schönberg, 1st Duke of Schomberg, 1st Count of Mertola, (; ; 6 December 1615 – 1 July 1690) was a Marshal of France and a General in the English and Portuguese Army. He was killed at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690.

School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences

École des hautes études en sciences sociales (EHESS) is one of the most selective and prestigious social sciences Grandes écoles in Paris, France.

EHESS was originally a department of the École pratique des hautes études, founded in 1868 to train academic researchers. It became an independent institution in 1975. Today, its research covers the fields of economics and finance, cognitive sciences, humanities, and politics, such as the sciences, applied mathematics and statistics, development studies, sociology, anthropology, history, musicology, and the philosophy of the social sciences.



Melón

Melón is a municipality in the Galician province of Ourense. It has a population of 1582 (Spanish 2006 Census) and an area of 53.22 km².

Manuel Cruz Rodríguez

Manuel Cruz Rodríguez (born 1 January 1951) is a Spanish philosopher and politician who served as the 60th President of the Senate from May to December 2019. Prior to this, between 2016 and 2019, Cruz served as member of the Congress of Deputies in representation of Barcelona. He is a member of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia.

The Most Excellent

The Most Excellent (Spanish: "Excelentísimo Señor" (male) or "Excelentísima Señora" (female), literally "Most Excellent Sir/Madam") is an honorific prefix that is traditionally applied to certain people in Spain and certain Spanish-speaking countries. Following Spanish tradition, it is an "ex officio" style (the holder has it as long as they remain in office, in the most important positions of state) and is used in written documents and very formal occasions.

The prefix is similar (but not equal) to that of "His/Her Excellency", but in the 19th century "The Most Excellent" began to replace the former.

The proper use of the prefix Excellency was re-introduced in Francoist Spain by "Generalísimo" Francisco Franco himself, who was formally styled as "Su Excelencia el Jefe del Estado" ("His Excellency The Head of State"), while his ministers and senior government officials continued using the prefix "The Most Excellent".

The prefix "The Most Illustrious" ("Ilustrísimo/a Señor/a)" is the lower version, and is mostly used for non-Grandee titled nobles in Spain and some other officeholders.

Greek people

The Greeks or Hellenes () are an ethnic group and nation native to Greece, Cyprus, southern Albania, Anatolia, parts of Italy and Egypt, and to a lesser extent, other countries surrounding the Eastern Mediterranean and Black Sea. They also form a significant diaspora, with many Greek communities established around the world. They speak the Greek language.

Albert Frick

Albert Frick (born 21 October 1948) is a politician from Liechtenstein, member of the Progressive Citizens' Party, and the current President of the Landtag of Liechtenstein since March 2013.

The Rocket

The Rocket was a locomotive made by English engineers George and Robert Stephenson.

Southwest Papua

Southwest Papua () is a province of Indonesia. It was created on 8 December 2022 as a split from West Papua. The Governor of West Papua, Dominggus Mandacan has stated that Southwest Papua is ready to be made a new province. According to the expectations of the people of the Sorong Raya region because the expansion of the new autonomous regions of Southwest Papua is to shorten service distances and encourage development for the welfare of the community.
Southwest Papua has been striving to become a separate province since 2004, Indonesia is the largest archipelagic country in the world consisting of thousands of islands. One of them is the island of Papua which is rich in natural potential and tourism potential, beautiful like pearls that radiate from eastern Indonesia. Papua Island consists of the provinces of Papua and West Papua provinces. Along with the rapid development of the region from the east, Papua is planned to be divided into 5 large provinces, the current 2 provinces namely Papua Province (Jayapura) and West Papua Province (Manokwari) plus the planned new provinces are Southwest Papua Province, the capital city of Sorong, Central Papua in Nabire and The capital city of South Papua Province is Merauke.

The candidate for the provincial capital is City of Sorong. Districts that may join this province include:

Dazed

Dazed (formerly Dazed & Confused) is a bi-monthly British style magazine founded in 1991. It covers music, fashion, film, art, and literature. Dazed is published by Dazed Media, an independent media group known for producing stories across its print, digital and video brands. The company's portfolio includes titles "AnOther", Dazed Beauty and NOWNESS. The company's newest division, Dazed Studio, creates brand campaigns across the luxury and lifestyle sectors. Based in London, its founding editors are Jefferson Hack and fashion photographer Rankin along with former art director Ian C Taylor.

"Dazed" was begun by Jefferson Hack, Ian C Taylor and Rankin in collaboration with the photographers Jamie Parissis and Marshall Aver while they were studying at London College of Printing (now London College of Communications). Beginning as a black-and-white folded poster the magazine soon turned full colour and was promoted at London club nights. The Norwegian photographer and later Hells Angel Marcel Lelienhof was involved with the magazine in the first editions, as was the stylist Katie Grand

Today it is an independent youth culture magazine, distributed globally, covering fashion, art, music and lifestyle. There has been some discussion regarding the choice of title, but it is generally considered to have been inspired by the Led Zeppelin song of the same name.

South Papua

South Papua is a province in Papua. Tito Karnavian, as Minister of Home Affairs Indonesia has stated that South Papua is ready to become a new province. The districts that joined the new province candidates consisted of 4 districts and 1 municipality (under the expansion plan). It was created on 11 November 2022.

South Papua has been struggling to become a separate province since 2002 and was again proposed to be a province in 2020. This is because the Government of Indonesia wants the people of Papua to progress. The expansion of South Papua Province was originally planned to consist of five regencies, namely Asmat Regency, Boven Digoel Regency, Mappi Regency, Bintang Bintang Regency, and Merauke Regency . However, based on regional considerations, Bintang Mountains Regency then chose to resign due to the closer distance to Jayapura City.

The candidate for the provincial capital is City of Merauke. Districts that may join this province include:

Kat Cressida

Kat Cressida born (born March 1, 1968) is American voice actress. She is best known for voicing Dee Dee in Dexter’s Laboratory.

Samson Baidoo

Samson Baidoo (born 31 March 2004 in Graz) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Austria national team.
He played in the youth teams of Post SV Graz and Grazer AK. 2018 he came to the Red Bull Academy. 2021 he went on to FC Liefering.He made his debut for Liefering in the 2nd league in July 2021 when he came on as a substitute for Dijon Kameri in the 85th minute on the first matchday of that season against Kapfenberger SV.

In April 2022 he signed a professional contract in Salzburg that runs until June 2027. For the 2022/23 season he also moved into the Bundesliga squad. He debuted for Salzburg on 14 May 2023 in the away match versus LASK. 

He played for Austria U15, U16, U17 and U18.In November 2022 he made his debut for the U-21 team against Turkey. In October 2023 he was nominated for the senior national team for the first time. He made his debut in the same month when he came on as a substitute for Kevin Danso in the 66th minute of the European Championship qualifier against Belgium.

Spanish exonyms

This is a list of Spanish language exonyms.

They Who Dare

They Who Dare is a 1954 British World War II action movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Dirk Bogarde, Denholm Elliott, Akim Tamiroff, Harold Siddons, Eric Pohlmann, Gérard Oury, Sam Kydd, Peter Burton, Eileen Way.


Vice-Chancellor of Germany

The vice-chancellor of Germany, inofficially the vice-chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany (), officially the deputy to the federal chancellor (), is the second highest ranking German cabinet member. The chancellor is the head of government and, according to the constitution, gives this title of deputy to one of the federal ministers. It is common that the title is given to the major minister provided by the (smaller) coalition partner.

In everyday politics, being a vice chancellor is more an honorary title. The vice-chancellor may head cabinet meetings when the chancellor is abroad. The function of vice chancellor is to use the specific constitutional powers of the chancellor in case that the chancellor is unable to perform his or her duties. This kind of substitution has never been made use of in the history of the Federal Republic.

Should a chancellor resign, die or be permanently unable to perform his or her duties, the vice chancellor does not automatically become the next chancellor. In such a case the Federal President assigns a minister to serve as acting chancellor until the Bundestag (parliament) elects a new chancellor.).

Although is the constitutional term, most Germans know the deputy by the expression Vice-Chancellor (). Chancellor () is the traditional term for the German head of government since 1867/71. A general deputy has been introduced only in 1878 by law (). In the Weimar Republic of 1919–1933, the office of was mentioned in the internal reglement of the government. The current office or title has existed since the constitution of 1949.

The current vice-chancellor of Germany is Robert Habeck, who took office on 8 December 2021, succeeding Olaf Scholz, who gave up the role in order to become chancellor.

Political Party:

Political Party:

Political Party:

Franz Blücher

Franz Blücher (24 March 1896 – 26 March 1959) was a German politician and member of the German Parliament ("Bundestag").

Nueva Planta decrees

The Nueva Planta decrees (, ) were a number of decrees signed between 1707 and 1716 by Philip V, the first Bourbon king of Spain, during and shortly after the end of the War of the Spanish Succession by the Treaty of Utrecht.
Plazas de soberanía

The plazas de soberanía (, lit. "strongholds of sovereignty") is a term describing a series of Spanish overseas minor territories scattered along the Mediterranean coast bordering Morocco or that are closer to Africa than Europe. This term is used for those territories that have been a part of Spain since the formation of the modern country (1492–1556), as opposed to African territories acquired by Spain during the 19th and early 20th centuries in the Scramble for Africa.

Historically, a distinction was made between the so-called "major places of sovereignty", comprising the autonomous cities of Ceuta and Melilla, and the "minor places of sovereignty", referring to a number of islands (and a small peninsula) along the coast. In the present, the term refers mainly to the latter.

Plectrohyla calvata

Plectrohyla calvata is a frog in the family Hylidae. Itlives in Honduras. Scientists have seen it between 1900 and 2500 meters above sea level in cloud forests.

Latins (Italic tribe)

The Latins sometimes known as the Latians were an Italic tribe. It had the early people living in the city of Rome. From about 1000 BC, the Latins lived in the small region known to the Romans as Old Latium

Eduardo Ferro Rodrigues

Eduardo Luís Barreto Ferro Rodrigues (born 3 November 1949) is a Portuguese politician and economist who has been President of the Assembly of the Republic since 2015, in the 13th (2015–2019) and 14th Legislatures (2019–present). He was Minister for Social Security, and later Minister for Public Works, in the governments of António Guterres.

Portuguese escudo

The Portuguese escudo was the currency of Portugal prior to the introduction of the euro on 1 January 1999 and the removal of the escudo from circulation on 28 February 2002. The escudo was subdivided into 100 . The word derives from the scutum shield.

Amounts in escudos were written as with the as the decimal separator (for example: means , means ). Because of the conversion rate of 1000 = , three decimal places were initially used ( = ).
Mammendorf

Mammendorf is a municipality in Bavaria, Germany. It is halfway between Munich and Augsburg.

Mammendorf is part of Fürstenfeldbruck, Upper Bavaria and is about 6 kilometres northwest of the city of Fürstenfeldbruck. The towns Nannhofen and Peretshofen are part of the municipality of Mammendorf.

The Maisach River flows through Mammendorf.

Mittelstetten

Mittelstetten is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Moorenweis

Moorenweis is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberschweinbach

Oberschweinbach is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

County of Portugal

The County of Portugal (; in documents of the period the name used was Portugalia) refers to two successive medieval counties in the region around Braga and Porto, today corresponding to littoral northern Portugal, within which the identity of the Portuguese people formed. The first county existed from the mid-ninth to the mid-eleventh centuries as a vassalage of the Kingdom of Asturias and later the Kingdoms of Galicia and León, before being abolished as a result of rebellion. A larger entity under the same name was then reestablished in the late 11th century and subsequently elevated by its count in the mid-12th century into an independent Kingdom of Portugal.

Battle of Ourique

The Battle of Ourique () was a battle that took place on 25 July 1139, in which the forces of Portuguese count Afonso Henriques (of the House of Burgundy) defeated those led by the Almoravid governor of Córdoba, Muhammad Az-Zubayr Ibn Umar, identified as "King Ismar" in Christian chronicles.

Qaid

Qaid ( ', "commander"; pl. '), also spelled kaid or caïd, is a word meaning "commander" or "leader." It was a title in the Norman kingdom of Sicily, applied to palatine officials and members of the "curia", usually to those who were Muslims or converts to Islam. The word entered the Latin language as or . Later the word was used in North Africa for the governor of a fortress or the warden of a prison, also in Spain and Portugal in the form with the definite article "alcayde" (Spanish) "alcaide" (Portuguese). It is also used as a male Arabic given name.

Domingos Sequeira

Domingos António de Sequeira (Lisbon; 10 March 1768Rome; 8 March 1837) was a famous Portuguese painter at the Royal Court of King John VI of Portugal.
Ourique

Ourique () is a city in the District of Beja in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 5,389, in an area of 663.31 km.

This town is traditionally considered the site of the famous Battle of Ourique in 1139, which saw the forces of Portuguese Prince Afonso Henriques defeat a Muslim Almoravid force. The present Mayor is Marcelo Guerreiro, elected by the Socialist Party, who became the youngest Mayor in Portugal, aged 25, in 2015. The municipal holiday is September 8.

Kingdom of Asturias

The Kingdom of Asturias (; ) was a kingdom in the Iberian Peninsula founded by the Visigothic nobleman Pelagius. It was the first Christian political entity established after the Umayyad conquest of Visigothic Hispania in 718 or 722. That year, Pelagius defeated an Umayyad army at the Battle of Covadonga, in what is usually regarded as the beginning of the "Reconquista".

The Asturian kings would occasionally make peace with the Muslims, particularly at times when they needed to pursue their other enemies, the Basques and rebels in Galicia. Thus Fruela I (757–68) killed 40,000 Muslims but also defeated the Basques and Galicians, and Silo (774–83) made peace with the Muslims but not with the Galicians. Under King Alfonso II (791–842), the kingdom was firmly established with Alfonso's recognition as king of Asturias by Charlemagne and the Pope. He conquered Galicia and the Basques. During his reign, the holy bones of St James the Great were declared to be found in Galicia, in Compostela (from Latin "campus stellae", literally "the field of the star"). Pilgrims from all over Europe opened a way of communication between the isolated Asturias and the Carolingian lands and beyond. Alfonso's policy consisted in depopulating the borders of Bardulia (which would turn into Castile) in order to gain population support north of the mountains. With this growth came a corresponding increase in military forces. The kingdom was now strong enough to sack the Moorish cities of Lisbon, Zamora and Coimbra. However, for centuries to come the focus of these actions was not conquest but pillage and tribute. In the summers of 792, 793 and 794 several Muslim attacks plundered Alava, and the heart of the Asturian kingdom, reaching up to the capital, Oviedo. In one of the retreats, Alfonso inflicted a severe defeat on the Muslims in the swampy area of Lutos, killing 70,000.

When Alfonso II died, Ramiro I (842–50) staged a coup against the "Count of the Palace" Nepotian, who had taken the throne. After a battle on a bridge over the river Narcea, Nepotian was captured in flight, blinded and then forced into monastic life. Early in his reign, in 844, Ramiro was faced with a Viking attack at a place called "Farum Brecantium", believed to be present-day Corunna. He gathered an army in Galicia and Asturias and defeated the Vikings, killing many of them and burning their ships. In 859, a second Viking fleet set out for Spain. The Vikings were slaughtered off the coast of Galicia by Count Pedro. The considerable territorial expansion of the Asturian kingdom under Alfonso III (866–910) was largely made possible by the collapse of Umayyad control over many parts of Al-Andalus at this time. Between the years 866 and 881, the western frontier of the kingdom in Galicia was expanded into the northern part of modern-day Portugal. The year 878 saw a Muslim assault on the towns of Astorga and León. The expedition consisted of two detachments, one of which was decisively defeated at Polvoraria on the river Orbigo, with an alleged loss of 13,000 men. In 881, Alfonso took the offensive, leading an army deep into the Lower March, crossing the Tagus River to approach Mérida. Then miles from the city the Asturian army crossed the Guadiana River and defeated the Umayyad army on "Monte Oxifer", allegedly leaving 15,000 Muslim soldiers killed. Returning home, Alfonso devoted himself to building the churches of Oviedo and constructing one or two more palaces for himself.

The Kingdom of Asturias transitioned into the Kingdom of León in 924, when Fruela II of Asturias became king with his royal court in León.

Aeronca C-3

The Aeronca C-3 is a light aircraft build by Aeronca in the 1930s. Its made in the United States and there's a number of 400 build.



Aeronca K

The Aeronca K is an American aircraft made by Aeronca in 1937. The aircraft is still in use and there are 357 made.


Welch OW-6M

The Welch OW-6M is an American aircraft made by Welch aircraft industry in 1931.


Ferrofluid

A ferrofluid is a liquid that will react to a magnetic field without becoming solid. Usually it contains small magnetic particles in a suspension.

Continental A-40

The Continental A-40 is an aircraft engine made by Continental Motors and is especially made for light aircraft.
A40



Olching

Olching is a town in Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. It is about 20 km (12 mi) northwest of Munich.

Olching is about halfway between Dachau and Fürstenfeldbruck, and stretches along both sides of the River Amper. There are two lakes to the east of Olching, the "Olchinger See" (Lake Olching) and "Kleiner See" (Small Lake), both of which border on the neighbouring community of Gröbenzell.

Olching is twinned with:

The initial text content of this site is based upon the German language Wikipedia entry for Olching, 


Continental A-50

The Continental A-40 is an aircraft engine made by Continental Motors and is especially made for light aircraft.



Socialist Party (Portugal)

The Socialist Party is a social-democratic political party in Portugal. It was founded in-exile on 19 April 1973 in the German city of Bad Münstereifel by members from the Portuguese Socialist Action during the Estado Novo era. Partido Socialista is a member of the Socialist International and Progressive Alliance. It is also a member of Party of European Socialists regionally in Europe. It has nine members in the European Parliament within the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats group during the 9th European Parliament.

The part is considered centre-left and is one of the two major parties in Portuguese politics, its rival being the Social Democratic Party (PSD) on the centre-right. The leader of the PS is António Costa, the current Prime Minister of Portugal. The party has 108 of 230 seats in the Portuguese parliament following the October 2019 election, forming a minority government.

Afonso VI of Portugal

Afonso VI (; 21 August 164312 September 1683), known as "the Victorious" (), was the second King of Portugal of the House of Braganza from 1656 until his death. He was initially under the regency of his mother, Luisa of Medina-Sidonia, until 1662, when he removed her to a convent and took power with the help of his favourite, the Count of Castelo Melhor.

Afonso's reign saw the end of the Restoration War (1640–68) and Spain's recognition of Portugal's independence. He also negotiated a French alliance through his marriage. However, the king was physically and mentally weak. In 1668, his brother Pedro conspired to have him declared incapable of ruling, and took supreme "de facto" power as regent, although nominally Afonso was still sovereign. Queen Marie Françoise, Afonso's wife, received an annulment and subsequently married Pedro. Afonso spent the rest of his life and reign practically a prisoner.

John of Austria the Younger

John Joseph of Austria or John of Austria (the Younger) () (7 April 162917 September 1679) was a Spanish general and political figure. He was the only illegitimate son of Philip IV of Spain to be acknowledged by the King and trained for military command and political administration. Don John advanced the causes of the Spanish Crown militarily and diplomatically at Naples, Sicily, Catalonia, the Netherlands, Portugal, Dunkirk and other fronts. He was the governor of the Southern Netherlands from 1656 to 1659. He remained a popular hero even as the fortunes of Imperial Spain began to decline. His feuds with his father's widow, Queen Mariana, led to a 1677 palace coup through which he exiled Mariana and took control of the monarchy of his half-brother Charles II of Spain. However, he proved far from the savior Spain had hoped he would be. He remained in power until his death in 1679.
Prazeres Cemetery

Prazeres Cemetery () is one of the largest cemeteries in Lisbon, Portugal; it is located in the "freguesia" (civil parish) of Estrela, in western Lisbon (formerly, within the parish of Prazeres). It is considered to be one of the most beautiful and famous cemeteries in the world. It is home to the , the largest mausoleum in Europe.

Prazeres Cemetery is the resting place for many famous personalities, including Prime Ministers and Presidents of Portugal, notable literary figures such as author Ramalho Ortigão, famous artists like painters Columbano Bordalo Pinheiro or Roque Gameiro, prominent musical figures like pianist Alexandre Rey Colaço or composer João Domingos Bomtempo, and numerous other notable burials, especially from the Portuguese nobility.

Estrela (Lisbon)

Estrela () is a "freguesia" (civil parish) and district of Lisbon, the capital of Portugal. Located in the historic center of Lisbon, Estrela is south of Campo de Ourique, west of Misericórdia, and east of Alcântara. The population in 2011 was 20,128.

Lisbon District

The District of Lisbon () is along the western coast of Portugal. The district capital is the city of Lisbon, which is also the national capital.

The district has 16 municipalities:

Maurits Kjaergaard

Maurits Kjaergaard (born 26 June 2003) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and for FC Liefering in the 2nd Austrian league.
He started his career with Lyngby BK. 2019 he went on to FC Red Bull Salzburg. In the beginning he played for the feeder club FC Liefering. He made his debut for Liefering in August 2019 versus SV Horn when he came in for Jung-Min Kim in minute 64.
In February 2021 he made his debut for FC Red Bull Salzburg. 
Kjaergaard played for Denmarks U16, U17, U19 and U21.
Red Bull Salzburg 

Jjimjilbang

Jjimjilbang or jimjilbang are Korean spas. They have bathtubs, heated floors, and hot kiln rooms that are like saunas. Some of them have pools or massages.

There are two types of warmth in a jjimjilbang: heated floors and heated rooms similar to saunas.

Some jjimjilbang in Korea today are open all day and night. In some jjimjilbang, travelers can buy a place to sleep for the night, like in a hotel.

It costs about ￦5000 to to go to a jjimjilbang and about ￦8000 to sleep there overnight (US$5 to $8). People come to a jjimjilbang and take off their shoes to walk on the heated floor. They put all their clothes in lockers. Then they take showers with soap before going into any of the pools or saunas.

People make jjimjilbang out of different things for different reasons. People think bathing in a jjimjilbang made of clay may remove toxins from the body. People think bathing in a jjimjilbang made of jade may stop pain in the joints, for example the knees.

Today, some jjimijilbang also have fitness centers and rooms for arcade games, movies, the Internet, and fitness centers. Some jjimjilbang let people wear shorts and t-shirts to the entertainment areas but not in the water.

Jjimjilbang came from the natural hot springs in Korea. The first jjimjilbang may have been in the Joseon era (late 1300s to late 1800s). 


New Brighton, Minnesota

New Brighton is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

North Oaks, Minnesota

North Oaks is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Arup S-2

The Arup S-2 is an aircraft that is made by Arup in 1933 and has a wing named the low aspect ratio wing.
General characteristics


Performance


North St. Paul, Minnesota

North St. Paul is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Shoreview, Minnesota

Shoreview is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

Vadnais Heights, Minnesota

Vadnais Heights is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.

German Emperor

The German Emperor ( ) was the official title of the head of state and hereditary ruler of the German Empire. A specifically chosen term, it was introduced with the 1 January 1871 constitution and lasted until the official abdication of Wilhelm II on 28 November 1918. The Holy Roman Emperor is sometimes also called "German Emperor" when the historical context is clear, as derived from the Holy Roman Empire's official name of "Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation" from 1512.

Heath Parasol LNA-40

The Heath Parasol is an American home made aircraft made by Edward Bayard Heath in 1926.



Arthur Moeller van den Bruck

Arthur Moeller van den Bruck was a German historian. In 1905 he published a cultural history of Germany in eight volumes. During World War I he was in a foreign affairs section of the German Army. in 1923 he published a book called "Das Dritte Reich" which influenced various right-wing politicians in Germany, including Adolph Hitler. He thought Hitler could not become important and the political hope of the future was Benito Mussolini. Van den Bruck committed suicide in 1925.
Mirandese language

The Mirandese language or "lhéngua mirandesa" is an Astur-Leonese language or language variety that is sparsely spoken in a small area of northeastern Portugal in Terra de Miranda (made up of the municipalities of Miranda do Douro, Mogadouro and Vimioso). 
The Assembly of the Republic granted it official recognition alongside Portuguese for local matters on 17 September 1998 with the law 7/99 of 29 January 1999. In 2001, Mirandese was officially recognised by the European Bureau for Lesser-Used Languages, which aims to promote the survival of the least spoken European languages.
Mirandese has a distinct phonology, morphology and syntax. It has its roots in the local Vulgar Latin spoken in the northern Iberian Peninsula.

Mirandese is a descendant of the Astur-Leonese variety spoken in the Kingdom of León and has both archaisms and innovations that differentiate it from the modern varieties of Astur-Leonese spoken in Spain. In recognition of these differences, and due to its political isolation from the rest of the Astur-Leonese speaking territory, Mirandese has adopted a different written norm to the one used in Spain for Astur-Leonese.

Marienplatz

Marienplatz (English: Mary's Square, i.e. St. Mary, Our Lady's Square) is a central square in the centre of Munich, Germany. It has been the city's main square since 1158.


Nicholson Junior KN-2

The Nicholson Junior KN-2 was an aircraft made in the late 1920s. It was used for flight training in the United States. Only 1 aircraft was built.



SpVgg Unterhaching

Spielvereinigung Unterhaching () is a German sports club in Unterhaching, a municipality on the southern parts of the Bavarian capital Munich. The club is known for playing in the first-division association football league Bundesliga with Bayern Munich and 1860 Munich, for two seasons between 1999 and 2001. The football team plays in the Regionalliga (fourth tier).

The club's honours:


Recent managers of the club:
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:


SpVgg Unterhaching's home stadium is the municipal Stadion am Sportpark (capacity 15,053), now known as Alpenbauer Sportpark under a sponsorship agreement with the club.


Piper J-3 Cub

The Piper J-3 Cub is an American light aircraft that was built between 1938 and 1947 by Piper Aircraft.The Cub is Piper Aircraft's most-produced model, with nearly 20,000 built in the United States.



Get Weird

Get Weird is the third studio album by British girl group Little Mix. It was released on 6 November 2015, through Syco Music and Columbia Records. The album is a departure from the urban sound of the group's previous album "Salute" (2013), and features a more dance-pop, synth-pop and R&B sound to it.

"Get Weird" received generally positive reviews from music critics.


Helicopter-triggered lightning strike

Helicopter-triggered lightning strikes is when a "helicopter itself [... is a main reason for a] lightning strike [... or hit. Other reasons] are needed to create the right conditions for helicopter"-"triggered lightning, which has been observed in [... the] North Sea [... and] sea near Japan".

These lightning strikes happen especially when there is snow fall and the temperature is around 0 degrees celsius.

The phenomenon has been studied for several years (as of 2015).


Roberto Fico

Roberto Fico (; born 10 October 1974) is an Italian politician and member of the Five Star Movement. He was President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 2018 to 2022. Previously, he was the Chairman of the RAI Supervision Commission from 2013 to 2018.

Fuorigrotta

Fuorigrotta "Outside the grotto") is a western suburb of Naples, southern Italy.
Covering an area of 6,2 km, it is the most populated suburb of the city (76.521 people).

It lies beyond the Posillipo hill and has been joined to the main body of Naples by two traffic tunnels through that hill since the early 20th century.

It is the site of the Stadio San Paolo, home to the Serie A team S.S.C. Napoli. It is also the site of the new Monte Sant'Angelo campus of the University of Naples.

It owes its name to its position "outside the grotto". Since Roman times, one or more tunnels connected it with the district of Mergellina.

The oldest tunnel is a Roman one, the Crypta Neapolitana, connecting Fuorigrotta with Piedigrotta. In Roman times, it connected Naples to the road that led to Pozzuoli and to area of the Campi Flegrei.
Fuorigrotta has been a rural district until the Fascist era. The urban asset of the area was radically changed by the Fascist government since 1936, first by building the viale Augusto and by locating in the area the Mostra d'Oltremare (one of the most important Italian fair ground) and then by the construction of the Santa Maria Immacolata church.
During this period many streets changed their names into Roman inspired ones: viale Augusto, via Giulio Cesare, via Caio Duilio etc.

After World War II, Fuorigrotta underwent intense urban expansion and became the most densely populated area of the city.

Sony Classical

Sony Classical is an American record label founded in 1924 as Columbia Masterworks Records, a subsidiary of Columbia Records. In 1980, the Columbia Masterworks label was renamed as CBS Masterworks Records. The CBS Records Group was acquired by Sony in 1988, and in 1990 it was renamed Sony Classical.



Porterfield CP-40 Zephyr

The Porterfield Collegiate is an American training aircraft made by Porterfield Aircraft Corporation in 1936. They are still in service and there are a number of 476 aircrafts build.


CP-50


Rose Parakeet

The Rose Parrakeet was a sporting biplane produced in small numbers in the United States during the 1930s. It's made by the Rose Aeroplane and Motor Company.


Taylor E-2 Cub

The Taylor Cub was originally designed by C. Gilbert Taylor as a small, light and simple aircraft, evolved from the Arrowing Chummy. It is the forefather of the popular

Piper J-3 Cub, and total production of the Cub series was 23,512 aircraft. It has a Continental A-40 engine.


Red Dog (movie)

Red Dog is a 2011 Australian comedy-drama family movie written by Daniel Taplitz, directed by Kriv Stenders and produced by Nelson Woss and Julie Ryan. It stars Koko as the title character, Josh Lucas, Rachael Taylor, and John Batchelor. The movie is based on the true story of Red Dog and uses the 2002 novel "Red Dog" by Louis de Bernieres as the primary source. At the 2011 Inside Film Awards, "Red Dog" was nominated in nine categories and won seven, including best feature movie. The movie was also nominated for seven AACTA Awards and won for Best Movie. The movie was theatrically released on 4 August 2011 by Roadshow Film Distributors.

The movie was followed by a prequel, "" released in 2016, and a spin-off documentary "" released in 2019.



Thomas Rhett

Thomas Rhett is an American singer and songwriter. In 2013
he had his first number one song on "Billboard"'s Country Airplay music chart.

Rhett was born on March 30, 1990 in Valdosta, Georgia.




Alabama Landing, Louisiana

Alabama Landing is an unincorporated community in Union Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Upstream (movie)

Upstream is a 1927 American comedy movie directed by John Ford and starring Nancy Nash, Earle Foxe, Raymond Hitchcock, Grant Withers, Sammy Cohen, Lydia Yeamans Titus, Emile Chautard, Jane Winton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Plectrohyla sagorum

The arcane spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla sagorum") is a frog that lives in Mexico, Guatemala, and El Salvador. It lives in cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 1450 and 2050 meters above sea level.

Sonny &amp; Cher

Sonny & Cher were an American pop and entertainment duo in the 1960s and 1970s, made up of husband and wife Sonny Bono and Cher. The couple started their career in the mid-1960s as R&B backing singers for record producer Phil Spector.

The pair first achieved fame with two hit songs in 1965, "Baby Don't Go" and "I Got You Babe". Signing with Atco/Atlantic Records, they released three studio albums in the late 1960s, as well as the soundtrack recordings for two unsuccessful movies, "Good Times"and "Chastity", with Cher contributing vocals to one cut, "Chastity's Song (Band of Thieves)". In 1972, after three years of silence, the couple returned to the studio and released two other albums under the MCA/Kapp Records label.

In the 1970s, they also positioned themselves as media personalities with two top ten TV shows in the US, "The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour" and "The Sonny & Cher Show". The couple's career as a duo ended in 1975 following their divorce. In the decade they spent together, Sonny and Cher were nominated for two Grammy Awards and sold over 40 million records worldwide. "Rolling Stone" ranked them No. 18 on its list of the 20 Greatest Duos of All Time.

Integration by substitution

In calculus, integration by substitution is a method of evaluating an antiderivative or a definite integral by applying a change of variables. It is the integral counterpart of the chain rule for differentiation. For a definite integral, it can be shown as follows:

formula_1

Where formula_2 such that formula_3.


Consider the integral

formula_4

Let formula_5 to obtain formula_6 and formula_7. In this case, the formula_8 variable is not present, so the 1/3 can be factored out of the integrand. Since the integral is now in terms of formula_9, the bounds of integration (1 and 3 in this case), must be plugged in to the substitution u=3x. So the new bounds of integration are 3 and 9 to obtain,

formula_10

The antiderivative of formula_11 may also be found using integration by substitution and ends up being formula_12.

The Perils of Pauline (1947 movie)

The Perils of Pauline is a 1947 American comedy movie directed by George Marshall and starring Betty Hutton, John Lund, Billy De Wolfe, William Demarest, Constance Collier, Frank Faylen, William Farnum, Chester Conklin, Creighton Hale. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1948.


Up Goes Maisie

Up Goes Maisie is a 1946 American comedy movie directed by Harry Beaumont and is the ninth movie in the Maisie series. It stars Ann Sothern, George Murphy, Hillary Brooke, Stephen McNally, Jeff York, Murray Alper, John Eldredge and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


A Perfect World

A Perfect World is a 1993 American crime drama movie directed by Clint Eastwood (who also stars). Also starring Kevin Costner, Laura Dern, Keith Szarabajka, Leo Burmester, Bruce McGill, Paul Hewitt, Bradley Whitford, Anthony Head and was distributed by Warner Bros..

Pope Cyril V of Alexandria

Pope Cyril V of Alexandria (Abba Kyrillos V) (1831-1927) was the 112th Pope of Alexandria from 1874-1927. He was the leader of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria. He is the longest-serving church official who was been ranked as Pope in history.

Disorganized Crime

Disorganized Crime is a 1989 American comedy movie directed by Jim Kouf and starring Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, Corbin Bernsen, Rubén Blades, Ed O'Neill, Hoyt Axton, William Russ. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.

Daniel Owusu

Daniel Owusu (born 13 June 1989) is a Ghanaian footballer. He plays as a striker for 2. Liga club FC Liefering, on loan from Red Bull Salzburg. He also plays in the UEFA Youth League team of FC Red Bull Salzburg.

Owusu began his career with West African Football Academy (WAFA) in Sogakope. He played in their youth teams. With WAFA under 16 team he won the 2018 Next Generation Trophy in Salzburg, Austria. He was selected best player of the tournament. Then he played for the senior team of the WAFA.

In February 2021 he came to FC Red Bull Salzburg along with Forson Amankwah. For the rest of the season he went on loan to SV Horn. After this loan he went on loan to the feeder team FC Liefering for the 2021-22 season.

Phobia (1980 movie)

Phobia is a 1980 Canadian American horror thriller directed by John Huston and starring Paul Michael Glaser, Susan Hogan, Patricia Collins, John Colicos, David Eisner, Alexandra Stewart. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The False Madonna

The False Madonna is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Stuart Walker and starring Kay Francis, Charles D. Brown, Conway Tearle, Marjorie Gateson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Susan Lenox (Her Fall and Rise)

Susan Lenox (Her Fall and Rise) is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Robert Z. Leonard and was based on the 1912 novel of the same name by David Graham Phillips. It stars Greta Garbo, Clark Gable, Alan Hale Sr., Jean Hersholt, Hilda Vaughn, Ian Keith, John Miljan and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Hough transform

The Hough transform is a computer vision technique used to identify lines within an image. The only knowledge you need prior to understanding the algorithm is that lines can be represented either by two points or by two values. The first is the angle of the line (theta) and the second is the shortest distance from that line to the origin (rho). The algorithm basically works like this:

Some notes about the algorithm:

Plectrohyla quecchi

The Las Palmas spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla quecchi") is a frog that lives in Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 615 and 1850 meters above sea level.

Puchheim

Puchheim is a town near Munich in Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany. It has about 20,000 residents.

Puchheim is divided into two parts: Puchheim-Ort and the new part of Puchheim (Puchheim-Bahnhof) that was founded when the Munich S-Bahn was built. Before that there was one of the first civil airfields in Bavaria, which was later used as a prisoner of war camp during World War I.

Puchheim is twinned with:

Schöngeising

Schöngeising is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Türkenfeld

Türkenfeld (German literally: "“Turkfield”") is a municipality in Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.

Türkenfeld is about 14 km south-west of Fürstenfeldbruck and 37 km west of Munich. The municipality has incorporated the communities of Burgholz, Klotzau, Türkenfeld, Peutenmühle, Pleitmannswang, and Zankenhausen.


Imperial German Army

The Imperial German Army (1871–1919), officially called the German Army (), was the unified ground and air force of the German Empire. It was established in 1871 with the political unification of Germany under the leadership of Prussia, and was dissolved in 1919, after the defeat of the German Empire in First World War (1914–1918). In the Federal Republic of Germany, the term ' identifies the German Army, the land component of the '. 

Moravians

Moravians ("Czech: Moravané" or colloquially "Moraváci", outdated "Moravci") are a West Slavic ethnographic group from the Moravia region of the Czech Republic, who speak the Moravian dialects of Czech or Common Czech or a mixed form of both. Along with the Silesians of Czechia, a part of the population to identify ethnically as Moravian has registered in Czech censuses since 1991. The figure has fluctuated and in the 2011 census, 6.01% of the Czech population declared Moravian as their ethnicity. Smaller pockets of persons declaring Moravian ethnicity are also native to neighboring Slovakia.

Moldovans

Moldovans, sometimes referred as Moldavians ( , Moldovan Cyrillic: молдовень), are the largest ethnic group of the Republic of Moldova (75.1% of the population as of 2014) and a significant minority in Ukraine and Russia.

This article refers to the mostly Moldovan/Romanian language-speaking population native to the Republic of Moldova, the historical Bessarabia, Transnistria and the diaspora originating from these regions, self-identified as Moldovans (another 7% of the population of Moldova self-identified as Romanians).

The variant Moldavians may also be used to refer to all inhabitants of the territory of historical Principality of Moldavia, currently divided among Romania (47.5%), Moldova (30.5%) and Ukraine (22%), regardless of ethnic identity. In Romania, natives of Western Moldavia identifying with the term generally declare Romanian ethnicity, while the Moldovans from Bessarabia (the Republic of Moldova included) are usually called "Bessarabians" ().

National Bank of Ukraine

National Bank of Ukraine () or NBU () is the central bank of Ukraine – a government body responsible for unified state policy in the field of country's monetary circulation, including strengthening of national currency unit – hryvnia. National bank of Ukraine employe over 12,000 making it one of the leading banks. It regulates and supervises activities, functions and legal status of government and commercial banks based on principles of the Constitution of Ukraine and the law of Ukraine "About the National Bank of Ukraine".

Pillars of Hercules

The Pillars of Hercules are the mountains on both sides of the Strait of Gibraltar. People in ancient times named them. Modern historians know that the northern Pillar, Calpe Mons, is the Rock of Gibraltar. But modern historians do not know which rock on the south side is the other Pillar, Abila Mons. Historians have argued about this for hundreds of years. The two rocks that are most likely to be Abial Mons are Monte Hacho in Ceuta and Jebel Musa in Morocco.

President of the Spanish Senate

The president of the Senate is the presiding officer of the Spanish Senate, the upper house of Spain's Cortes Generales. It is the fourth authority of the country after the Monarch (Head of State), the Prime Minister (Head of Government) and the President of the Congress of Deputies (Speaker of the Lower House). He or she is elected among and by the incumbent senators and when unable to exercise power, he or she is replaced by the Vice Presidents of the Senate.

Although it shares the representation of the Cortes Generales with the President of the Congress, the constitutional preponderance granted to the latter due to the asymmetry of the Spanish bicameralism, allows the President of the Congress to assume the leadership of the Cortes, leaving the President of the Senate in background.

The current office was established by the 1978 Constitution, however, the position has a tradition of almost 200 years, since its creation in 1834 when it was called President of the House of Peers.

As of the 14th term of the Cortes Generales, the current officeholder is Ander Gil, a member of the Socialist Parliamentary Group representing Burgos.

Taylor J-2 Cub

The Taylor J-2 Cub (later also known as the Piper J-2 Cub) is an American light aircraft that was designed and built by the Taylor Aircraft Company. The company became the Piper Aircraft Company and the J-2 was first of a long line of related Piper Cub designs. Its engine is a Continental A-40-3.


Agusta A.104

The Agusta A.104 Helicar was an Italian prototype light commercial helicopter first flown in December 1960. It's engine is an Agusta GA.140
An example of the A.104 is showed in the "Museo Agusta" which is maintained by the Agusta company and is located just south of Milan Malpensa Airport.

Barcelona (Congress of Deputies constituency)

Barcelona is a constituency of Spain.

Blau-Weiß 1890 Berlin

Sp.Vg. Blau-Weiß 1890 Berlin, mostly referred to as Blau-Weiß 90, was a German association football club based in Mariendorf, a district of Berlin. The club was formed on 27 July 1927 from the merger of "Berliner FC Vorwärts 1890" (November 1890), German championship runner-up of 1921, and "Berliner Thor- und Fussball Club Union 1892" ("BTuFC Union", June 1892), German champions of 1905. Blau-Weiß 90 spent one season in the German first division, the Fußball-Bundesliga.


Alabama (band)

Alabama are an American band that plays country music and Southern rock. In 1980 they had their first number one song on on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs music chart. As late as 2010 they had a song on Billboard's Hot Country Songs.


Photonics

Photonics is the science of and technology using photons, the fundamental particle of light. The word's etymology comes from the Greek word ""phos"", meaning light, and the suffix "-"ics"", meaning 'matters relevant to'. The etymology is similar to that of the field of Electronics, in which electrons are the main physical particle used in the science and technology. 

Photonics technologies respond to the needs of humankind by providing access to information, promoting sustainable development, and increasing societal health and well-being. It has many applications across medicine, communications, entertainment and culture. In recognition of this, UNESCO proclaimed 2015 the International Year of Light and since 2018, 16 May the International Day of Light.

Rotax 912

The Rotax 912 is a piston aircraft engine made in Austria by the company Rotax. In 2014 Rotax made the 50,000 engine and started producing since 1989.



3I Sky Arrow

The 3I Sky Arrow is a high wing aircraft made in the 1990s by 3I. It's powered by a Rotax 912 engine.










Dancing molecule

Dancing molecules are moving molecules used in experimental therapy to reverse paralysis and repair tissue after severe spinal cord injuries. Nanoparticles are injected into a victim's body near the spinal cord. This was done with paralyzed mice. The mice could walk again within four weeks.

The therapy works by sending bioactive signals that stimulate cells to repair and regenerate. Since the receptors in neurons are constantly moving, therapy molecules that also move are used. The therapy works in the following ways:

The research was led by Dr. Samuel I. Stupp at Northwestern University.

"The secret behind Stupp's new breakthrough therapeutic is tuning the motion of molecules, so they can find and properly engage constantly moving cellular receptors. Injected as a liquid, the therapy immediately gels into a complex network of nanofibers that mimic the extracellular matrix of the spinal cord. By matching the matrix's structure, mimicking the motion of biological molecules and incorporating signals for receptors, the synthetic materials are able to communicate with cells." 

Experiments with humans are expected to begin in 2022. 

Dr. Stupp has speculated that the therapy could be applicable to many other areas of nerve problems. 

List of country musicians from North Carolina

This is a list of famous country musicians from North Carolina, USA.



The following other musicians have had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: Luke Combs, Scotty McCreery.

At least one musician got her first and only single, on two American country music charts (14th and 17th place) and Billboard Hot 100 (81st place).

Bands from North Caroline with number one songs on country music charts, include Parmalee.

Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones

Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones is an American science fiction movie produced by Lucasfilm and 20th Century Fox. This is the fifth movie that George Lucas made in the "Star Wars" series. It shows the reasons why Anakin Skywalker eventually became Darth Vader.

Ten years after , Senator Padmé Amidala is nearly killed by an unknown assassin, and Supreme Chancellor Palpatine assigns a young Jedi knight - Anakin Skywalker - to protect her. Anakin and Padmé haven't seen each other for ten years. They travel to Naboo, which is a safe planet. Anakin falls in love with Senator Padmé.

Meanwhile, Obi-Wan Kenobi tracks the assassin, Jango Fett, to a planet called Kamino. Obi-Wan discovers that on Kamino, an army of clone soldiers is being made for the Republic, but nobody knows who commissioned them. He also finds out that Jango Fett's DNA is being used to create the clones.

Anakin begins to have dreams of his mother dying so he travels back to Tatooine with Padmé and finds his mother, who has been tortured by alien savages. Anakin's mother dies, causing Anakin to briefly turn to the Dark Side and kill all of the savages, something a Jedi is forbidden from doing.

Jango Fett tries to escape to a remote desert planet called Geonosis but Obi-Wan follows him. Obi-Wan finds out that Jango Fett is working for Count Dooku, a former Jedi. Dooku is the leader of the Separatists, a group of planets who want to leave the Galactic Republic. Obi-Wan also finds out that Nute Gunray, Poggle the Lesser and several other corrupt businessmen are giving their armies to the Separatists so that they can fight the Republic.

Obi-Wan sends a distress signal to Anakin and Padmé and he is captured. Anakin and Padmé arrive on Geonosis but they are also captured by Jango Fett. The three of them are sentenced to death in an arena, watched by thousands of insect-like aliens called Geonosians. Luckily, Mace Windu and hundreds of Jedi arrive to save them. The Separatists reveal their droid army and they surround the Jedi. 

Suddenly, Yoda arrives with the clone soldiers and they fight the Separatists. Dooku manages to escape Geonosis. Dooku returns to Coruscant, where he meets Chancellor Palpatine, leader of the Republic. Dooku tells Palpatine that their plan is working, implying to the audience that Dooku and Palpatine were the ones who asked the Kaminoans for the clone army so that they could start a war. Anakin and Padmé get married secretly while the Republic and the Jedi prepare their clone troopers prepare to go to war with the Separatists.




3Xtrim 3X55 Trener

The 3Xtrim 3X55 Trener is an ultralight aircraft made in Poland in 1996 and made a total of 60 aircraft. It's designed by Adam Kurbiel and has a Rotax 912 engine.
General characteristics


Tragic Alcove (Amisani)

Tragic Alcove (also known as La Culla Tragica) was painted in oil by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani, in 1910. It is kept in the Pinacoteca do Estado de São Paulo of São Paulo in Brazil from 1913. 

The Alcova Tragica painting represents a female figure with a naked body with sinuous features and a twisted shape. Under the right breast a hand, from which flows a blue-silver veil, he with the bowed head meets the fiery red hair, which covers the eyes of this majestic and fatal creature in the dark fatally. A being, in the presence of this impassive woman, raises his hands in an act of prayer. Under your feet, other men. Former victims, once devoured, and now in agony ready to die. But even if they are torn apart, they come back, as if bewitched, to beg her for a last kiss. And little by little, they partially converge on this amazing backdrop.
It is the pleasure of a sex witch, whose desire is never satisfied, consumes men one by one, enchants them and devours them. Now they are no longer needed, as she has already used the blood that bathes her hair. His lips sucked all their strength, they took their own life. She is a femme fatale: a vampire, a man-eater. Everything about the painting is suggestive because it is not yet known what could initiate this massacre, the motive that makes women hurl women against these men. We only know that she appears, touches them and wreaks havoc.

“In Alcova Tragica – this daring, almost reckless creation of the superhuman figure of mermaid woman, who, amidst the prayers, the curses, the moans, the gasps, it is always reborn, like an enchanted phoenix, pomping over this sacrificial bunches human, to rise more and more beautiful and promising and offer on red lips of an immortal lust, the evil fruit of infinite suffering...” (The Correio Paulistano. Art Registration. Amisani Exhibition. Brasil, 12/09/1913)





Pınar Aylin

Fatma Pınar Aylin (born 12 May 1972, Izmir) is a Turkish singer. She first became known with her song "Deliler Gibi" (Like crazy) in 1995.





Tracy Byrd

Tracy Byrd is an American country singer. In 1993 he had his first number one song on "Billboard"'s Hot Country Songs music chart.

He was born on December 17, 1966 in Vidor, Texas.




List of country musicians from California

This is a list of famous country musicians from California, USA.



The following other musicians have had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: Gary Allan.

The following other musicians have had at least one "top five" song or album on country music charts: Cam, Devin Dawson, Skip Ewing.

Mark Chesnutt

Mark Chesnutt is an American country singer. In 1990 he had his first number one songs on country music charts in the United States (Hot Country Songs) and Candada (RPM (magazine)).

He was born on September 6, 1963 in Beaumont, Texas.



The Abysmal Brute (movie)

The Abysmal Brute is a 1923 American silent sports drama movie directed by Hobart Henley and was based on the 1911 novel of the same name by Jack London. It stars Reginald Denny, Mabel Julienne Scott, Charles K. French, Hayden Stevenson, David Torrence, Buddy Messinger, Crauford Kent, Dorothea Wolbert and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Hallelujah, I'm a Bum (movie)

Hallelujah, I'm a Bum is a 1933 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Al Jolson, Madge Evans, Frank Morgan, Harry Langdon, Chester Conklin, Tyler Brooke, Bert Roach. It was distributed by United Artists.


Hello, Everybody!

Hello, Everybody! is a 1933 American musical movie directed by William A. Seiter and starring Kate Smith, Randolph Scott, Sally Blane, Charley Grapewin, George Barbier, Wade Boteler, Julia Swayne Gordon, Erville Alderson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Paris in Spring

Paris in Spring is a 1935 American romantic comedy movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the play of the same name by Dwight Taylor. It stars Mary Ellis, Tullio Carminati, Ida Lupino, Lynne Overman, Jessie Ralph, Jack Raymond, Dorothea Wolbert, Billy Gilbert, Francis Ford and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Plectrohyla guatemalensis

The Guatemala spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla guatemalensis") is a frog that lives in Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and El Salvador. It lives in pine-oak forests and cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 900 and 2800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 40.0 to 52.1 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 42.1 to 54.1 mm long. The male frog has thicker front legs than the female frog. This frog has dark green skin. Some of them have red spots. It can be tan or gray near the rear end. Its belly is white.

During the day, this frog sits on rocks or plants near streams. The female frog lays eggs at the bottoms of streams or on roots.

There are fewer of these frogs than there used to be because human beings build things where the frog likes to live. Scientists say it is possible that the fungal disease chytridiomycosis also kills this frog.

Batticaloa

Batticaloa (Tamil: மட்டக்களப்பு, "Maṭṭakkaḷappu"; Sinhala: මඩකලපුව, "Madakalapuwa)" is a city of the Eastern province of Sri Lanka. It is the administrative capital of the Batticaloa District. The Eastern University of Sri Lanka is in Batticaloa and it is a major commercial centre. It is on the east coast, 111 kilometres (69 miles) south of Trincomalee. It is on an island. Pasikudah is a popular tourist destination in Batticaloa. It is 35 km (22 miles) northwest with beaches and lagoons. 

'Batticaloa' is a name that comes from the portuguese language. Batticaloa has a nickname - "Land of the singing fish" (Tamil: மீன் பாடும் தேன் நாடு) due to musical sounds that related to fish or aquatic creatures in the Batticaloa Lagoon near the Kallady Bridge. BBC Radio 4 was able to record the mysterious sound in Batticaloa Lagoon. The sound was broadcast by Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation in 1960s with the help of Rev. Fr. Lang, a Catholic priest.

Batticaloa is in the eastern coast of Sri Lanka. It occupies the central part of eastern Sri Lanka. Its average elevation (height from sea level) is around 5 meters. Batticaloa district has three main lagoons - Batticaloa Lagoon, Valaichchenai Lagoon, and Vakari (Panichchankerni) Lagoon. Among these lagoons, Batticaloa Lagoon is the largest lagoon. It is 56 km long and has an area of 162 square kilometres, extending from Pankudaweli in North and Kalmunai in South.

There are several islands within the Batticaloa Lagoon such as Puliayantheevu, Buffaloa Island and Bone Island. Many bridges are built across the lagoon which connect the mainland and the islands. Puliayantheevu is the metropolitan place of the city. The biggest bridge of all is the Lady Manning bridge at Kallady. This bridge is the main access path to the city from the southern places of the district. This bridge is also famous for Singing fishes which were considered as musical sounds heard in the Kallady lagoon on a full moon day. A priest named Father Lang recorded this musical charm and broadcast it in the 1960s over the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Cooperation.

Batticaloa beaches are sandy. Some beaches in Batticaloa are Kallady beach, Pasikudah, and Kalkudah. Pasikudah is a bay protected from the ocean, with a flat and sandy bed extending 150 to 200 meters from the shore.

Batticaloa has a tropical wet and dry climate under the Köppen climate classification, also known as 'dry-monsoonal climate'. Batticaloa's climate is temperate throughout the year. From March to May, the warmest time of the year, the maximum temperature is around 32 degrees Celsius (88 degrees Fahrenheit). During the monsoon season from November to February, heavy rains are recorded, with average temperature of 25 °C. Average annual rainfall in Batticaloa is 1,650.9 mm (65.00 in).

Yat

Yat (Ѣ ѣ) is a letter used in old Slavic languages. Yat was a common Slavic long vowel. There was also kind known as Iotated Yat (Ꙓ ꙓ).

Sönke Günther

Sönke Günther (born 18 June 2001) is a German football goalkeeper.

Günther started his football career at TSV Oberbrüden, later joined FSV Waiblingen and in 2014 moved to the talent center academy of VfB Stuttgart. For the 2016/17 season, he moved to the B2 Juniors (U16) of FC Schalke 04, before moving up to the B1 Juniors for the 2017/18 season, with whom he played under Frank Fahrenhorst in the B-Junioren-Bundesliga. For the 2018/19 season, Günther moved to the A Juniors of SC Freiburg (U19).

In June 2019, Günther signed his first professional contract with third league team Chemnitzer FC with a term until 30 June 2022. Even after the season interruption from March to May due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Chemnitzer FC did not manage to leave the relegation places and the club was relegated to the Regionalliga Nord/Ost.

After only one season with the Saxons, Günther moved on a free transfer to Hamburger SV in October 2020. The season was also interrupted due to rising infection levels caused by the COVID-19 pandemic at the end of October. After a month-long break, the 2020–21 season was ended early.

Günther was first invited to join the German U15 national team by Michael Feichtenbeiner in 2015.


Rhinebeck

Rhinebeck may refer to:


Housefull

Housefull is a 2010 Indian Hindi-language comedy film directed by Sajid Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. The movie is partly adapted from the 1998 Tamil drama "Kaathala Kaathala". The dialogues were done by Anvita Dutt, while Nadiadwala wrote the storyline and Rameshwar S. Bhagat served as the editor. It became the first installment of the "Housefull" franchise.


Nominated

Won

Won

Nominated
The film's soundtrack is composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy. The lyrics are penned by Sameer and Amitabh Bhattacharya. The song ""Aapka Kya Hoga"" was a remake of the song "Apni Toh Jaise Taise" from the 1981 movie "Lawaaris".


Housefull 4

Housefull 4 is a 2019 Indian Hindi-language romantic fantasy comedy film directed by Farhad Samji and produced by Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment and Fox Star Studios. The film is the fourth installment of the "Housefull" franchise. It stars Akshay Kumar, Riteish Deshmukh, Bobby Deol, Kriti Sanon, Pooja Hegde and Kriti Kharbanda in the lead roles.

The film was half directed by Sajid Khan, who had also directed the first two installments, but was replaced by Farhad Samji midway during the shooting, due to "Me Too" allegations. Nadiadwala claimed the film to be the highest-budgeted Indian comedy film. The film was theatrically released in India on 25 October 2019 during the occasion of Diwali to received mixed to negative reviews, who appreciated performances of ensemble cast, and production values, but criticized for screenplay, writing, humor, cliches, and direction, but became a box-office success.

Harry, Max, and Roy are three brothers who live in London. Harry, a barber gets frequent bizarre flashes of a past era. His forgetful nature causes him to misplace a don Michael's bag of 5 million pounds whose henchman demands them to return the money. To fulfill this, Harry, Roy, and Max get engaged to Pooja, Neha, and Kriti, the 3 respective daughters of rich businessman Manraj Thakral. But soon all of the 3 trios fall in love, and their wedding preparations begin.

Soon circumstances cause the wedding to be in Sitamgarh. There, all of them meet Aakhri Pasta, a bellboy at their hotel who recognizes them as reincarnated people from 600 years ago in 1419. Harry realizes his flashes have a connection with Pasta's claims and gets to know the past from him in Madhavgarh.

In 1419, Madhavgarh's Rajkumar Bala was banished by his father Maharaj Parikshitap for trying to kill him to become king. His servant Pehla Pasta took him to Sitamgarh (then a kingdom) whose king Surya Singh Rana wanted grooms for his daughters. Bala planned to marry the eldest Madhu to become Maharaj and meets Bangdu, an effeminate dance teacher who's dating the second daughter Mala. Meena, the youngest loves her brave bodyguard Dharamputra. Bala helps them to be together and also they get him and Madhu united. The plan works as Surya announces their weddings, but his nephew Suryabhan who wants the throne kills Sitamgarh's enemy clan leader and frames the couples for it. The leader's brother Gama fights for revenge. Bala realizes he truly loves Madhu. The wedding mandap collapses and kills the couples and Gama.
Back in present, Harry realizes the grooms are set to marry the wrong brides. Pasta helps Harry remind Roy and Max of their previous lives. Pappu Rangeela, a qawwali singer and Gama's reincarnation, enters but has no recollection of his past. Pasta finds a painting of their past lives' wedding day, which shows Madhu-Bala, Mala-Bangdu, and Meena-Dharamputra to make the girls remember their past. Before they can show the painting to the girls, it is caught by Pappu, who remembers his life as Gama and crashes the wedding, leading Pooja and Neha to remember everything. Michael, in fact, Suryabhan's reincarnation, shows up at the wedding for his money and shoots Gama.

Kriti remembers everything when she sees Michael and also reveals the mandap hadn't collapsed - Suryabhan broke it down to kill everyone so he could be the Maharaj. Michael recounts his past and boasts about how he killed Gama's brother. Pappu hears this and pushes Michael into the collapsing mandap, thus bringing his revenge. The film ends on a happy note as Harry, Kriti, Roy, Pooja, and Max and Neha get married, thus completing their 600-year-old love story.


Riverdance: The Animated Adventure

Riverdance: The Animated Adventure is a 2021 computer-animated movie.

An Irish boy named Keegan (Sam Hardy) has a death in the family. His friend Moya (Hannah Herman Cortes) takes him to a magical world and teaches him about the Riverdance. Then Keegan saves the magical world from a pirate.

Kevin Courtney of "The Irish Times" said the actors spoke with good Irish accents. But he worried that the movie only shows Irish people living in perfect villages and dancing all the time. He said the movie is sometimes like a Fáilte Ireland tourism advertisement.

Dierdre Molumby of "Entertainment" said this movie is "exhaustingly bad".


List of country musicians from Georgia (U.S. state)

This is a list of famous country musicians from Georgia, USA


The following other musicians have had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: Billy Currington, Cole Swindell.

Tall tale

Tall tales are stories with elements that make no sense that are told as if they were true. Some tall tales are exaggerations of true events, however. Others can be made up entirely, and set in a setting that makes sense to the reader.
The event is, many times, told in such a way that makes the person telling the story seem to be a part of it. The tone of the story is generally friendly.

Tall tales are seen many times in American folklore. Johnny Appleseed is a tall tale, with a man who travels the American West planting apple trees. There are many more American tall tales of a similar nature, involving real people being exaggerated. However, there are also some made up tall tales, such as the story of Pecos Bill, a story about a made up person that could not possibly be true, even if the exaggeration was taken away. There is also a tall tale about Aylatt C. Buckner, a Native American fighter in colonial Texas.
The Australian frontier also has similar stories to American West tall tales, such as stories about Rod Ansell or Big Bill.

A Man from Wyoming

A Man from Wyoming is a 1930 American World War I romance movie directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Gary Cooper, June Collyer, Morgan Farley, Regis Toomey, Edgar Dearing, Emile Chautard. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins

Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins is a 2000 American direct-to-video movie and is a spin-off of the "Toy Story" movies. It was directed by Tad Stones and starring Tim Allen, Wayne Knight, Stephen Furst, Nicole Sullivan, Patrick Warburton, Sean Hayes, Jim Hanks, Kevin Michael Richardson, Diedrich Bader, Frank Welker, Courteney Cox. It was distributed by the Walt Disney company.

Buzz Lightyear and his friend Warp Darkmatter are sent to rescue extraterrestrial life forms called LGMs (Little Green Men) from the evil emperor Zurg after Zurg kidnapped them and tortured them to figure out how their telepathy worked. Then Zurg kills Warp and Buzz blames himself for not being able to stop Zurg so he starts to feel guilty about that and says that from now on he will always work alone. But Buzz’s boss Commander Nebula wants him to work with others. When Buzz refuses to have an alien princess named Mira as his partner, the LGMs build a robot named X-R to be his new partner. Then a supervillain named Agent Z attacks the LGM planet and destroys X-R. And Agent Z’s boss Zurg steals a machine called The Unimind which gives the LGMs their hive mind.

Without the Unimind, the LGMs are stupid so when they rebuild X-R, he’s a terrible Space Ranger so Buzz tells the janitor Booster to train X-R as a janitor. When Mira says they should send a small mission against Zurg and Buzz agrees Commander Nebula says no. 

X-R and Booster start gambling instead of cleaning and hide in a spaceship so that Buzz doesn’t know. When Mira steals a spaceship to take on Zurg herself, Buzz takes the ship Booster and X-R are hiding in and manages to capture Mira. Then Zurg turns the Unimind into a mind control weapon and enslaves the entire universe except Buzz, Mira, Booster and X-R. Buzz decides to fight Zurg alone instead of taking the others with him since it’s too dangerous but loses to Agent Z who turns out to be Warp Darkmatter who was working for Zurg for his money all along. So Buzz calls Mira, Booster and X-R so they can help him beat Zurg and Warp and they win because “evil never wins” while Zurg runs away. Then Buzz fixes the Unimind and frees anyone he controls.

Commander Nebula tells Buzz he can choose whatever team he wants to find, fight and capture Zurg but Buzz says he already has a team. Mira asks Buzz where they’re going and he tells her “to infinity and beyond”.


Additionally, here is the cast of the characters featured in the opening sequence of the movie:


List of country musicians from Illinois

This is a list of famous country musicians from Illinois, USA.



The following other musicians had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: David Lee Murphy.

Lyndhurst, New Jersey

Lyndhurst is a township in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, the township's population was 22,519.

List of country musicians from Alabama

This is a list of famous country musicians that are from Alabama, USA.



In 1927 Jimmie Rodgers and other musicians made recordings in Tennessee; Those recording sessions (the Bristol Sessions) are sometimes called the "birthplace of country music".

Some country musicians moved to Alabama (but did not grow up there), including 


The Trouble with Harry

The Trouble with Harry is a 1955 American black comedy movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock and was based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Jack Trevor Story. It starring Shirley MacLaine (in her movie debut), John Forsythe, Edmund Gwenn, Mildred Natwick, Mildred Dunnock, Jerry Mathers, Parker Fennelly and was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was a box office failure.


List of country musicians from Arizona

This is a list of famous country musicians from Arizona, USA.



The following other musicians had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: Dierks Bentley.

Luka Reischl

Luka Reischl (born 10 February 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for 2. Liga club Liefering. He also plays for FC Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League.

He started his career in the youth teams of UFC Altenmarkt, UFC Radstadt and SK Bischofshofen. Then he went on to Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played for the U15, U16 and U18 team. In 2020 he went to FC Liefering. His professional debut for Austrian Second League side Liefering was on 25 September 2020 against Wacker Innsbruck. He came in as a 89th minute for Maurits Kjaergaard. He scored his first professional goal on 20 November 2020 against Kapfenberger SV. 

In January 2022 he signed with FC Red Bull Salzburg until 2026.

Life Is Sweet (movie)

Life Is Sweet is a 1990 British comedy-drama movie directed by Mike Leigh and starring Alison Steadman, Jim Broadbent, Jane Horrocks, Claire Skinner, Timothy Spall, Stephen Rea, Glyn Owen, David Thewlis, Moya Brady. It was distributed by Palace Pictures.


Summary execution

A summary execution is when a person is accused of a crime, and killed immediately, without a full and fair trial. Very often, summary executions happen in wartime. Under international law, a person is able to surrender. People who have surrendered may not be killed using summary execution. Killing a person who has surrendered is also seen as summary execution, and usually treated like murder and a war crime.

In nearly all civilian jurisdictions, summary execution is illegal, as it violates the right of the accused to a fair trial. Almost all constitutions or legal systems based on common law have prohibited execution without the decision and sentence of a competent judge, and the UN's International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) has declared the same:

In practice, though, extrajudicial killings have been performed by police and domestic forces in various countries and times, sometimes under martial law. It is also performed by armed bands fighting against governments and common citizens.


Plectrohyla glandulosa

The forest spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla glandulosa") is a frog that lives in Guatemala. It lives in forests with pine and cypress trees. Scientists have found the frog living between above sea level.

PFA Players' Player of the Year

The PFA Players' Player of the Year is an annual award that is decided by the votes of the other players.

The award was first given out in 1974, to Norman Hunter of Leeds. The most recent winner is Kevin De Bruyne of Manchester City.

Docker

Docker can refer to different concepts:


Rowlf the Dog

Rowlf the Dog is a puppet dog. He is one of the Muppets created by Jim Henson. He has been in many of the Muppet television shows and movies. For example, Rowlf was is in "The Muppet Show" (1976-81), "The Muppet Movie", "The Muppets Take Manhattan" (1984), "Muppet Treasure Island" (1996), "The Muppets" (2011), "Muppets Most Wanted" (2014) and both the old and new versions of the "Muppet Babies" television show.

Rowlf plays piano very well.

Ek Villain

Ek Villain: There's One in Every Love Story (also known as simply just Ek Villain) is a 2014 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed by Mohit Suri and produced by Shobha Kapoor and Ekta Kapoor under Balaji Motion Pictures. Based on a script written by Tushar Hiranandani and Milap Milan Zaveri, it stars Riteish Deshmukh, Sidharth Malhotra, Shraddha Kapoor, Kamaal Rashid Khan, and Aamna Sharif. The film tells about a ruthless criminal who is going on a killing spree, when his terminally ill wife is murdered by a sadistic serial killer.

This marked the first time Deshmukh portraying a negative role. It was released worldwide on 27 June 2014 and received positive reviews from critics, garnering praise for the theme, direction, screenplay and performances. Made on a budget of million, the film became a major box-office success with earnings of over billion domestically and a worldwide gross of billion. The song "Galliyan", "Zaroorat", "Hamdard" declared chartbusters of its realised.

Malhotra and Deshmukh later reunited for the 2019 masala actioner "Marjaavaan", in which Deshmukh's entry as the antagonist was accompanied by him singing the award-winning song "Galliyan" from the "Ek Villain" soundtrack. A sequel, "Ek Villain Returns", starring Arjun Kapoor and John Abraham as replacements in the male leads, along with Disha Patani and Tara Sutaria as the female leads was released on July 8, 2022.

A young woman Aisha Verma, tries to leave behind a message for her husband, Guru Divekar, who calls her, but the call is disrupted when a masked man enters Aisha's house and kills her by throwing her off the window. At her funeral, CBI officer Aditya Rathore points out that it is vital to track down the murderer or else Guru will go on a killing spree. 

Flashback: Guru was a ruthless hitman working for mob boss Caeser, who raised and trained him so that Guru could have a chance to murder the goons who killed his parents. Guru is arrested for killing Debu, but is bailed, as Debu's mother refuses to testify against him. She warns Guru that she did not testify because one day, God will make him pay for his crimes, and he will also lose a loved one. 

Guru meets and falls for Aisha, an optimistic girl dying from a terminal illness. They get married and Guru leaves behind his old life and gets a job while Aisha receives treatment in Mumbai and recovers. She discovers she is pregnant and decides to tell Guru in person when he returns from his interview, but is murdered before she can. 

Present: Rakesh Mahadkar is an unsuccessful man who is constantly insulted and ridiculed by his wife Sulochana for his shortcomings, yet he loves her. He vents out his frustration by murdering other women who speak rudely to him, and Aisha turns out to be one of them. Guru hunts down Rakesh and brutally beats him, then admits him to a hospital and pays for the expenses, intending to punish him by repeatedly bringing him to the brink of death, saving him, then doing it over again. 

At the hospital, Guru learns that Aisha was pregnant, which breaks him even more. While assaulting a nurse, Rakesh is again intercepted by Guru, who kills him, then revives him with an injection. The police discovers Rakesh's murders and takes Sulochana in for questioning. Rakesh realizes that Guru is Aisha's husband and is seeking vengeance. Upon the suggestion of his friend Brijesh, He taunts Guru over the phone before killing Aisha's father. 

Rakesh expects Guru to kill him so that he can die as a "Hero" in the eyes of Sulochana and everyone else while Guru will be tarnished. However, Caesar calls Guru and says that he has killed Sulochana to avenge Aisha for Guru, and left Rakesh's little son Manish for Guru to kill. 

Enraged, Rakesh fiercely fights Guru and tackles him off the building. He defeats Guru in the battle, stabs him with a screw driver and takes up a boulder to kill him, but a car hits him and Rakesh putatively dies from his injuries. Guru adopts Manish instead of killing him and completes the remaining wishes on Aisha's bucket list.


Late Latin

Late Latin is a form of Latin that was written between Classical Latin and Medieval Latin. Scholars do not agree on the exact dates, but it was used from about the 3rd century to the 6th or 7th century CE. There are no exact dates for when Late Latin replaced Classical Latin or when it was replaced by Medieval Latin.

Late Latin is a written language, which is also different from Vulgar Latin, which was a spoken language. Late Latin was used and taught by the Church Fathers, who also used it for their theological writings.

Cultural determinism

Cultural determinism is an idea from sociology (the study of how humans act in groups) and anthropology (the study of humans).

Cultural determinism is the thought that how people think and act is greatly shaped by the culture they grow up in. A culture is the common history and ways of life within a group of people.

Cultural determinism is on a spectrum – it is possible to agree with cultural determination a lot, a little, or not at all. If someone is "strongly" culturally deterministic, they believe that a person is mainly controlled by their culture. If someone is "weakly" culturally deterministic, they believe that a person is barely controlled by their culture. Many cultural anthropologists use theories that have varying levels of cultural determinism within them. 

An idea related to cultural determinism is . Biological determinism is an idea that the way humans think and act is controlled by their bodies. A common saying is "Nature vs. Nurture." Cultural determinism would be the "Nurture," and biological determinism would be the "Nature." However, anthropologists believe that both culture and biology control the way humans think and act.

Franz Boas (1858 – 1942) was a German-American anthropologist. He is considered the "Father of American Anthropology." He is also considered a founder of both cultural determinism and cultural relativism - the idea that anthropologists should study all cultures equally. His work, "The Mind of Primitive Man" used cultural determinism and cultural relativism to argue against eugenics.

Margaret Mead (1901 – 1978) was an American who taught at Columbia University. She was educated under Franz Boas and Ruth Benedict. Mead’s book, "", is an example of cultural determinism. 

Clifford Geertz (1926 – 2006) was an American symbolic anthropologist who taught at the University of Chicago. Geertz was influenced by sociologist Talcott Parsons. His book, "The Interpretation of Cultures" (1973), looks at cultural determinism.



UEFA Youth League

The UEFA Youth League is a club football competition. It is organized by Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) since 2013. In the competition the youth teams of the clubs in the UEFA Champions League group stage and the youth champions of the best-ranked national associations are playing.

The semi-finals and final matches are played at the Colovray Stadium in Nyon, Switzerland. The winners takes the Lennart Johansson Trophy, named after the former UEFA president.

The 2020–21 season was stopped due to COVID 19 pandemic in Europe.

Boudoir (Amisani)

Boudoir (also known as La Toeletta) is a 20th-century painting. It measures 18x24 centimeters, in oils. It is by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani, done in 1918. It is in the collection of Museum Galleria d'Arte Moderna of Milan (inventory number 1958).

The work shows a lady from behind, looking in the mirror of her boudoir. The method is: "gelatina bromuro d'argento/carta", so it is not a traditional painting, but a bromide print.


Mopti bus massacre

A massacre occurred on December 3, 2021, in Mopti Region in central Mali. A group of unknown insurgents shot at a bus and set it on fire, killing 31 civilians. Most of the victims were women travelling from the town of Songo-Doubacore to a market in the town of Bandiagara.

The mayor of the closest town, Bankass, said that the gunmen shot the tires on the bus before going on to shoot the civilians to death. After the crime scene was visited by state security officers, they found 25 burnt bodies in the vehicle's trunk.

The massacre happened on the same day that Islamist rebels attacked a group in the region, killing two UN peacekeepers. The attacks were part of a bigger campaign by jihadists in West Africa.

Mali's president, Assimi Goïta, ordered all people in Mali to fly the country's flags at half-mast from Sunday to Tuesday, during which Mali would hold three national days of mourning.

No quarter

In an armed conflict, the loser has the possibility to surrender to the winner (or to give up). This usually means that the person will be made a prisoner of war, and that there will be a trial, to determine whether the person is guilty of one of the crimes of war. There's also the promise, that the person who surrenders will be left alive. Certain parts of the military were known for not allowing ennemy fighters to surrender; this was known as no quarter. The Hague Convention of 1899 made this practice illegal, and a war crime. Since then, the practice has become part of customary international law. This means it is also binding for parties who did not sign the Hague Convention.

Dwight Yoakam

Dwight Yoakam is an American singer and songwriter. In 1986
he had his first number one song on a Canadian country music chart. In 1988 he had first number one song on Hot Country Songs.

He was born on October 23, 1956 in Pikeville, Kentucky.





Lady with black hat (Amisani)

Lady with black hat (also known as Signora con cappello nero) is a 19th-century painted, in oil by the italian noble painter Giuseppe Amisani, made in 1913 his part of the official collection of Metropolitan City of Milan.

Small oil painting by Giuseppe Amisani, depicting a half-length woman, with the profile facing left: she is wearing a large black hat and a black dress with a white shirt.



I Walk Alone

I Walk Alone is a 1947 American crime drama movie directed by Byron Haskin and was based on the play "Beggars Are Coming to Town" by Theodore Reeves. It stars Burt Lancaster, Lizabeth Scott, Wendell Corey, Kirk Douglas, Marc Lawrence, Kristie Miller and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


2002 UEFA European Under-19 Championship

The 2002 UEFA European Under-19 Championship was the first tournament of the UEFA European Under-19 Championship, after the previous Under-18 competition was changed. The tournament was held in Norway, between 21 July and 28 July 2002. The top three teams from each group qualified for the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship. Players born on or after 1 January 1983 were available to participate in this competition.

The final tournament took place in seven venues located in seven cities — Bærum, Drammen, Hønefoss, Kongsvinger, Lillestrøm, Moss and Oslo. The winners were Spain, who beat Germany to secure their fourth title, and the top scorer was Fernando Torres, with four goals. This edition is also notable for Nelly Viennot becoming the first female official who took part in an UEFA-organised men's football event, after acting as assistant referee at Norway's 1–5 defeat of Slovakia on 21 July 2002.

The qualification format consisted of two rounds. In the preliminary round, which took place between August and November 2001, 50 national teams were drawn into 14 groups (six groups of three teams and eight groups of four teams) contested as round-robin mini-tournaments hosted by one of the group teams. The group winners then progressed to the intermediary round, where they were paired and played two-legged ties between March and May 2002. The winners secured qualification for the final tournament, joining Norway who qualified automatically as hosts.

The following eight teams qualified to the final tournament:

The final tournament was held in seven stadiums located in seven Norwegian cities.

UEFA named six referees for the final tournament:








The six best performing teams qualified for the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship:


Nima Rahizadeh

Nima Rahizadeh (born 28 August 2001) is an Iranian basketball player.


Don't Make Waves

Don't Make Waves is a 1967 American romantic comedy movie directed by Alexander Mackendrick and was based on the 1959 novel "Muscle Beach" by Ira Wallach. It stars Tony Curtis, Sharon Tate, Robert Webber, Joanna Barnes, David Draper, Claudia Cardinale, Sarah Selby, Julie Payne, Chester Yorton and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Miranda (1948 movie)

Miranda is a 1948 British romantic fantasy comedy movie directed by Ken Annakin and was based on the play of the same name by Peter Blackmore. It stars Glynis Johns, Griffith Jones, John McCallum, Googie Withers, Margaret Rutherford, David Tomlinson, Yvonne Owen, Maurice Denham, Zena Marshall and was followed up in 1954 by "Mad About Men".


2022 FIFA World Cup broadcasters

2022 FIFA World Cup is a football tournament that is going to take place in November and December 2022. The tournament will be broadcast all over the world. FIFA, sold the broadcasting rights for the 2022 FIFA World Cup.

Ronnie Dunn

Ronald Gene Dunn (born June 1, 1953) is an American musician. He was born in Coleman, Texas. He is a member of the duo Brooks & Dunn. In 2011 he had a "top 10" song on Hot Country Songs music chart.


Don, Nord

Don is a commune in the Nord department in north France. In 2018, 1,312 people lived in the commune.


Daouda Guindo

Daouda Guindo (born 14 October 2002) is a Malian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Red Bull Salzburg.

Guindo started his career with Guidars FC in Mali. In January 2021 Guindo signed with Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg together with his clubmates Nene Dorgeles and Mamady Diambou. He was loaned to Salzburg's feeder club FC Liefering. He made his debut on 12 February 2021 versus Austria Lustenau. He also played for FC Red Bull Salzburg. His first match in was on 25th September 2021 when he came in in min. 92 for Andreas Ulmer versus Wolfsberger AC. 

In July 2022 he was loaned to FC St. Gallen in the Swiss Super League.


Jonas Krumrey

Jonas Krumrey (born 25 November 2003) is a German professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for 2. Liga club Liefering.

His career began with TSV 1860 Rosenheim and FC Bayern München. In 2017 he went on to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. Then he became 3rd goalkeeper of FC Liefering behind Daniel Antosch and Adam Stejskal. In the 2021-22 season he is the 2nd goalkeeper of Liefering. 

His debut for FC Liefering was on August 13, 2021. He played versus SKU Amstettenas part of the Starting XI.

Lukas Ibertsberger

Lukas Ibertsberger (born 6 August 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a right-back for Bundesliga club Wolfsberger AC on loan from FC Red Bull Salzburg. 
Ibertsberger began his career at SV Seekirchen. In February 2014 he moved to FC Liefering youth team.2015/16 season he moved on to the youth team of the FC Red Bull Salzburg. There he went through all age groups of the academy 
. In January 2021 he was promoted to FC Liefering. He debuted in the 2nd division in September 2021. He came in for Benjamin Böckle in the 64th minute against FC Dornbirn. In April 2023 he was in the Salzburg squad for the first time against SK Sturm Graz. For the 2023/24 season he went to Wolfsberger AC on loan.

Ibertsberger played for an Austrian under-16 national team for the first time in September 2018. In September 2019 he made two matches in the U-17 team in an international doubles match against Switzerland. In June 2021b he played against Italy bfor the U-18 team.He made his U-21 debut against Turkey in November 2022.
He is the son of Robert Ibertsberger and nephew of Andreas Ibertsberger. Both were playing for the Austrian national football team.

Benjamin Atiabou

Benjamin Atiabou (born 19 January 2004) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a right-back for 2. Liga club Liefering, on loan from Red Bull Salzburg. 
He also plays for FC Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League.
He started his career with the youth teams of SAK 1914, FC Liefering and FC Red Bull Salzburg. In 2018 he came to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy, where he played in all three youth-ranks. 2021 he went on to FC Liefering.

Shiva Baby

Shiva Baby is an American movie made by Emma Seligman. The main character Danielle is played by Rachel Sennott. It was shown at film festivals in 2020, and in movie theaters in 2021. It was delayed because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Molly Gordon plays Maya, Danny Deferrari plays Max, Polly Draper plays Danielle's mom Debbie, Fred Melamed plays Danielle's dad Joel, and Dianna Agron plays Max's wife Kim.

Danielle has sex with Max in exchange for money, then goes to a Jewish funeral observance with her parents, Joel and Debbie. Debbie tells her to behave inside. Neighbors who are also at the funeral compare Danielle to Maya, who was Danielle's girlfriend in high school, and who is going to law school. Max also knows Danielle's parents and goes to the funeral. Debbie tells Danielle that Max is married, shocking her.

Kim, who is Max's wife, also arrives. She has brought their baby. Danielle has to go to the bathroom to change after accidentally ripping her tights. In the bathroom mirror she takes a topless photo to send to Max, but she leaves her phone in the bathroom. She tries to avoid Max and his family, helping out around the house. Maya tries to go with her and notices Danielle staring at Max, but Maya thinks Danielle is staring at Kim, and asks her about it. Danielle doesn't want to say Kim is pretty and successful.

Danielle then talks to Kim, who tries to give Danielle a job, but Danielle is rude to Kim. Danielle's parents then talk to Kim, revealing to Danielle that Kim makes the money in their family and gives Max the money to pay Danielle without knowing about it. Kim sees Danielle wearing the same bracelet that Max gave to her, and suspects something is out of place. Max then spills coffee on Danielle while trying to hide the topless photos from Kim, and Danielle goes to clean up with Debbie, who comforts her. Maya and Danielle then go to the kitchen, because Maya wants to talk about their relationship, but Max interrupts. Maya loudly talks about their relationship. Danielle follows Max to the bathroom and tries to give him a blowjob, but he leaves. Danielle goes outside, and argues with Maya before they kiss.

Maya then finds Danielle's phone in the bathroom, and sees messages about having sex with people, which upsets her. Maya tells Danielle she has seen the phone but won't tell her where. Danielle sees Kim again, talking with her parents and other people. Danielle hints to Kim that Max is cheating, and Kim asks Danielle if she is dating anyone. Joel gets the people around Danielle to sing an old lullaby to her to comfort her about being single. Danielle is stressed out and imagines Kim singing along.

Danielle and Max decide to stop having sex, and Kim walks in to tell Max they need to go home. Danielle also wants to go home and tries to find her parents. Kim goes to find Danielle to give her back her phone. Kim asks Danielle to hold her baby so she can feed her, but Danielle doesn't want to. Max starts arguing with Kim about the baby, accidentally pushing Danielle into a vase. Danielle starts crying on the floor, and Debbie gets everyone to leave. They all get in Joel's van even though there isn't much room, and Maya and Danielle hold hands and smile.

"Source":

Sukhoi Su-2

The Sukhoi Su-2 was a Soviet reconnaissance and light bomber aircraft used in the early stages of World War II.In 1936 Joseph Stalin wanted a multipurpose combat aircraft. Codenamed Ivanov, it had to be capable of performing reconnaissance and then attacking the targets it found. 

Pavel Sukhoi was designed aircraft under the tutelage of Andrei Tupolev. The resulting ANT-51 flew on 25 August 1937. It reached 403 km/h (220 kn, 250 mph) at 4,700 m (15,420 ft). This was considered insufficient but it was decided to re-test it with a more powerful engine. and was accepted into production as BB-1. In 1940, the aircraft engine was replaced and was renamed Su-2 .Although 910 Su-2s were built by the time production stopped in 1942, the aircraft was obsolete and underarmed by the start of the Great Patriotic War. However, due to a critical shortage of aircraft in early World War II, some Su-2s were used as emergency fighters.

Watertown Airport

Watertown Airport may refer to:


Kid Krrish

Kid Krrish is an Indian animated television film series produced by Toonz Animation, Film Kraft Productions, and Turner International India. The first film of the series, "Kid Krrish", was released on 2 October 2013 and it is also a part of the Kid Krrish film series, which itself is part of the "Krrish" franchise, with its three sequels: "Kid Krrish: Mission Bhutan", "Kid Krrish: Mystery in Mongolia" and "".

"Kid Krrish" was planned as the first movie in the four part series of "Kid Krrish" films as a part of "Krrish" franchise.


"Kid Krrish" got mostly good reviews.

The "Financial Express" gave "Kid Krrish" as an example of how children's television in India is getting better. They said "Kid Krrish" was the first big time that children's TV makers in India moved away from mythology and told stories like Bollywood instead.

Repression (Bardi)

Repression (also known as Repressione) was painted in oil (115x141 centimetres) by the italian painter Mario Bardi, created in 1966, it has been part of the permanent collection of the Museo del Novecento in Milan since 1966.

The painting by Mario Bardi, belonging to the artistic movement of Magic realism, it is a work of social denunciation of the human condition. The work analyzes the exploitation of man, through iconography Bardi configures the protagonists who dominate society and the world, a feudal, pre-Enlightenment world, derided by laws and customs that are ironic when not ferocious of "repression". Which still survives in a predatory way hiding behind the tempting masks of hypocrisy. Mario Bardi's message rings alive and legitimate, innervating his painting.




Plectrohyla matudai

Matuda's spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla matudai") is a frog that lives in Mexico, Guatemala, and Honduras. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests in Mexico between 700 and 2300 meters above sea level, in pine-oak forests in Guatemala, and in pine-oak forests in Honduras at 1370 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 31.5 to 46.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 36.0 to 49.0 cm long. Frogs that live in the west are larger than frogs that live in the east. For a frog, this animal has short back legs. This frog is light brown in color with dark brown or black spots. Most of these frogs have dark stripes under their eyes and above their mouths.

Tadpoles live in streams where the water moves fast. They grab onto large rocks.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, but it is still in some danger. This is because human beings change the places it lives into farms or towns. Human beings also cut down the forests for lumber. The fungal disease chytridiomycosis can also make this frog sick. However, adult "P. madudai" frogs do not die from chytrid disease as much as other frogs do.

This frog is named after Dr. Eizi Matuda. He was born in Japan in 1894. He moved to Mexico in 1922 and became head of botany at Mexico's National Institute of Forestry.

A2 CZ Ellipse Spirit

The A2 CZ Ellipse Spirit is an ultralight aircraft made by A2 CZ in the Czech Republic. It was introduced at the 2011 air show and is still in production.

It's engine is a Rotax 912.

Antarctic University (Garau)

Antarctic University (also known as Università Antartica ) is a paintin in oil (115x141 centimetres) by the italian painter Salvatore Garau, created in 2003, it has been part of the collection of the Museo del Novecento in Milan on public loan from the MAN Museum (Art Museum of the province of Nuoro).



Episode (Bardi)

Episode (also known as Episodio) was painted in oil (120x140 centimetres) by the italian painter Mario Bardi, created in 1966, it has been part of the permanent collection of the Museo civico di Castelbuono (Palermo) in the department of the Modern and Contemporary Art Gallery.

The painting by Mario Bardi, belonging to the artistic movement of Realism, the painting the "Episode" represents the battle between Garibaldi and Bourbon, during the famous Battle of the Volturnus 0f 1860, considered one of the most important battles of the "Italian Risorgimento" for the Italian unification.

"Bardi represents the battle with a warm color and excited forms to give drama to the characters, pushed to the limit of their verisimilitude to become an emblem of the spirit of struggle and rebellion of Sicily".




Sicilian landscape (Bardi)

Sicilian landscape (also known as Paesaggio Siciliano) was painted in oil (50x70 centimetres) by the italian painter Mario Bardi, created in 1970, it has been part of the permanent collection of the Museo civico di Bagheria (Palermo).

In the painting "Sicilian landscape" by Mario Bardi, belonging to the artistic movement of Magic Realism, as in many of his landscapes from this period, "color hints at perspectives and depth, revealing the anguish of a Sicily tormented by events and calamities.".

Bardi is in the representation of Baroque Sicily, of its domes overloaded with decorations and yet so light as to be able to hover in the air, of the goose-breasted balconies or the palaces of the historic center that the memory of Bardi becomes more intense, surreal and almost hypnotic . The scarlet red skies attract the eye that never tires of discovering on small canvases overlaps of baroque architecture, spirals and twisted columns, sharp geometric surfaces or sweet curves, hatched with the skilful hand of the engineer-artist.




The dockers (Bardi)

The dockers (also known as I Portuali) is an oil painting by the Italian painter Mario Bardi. It is . It was created in 1963. It is part of the permanent collection of the Contemporary Civic Gallery of Suzzara (Mantova).

The work "I Portuali" won the Suzzara Prize in 1963.

The painting by Mario Bardi, belonging to the artistic movement of Existential realism, the painting the "The Dockers" represents "the two figures are motionless; even one of them has part of the head that remains outside the painting to underline its depersonalization. The port that instead has the face totally represented presents isiognomic features outlined with rapid but intense brushstrokes that emphasize the sharp profile and the gaze lost in the void. The composition is divided into squared and clear masses mindful of constructivism; as are the chromatic tones used which remain as regards the two characters close to the light tones of white and pink; while I push the setting into an indistinct atmosphere with dark tones. The brushstroke is generally large with a homogeneous color; the artist creates the chiaroscuro transitions through different overlapping layers of color.".




Suzzara Prize

The Suzzara prize is an artistic competition that was held in the city of Suzzara in Mantova province from 1948 to 1976 and again starting since 1989.

It was commissioned by the mayor of Suzzara, Tebe Mignoni. It was born thanks to Dino Villani, with the contribution of Cesare Zavattini and the support of Stefano Cairola; it was inaugurated on 22 August 1948. Villani and Zavattini thought of the competition as a symbolic exchange between cultural work and peasant work: the winning artists received products of the earth and in exchange they gave their works to the municipal collection. The intent of the promoters of the award was to encourage the encounter between the people and the artists, the latter often perceived as unattainable and unrelated to the daily feeling of ordinary people. Consequently, the jury, alongside authoritative figures (such as Orio Vergani, Alfonso Gatto, Raffaele Carrieri and Raffaele De Grada "junior "), provided for the presence of a worker, an employee and a farmer.

The prize was attended by artists such as Carlo Carrà, Mario Bardi (winner in 1963), Emilio Vedova, Enrico Baj, Renato Guttuso, Domenico Cantatore, Renato Birolli, Pio Semeghini, Arturo Tosi, Ottone Rosai, Bruno Rovesti, Aligi Sassu , Ernesto Treccani, Silvano Girardello, Angelo Ferreri. When the season of neorealism was over, the prize was interrupted. Only in the year 1989 the Suzzara prize was re-proposed with its XXIX edition.

Over time, the municipality of Suzzara acquired a considerable artistic heritage, in particular of realist art and neorealist: in 1974 to exhibit the collection the municipality he created the "Civic Gallery of Contemporary Art", later renamed Galleria del Premio Suzzara.



East Thrace

East Thrace is the European part of Turkey and belongs to the Balkans Peninsula. Edirne and the European side of Istanbul are the main cities of the region, which borders Bulgaria and Greece. The Bosporus Strait divided it into Europan and Asian parts. Mahya Dağı, the highest peak of the Strandzha Massif; Gallipoli; the Dardanelles; the Sea of Marmara are the most well-known places in East Thrace, which connects to the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea. Most inhabitants are Romanlar (Turkish Gypsiess) and the Turkish people, like the Amuca tribe, Gajal and Peoples of Balkan in Turkey, like Pomak, the Patriyotlar. Also, a major diaspora of Crimean Tatars lives here. Oil wrestling is the main sport.

Métamorphose (Bardi)

Métamorphose (also known as Metamorfosi. Deformazione meccanica di un fiore) was painted in oil (80x100 centimetres) by the italian painter Mario Bardi, created in 1988, it has been part of the permanent collection of the Museo MAGA in Gallarate.

In the painting by Mario Bardi, belonging to the artistic movement of Magic Realism "in the foreground at the top there is a large rose seen from the front and rendered metallic by an unnatural gray color. Below a mechanical instrument is pointed towards the observer. Color is tonal; cold (gray); nuanced. The drafting is sotiile; smooth."



Yana Tyshchenko

Yana Tyshchenko (Russian: Яна Тыщенко born 1 August 2000) is a Russian professional bicycle road racer. She is a specialist in track events.

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Champions League, 2021 UCI Track Cycling Nations’ Cup, and 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Eukene Larrarte

Eukene Larrarte Arteaga (born September 13, 1998 in Tolosa, Spain) is a Spanish professional bicycle road racer.

She initially played football, but then decided to compete in cycling and joined the local team "Gipuzkoa Ogi Berri." 

In 2016, Larrarte won her first Spanish championship title, when she won the team pursuit together with Ane Iriarte, Ziortza Isasi and Irene Usabiaga. In 2017 she became champion in team cycling (with Leire Olaberria),in 2018 and 2019 with Tania Calvo. In addition, she became 2019 Spanish champion in the Omnium. At the 2020 European Track Championships, she finished fourth, with Iriarte, Isasi, Usabiaga.

At the 2021 UCI Track Cycling Nations' Cup, she achieved her first international success when she finished third in the elimination race.

Sien Diels

Sien Diels (1 August 1947- 17 October 2021) was a Flemish actress, best known for her 36 years of collaboration on the Dutch children's programme Sesame Street.

Diels graduated from the Royal Conservatory of Brussels. She started her career at the Mechels Miniatuur Teater. Later she was active as a freelance actress, including with the Theater Malpertuis company. In addition, she became a teacher at the Academy of Ninove and then at the Conservatory of Mechelen, until her retirement in 2010. 

In 1975 she made the switch to television and worked on the youth series Tim. From 1976 to 2012, she was one of the regular characters in Sesame Street. 

In addition, she has appeared in small roles in Thuis (2003), Witse (2004), F.C. De Kampioenen (2001), Sedes & Belli (2002-2003), Flikken (2008) and Spoed (2006). She was also a regular member of the jury of the Mini-playbackshow from 1987 to 1990.

Portrait of Catherine (Amisani)

Portrait of Catherine Amisani (also known as Caterina) is a 1920 oil painting by the Italian painter Giuseppe Amisani. It measures . It is in the Uffizi Gallery in Palazzo Pitti (inventory number 00652421).




2002 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1983 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 21 July 2002 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head Coach : Josef Krejča

Head couch : Bjørn Hansen

Head Coach : Peter Polák

Head Coach : Iñaki Sáez

Head Coach : Marc Van Geersom

Head Coach: Martin Hunter

Head Coach: Uli Stielike

Head Coach : Brian Kerr

2003 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1984 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 16 July 2003 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Paolo Berrettini

Head Coach : Ralf Loose

Head coach: Egil Olsen

Head coach: Carlos Alberto Lopes Dinis

Head Coach : Paul Gludovatz

Head Coach : Michal Bílek

Head coach: Stuart Baxter

Head Coach : René Girard

2004 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1985 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 13 July 2004 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Marc Van Geersom

Head coach: Paolo Berrettini

Head coach: Pierre-André Schürmann

Head coach: Pavlo Yakovenko

Head coach: Dieter Eilts

Head coach: Andrzej Zamilski

Head coach: José Armando Ufarte

Head coach: Gündüz Tekin Onay

Mark Wills

Mark Wills is an American country singer. In 1999 he had his first number one song on Hot Country Songs music chart.

He was born on August 8, 1973 in Blue Ridge, Georgia.


"I Do (Cherish You)" (1998)

Bruce Hornsby

Bruce Hornsby is an American singer and songwriter. In 1986 "Bruce Hornsby and the Range" had a number one song on music charts in the United States, Canada and the Netherlands.

Hornsby was born on November 23, 1954 in Williamsburg, Virginia.

Attempted assassination of the Mayor of Shiraoi

On 8 March 1974, a 22-year-old ethnically Japanese man called Yagi Tatsumi tried to kill the mayor of Shiraoi, Hokkaido, Asari Giichi (浅利義市) in the mayor's office, managing to stab him in the neck. According to Tatsumi, the murder attempt was done to protest what he considered to be the mistreatment of the indigenous Ainu people of Hokkaido. The incident occured amidst a larger of anti-Japanese terrorist attacks performed by pro-Ainu organizations like the East Asia Anti-Japan Armed Front.

Giichi survived the attempt, and Tsatsumi was stopped. However, far-left violence in Japan failed to cease. A similarly-intentioned arson attack in the September of that same year in Shiraoi.

List of country musicians from Florida

This is a list of famous country musicians from Florida, USA.



The following other musicians have had at least one number one song or album on country music charts: Jake Owen, Michael Ray, Chase Rice.

Sandy Iannella

Sandy Iannella (born 6 April 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Sassuolo. She used to play for Livorno and Torres.

Iannella was released by Cuneo. She then joined Sassuolo on 7 August.

She played on the women's u19 national team and the senior national team.


Laurie Carter

Laurie A. Carter is president of Lawrence University. Before becoming president of Lawrence in 2021, she was president of Shippensburg University. 

Ms. Carter graduated from Clarion State College (now Clarion University) in 1984. She majored in communications. She got a Master of Arts degree in communications from William Paterson College in 1987. In 1993, she earned her Doctor of Law degree at Rutgers University. 

2022 FIFA World Cup qualification

The 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification is the qualifying tournament that decides 31 out of the 32 teams that will play in the 2022 FIFA World Cup, with the hosts who qualified automatically, Qatar.

Different tournaments were held by each of FIFA's six confederations. The qualifiers started on 6 June 2019 and is planned to end in June 2022. The qualifiers has had many delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

The opening two rounds was also qualification for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup. That means, Qatar, only plays in the first two rounds of qualifying.

The qualification format is:

The qualification format is:



The qualification format is:


The qualification format is:

All ten CONMEBOL teams will play in a league of home-and-away round-robin matches. The top four teams qualify for the World Cup, and the fifth-placed team advances to the inter-confederation play-offs.

The qualification format is:


The qualification format is:

There will be two inter-confederation play-offs to determine the final two qualification spots for the World Cup. They are scheduled to be played in Qatar on 13–14 June 2022.

Below are goalscorer lists for each confederations and the inter-confederation play-offs:

Sámuel Major

Sámuel Major (born 9 January 2002) is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kozármisleny.

Major started his career with Debreceni VSC. 2017 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played for the U15, U16 and U18. In 2020 he went on to FC Liefering. In January 2022 he was transfered to the Austrian Bundesliga club FC Admira Wacker Mödling.

He was part of the Hungarian U-17 team at the 2019 UEFA European Under-17 Championship and 2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup.

FC Liefering

"Runner-up"

FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy

2021–22 UEFA Champions League group stage

The 2021–22 UEFA Champions League group stage began on 14 September 2021 and ended on 9 December 2021. A total of 32 teams played in the group stage to decide the 16 spots in the knockout phase of the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League.

Sheriff Tiraspol made their first appearance in the group stage. They were also the first team from Moldova to play in the Champions League group stage.

The draw for the group stage was held on 26 August 2021, 18:00 CEST (19:00 TRT), in Istanbul, Turkey. The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four. The teams were seeded into four pots, with eight teams in each, based on:
Teams from the same association, and due to political reasons, teams from Ukraine and Russia, could not be drawn into the same group. The following pairings were announced by UEFA after the group stage teams were confirmed:

On each matchday, one set of four groups played their matches on Tuesday, while the other set of four groups played their matches on Wednesday, with the two sets of groups alternating between each matchday. The fixtures were decided after the draw, using a computer draw not shown to public. Each team would not play more than two home matches or two away matches in a row, and would play one home match and one away match on the first and last matchdays (Regulations Article 16.02). This arrangement was different from previous seasons, where the same two teams would play at home on the first and last matchdays.

Below are the participating teams (with their 2021 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their seeding pot. They include:

Notes

In each group, teams played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The top two teams of each group advanced to the round of 16. The third-placed teams were transferred to the Europa League knockout round play-offs, while the fourth-placed teams were eliminated from European competitions for the season.

Teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss). If two or more teams were tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria were applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings (see Article 17 Equality of points – group stage, Regulations of the UEFA Champions League):
Due to the abolition of the away goals rule, head-to-head away goals were no longer applied as a tiebreaker starting from this season. However, total away goals were still applied as a tiebreaker.

The fixtures were announced on 27 August 2021, the day after the draw. The matches were played on 14–15 September, 28–29 September, 19–20 October, 2–3 November, 23–24 November, and 7–8 December 2021. The scheduled kick-off times were 18:45 (two matches on each day) and 21:00 (remaining six matches) CET/CEST.

Times were CET/CEST, as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).


Arab Belt

The Arab Belt () was the Syrian Baath government's project of of the north of the Al-Hasakah Governorate to change the demographics of the Kurdish regions of Syria in favor of the Arabs. The process was meant to increase the Arab population in those lands that were once Arab majority, before the Kurdish influx into the region after the collapse of the Ottoman empire in the 1920s.

The regions in the "Arab Belt" are rich in oil deposits and good agricultural land. About 50 to 60 percent of the Syrian petroleum caves are estimated to be located in the district of Al-Malikiyah.

The Baath party came to power in 1963 in Syria and decided in 1965 to build the 350 km long and 10-15 km wide Arabian belt along the Syria–Turkey border. The Belt stretched from the Iraqi border in the east to Ras al-Ayn (Kurdish: "Serê Kaniyê") in the west. After another coup within the Baath party, Hafez al-Assad succeeded in becoming the head of Syria in 1970 and began to act on the plan in 1973. The project's name was officially changed to "Plan for the establishment of state model farms in the Jazira province".

41 Arab villages were built during the project, and all the Kurdish village names of the area were replaced by Arabic names. About 4,000 Arab families from the provinces of Al-Raqqa and Aleppo, where they had previously lost their houses by the construction of the Tabqa dam, were housed in the new villages. These Arabs are named Maghmurin (مغمورين Maġmūrīn, which is affected by flooding). As a result, about of Kurdish cultivated land were taken away and given to the newly settled Arabs. The original plan would also forcibly send about 140,000 Kurds to the southern deserts at Al-Raad. Although the government took away the Kurds' right to live in the area, the Kurds refused to move away and give up their houses. Those Kurds who had been declared foreigners were not allowed to have property, to repair houses, or to build new houses.

The Way of the Dragon

The Way the Dragon is a 1972 Hong Kong martial arts action-comedy film written, co-produced and directed by Bruce Lee, who also stars in the lead role. The film co-stars Bruce Lee, Nora Miao, Riccardo Billi (also co-execitive ), Paul Wei, Huang Chung-hsin, Tony Liu, Unicorn Chan, Chuck Norris, Malisa Longo, Robert Wall, Hwang In-shik, Jon T. Benn.
Bruce Lee formed his own production company, A Concord Production, with Golden Harvest founder Raymond Chow, and "The Way of the Dragon" was the company's first film.

Free Inquiry

Free Inquiry is a secular journal founded in 1980. It was founded by philosopher Paul Kurtz. The journal is published in every two months. It covers different topics about secularism and humanism.

Hellbillies

Hellbillies is a rock band from Norway. In 1993, the band got the award Spellemannprisen in the class Country-rock for the album "Pela Stein".



Plectrohyla acanthodes

The thorny spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla acanthodes") is a frog that lives in Mexico and Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 2200 and 2250 meters above sea level in Guatemala and between 1700 and 1500 meters above sea level in Mexico.

Ctenochasma

Ctenochasma (meaning "comb jaw") is a genus of Upper Jurassic pterosaur of the suborder Pterodactyloidea. Their fossilized remains have been found in the Solnhofen limestone of Bavaria, Germany, and a couple of other sites laid down in the late Jurassic period.

The teeth were a filter-feeding apparatus: the pterosaurs strained out algae or small invertebrates from stagnant tropical waters, as flamingoes do today. This kind of life is mirrored by another pterosaur genus, "Pterodaustro", which had an active pumping mechanism to push water through its teeth.

List of country musicians from Iowa

This is a list of famous country musicians from Iowa, USA.


The following other musicians have had at least one number one song or album on a national music chart: Sarah Darling.

The following other musicians have had 4 singles or albums on the "Billboard" country music charts: Shannon Brown.

Silvio Poma

Silvio Poma (Trescore Balneario, 1840 - Turate, 21 October 1932) was an Italian painter.

He participates as a volunteer in the II War of Independence and, later, he embarks on military life, but in 1866 he takes leave of the army after contracting malaria. On his return to Milan he attended the studios of Giovan Battista Lelli and Gerolamo Induno, both painter-soldiers with whom he had come into contact during the military campaign of 1859 . He made his debut at the Fine Arts Exhibition of Brera in 1869, but the first official awards came only in the middle of the following decade: in 1876 he won the Mylius prize of the Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera with a canvas of historical subject set in a large natural context of romantic taste entitled "Macbeth meets in the Dunscinane wood the massacres that predict his throne"; in 1877 one of his landscapes was purchased at the National Exhibition of Naples by Vittorio Emanuele II. He was buried in the Cimitero Maggiore di Milano, where his remains were later collected in a cell.

The public purchase by King Vittorio Emanuele II for his private collection will give him international fame among the royal families of the era.



Großhabersdorf

Großhabersdorf is a municipality in Fürth, Bavaria, Germany. As of 2006 it had a population of 4,271.



Langenzenn

Langenzenn is a town in Fürth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 15 km west of Fürth.
The town is on the river Zenn and has a population of 10.339 people (31. December 2012).

It belongs to Fürth near Nürnberg and is in the Rangau.

Neighbouring Towns:


Wilhermsdorf

Wilhermsdorf is a municipality in Fürth in Bavaria in Germany. As of 2020 it has a population of 5,479. It is twinned with Feld am See in Austria and Jahnsdorf, also in Germany.

Wilhermsdorf borders


Puschendorf

Puschendorf is a municipality in Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

Oberasbach

Oberasbach is a municipality in Fürth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 6 km southwest of Fürth, and 10 km west of Nuremberg (centre).

The local council has 24 members. 
The election in 2014 showed the following results:

Oberasbach is twinned with:



Obermichelbach

Obermichelbach is a municipality in Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

Roßtal

Roßtal is a market town in Fürth, Bavaria, Germany. As of 2020 it had a population of 10,127.

Seukendorf

Seukendorf is a municipality in Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

Stein, Bavaria

Stein (East Franconian: "Schdah") is a town in Fürth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 7 km south of Fürth, and 7 km southwest of Nuremberg (centre).

Stein is in the metropolitan area Nürnberg/Fürth/Erlangen in Middle Franconia, Bavaria and is a part of the district of Fürth. It is next to Nuremberg in the north-west and is on the left bank of the river Rednitz. Neighboring municipalities are Nuremberg, Rohr, Roßtal, Zirndorf and Oberasbach.

Stein is divided into 11 districts: 

Tuchenbach

Tuchenbach is a municipality in Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.

Tuchenbach is about 20 Kilometer west of Nuremberg. The closest villages are Obermichelbach, Veitsbronn, Puschendorf and the town of Herzogenaurach. The altitude is 345 Meters. The area of Tuchenbach is 6.50 km


Zirndorf

Zirndorf () is a town, which is part of Fürth. It is in northern Bavaria, Germany in the Regierungsbezirk of Middle Franconia.

The following towns and municipalities share borders with Zirndorf; they are listed in clockwise order, starting in the north:



Aichen

Aichen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Aletshausen

Aletshausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Balzhausen

Balzhausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Bibertal

Bibertal is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.


Breitenthal

Breitenthal is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany. The Oberrieder Weiher, a in the region Mittelschwaben popular greenbelt recreation area, is in the municipal area of Breitenthal.

Mittelschwaben

Mittelschwaben is a part of the Bavarian administrative region Swabia. It consists of the districts Günzburg, Neu-Ulm, Unterallgäu and the district-free town Memmingen.

The name "Mittelschwaben" was created in the 19th century to tell apart the Bavarian parts of Oberschwaben from the Baden-Württembergian.

in the west (to the Baden-Württembergian Oberschwaben): the river Iller<br>
in the north (to the Donauried): the southern border of the Danube-valley<br>
in the east (to the Stauden, Reischenau and Holzwinkel, the three parts of the Augsburg-Westliche Wälder Nature Park): the rivers Mindel and Flossach<br>
in the south (to the Allgäu): the terminal moraines of the Würm glaciation<br>

Sennacherib

Sennacherib was the king of the Neo-Assyrian Empire from 705BC until his death in 681BC. He features in the Hebrew Bible. During his time as king, he destroyed the city of Babylon in 689BC and changed the capital city to Nineveh.

Universal Television

Universal Television LLC (abbreviated as UTV) is an American television production company that is a subsidiary of Universal Studio Group, a division of Comcast's NBCUniversal. It serves as the network television production arm of NBC; a predecessor of the company previously assumed such functions, and a substantial portion of the company's shows air on the network. It was formerly known as Revue Studios, Universal Pictures Television Department, Universal-International Television, Studios USA Television LLC, Universal Network Television, Universal Domestic Television, NBC Universal Television Studio, and Universal Media Studios. Re-established in 2004, both NBC Studios and the original Universal Television are predecessors of the current Universal Television, formerly known as NBC Universal Television Studio and Universal Media Studios.

Happy Tree Friends and Nirvana is the punk holding banner responsible for a majority of the Geffen sound library. As an official part of the Universal Pictures library, they are part of the company's record unit, Universal Music Group.

Power Rangers Super Samurai, The Movie: Clash of the Red Rangers

Power Rangers Super Samurai: Clash of the Red Rangers: The Movie (also known as Power Rangers: Clash of the Red Rangers) is a 2011 american movie that is the movie special of Power Rangers Super Samurai. It was directed by Jonathan Tzachor and written by James W. Bates. It aired on Nick on November 26, 2011 and on DVD on March 7, 2013.

The Samurai Rangers team up with the mysterious RPM Ranger Red to fight off dual threats from Master Xandred's Mooger army and a robotic super villain.


Hacker T. Dog

Hacker T. Dog is a dog puppet who appears on the children’s TV channel CBBC in the United Kingdom..

Eddy Jozefzoon

Eddy Jozefzoon ( 8 December 1937 Ganzee – 3 October 2021 Paramaribo) was a Surinamese politician and adviser. He was politically active in the 1960s and 1970s.

Over the decades, he served as an advisor to Jungle commando leader Ronnie Brunswijk, Vice President Robert Ameerali, President Desi Bouterse and Vice President Ronnie Brunswijk.

Eddy Jozefzoon graduated with a doctorate in philosophy. In the sixties he wrote for the government the program "Logical Thinking". In the run-up to the 1969 elections, he participated in the campaign of the Progressive National Party bloc . 

In the 1980s he was an advisor to Ronnie Brunswijk, the leader of the Jungle Commando. 

On 27 September 2011, together with Jules Wijdenbosch and Errol Alibux, he was appointed adviser to the Bouterse I cabinet. 

Eddy Jozefzoon died on 3 October 2021. 

Marie-Louise Bemelmans

Maria Louise "Marie-Louise" Bemelmans-Videc (9 April 1947 in Brunssum – 29 August 2021 in Leiden) was a Dutch politician and professor. From 8 June 1999 to 7 June 2011, she was a member of the Senate on behalf of the Christian Democratic Appeal party. She was awarded Knight in the Order of Orange-Nassau.

Bemelmans-Videc graduated from Leiden University and Erasmus University Rotterdam. From 1992 to 2011, she was professor of public administration at Radboud University Nijmegen.


Bubesheim

Bubesheim is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Hsu Mei-chu

Hsu Mei-chu (born 1 August 1966) is a Taiwanese professional tennis player.

She competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.

She competed at the 1991 Taipei Open.

Burgau

Burgau is a town in Günzburg in Swabia, Bavaria. Burgau is on the river Mindel, and has a population of just under 10,000.


Burtenbach

Burtenbach is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Deisenhausen

Deisenhausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Dürrlauingen

Dürrlauingen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ebershausen

Ebershausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ellzee

Ellzee is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Gundremmingen

Gundremmingen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Rosa María Flores Buendía

Rosa María Flores Buendía is a Mexican pelotari. She competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. and 2019 Pan American Games.

During the 1990 Basque Pelota World Championship, the 1994 Basque Pelota World Championship and the 1998 Basque Pelota World Championship she won the gold medal in the frontenis specialty with Miryam Muñoz Cadena. 

In the Basque Pelota World Championship of 2006, she won the bronze medal with Ariana Yolanda Cepeda de la Mora.

Haldenwang

Haldenwang is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ichenhausen

Ichenhausen is a town in Günzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Günz, 9 km south of Günzburg.


Jettingen-Scheppach

Jettingen-Scheppach is a market community in Günzburg "Landkreis" in the Schwaben (Swabia) "Regierungsbezirk" in Bavaria. It is between Ulm and Augsburg. Its population as of 1 December 2005 was 7,044.


Kammeltal

Kammeltal is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Kötz

Kötz is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.


Hürben (Krumbach)

Hürben, today the eastern part of Krumbach in Bavarian Swabia, was an independent village before it was in the neighbouring town of Krumbach in the year 1902. The Kammel was in most parts of the border between Krumbach and Hürben.

Krumbad

Krumbad is a traditional spa in Swabia, Germany at the foot of Alps.


Landensberg

Landensberg is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Leipheim

Leipheim is a town in Günzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Danube, west of Günzburg, and northeast of Ulm. The village Riedheim and Weissingen are districts of Leipheim. Since 1993, Leipheim has been twinned with the Hungarian town Fonyód.

Münsterhausen

Münsterhausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuburg an der Kammel

Neuburg is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Offingen

Offingen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

It has a population of 4,241 residents.

Offingen is in the Donauried between Ulm and Donauwörth on the Danube and Mindel. The Ulm–Augsburg railway line crosses the town.

Sandra Timmerman

Alexandra Lamberta Johanna (Sandra) Timmerman ( 23 March 1964 Enschede – 11 July 2021 Zwolle) was a Dutch singer and theatre performer.

She sang with her family, Gert and Hermien Timmerman. Later they performed as a duo under the name Sandra & Sheila. In 1992 Timmerman posed with her sister for "Playboy."

She focused more on the theatre. In 2007 she won the Concours de la Chanson of the Alliance Française. In 2009 she made her debut with her theatre show "Een Nieuwe Liefde". In 2012, she had one of the leading roles in a German musical "Yva" about the life of Elsa 'Yva' Neuländer.


Rettenbach, Swabia

Rettenbach is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany. The following Gemarkungen exist: Harthausen, Remshart, Rettenbach.

Röfingen

Röfingen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Thannhausen

Thannhausen () is a town in Günzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Mindel, southeast of Günzburg, and west of Augsburg.

Ursberg

Ursberg is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Nearby is Ursberg Abbey, a former Imperial Abbey of the Holy Roman Empire.


Waldstetten, Bavaria

Waldstetten is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Raffaele Casnedi

Raffaele Casnédi (September 26, 1822 – December 29, 1892) was an Italian painter and scenic designer, active mainly in Milan.

He was born to Pietro Casnedi and Angela Spaini. Despite his parent's objections, he attended the Accademia di Brera from 1840 to 1850. There he studied under Sogni and Luigi Sabatelli. In 1852, he won the Mylius prize for the fresco of "The school of Leonardo" painted in a lunette for the Accademia. He interned in Rome, where he befriended the landscape artist Costa. He returned to Milan, and joined the Brera in 1856, and as professor of design in 1860.

He is best known for his frescoes and religious canvases conserved at the churches (in Valmadrera, Besana, Rho, San Pietro in Novara, and Palombara). For example, in the parochial church of Santi Pietro e Paolo in Luino, he painted, among other works, the four evangelists in the spandrels of the dome. In collaboration with Giuseppe Bertini, he painted the curtain or sipario (1861–1863) at the Teatro alla Scala with "The Fables Atellanae". Among the pupils at the Brera of Casnédi (as well as Bertini and Hayez) were the Scapigliatura artists: Pietro Bouvier and Francesco Didioni, and the Divisionists, Angelo Morbelli and Giovanni Sottocornola. Bartolomeo Giuliano was one of his assistants.


Indianapolis metropolitan area

Indianapolis–Carmel–Anderson or Indianapolis metropolitan area is an 11-county metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Indiana, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget. It in Central Indiana, within the American Midwest.

Ali Mabkhout

Ali Ahmed Mabkhout Mohsen Al Hajeri (; born 5 October 1990) is a professional association football player who plays for Al Jazira and the United Arab Emirates national team.

He used to play in the youth system, and played his first game out of the youth system for Al Jazira in 2009.

Mabkhout played in the AFC Champions League for the first time against Al Ittihad on 22 April 2009, after coming on as a substitute. On 19 May 2009, he scored his first Asian Champions League goal in the 49th minute against Esteghlal. The game ended in a 2–2 draw.

In the 2015 AFC Asian Cup quarter-finals, Mabkhout scored the first goal against Japan to make it 1–0 and it was played at Stadium Australia in Sydney. He also scored in the penalty shootout against Japan. UAE ended up winning 5–4 in penalties.

On 10 October 2019, Mabkhout scored a hat-trick against Indonesia in a 5–0 win. He then became the highest goalscorer on the national team.

Al Jazira

United Arab Emirates U23

United Arab Emirates

Individual


Muhammad Talab Hilal

Muhammad Talab Hilal (; ) was a Syrian politician, officer, and government official. He was a cabinet minister in the Ba'athist government of Yusuf Zuayyin and continued to be a cabinet minister in later governments. Before that, he was governor of Hama. Before that, Hilal was the chief of police in al-Hasakah. While he was a chief of police, Hilal wrote a book on Syria's Jazira region (part of Mesopotamia). This book was important for the Syrian government's plan for the "Arab Belt" ethnic cleansing programme in Syrian Kurdistan.

Hilal completed his "National, Political, and Social Study of the Province of Jazira" on 13 November 1963. This book said that the Syrian government should begin the "Arab Belt" programme. Hilal wrote that the government should force Kurdish people who lived near the borders between Syria and Turkey and between Syria and Iraq to move. Then, the government could move Arab people into the area to take their lands. The Arab Belt ethnic cleansing programme began in 1973 and continued until 1976. The government accepted Hilal's plan in 1965. When Hilal's "National, Political, and Social Study of the Province of Jazira" became public in 1968, the Syrian government claimed that these were only Hilal's ideas. The Arab Belt programme did not begin before 1973 because the government had not yet built the . In 1975, after the dam was complete, the government moved 4000 Arabs of the Walda tribe from the valley of the Euphrates into the "Arab Belt" area.

Eran Zahavi

Eran Zahavi (or Zehavi, , ; born 25 July 1987) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays as a forward for Israeli Premier League club Maccabi Tel Aviv, which he also captains.

Zahavi won Israeli Footballer of the Year twice (2013 and 2014), and finished as the top goalscorer of the Israeli Premier League for three seasons in a row (2013–14 29 goals, 2014–15 27 goals and 2015–16 35 goals, all-time league record). In 2016, he broke the Israeli league sixty-year-old record, scoring the most goals in a single season, beating the 1954–55 record. He was named the 2017 Chinese Super League MVP, and broke the league's single-season scoring record in 2019. Zahavi has played for the national team since 2010, earning over 65 caps.

Hapoel Tel Aviv

Maccabi Tel Aviv

PSV Eindhoven



Muslim Roma

Muslim Roma are called Xoraxane (pronunciation: Khorakhane) in Romani language, or commonly known as "Turkish Gypsy" (Turkoyiftoi, Türk Çingene) is a religious Umbrella term for Muslims Roma people groups from the Balkans, Turkey, Northern Cyprus, Crimea and there descendants who live everywhere in different parts of the World. They convert to Sunni Islam at the time of the Sultanate of Rum in Anatolia and Ottoman Empire at the Balkans, to not pay Jizya. Some of them are Bektashi or belong to another Sufism Tarika. Xoraxane Men are all Circumcised, it is a big event for them to celebrate a Sünnet-Party for there sons. 

The word Khorakhane, Xoraxane, Horahane or Korane Roma itself, means "Koranites" (Koran followers) i.e., Muslims, Turks and Turkish Lifestyle in the Romani language, regardless of which country they live in and which subgroup they belong to, or even they speak Turkish language or not. This word was given to them by the Dasikane Roma at the Balkans. Muslim Roma who lost there subgroup knowledge, are named only as Xoraxane Roma. The biggest group are the Romanlar in Turkey. 
In Bulgaria, Greece, Northern Cyprus, Turkey and Romania (Dobruja), many Xoraxane deny there Roma Background, speak only Turkish and have a strong Turkish Identity trough Turkification and Cultural assimilation in Turkish society and declare themselves as Turkish people only, but some speak Xoraxane Romani dialect together, like in Greek Thrace. Muslim Roma have nothing in common with Christian Roma, especially the Turkish speaking Muslim Roma made a big distant to Christian Roma.

Gene flow from Turks into the Xoraxane Roma population at the Ottoman Empire, happend trough the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans. About Paspati in his Book from 1860-1863, he mentioned that Ottoman Turkish Men often married Roma woman. Under the reign of Abdulhamid II, there status was changend and they was named as Buçuk Millet. Also Abdal of Turkey, Dom people and Lom people Genetic influence in the Muslim Roma population, happend in the time of the Ottoman Empire, all three groups of the Lom-Dom-Rom, called Çingeneler (Gypsy) in Turkish. At the end of the 19th century, Orthodox Christian Lom people in Istanbul convert to Islam. The Basketmaker-Roma (Sepecides) group from Saloniki who went to Izmir in 1923, are of Turkish-Greek origin. Genflow from Albanians, Slavs, Greeks and from People of Caucasus and Jats. Some Romani Men share the R1a1 Y-DNA Haplogroup, who show a Brahmin Ancestry., or Jats, because Y-DNA R1a1 are also be found in Jats.

The Egyptians Act 1530 and Egyptian Act of 1554 expelled Roma people from England. 10,000 thousand expelled Roma people went to the Ottoman Empire and became Muslims.
There descendants call themself until today Egyptians.

In the countrys who once belongend to former Yugoslavia many Xoraxane Roma hide there Romani Heritage too, and speak only Albanian language, or one of the several South Slavic languages, few also speak Turkish language.

Under the rule of the Ottoman Empire, the so called "Turkmen Copt", an Ottoman Turkish language speaking Muslim Roma group of 4 clans was settled in the Balkans
Some of this Turkish speaking Muslim Gypsy Men from Bulgaria went to Poland as Guest workers and married Polish Woman and got children with them. This Offsprings called Melezi (Halfblood), a Turkish Loanword in the Romani language dialects of the Muslim Roma for people with mixed Romani blood.

A Group of Nomadic Xoraxane went from Ottoman-Bulgaria to Persia under the reign of Nader Shah and became Shia Muslim. They still live in Iran until today and named "Zargari tribe", and speak there own Romano language, havenly influenced with words from Azerbaijani language and Persian language.

At the Greek War of Independence 1821–1829, Crimean War 1853–1856, Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), Balkan Wars 1912-1913, World War I 1914-1918, and the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923, many Xoraxane-Roma together with other Non-Romani Muslims was expelled from Bulgaria and Greece and other parts of the Balkans to settle in Turkey.

At the time of communism in the 1950's from Bulgaria, some Turkish speaking Muslim Roma Groups went to Romania for better Life, and settled in the Dobruja, where allready a Turkish speaking Muslim Gypsy community together with Turks and Tatarians live there since the time of Ottoman Empire.

From Turkey and Ex-Yugoslavia, some People of Muslim Roma Background came to Germany and Austria in the 1960's and 1970's as so called Guest worker, where some of the Romani Men married with German or Austrian Womans and got Children. 

In Crimea live several different Groups of Muslim Roma since the time of the Crimean Khanate, the majority of them speak Crimean Tatar language and take a Crimean Tatars Identity.

Muslim Roma suffer twice from exclusion, through Antiziganism and Islamophobia.

They are different Xoraxane Roma Populatio divided in there First language:
The majority of Muslim Roma lives in:

Waldorf Education

Waldorf education is education based on Rudolf Steiner's conceptions. During his carreer, Rudolf Steiner published a number of works regarding education and pedagogy. There are schools, which use these ideas. The ideas are called Anthroposophy. Rudolf Steiner stated it . These schools started in Austria, Germany and Switzerland. There, they are often an alternative to state-run schools; usually they are private schools. Since the second half of the 20th century, Waldorf education has also spread to other countries.

Concord Production Inc.

Concord Production Inc. (協和電影公司) was a production company founded in 1972 in Hong Kong (british) by Bruce Lee and Raymond Chow. Concord went defunct in 1976. The "Golden Harvest" was in charge of the "distribution".

The company has produced "The Way of the Dragon" (1972), "The Game of Death" (1972) and "Bruce Lee, the Man and the Legend" (1973) with "Golden Harvest", and "Enter the Dragon" (1973) with "Warner Bros.".

Tajik Americans

Tajik Americans are Americans who are from Tajikistan. Most of Tajik Americans are ethnic Tajiks.

Uzbek Americans

Uzbek Americans are the Uzbeks who have moved to the United States or Uzbek immigrants with green cards.

Basgo

Basgo is a town situated on the bank of the Indus river in Leh district, Ladakh, India. It was once an important cultural and political centre and is frequently mentioned in the "Ladakhi Chronicles". It is known for its gompas such as Basgo Monastery and historical ruins.

Daniel Klicnik

Daniel Klicnik (born 31 May 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a right back for 2. Liga club Liefering. He played for the FC Salzburg U19 team in the UEFA Youth League during the 2021–22 season.

He started his career with FC Zeltweg and went on to FC Judenburg. From 2016 to 2018 he played for the SK Sturm Graz Academy, and from 2018 to 2021 for the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In 2021 he moved to FC Liefering.

His debut for Liefering was in October 2021, when he came in for Samuel Major in the 11th round against FC Juniors OÖ. He left Liefering in 2023.

He also played for Austria under-15 and under-16 national teams.

List of country musicians from South Carolina

This is a list of famous country musicians from South Carolina, USA.


Description

A description is giving the characteristics or look of something. People describe things by writing, or by speaking. Description is one of the four Rhetorical modes, the other three are exposition, argumentation, and narration. Definite descriptions is when somebody describes something once, and the description never changes. Some famous mathematicians, for example Bertrand Russell or Gottlob Frege, wrote about definite descriptions.

Plectrohyla ixil

The ixil spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla ixil") is a frog that lives in Mexico and northwestern Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 1175 and 1690 meters above sea level in cloud forests in the Meseta Central (central tableland) in Chiapas.

Sohail Khan

Sohail Khan (born 20 December 1970) is an Indian actor, writer, film director and producer who works predominantly in Hindi cinema. He is the younger brother of actors Salman Khan and Arbaaz Khan. He has an elder sister, Alvira Khan Agnihotri. He produces films under his banner Sohail Khan Productions.

Waltenhausen

Waltenhausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesenbach, Bavaria

Wiesenbach is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Winterbach, Bavaria

Winterbach is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Ziemetshausen

Ziemetshausen is a municipality in Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.


Gino D'Acampo

Gennaro Sheffield "Gino" D'Acampo (born 17 July 1976) is an Italian celebrity chef and TV presenter based in the United Kingdom, best known for his cooking TV shows and cookbooks.

Pompei

Pompei is an Italian city in Campania. About 25,000 people live there.

It is known for the ancient Roman ruins of Pompeii which are part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Pompei is twinned with:

Serruria florida

Serruria florida is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae. It lives in South Africa. In English, it is called blushing bride or pride of Franschhoek.

Memphis Depay

Memphis Depay (; born 13 February 1994), also known simply as Memphis, is a Dutch rapper and professional footballer who plays as a forward for Barcelona and the Netherlands national team.

His first professional club was PSV Eindhoven, where, he became an important part of the team, scoring 50 goals in 124 games in all competitions. He was the Eredivisie's top scorer during the 2014–15 season. He scored 22 goals in 30 games, and helped the team win the Eredivisie title. He also won the Dutch Footballer of the Year and "Best Young Player" during the same season. Memphis joined Manchester United in June 2015 for £25 million. He then joined Lyon in January 2017. After four seasons there, he joined Barcelona in 2021 on a free transfer.

Memphis has played in every national team, from youth to senior. He was part of the Netherlands under-17 team and won the 2011 European Championship. He played his first national team game in 2013 and then next year he was a part of the Netherlands squad at the 2014 FIFA World Cup, and finished third. He also played in the UEFA Euro 2020.

PSV Eindhoven

Lyon

Barcelona

Netherlands U17

Netherlands

Individual



Thoughts on the Education of Daughters

Thoughts on the Education of Daughters is a book written by feminist and philospher Mary Wollstonecraft. It was published by Joseph Johnson in 1787.

The book argues that women should be allowed education just like men.

Lonsdaleite

Lonsdaleite is also known as hexagonal diamond because of its crystal structure, It is a allotrope of carbon with a Hexagonal lattice as compared to the cubical lattice of regular diamonds.

It is naturally found in meteorite debris of meteors that carried graphite and crashed onto earth, the great heat and pressure upon impact made the graphite turn into Lonsdaleite.

Sardar Azmoun

Sardar Azmoun (; born 1 January 1995) is an Iranian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Zenit Saint Petersburg and the Iran national team.

Azmoun played his first game for the Iran national team in 2014 when he was 19. He played in the 2015, 2019 AFC Asian Cup and 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Azmoun is the second-most expensive Iranian player of all-time behind Alireza Jahanbakhsh. He is the youngest Iranian to score in a Champions League game and he is the highest Iranian scorer in the UEFA Champions League, scoring four goals.

Zenit Saint Petersburg

Iran U17

Iran U20

Iran


Individual


Aidhausen

Aidhausen is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany, it is a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Hofheim in Unterfranken.

Aidhausen is in the Main-Rhön region.
It is divided into the following districts: Aidhausen, Friesenhausen, Happertshausen, Kerbfeld and Nassach.


Breitbrunn

Breitbrunn is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Bundorf

Bundorf is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Burgpreppach

Burgpreppach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Ebelsbach

Ebelsbach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Eltmann

Eltmann () is a town of 5256 residents (in Haßberge, Lower Franconia, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the south bank of the Main river, west of Bamberg. It is made up of the town proper, and its distant districts, Dippach, Eschenbach, Limbach, Lembach, Roßstadt, and Weissbrunn, as well as an industrial district. Eltmann is within the Naturpark Steigerwald.
The German federal highway (Bundesstraße) 26 passes through town, and the German Main Valley Autobahn 70 has an interchange next to town. Eltmann receives rail service from the German national railway system, Deutsche Bahn, at the Ebelsbach-Eltmann train station.


Ermershausen

Ermershausen is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Gädheim

Gädheim is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the Main river valley.

Hofheim, Bavaria

Hofheim in Unterfranken ) is a city in Haßberge, Unterfranken, Bavaria in Germany.

The municipality consists of the town of Hofheim and the villages of Eichelsdorf, Erlsdorf, Goßmannsdorf, Lendershausen, Manau, Ostheim, Reckertshausen, Rügheim and Sulzbach.

Kirchlauter

Kirchlauter is a municipality in the Bavarian Administrative Region of Lower Franconia in Haßberge in Germany. It is a part of the Verwaltungsgemeinde of Ebelsbach.

Kirchlauter is in the Main-Rhön Region (Bavarian Planungsregion 3).

It consists of the following boroughs: Kirchlauter, Neubrunn, and Pettstadt.

Henri de la Tour d'Auvergne, Vicomte de Turenne

Henri de La Tour d'Auvergne, Viscount of Turenne (1611-1675) was a French general, serving the Kingdom of France from 1630 until his death on 27 July 1675 during the Battle of Salzbach.

Omar Al Somah

Omar Jehad Al Somah (; born 23 March 1989) is a Syrian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Qatar Stars League club Al-Arabi and the Syria national team.

In July 2014, Al Somah joined Al Ahli. He was the top league goal-scorer in 2015, 2016 and 2017. He helped the team win the league in 2016, which was Al Ahli's first league win in 32 years.

Al Futowa

Al Qadsia

Al Ahli

Al arabi

Syria

Individual

David Rugamas

David Antonio Rugamas Leiva (born 17 February 1990 in San Juan Opico, La Libertad, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran professional football player, who plays as a forward.

2021 Indian Air Force Mil Mi-17 crash

On 8 December 2021, an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter crashed in Coonoor, Tamil Nadu, at 1220 hours IST. The Chief of Defence Staff General Bipin Rawat and 13 others, including his wife and other family members were onboard the helicopter. As of 1630 hours IST, 11 bodies were recovered from the crash site.

Norjmoogiin Tsedenbal

Norjmoogiin Tsedenbal (; born 12 September 1988) is a Mongolian footballer who plays as a defender for Ulaanbaatar City and the Mongolian national team.

2022 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC)

The Asian part of the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification is the qualifiers for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. It is for the national teams who are members of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). Besides from Qatar (who qualified automatically as hosts), there a total of 4 or 5 slots (4 direct slots and 1 possible inter-confederation play-off slot) to the World Cup.

The tournament has four rounds; the first two rounds also being qualification for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup (which is why Qatar plays in the first two rounds). The first round would have also been qualifiers for the 2020 AFC Solidarity Cup but it was cancelled.

The qualification format is as follows:

All 46 FIFA associations from AFC entered qualification. The FIFA World Rankings from April 2019 was used to determine who would play in the first round. The second and third rounds used the FIFA World Rankings at the time of the draw.

Because the qualification format was for both the World Cup and Asian Cup qualifiers, both Qatar (automatically qualifying to the World Cup as hosts) and China PR (automatically qualifying to the Asian Cup as hosts) entered the second round. Qatar played for qualification to the Asian Cup, and China to the World Cup.

Timor-Leste was banned from playing in the Asian Cup qualifiers after they fielded 12 players they weren't able to play in the 2019 AFC Asian Cup qualification. FIFA did not ban them from the World Cup qualifiers though, so Timor-Leste was allowed to enter the competition. They are not able to qualify to the Asian Cup but they can qualify to the World Cup.

The schedule of the competition according to the FIFA International Match Calendar.

The draw for the first round was held on 17 April 2019 at 11:00 MST (), at the AFC House in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The draw for the second round was held on 17 July 2019 at 17:00 MST (), at AFC House in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

North Korea withdrew from the qualifying round because of COVID-19 concerns.
Because North Korea withdrew from Group H, games against the fifth-placed teams of each group were not counted in the ranking of the runner-up teams.

The third round consists of two groups of six teams. The first two teams in each group will qualify for the World Cup. The two third-placed teams proceed to the fourth round. The draw was held on 1 July 2021 in Malaysia.

The two third-placed teams in each group from the third round will play against each other in a single match to decide which team will advance to the inter-confederation play-offs.

The host city and venue for this match will be announced during the draw for this round.

The inter-confederation play-off was determined by a draw held on 26 November 2021. The fifth-placed team from AFC was drawn against the fifth-placed team from CONMEBOL. The play-off is scheduled to be played as a single match in Qatar on 13 or 14 June 2022.
The following teams from AFC qualified for the final tournament.

Below are full goalscorer lists for each round:



Floridsdorfer AC

The Floridsdorfer Athletiksport-Club (Floridsdorfer Athletics Sports Club) is a football club from Floridsdorf. Floridsdorf is the 21st district of Vienna. The club was founded in August 1904. In November 1905 the name was chanced into Floridsdorfer Athletik-Klub. In June 1906 the 1. Floridsdorfer A.C. became member of the Austrian Football Association. The club colors are blue and white.

"Updated 27 July 2023"


In brackets level in Austrian football


Bleach: Shattered Blade

Bleach: Shattered Blade, known as in Japan, is a video game for Nintendo's Wii that is developed by Sega. It is based off the popular anime and manga series, "Bleach". The player is able to swing the characters' swords by using the Wii Remote.

Sega, in conjunction with Bleach creator Tite Kubo, has designed a character specifically for this game, named Arturo Plateado.

A self-made arrancar named Arturo Plateado once stormed Soul Society, but was trapped beneath Sōkyoku Hill by the Gotei 13 two-thousand years prior to the start of "Bleach". When the Sōkyoku was destroyed during Ichigo Kurosaki's rescue of Rukia Kuchiki, the seal placed on Arturo was broken and he was freed.

Arturo decides to impersonate various figures, his disguises ranging from captains to "zanpakutō" spirits, in an attempt to trick others into regaining the pieces of the destroyed Sōkyoku in order to absorb them into his body and become more powerful. Depending on the game's outcome, he is either purified and defeated or obtains the Sōkyoku and carries on to decimate the Soul Society.




Plectrohyla pycnochila

The thicklip spikethumb frog or thick-lipped spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla pycnochila") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 2000 and 2600 meters above sea level in pine-oak forests in Meseta Central (central tableland) in Chiapas.

Michael Chaves

Michael Chaves is an American film director, screenwriter, visual effects artist, editor and also, an executive producer. He is best known for his work on the miniseries, "Chase Champions", and the theatrical films "The Curse of La Llorona" and "".

Marv Films

Marv Studios (or simply Marv and stylised as MARV, formerly known as SKA Films) is the British movie and television production company currently owned by movie producer Matthew Vaughn. It is best known for the movies "Layer Cake", "Stardust", "Kick-Ass", "" and "".

In 1997, movie producer Matthew Vaughn and movie director Guy Ritchie established their own company in the United Kingdom, with its first movie being "Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels", which is for HandMade Films.

In 1999, Vaughn and Ritchie struck an agreement with Sony Pictures to distribute its next movie, "Snatch".

The team followed it up with their next big movie "Swept Away", starring Madonna. The movie ended up being bombed critically and commercially. It went on to win the Golden Raspberry Awards in 2003.

Later that same year, Ritchie and Vaughn broke up ties, thus rebranding from SKA Films to Marv Films, and its first production under the new banner was Matthew Vaughn's directorial debut "Layer Cake".

In 2007, it signed a contract with Sony Pictures to produce its feature movies. Later that same year, Charlie Mitchell joined the company.

In 2009, Kris Thykier decided to leave Marv Films, in order to set up PeaPie Films, to produce new feature movies.

In 2018, Vaughn established its subsidiary Marv Studios to set up new feature movie reboots.

In 2021, Marv established a record label, Marv Music, in conjunction with Warner Music Group. The label is distributed under Warner's Parlophone Records unit.


Knetzgau

Knetzgau is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany. It consists of eight villages: Oberschwappach, Unterschwappach, Westheim, Hainert, Eschenau, Neuhaus, Zell am Ebersberg, Wohnau and Zeil.

Königsberg, Bavaria

Königsberg in Bayern is a town in Haßberge, in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is 7 km (5 miles) northeast of Haßfurt, and 31 km (20 miles) northwest of Bamberg.

It was an exclave of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha until 1918, after having been a part of Saxe-Hildburghausen.

<br>

Maroldsweisach

Maroldsweisach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.


Oberaurach

Oberaurach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

There are 11 quarters belonging to Oberaurach:

Pfarrweisach

Pfarrweisach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Pfarrweisach is in the Main-Rhön Region (Bavarian planning region no. 3).

Pfarrweisach is divided into nine sub-municipalities (population in brackets as at: 5 January 2009):

Its neighbouring municipalities (clockwise from the north) are: Maroldsweisach, Seßlach, Untermerzbach, Ebern and Burgpreppach.

Rauhenebrach

Rauhenebrach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Rentweinsdorf

Rentweinsdorf is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Riedbach

Riedbach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany. It is 20 km northeast of Schweinfurt and 8 km north of Haßfurt.

The municipality was created in 1978. It surrounds the villages of Humprechtshausen, Kleinmünster, Kleinsteinach, Kreuzthal and Mechenried, and its name comes from the Riedbach creek that flows through Humprechtshausen, Kleinsteinach and Mechenried. 
The population of Riedbach is about 1600 people. Its mayor is Birgit Bayer.

Humprechtshausen (521 Inhabitants)
Mechenried (461 Inhabitants)
Kleinsteinach (441 Inhabitants)
Kleinmünster (259 Inhabitants)
Kreuzthal (104 Inhabitants)

Riedbach is surrounded by the municipalities (beginning north, clockwise) of Aidhausen, Hofheim in Unterfranken, Königsberg in Bayern, Haßfurt and Schonungen.

1910: 1.725 Residents
1972: 1.902 Residents
2005: 1.717 Residents
2010: 1.625 Residents


Sand am Main

Sand is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Main.

Stettfeld

Stettfeld is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Theres

Theres is a municipality on the river Main, in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Untermerzbach

Untermerzbach is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Wonfurt

Wonfurt is a municipality in Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.

Zeil am Main

Zeil am Main is a town in Haßberge in Lower Franconia, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the right bank of the Main, 7 km east of Haßfurt, 24 km northwest of Bamberg, and 25 km east of Schweinfurt.

Bad Steben

Bad Steben is a market town in Hof in Bavaria in Germany. In 2007, Bad Steben celebrated its 175th anniversary as a Bavarian State Spa.

Berg, Upper Franconia

Berg () is a municipality in Hof in Bavaria, Germany.

Döhlau

Döhlau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Saale River.

Feilitzsch

Feilitzsch is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Gattendorf

Gattendorf is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Geroldsgrün

Geroldsgrün is a municipality in Hof, Bavaria, Germany.

Helmbrechts

Helmbrechts () is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Southern edge of the Frankenwald, 20 km southwest of Hof.

With the local government reorganization in 1972, the following villages were merged to Helmbrechts' district:

Balsa, Brazil

Balsa is a headland on the opposite side of the Amazon River from the city of Manaus, Amazonas state, Brazil. The AM-070 road bridge comes from Santo Agostinho to the headland. It has a dock and slipway and operates ferry services to Manaus.

Woodlands, Singapore

Woodlands is a town in Northern Singapore. Johor Bahru, a city in Malaysia, is North of it, while Sembawang and Kranji are to its East and West.




Briar Hill

Briar Hill is a district of Northampton, England, United Kingdom.

SK Rapid Wien II

SK Rapid Wien II is the second team of the Austrian Bundesliga club SK Rapid Wien. Since 2020 they play in the 2. Liga in Austria.


In brackets:Level in Austrian football


Seo Sung-Kyo

Seo Sung-Kyo (born 13 May 1970) is a South Korean taekwondo athlete. He competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

He won a gold medal at the 1992 Asian Taekwondo Championships, and 1994 World Cup, in the –54 kg category.​ 

Vasugi Maruthamuthu

Vasugi Maruthamuthu (born 13 June 1968) is a Malaysian taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics demonstration.

She competed at the 1990 Asian Taekwondo Championships and 1992 Asian Taekwondo Championships,​ winning two bronze medals 

Marion Petric

Marion Petric (18 September 1966 Graz– 29 May 2021) was an Austrian comedienne, singer, cabaret artist and actress.

She was a founding member of the "Ö3 Comedyhirten", with the successful program "Mörderisch", which reached 300,000 viewers in Austria.

She toured Austria with comedy music shows "Ladies on a Leash" (2009 to 2012), "Die Froschkönigin" (2012 to 2015), and "Fisch Grete und das Kammerl des Schreckens" (2015 to 2017). 

She also worked as an advertising spokesperson, presenter and jazz singer and appeared in the comedy section of "Hitradio Ö3" .

She died in 2021.


Lillan Westli

Lillan Elisabeth Westli (born 15 February 1972) is a Norwegian speed skater. She represented Norway and Kongsvinger Idrettslag. She won the 1989 Norwegian Championships, in relay.

She competed at the 2000/2001 ISU Speed Skating World Cup, and 2001/2002 ISU Speed Skating World Cup.

Catalina Meyer

Catalina Meyer Busquets (1926 – 8 May 2021) was a Chilean professional basketball player. She was a member of the Chile women's national basketball team.

She competed at the 1953 FIBA World Championship for Women, winning a silver medal, and at the 1946 South American Basketball Championship for Women, and 1950 South American Basketball Championship for Women, winning two gold medals.

Clarence Ellis (computer scientist)

Clarence "Skip" Ellis (May 11, 1943 – May 17, 2014) was an American computer scientist, and Emeritus Professor of Computer Science and Cognitive Science at the University of Colorado at Boulder. While at the CU-Boulder, he was the director of the Collaboration Technology Research Group and a member of the Institute of Cognitive Science. Ellis was the first African-American to earn a PhD in Computer Science (1969), and the first African-American to be elected a Fellow of the ACM (1997). Ellis was a pioneer in Computer Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW) and Groupware. He and his team at Xerox PARC created OfficeTalk, one of the first groupware systems. Ellis also pioneered Operational Transformation, which is a set of techniques that enables real-time collaborative editing of documents.

Issigau

Issigau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Issig River.

Köditz

Köditz is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Konradsreuth

Konradsreuth is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

With the local government reorganization in 1972, the following villages were combined and merged into Konradsreuth municipality:

Leupoldsgrün

Leupoldsgrün is a municipality in Upper Franconia. It can be found in Hof, which is in Bavaria, Germany.

Frederick Trump

Frederick Trump (nee Freidrich Drumpf March 14, 1869 – March 30, 1918) was a German businessman. He is the father of businessman Fred Trump and the grandfather of Donald Trump.

Trump made his first fortune operating boom-town hotels and whorehouses in the northwestern United States, and later in Monte Cristo, Washington.

Juan Martín Díez

Juan Martín Díez (1775, Valladolid - 1825) was a Spanish brigadier-general of cavalry. The son of a peasant, Díez was head of guerilla bands, where he had done good service to his country during the Peninsular war and been promoted; offending the ruling powers, he was charged with conspiracy, tried, and killed.

Inauguration of William Howard Taft

The inauguration of William Howard Taft as the 27th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1909. It was the start of the only term of William Howard Taft as president and James S. Sherman's only term as vice president. 

A ceremony happened at the Senate chamber inside the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. because of a blizzard. The event was the 31st presidential inauguration. 

Vice president Sherman did not complete his term in office, because he died on October 30, 1912. Since the Twenty-fifth Amendment, which allows for the office of vice president to be filled if it were empty, of the US Constitution was not passed yet, the position remained empty until Taft's term as president ended. As of 2021, Sherman is the most recent vice president to die in office.

Chief Justice Melville Fuller administered the presidential oath of office to Taft. Charles W. Fairbanks gave the vice presidential oath of office to Sherman. This inauguration was the last time Fuller gave the oath. However, the Chief Justice said his lines incorrectly. 

Although the weather was not good, the inaugural parade was not canceled. An inaugural ball that evening was held at the Pension Building. The ball would be the last official one, because Taft's successor, Woodrow Wilson, asked the city of Washington to not do one, putting a brief end to the practice. The inaugural balls were brought back in 1949 as part of the second inauguration of Harry S. Truman.


Relief rainfall

Relief rainfall means rain caused by the land varying in height. Relief rainfall is formed when the air cools as it rises over relief features in the landscape such as hills or mountains. As the air rises, it cools, condenses and forms rain.

SV Horn

SV Horn is an Austrian association football club playing in the city of Horn in Lower Austria. They play in the 2nd League. 

SV Horn also has a women football team which plays in the 2. ÖFB Frauen-Bundesliga.

Degrees of freedom (statistics)

Degrees of freedom refers to the maximum number of logically independent values, which are values that have the freedom to vary, in the data sample.

The easiest way to understand degrees of freedom conceptually is through an example:


The formula for degrees of freedom equals the size of the data sample minus one:
Df​=N−1
where:

Df​=degrees of freedom

N=sample size​

Degrees of freedom are commonly discussed in relation to various forms of hypothesis testing in statistics, such as a chi-square. It is essential to calculate degrees of freedom when trying to understand the importance of a chi-square statistic and the validity of the null hypothesis.

There are two different kinds of chi-square tests: the test of independence, which asks a question of relationship, such as, "Is there a relationship between gender and SAT scores?"; and the goodness-of-fit test, which asks something like "If a coin is tossed 100 times, will it come up heads 50 times and tails 50 times?"

For these tests, degrees of freedom are utilized to determine if a certain null hypothesis can be rejected based on the total number of variables and samples within the experiment. For example, when considering students and course choice, a sample size of 30 or 40 students is likely not large enough to generate significant data. Getting the same or similar results from a study using a sample size of 400 or 500 students is more valid.

The earliest and most basic concept of degrees of freedom was noted in the early 1800s, intertwined in the works of mathematician and astronomer Carl Friedrich Gauss. The modern usage and understanding of the term were expounded upon first by William Sealy Gosset, an English statistician, in his article "The Probable Error of a Mean," published in Biometrika in 1908 under a pen name to preserve his anonymity.1

In his writings, Gosset did not specifically use the term "degrees of freedom." He did, however, give an explanation for the concept throughout the course of developing what would eventually be known as Student’s T-distribution. The actual term was not made popular until 1922. English biologist and statistician Ronald Fisher began using the term "degrees of freedom" when he started publishing reports and data on his work developing chi-squares.

Sinful Davey

Sinful Davey is a 1969 British American adventure crime comedy movie directed by John Huston and starring John Hurt, Pamela Franklin, Anjelica Huston, Nigel Davenport, Ronald Fraser, Maxine Audley, Robert Morley, Fionnula Flanagan, Donal McCann, Allan Cuthbertson, Eddie Byrne and was distributed by United Artists.


Sorghum bicolor

Sorghum bicolor, commonly called sorghum () and also known as great millet, durra, jowari / jowar, or milo, is a grass species cultivated for its grain, which is used for food for humans, animal feed, and ethanol production. Sorghum originated in Africa, and is now cultivated widely in tropical and subtropical regions. Sorghum is the world's fifth-most important cereal crop after rice, wheat, maize, and barley, with 59.34 million metric tons of annual global production in 2018. "S. bicolor" is typically an annual, but some cultivars are perennial. It grows in clumps that may reach over 4 m high. The grain is small, ranging from 2 to 4 mm in diameter. Sweet sorghums are sorghum cultivars that are primarily grown for forage, syrup production, and ethanol; they are taller than those grown for grain.

"Sorghum bicolor" is the cultivated species of sorghum; its wild relatives make up the botanical genus "Sorghum".

Plectrohyla avia

The greater spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla avia") is a frog that lives in Mexico and Guatemala. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests between 1685 and 2200 meters above sea level on the Pacific Ocean side (west side) of the Sierra Madre mountains.

Maryse Wolinski

Maryse Wolinski (3 May 1943 – 9 December 2021) was a French journalist, novelist and writer. She was the wife of the Charlie Hebdo cartoonist murdered in January 2015. After the death of her husband, she dedicated three books to him. 

Wolinski died of cancer in Paris on 9 December 2021, at the age of 78.


Hanger Lane gyratory

The Hanger Lane gyratory is a multi-lane gyratory that is the shape of a rectangle. The Western Avenue (A40) goes under the gyratory. The A40 meets with the North Circular (A406) and the Ealing Road towards Wembley. It is in the north of the borough of Ealing in west London.

The junction covers about . At rush hour, it carries nearly 10,000 vehicles per hour. The Central line passes under the gyratory. Hanger Lane tube station takes up some of the middle of the gyratory. The rest of the middle has some service buildings and a nature reserve. The nature reserve is a Site of Importance for Nature Conservation.

The junction became a gyratory in the 1980s. In December 2007, it was named Britain's scariest junction. The High Speed 2 railway could have caused the gyratory to be remodelled.

Google Maps Navigation

Google Maps Navigation is a mobile application developed by Google for the Android and iOS operating systems that was later integrated into the Google Maps mobile app. The application uses an Internet connection to a GPS navigation system to provide turn-by-turn voice-guided instructions on how to arrive at a given destination.
The application requires connection to Internet data (e.g. 3G, 4G, 5G, WiFi, etc.) and normally uses a GPS satellite connection to determine its location. A user can enter a destination into the application, which will plot a path to it. The app displays the user's progress along the route and issues instructions for each turn.

The application’s beta release was released on October 28, 2009, accompanying the release of Android 2.0 (Eclair) on the Motorola Milestone (known as the Motorola Droid). Google Maps Navigation Beta was initially released in the United States. The application (version 4.2) was later released in the UK on April 20, 2010 and Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, and Switzerland on June 9, 2010.

Lichtenberg, Bavaria

Lichtenberg is a town in northeastern Bavaria, being in Hof in Upper Franconia.

It is on a hill above the valley of the river Selbitz, in the Frankenwald nature park.

Münchberg

Münchberg is a small town in Upper Franconia (Bavaria), Germany. It is sometimes known as the "Textile Town of Bavaria".

Its sister city is Jefferson City, Missouri, United States.

Mechlenreuth

Mechlenreuth is a village in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria, Germany. In 1978 the village was included into Münchberg. The earliest known mention of the village was in 1185. From 1837 to 1978 Mechlenreuth was an independent municipality. Today it is a village of 200 residents and a part of the city Münchberg.

The village is on the edge of the natural park Fichtelgebirge. Their bordering villages are (clockwise) Münchberg Weißdorf Stockenroth- Germersreuth, Großlosnitz, Kleinlosnitz and Mussen. The village is at a height of 545 meters two kilometers south of the city Münchberg. In the south and east is Mechlenreuth in large parts surrounded by forests. In the north-west rises the chapel mountain, the highest point of the village area. It is also a natural border, to the rest of the city Münchberg. The center of the village grouped around a village pond surrounded by trees. Today the village Mechlenreuth also includes the single buildings Upper Eiben, Lower Eiben, Umspannwerk Mechlenreuth, Rußhut, Lohbrickworks and Dietelsmill.



Naila

Naila is a town in the Frankenwald hills, in Hof, Bavaria. Naila is from Hof, on both banks of the Selbitz river.


Oberkotzau

Oberkotzau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Rehau

Rehau is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. The first documented name of Rehau was "Resawe" in the year 1234. Rehau is in the Fichtelgebirge, 12 km southeast of Hof, and 12 km west of Aš. It is near both Czech and former East German borders, with the fall of The Wall, it is now in the center of a growing area, with a new Autobahn providing access from Nuremberg and Munich.


Schauenstein

Schauenstein is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 13 km west of Hof.

Endothermic process

An endothermic reaction is a reaction between two elements or compounds that absorbs heat energy.

If more energy is needed to break the bonds than the energy being released, energy is taken up. Therefore, it is an endothermic reaction.

Maitreyi Ramakrishnan

Maitreyi Ramakrishnan ( ; born 28 December 2001) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her leading role as Devi Vishwakumar in the Netflix teen comedy series "Never Have I Ever" (2020–present) and as Priya Mangal in the Pixar film "Turning Red" (2022).

Candice Patton

Candice Kristina Patton is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Iris West-Allen in the television series "The Flash" (2014-2023), Her acting on "The Flash" earned her a Saturn Award from four nominations.

Schwarzenbach am Wald

Schwarzenbach am Wald is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 21 km west of Hof, and 23 km northeast of Kulmbach.

Schwarzenbach am Wald is in a natural environment at the bottom of the Döbraberg in the natural park Frankenwald

Schwarzenbach an der Saale

Schwarzenbach an der Saale is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Saale, 11 km south of Hof. 

Relative clause

A "relative clause" is a string of words that contains a noun and a verb. Relative clauses can not stand on their own as a sentence and must begin with a "relative pronoun".

This is one of the most difficult aspects of English. Consider:

Consider these two:

On the first, he will make a large profit, and it gives the reason.
In the second, the profit only comes if he builds well. The profit is "conditional" upon his performance.

2005 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1986 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 18 July 2005 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Uli Stielike

Head coach: Nikos Nioplias

Head coach: Mal Donaghy

Head coach: Zvonko Živković

Head coach: Samvel Petrosyan

Head coach: Martin Hunter

Head coach: 

Head coach: Tor Ole Skullerund

2006 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1987 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 18 July 2006 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Paul Gludovatz

Head coach: Marc Van Geersom

Head coach: Miroslav Soukup

Head coach: Michał Globisz

Head coach: Carlos Dinis

Head coach: Archie Gemmill

Head coach: Ginés Meléndez

Head coach: Cem Pamiroğlu

2007 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1988 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 16 July 2007 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Hermann Stadler

Head coach: Nikos Nioplias

Head coach: Edgar Borges

Head coach: Juan Santisteban


Head coach: Guy Ferrier

Head coach: Frank Engel

Head coach: Ravil Sabitov

Head coach: Zvonko Živković

2008 UEFA European Under-19 Championship squads

Players born on or after 1 January 1989 were available to participate in the tournament. Players' age as of 14 July 2008 – the tournament's starting day. Players in bold have later been capped at full international level.

Head coach: Mihail Madanski

Head coach: Tibor Sisa

Head coach: Horst Hrubesch

Head coach: Ginés Meléndez

Head coach: Jakub Dovalil

Head coach: Brian Eastick

Head coach: Alexis Alexiou

Head coach: Francesco Rocca


2022 FIFA World Cup qualification – AFC First Round

The AFC first round of the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification was also the first round of 2023 AFC Asian Cup qualification. It was played from 6 to 11 June 2019.

A total of twelve teams (teams ranked 35–46 in the FIFA World Rankings) played home-and-away over two legs. The six winners advanced to the second round.

The six losers would have qualified to the 2020 AFC Solidarity Cup, but it was cancelled.

Timor-Leste were banned from qualifying to the 2023 AFC Asian Cup, so this only acts as FIFA World Cup qualification for them.

The draw for the first round was held on 17 April 2019 at 11:00 MST (), at the AFC House in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

The seeding was based on the FIFA World Rankings of April 2019. Pot A teams hosted the first leg and Pot B teams hosted the second leg.

Note: Bolded teams qualified for the second round.
Note: FIFA World Rankings at the time of the draw is shown in (parenthesis).

The first legs were played on 6–7 June, and the second legs on 11 June 2019.
<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>

Mongolia won 3–2 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.

Sri Lanka won 3–1 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.

Bangladesh won 1–0 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.

Malaysia won 12–2 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.

Cambodia won 4–1 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.

Guam won 5–1 on aggregate and advanced to the second round.


Richard Synge

Richard Laurence Millington Synge (1914-1994) was an English biochemist.

Product differentiation

Product differentiation is a term from economics and marketing. In most markets, there will be some form of competition: businesses offer products or services, which may be very similar. Using product differentiation, a company can change a product or a service, so that it becomes more attractive to a given market. This means the product or service must be different from the product of the competitors. It also means, it must be sufficiently different from the other products of the company. Edward Chamberlin first proposed the idea, in his book "The Theory of Monopolistic Competition", published in 1933

Firms have different ways that help them to construct specific competitive advantages over competitors. Differentiation is the process of distinguishing the differences of a product or offering from others, to make it more attractive to a particular target market.

Although research in a niche market may result in changing a product in order to improve differentiation, the changes themselves are not differentiation. Marketing or product differentiation is the process of describing the differences between products or services, or the resulting list of differences. This is done to demonstrate the unique aspects of a firm's product and create a sense of value. Marketing textbooks are firm on the point that any differentiation must be valued by buyers (a differentiation attempt that is not perceived does not count). The term unique selling proposition refers to advertising to communicate a product's differentiation.

In economics, successful product differentiation leads to competitive advantage. This is inconsistent with perfect competition. One of the requirement for perfect competition is that the products or services are perfect substitutes. There are three types of product differentiation:


Most of the time, the brand differences are small: they can be as little as different packaging or an advertising theme. The physical product need not change, but it may. Differentiation is about the buyers seeing a difference. Causes of differentiation may be functional aspects of the product or service, how it is distributed and marketed, or who buys it. The major sources of product differentiation are as follows.


The objective of differentiation is to develop a position that potential customers see as unique. The term is used frequently when dealing with freemium business models, in which businesses market a free and paid version of a given product. Given they target the same group of customers, it is imperative that free and paid versions be effectively differentiated.

Differentiation primarily affects performance through reducing directness of competition: As the product becomes more different, categorization becomes more difficult and hence draws fewer comparisons with its competition. A successful product differentiation strategy will move your product from competing based primarily on price to competing on non-price factors (such as product characteristics, distribution strategy, or promotional variables).

Most people think that companies differentiate their products to be able to charge more for their product. This is a very simplistic view, that does not cover all aspects. If customers like what the firm has to offer, they will be less sensitive to the offers of others. Price may not be one of these aspects. Differentiation makes customers in a given segment have a lower sensitivity to other features (non-price) of the product.

Vertical product differentiation can be measured objectively by a consumer, for example when comparing two similar products the quality and price can clearly be identified and ranked by the customer. If both A and B products are charged the same price to the consumer, then the market share for each one will be positive, according to the Hotelling model. The major theory in this is all consumers prefer the higher quality product if two distinct products are offered at the same price. A product can differ in many vertical attributes. What really matters is the relationship between consumers willingness to pay for improvements in quality and the increase in cost per unit that comes with such improvements. Therefore, the perceived difference in quality is different with different consumer, so it is objective. A green product might be having a lower or zero negative effect on the environment, however, it may turn out to be inferior than other products in other aspects. It also depends on the way it is advertised and the social pressure a potential consumer is living in. Even one vertical differentiation can be a decisive factor in purchasing.

Horizontal differentiation seeks to affect an individual's subjective decision-making. The difference cannot be measured in an objective way. For example, different color versions of the same iPhone or MacBook. A lemon ice cream is not superior to a chocolate ice cream, - it is completely based on the user's preference. A restaurant may price all of its desserts at the same price and let the consumer freely choose since all the alternatives cost the same. A clear example of Horizontal Product Differentiation can be seen when comparing Coca Cola and Pepsi: if priced the same then individuals will differentiate between the two based purely on their own taste preference.

Usually, product differentiation is seen as either vertical or horizontal. Most forms of product differentiation have both horizontal and vertical product differentiations. Those two are not the only way to differentiate products. Another way to differentiate a product is through spatial differentiation. Spatial Product Differentiation is using a geographical location as a way to differentiate. An example of Spatial Differentiation is a firm locally sourcing inputs and producing their product.


Anneliese Knoop-Graf

Anneliese Knoop-Graf (January 30 1921-August 27 2009) was the youngest sister of Willi Graf, who was one of the main members of the White Rose resistance group. In his last letter to her he tasked her to “keep a good memory of me.” (“Behaltet mich in guter Errinerung”) After his death Anneliese worked tirelessly to keep Willi’s story (and the stories of the other White Rose members) alive.

On February 18, 1943, Willi and Anneliese Graf were captured by the Gestapo. Both were accused of being members of the White Rose. Willi was a core member, but he had never told Anneliese about the activities of the White Rose. Anneliese was released soon afterward, but her brother was sentenced to death. In his last letter to Anneliese and his family, Willi asked them to, “Keep a good memory of me” and to “continue what we have started.”

After the war Anneliese honored her brothers last wishes, becoming a speaker about the White Rose.She helped write multiple publications about the White Rose, including helping Inge Jens and Walter Jens publish a book of Willi Graf’s letters and diary titled, “Willi Graf: Briefe und Aufzeichnungen.”

In 1987, Anneliese became the vice chairman of the White Rose foundation in Munich.

Anneliese Knoop-Graf died on August 27, 2009. She was 88 years old.

Neuf-Mesnil

Neuf-Mesnil () is a commune in the Nord in north France. In 2018 1,324 people lived in the coummune.


Hazel W. Johnson-Brown

Hazel W. Johnson-Brown (October 10, 1927 – August 5, 2011) a member of the United States military. She was the 16th Chief of the United States Army Nurse Corps and the first African American woman to hold the title of Brigadier general. She served the military as a nurse from 1955 to 1983 when she retired. 

The title of Brigadier general and 16th Chief of Army Nurse Corps was awarded to Hazel W. Johnson-Brown in 1979.

She was born on October 10, 1927. She was born and raised in Pennsylvania, United States. She is the daughter of Clarence L. Johnson Sr. and Gamett Henly Johnson. She had six siblings. It is said that she wanted to be a nurse from early childhood. 

Greek Australians

Greek Australians () are Australians of Greek heritage or Australians born in Greece. They make up at least 1.8% of Australia's population. The cities in Australia with the most Greeks are Melbourne and Sydney.


Phyllis Lose

Margaret Phyllis Lose (November 15, 1925-September 30, 2019) was the first woman equine (horse) vet in the United States. She opened many equine surgical hospitals, and was extremely successful in her surgeries. She never had a client with a postoperative (after operation) infection. She was the third woman to get a horse trainer license in the United States. 

Phyllis Lose’s parents taught her to be tough, and always keep on moving forward in her life. They motivated her to work hard if she wants to make something happen. When she was younger, she once convinced her parents to let her keep a horse in their garage! Lose has always had a love of horses.

She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania Veterinary School in 1957. She was one of three women in her graduating class. She was the only woman who studied large animals. Lose was the first certified female equine veterinarian in the United States. 

First Lose was a horse trainer.

When she graduated Lose opened the first woman-owned and woman-run horse veterinary clinic. Lose was the first woman to build an equine surgical hospital. She is also the first woman horse doctor in the United States. She was the third woman to have a horse trainer license in the United States as well. She developed many different methods and new types of medicines to help perform more successful surgeries on horses. For example, Lose Lose doesn’t like to use steroids to relax muscles in hurt horses, which is a very common thing to do with other vets.

Lose opened two equine hospitals in Pennsylvania. During Lose’s busiest years, she treated up to 1,000 horses a week! Lose won some money off of her dog, when she entered him in a dog food contest. She closed her hospital, to pursue her dog, Oscar’s, movie career in Florida.

Lose wrote many books. Her autobiography is called, "No Job for a Lady.”

In both her career, as well as her personal life. She never married. Her work was too busy.  She slept about three or four hours a night. One of her dogs, Oscar, was a movie star at Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida. She died in 2019.

Madison Hammond

Madison Hammond is an Indigenous American soccer player. Hammond is the first Native American to play in the National Women's Soccer League. She plays for the club Angel City, in Los Angeles, California, USA. Hammond made her debut on September 26, 2020. She aims to inspire and be a role model for young Native American girls. 

Madison Hammond was born in November 1997. Her mother was in the military. Her father was not very involved in her life. Hammond grew up in Albuquerque and moved to Virginia when she was 9 years old. She is Navajo, San Pueblo, and African American. Her uncle was a golf PGA Champion and played with Tiger Woods. He was a big inspiration for her. She joined a girls' soccer club near her mother's base when they moved to Virginia.

Hammond made history when she subbed on to a game on September 26, 2020. She became the first Native American player to play in the NWSL. She was subbed on in the 76th minute of a game against Utah. Hammond played in 3 games during the fall season for a total of 105 minutes.

Madison Hammond graduated from Wake Forester in 2019. She went undrafted and had a test run for a club in Spain. Hammond decided to do another tryout, this time with the club OL Reign. During the tryouts, the Covid-19 pandemic hit and shut down the league. She signed a 2-year contract right away once it started opening back up. In March, 2022, she was traded to Angel City, in Los Angeles, USA.

Hammond wants to inspire young native girls. She wants other indigenous girls to try to play professional soccer, too. She realizes that she now has responsibility. She sees both positives and negatives from her achievement. She is happy that the league is starting to change and be more diverse. Hammond is also a little disappointed that it took till 2020 to have a Native American player.

Precious Brady-Davis

Precious Brady-Davis (born 1986/1987) is an American author and transgender climate activist. She is also a LGBTQ+ activist. She is the most seen trans woman of color climate activist. She launched a 1.6 million dollar CDC HIV Prevention program at the , an LGBTQ community center. There she was Mentor of LGBTQ+ teens. She wrote the best-selling book, "I Have Always Been Me". Today, she is the director of communications at the Sierra Club. She and Myles Brady-Davis, her transmasculine husband, had a baby girl in 2019. The baby's birth certificate listed the Brady-Davis' proper genders. 

Brady-Davis was in foster care when she was a toddler. This was because of her mother’s mental health issues. At age five she moved in with her grandparents. In fourth grade her peers started being homophobic to her. In middle school it got worse. In public high school she started to explore her identity. In her sophomore year Brady Davis moved into a foster home. In college she came out as gay. She went to college in Chicago. There she made a name for herself as a performance artist. Many LGBTQ+ teens looked up to her for her inspirational story of resilience.

Dawn Staley

Dawn Michelle Staley (born May 4, 1970) is an American women's basketball coach and player. She is a four-time Southeastern Conference (SEC) Coach of the Year winner and the 2020 Associated Press Coach of the Year. She was hired at University of South Carolina in the 2008-2009 season. Before, she had coached at Temple University. In 2017 they won the national title. She has five SEC regular titles and six league tournament crowns. She also coached the USA women's olympic basketball team at the Tokyo Olympics in 2020 where they won the gold medal.

Staley went to high school at Dobbins Tech High school. She led them to 3 league championships. She won high school player of the year as a senior. She decided to go to University of Virginia because she could play immediately and for their reputation for developing point guards. She was one of six children the first person in her family to go to college.
Staley was a basketball coach at Temple University. Her team at Temple won many games and got to play in the NCAA tournaments for eight years.

Staley came to coach at the University of South Carolina in the 2007-2008 season. The South Carolina women's basketball team was not very popular. Staley helped them win their first national championship in 2017. The team's really good season in 2020 was ended by the COVID-19 Pandemic.

In 2021, Staley signed a seven-year contract with the South Carolina Gamecocks. She earns a $1 million US base salary. She will also receive $1.9 million US every subsequent year which will grow by $100,000 every year. She can also get up to $680,000 in incentive bonuses. If Staley leaves without reason, she would pay the school 5 million. If the school fired her without reason, they would owe her 3 million dollars. Staley believes that the 22.4 million dollars will help equalize women's and men's pay in basketball. She is now the highest paid black women's basketball coach, and one of the highest paid basketball coaches. Staley also passed Louisiana State University coach Kim Mulkey making her the highest paid coach in the Southeastern Conference.

Sayyida al-Hurra

Sayyida al-Hurra (Arabic: السيدة الحرة‎), real name Lalla Aicha bint Ali ibn Rashid al-Alami, Hakimat Titwan (Arabic: عائشة بنت علي بن رشيد العلمي‎) (1485 – 14 July 1561) was a pirate queen.

Al-Hurra lived in the early 1500’s. She managed to control the Western half of the Mediterranean for well over 30 years. She was born into a wealthy Muslim family. Her birth name was believed to be Aicha. Her family was chased out of Granada to Morocco during the Spanish Reconquista. She and her family then settled in Tetouán. Her first husband was the Sultan Al-Mandri. She had herself immediately named governer of Tetouán, after he died. She was bestowed the title Al-Hurra. This was a symbol of respect and power. She then married the King of Morocco. This was the only time in Islamic history a king traveled outside his country for his wedding. Spain and Portugal were worried about this. It seemed like a threat, as this alliance would be extremely strong. Iberians attacked Al-Hurra’s land. She became a pirate to defend her country and stop them. She made an alliance with the dreaded pirate Barabarossa, or Red Beard. He used his fleet to ferry refugees away from the fighting. Al-Hurra terrorized Spanish and Portuguese ships. She became known and feared across the Mediterranean. She was known for taking hostages and being extremely merciless. The Spanish feared her and prayed for a miracle. The Portuguese “prayed for God to allow them to see her hanged from a ship’s mast”. She was categorized as aggressive and bad-tempered. Al-Hurra became one of the richer pirates of her time. She still managed to maintain a consistent alliance with Red Beard. Her demise came after over 30 years of sailing. Her son-in-law usurped her power and throne. He also stole her wealth. She lived in her childhood home in Morocco until her death. She died at age 75. Sayyida Al-Hurra’s legacy lives on today. In European writing she is known as the fearsome Pirate Queen of the Mediterranean.

2020 AFC Solidarity Cup

The 2020 AFC Solidarity Cup was planned to be the 2nd AFC Solidarity Cup, a football tournament organized by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).

On 10 September 2020, AFC announced that the tournament would be cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In May 2019, it was rescheduled once more to March 2020.

Nepal were the previous champions.

The tournament would have had 8 teams. The teams that could qualify were:

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


Duke (album)

Duke is the tenth studio album by English progressive rock band Genesis. The album was released on March 24, 1980 through Atlantic Records and was their first album to got to number 1 in the United Kingdom.

A Walk in the Sun (1945 movie)

A Walk in the Sun is a 1945 American World War II drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the novel by Harry Brown. It stars Dana Andrews, John Ireland, Richard Conte, George Tyne, Lloyd Bridges, Norman Lloyd, Sterling Holloway, Herbert Rudley, Chris Drake, Richard Benedict and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Bisa Butler

Bisa Butler (born Mailissa Yamba Butler in 1973) is an American artist. She makes quilts. Her quilts are a new style that no one has made before. They look like paintings. Her method is changing how other people make quilts. The Smithsonian, the Art Institute of Chicago, The Museum of Fine Art, and many other museums have Butler’s quilts. She is now making a new group of quilts for the Smithsonian Museums. Magazine and book publishers also hired Butler to make quilts for their covers. Butler made quilts for the fronts of Time magazine, Essence, Juxtapoz, and Tarana Burke's memoir. Many other newspapers and magazines have written stories about Butler. Forbes, Vogue, The Wall Street Journal, Smithsonian Magazine, CBS, NBC, and National Public Radio have all written about her. Oprah Winfrey Network (OWN) also showed her quilts.

Butler was born in 1973 to a Ghanan father and a mother from New Orleans. Her mother was raised in Morocco. Butler learned about quilting and fabric from her mother and grandmother.

Butler attended Howard University. She studied painting. Butler discovered that painting was not her favorite art.

She then got her graduate degree from Montclair State University in New Jersey. Her first quilted portrait was of her grandparents.

Butler's quilts are portraits of Black Americans. Butler finds old photographs and makes quilts based on them. She quilts both famous people and unknown people. She wants to tell the experience of Twentieth Century Black Americans.

Her quilts are very colorful. She uses colors to describe the personalities of the people she is quilting. Many of the fabrics Butler uses come from Ghana. The quilts are also very complex. Butler spends hundreds of hours to make one quilt.

Butler taught high school art in Elizabeth, New Jersey until 2018. Butler rejected an invitation to exhibit her quilts in Switzerland. She did not want to leave her students during their school year. She made quilts to sell at art fairs.

While she was teaching Butler created her famous quilt: “Safety Patrol”. “Safety Patrol” was based on a photo by Charles “Teenie” Harris.

Butler sold quilts through the Claire Oliver Gallery in New York.

In 2018 Butler participated in art fairs which included Expo Chicago. For the Expo Chicago she made a special quilt titled “Southside Sunday Morning”. "Southside Sunday Morning" was based on Russell Lee's 1941 photograph called "Negro Boys on Easter Morning." Erica Warren, from the Art Institute of Chicago, saw Butler's quilts at the Expo Chicago. Warren decided to exhibit Butler's work at the Art Institute of Chicago Museum. Warren bought "Saftey Patrol."

Her first solo museum exhibit was the Katonah Museum of Art. It was supposed to open in early 2020. "Bisa Butler: Portraits" was postponed by the COVID-19 Pandemic. It finally opened on July 26, 2020. Most of the quilts for that exhibit were based on photos from the 1930s and 1940s.

"Bisa Butler: Portraits" moved to the Art Institute of Chicago in February, 2021. Her exhibit was extended to last until September 6th, 2021.

Butler admires the work of Romare Bearden, Gordon Parks, Faith Ringgold, Barbara Jones Hogu, and the AfriCOBRA movement. Their art inspires her art.

Butler lives in New Jersey with her husband, John Butler. John Butler is a professional deejay. He helps Butler pick songs that go with her quilts. They have used songs from many musicians, including Tupac Shakur, Muddy Waters, Mahalia Jackson, and Jill Scott.

Katy Pyle

Katy Pyle is an American Ballet dancer. As a child, Pyle was told they were too strong to dance as a girl. They also never met a lesbian ballet dancer. Pyle wants more people to feel welcome in dance. They want to help people find happiness in dance. They created the dance company Ballez. Ballez is a place for people who are underrepresented in ballet. They are also the creator and choreographer of Sleeping Beauty and the Beast, and Giselle of Loneliness.

Pyle was a ballet student in 1990. They identify as a genderqueer lesbian. They use they/them pronouns. A Ballet teacher told them that they would have a better career if they were a boy. Because they wanted to dance in a way that was “more masculine.” Ballet is often divided by gender. Pyle felt a lack of representation. They felt confused about their identity.

Pyle researched queer ballet dancers. Pyle was inspired by the people they learned about. Bronislava Nijinska was a ballet choreographer. Nijinska created the ballet Les Bitches. Pyle felt happy and mad. They were happy because there were people like them. They were sad because these people were made invisible.

Sarah Thomas

Sarah Thomas ( Bailey; born September 21, 1973) is an American football referee for the National Football League (NFL). Thomas is the first woman to be a permanent NFL official. Thomas is breaking gender barriers around her career. Thomas was the first woman to officiate the Super Bowl. She refereed the Super Bowl in Tampa, Florida, in 2021.

Sarah Thomas was raised in Pascagoula Mississippi. She and her brother played sports. She received a scholarship for basketball at the University of Mobile. Thomas was recorded 5th best in the school for her excellence in basketball. Her statistics over five seasons: 779 points, 411 rebounds, 108 assists, and 192 steals. Thomas was titled Academic All-American at Mobile. She aided her team get to the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics Tournament. Thomas got a degree in communications and graduated Mobile in 1995.

Thomas was interested in becoming a Football official after college. She went with her older brother to his officiating meeting. She started being an official for grade school, and then high schools in 1999. Thomas officiated a high school state championship game in Mississippi, 2007. Joe Henes, who is a retired official told Gerry Austin, a supervisor of Conference USA’s officials about Thomas and her ability to officiate. Joe Henes recommended she start officiating college football. Austin looked into her skill set and hired Thomas. This made her the first woman to officiate a major college game.

She started working for the NFL in 2015. 

Thomas has good communication skills. She can talk to coaches. She listens to the coach when they are questioning the call. She calms them down. Coaches are confident about her abilities.

Gertrude Joyce Cran Barry

Gertrude Joyce Cran Barry (1900-1964) was a Scottish lacrosse and field hockey player who lived in the United States. She was inducted into the USA Field Hockey Hall of Fame in 1963. She was inducted into the Scotland Lacrosse Hall of Fame in 2015. She was the founder of CRANBARRY Equipment Company. This was the United State’s first equipment company for women’s lacrosse. 

Barry came to the United States to teach at a field hockey camp in 1925. She then became a Physical Training Instructor at Wellesley College. Barry figured out that field hockey was bad for posture due to the form of the arched back, and that lacrosse is good for posture because players are running upright. This further promoted more women to play lacrosse.

In 1931, she became the United States Women's Lacrosse Association's (USWLA) first president. She held this role for four years. Barry helped organize the USWLA's first national tournament in 1933 in Greenwich, Connecticut. In 1947 she established CRANBARRY Equipment Company. In 1950 she chaired the U.S. Team Selection Committee.

Joyce Cran Barry became the second woman inducted into the US Hall of Fame (besides Margaret Boyd) in 1993. In 1934, a prediction was made by the leaders of New York Women’s Lacrosse Association that lacrosse would be more popular than field hockey. 

Cecilia Alvares

Cecilia Concepcion Alvarez is an American Latina artist. Her work thinks about gender.

Cecilia Alvarez was born April 15, 1950 in National City, California. Jeorge Guillermo Alvarez and Cecilia Alejandra Diego de Alvarez are her parents. Alvarez grew up on the San Diego-Tijuana border. She moved to Canada, and then to Seattle in 1975.

Alvarez attended San Diego State University. She studied sociology. Alvarez later quit university to support her family.

Alvarez is a self taught artist. She makes paintings and public murals. She is part of The Guerrilla Girls art group.

Alvarez expresses her life experiences through her art. She brings light to silenced voices, she highlights journeys that others overlook. Her art redefines femininity, beauty, and power. She aims to help youth understand the complex topics of our world. Alvarez celebrates her culture and femininity in her art. Her artwork provokes visual conversations.

Susan La Flesche Picotte

Dr. Susan La Flesche Picotte (1865-1915) was the first Native American woman to go to medical school in the United States of America. She graduated as a very skilled doctor and valedictorian of her class, but her rights were still restricted.

La Flesche grew up with seven other siblings, her mother, and her father. Her father was a very important figure in her life and inspired her to be more than what she looked like, and to strive for the best. She decided she wanted to be a doctor after a lady died in front of her because a white man didn’t check on her. This made her want to become a doctor and help fight the racial inequalities this world was made out of.

She went to a med school for women in Pennsylvania and graduated very successfully. She was not allowed to vote being a woman and was not allowed to become a US citizen being an Indian. In Addition, Indians were lower class than whites.

Alice Cunningham Fletcher was very kind and helpful despite the racial discrimination. Fletcher helped solicit donations so that she could start her education. Fletcher was a women's rights activist and made a huge impact on La Flesche.

Yun Suknam

Yun Suk-nam (born 1939) is a Korean feminist painter and activist. She co-founded October Group (Simwolmoim) in 1985. The October Group is a feminist collective. She worked with other women artists from Korea. Yun collaborated with Kim Dijinsook and Kim Insoon in 1986. They produced an exhibition, called From Half to One. It talked about women’s issues. Mother’s Eye was one of Yun’s earliest exhibitions. It was made of rotting wood scraps. She said that the texture was similar to wrinkled skin. The softness represented her mother. Yun received the Joon-Sup Lee award. She was the first woman to get the award. She earned the Prime Minister’s Prize for Women’s Development in 1997. Yun’s paintings and exhibitions include Seedling of Lights (1997), Pink Room (1997), and To Be Lengthened (2003).

Yun Suk-nam is from Manchuria. She was the third child out of six. Yun Beknam was her father. Won Jeungsook was her mother. Yun Beknam founded the first Western theater in Korea. He was a movie director, producer, newspaper writer and historical novelist. Her father died in 1954. Her mother became a street vendor to support the family. They moved back to Korea after the Japanese occupation ended.

Yun worked at Korean Electrical Company for four years. She went to Sungkyunkwan University in Seoul. She studied English literature. Yun had to drop out after two years (1959-1962) because her family didn't have enough money. She then married and had children.

Yun was questioning her self-identity. She was only a mother and a wife. She became an artist at forty years old. She moved to New York City to learn about printmaking and drawing at the Pratt Institute Graphic Center. She joined the Pratt and the Arts League in the early 1980s.

Yun Suknam admires her mother for being strong and independent. Yun learned that being poor isn't something to be ashamed about. The subject of her first paintings was her mother. It was her mother’s determination and sacrifice that let them overcome poverty. Yun paints women fighters who fought for independence from Japanese occupation. She started using chaesaekwa in 2011, when she was around 70. She saw a self-portrait of a Joseon time period painter, Yun Duseo and was inspired. Jeong Jeonghwa was an independence activist who she painted. Yun depicted women who were not known, but did substantial actions. Yun focuses on the subject’s eyes. She makes them strong, fierce, and staring at the audience. She says this gives them life.

Rebecca Meyers

Rebecca Meyers (born November 20, 1994) is a Paralympic swimmer. She is blind and deaf. She has seven world records. Meyers swam in the Paralympics three times. She has also gotten many awards.

Meyers was born on November 20, 1994. She has Usher Syndrome.

Meyers started swimming in 2000. She was six when she started swimming.

Meyers went to Franklin & Marshall College. She studied world history.

Meyers' best swimming events are 50, 100, and 400 meter freestyle. She also swims the 100 meter Butterfly. Meyers also swims the 200 meter IM (Intermediate Medley) and the 100 meter breaststroke.

Meyers been to the Paralympics three times. She has gone to world championships in 2013, 2015, 2017, and 2019. She has 10 world championship medals. She has gotten 6 gold, 3 silver, and 3 bronze medals from the Paralympics.

Meyers got the Swimming Trischa L. Zorn award in 2016, 2018, and 2019. She received the ESPY award in 2015 and 2017. Meyers also got the USADSF award.

Marly Gallardo

Marly Gallardo is an Ecuadorian illustrator. She creates digital art for organizations like The New York Times, the United Nations, Apple, and others. Her art is magical realism. She was a winner.

Gallardo was born in Ecuador. Her family came to the United States. They lived in Jersey City. Her parents spoke Spanish at home. They wanted her to remember Spanish. Gallardo saw art as a bridge between English and Spanish. Whenever she forgot a word she used art to communicate. 

Gallardo spent her childhood in her parent's restaurant. There were many drawings and paintings there. Before she could write her grandmother would say what groceries they needed. Gallardo would draw a list. She later went on to art school. At first she was a painter. She could not afford expensive paints. Then she started experimenting with Adobe Illustrator. She became a digital illustrator. She received a bachelor degree in fine arts from the Rhode Island School of Design.

Gallardo has done illustration work for The New York Times, the United Nations, Microsoft, Adobe, Apple and Netflix, and other organizations. She teaches at the Rhode Island School of Design.

Her art style is magical realism. She likes the Latin American influence. Her work includes ideas from folklore and Ecuadoran crafts. She draws a picture with a pencil on paper. Then she uses Adobe Illustrator to continue making the picture.

2020 


2019 


2018


2017 


2016 


Crystal Wahpepah

Crystal Wahpepah is an indigenous American chef. She was the first indigenous chef on the cooking program Chopped. Wahpepah has a Native American woman owned catering business. She opened her own restaurant with to reclaim Native American cuisine. She received the Indigenous Artist Activist Award.
Wahpepah was born and raised in Oakland, California. She is a member of the Kickapoo, Sac, and Fox tribes from Oklahoma. As a child, she cooked with her older relatives.

Wahpepah loves cooking. She attended the Le Cordon Bleu cooking school. She studied French cooking. In 2010, she got a place at a program that helps women of color start food-related businesses.

She opened a catering business. Large companies like Google and Facebook have hired her to cook. Even though the San Francisco Bay Area had many kinds of chefs, there were no indigenous food restaurants. She traveled around the United States and learned more about Native farming and cooking. Eventually she opened her own restaurant.

Neuf-Berquin

Neuf-Berquin (; from ) is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,248 people lived in the commune.


Zuytpeene

Zuytpeene is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 516 people lived there.


Raphael Hofer

Raphael Hofer (born 14 February 2003) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Liefering. He also played for the U19 of FC Salzburg in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22.
He started his career with SV Mauerkirchen and then with SV Ried. In 2016 he went on to FC Red Bull Salzburg. He played for the Red Bull Academy in all three stages. In 2021 he went on to FC Liefering. He played his first match for Liefering in July 2021 where got subbed on for Forson Amankwah in the 89th minute. For the 2023/24 season he was loaned to FC Blau-Weiß Linz.

Naves, Nord

Naves () is a commune in Nord in north France. In January 2020, 627 people lived there.


Nijinsky (movie)

Nijinsky is a 1980 American biographical drama movie directed by Herbert Ross and starring Alan Bates, Leslie Browne, George de la Peña, Carla Fracci, Ronald Pickup, Ronald Lacey, Vernon Dobtcheff, Frederick Jaeger, Jeremy Irons, Siân Phillips. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Hanger Lane

Hanger Lane is a major road in Ealing, London. Most of the road forms the most west part of the A406 North Circular Road. Hanger Lane runs north from the A4020 Uxbridge Road at Ealing Common to the A40 Western Avenue at the Hanger Lane gyratory. This busy junction has the Hanger Lane Underground station in the middle of it. That station serves the Central line. Hanger Lane continues north along the A4005 to Vicar's Bridge and the border with Alperton in the London Borough of Brent.

The road takes its name from Hanger Hill, which is also the name of the area around it. The name comes from the Old English word "hangra", meaning a wooded slope.

Child's Play (1972 movie)

Child's Play is a 1972 American mystery drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1970 play of the same name by Robert Marasco. It stars James Mason, Robert Preston, Beau Bridges, David Rounds, Kate Harrington, Tom Leopold, Christopher Man, Paul O'Keefe and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Chiapas truck crash

On 9 December 2021, a traffic collision occurred in Chiapas, southern Mexico. A truck which contained about 180 migrants - most of whom were Guatemalans - was being driven to the United States. It crashed into a bridge, killing at least 54 of its occupants.

Spatalla confusa

Spatalla confusa is a flower-bearing shrub that belongs to the genus Spatalla and forms part of the fynbos. The plant is native to the Western Cape where it occurs in the Cederberg up to the Hottentots Holland Mountains, Swartberg and Kammanassie Mountains.

Plectrohyla lacertosa

The pop-eyed spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla lacertosa") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have only seen it in two places, both in the Sierra Madre mountains in Chiapas. They saw it 1000 to 2134 meters above sea level.

MegaRace 3

MegaRace 3 is a 2002 racing/vehicular combat video game Cryo Interactive made for Windows and the PlayStation 2. "MegaRace 3" is the third "MegaRace" game, after "MegaRace" and "MegaRace 2", and the first one with full 3D graphics. Christian Erickson plays Lance Boyle, the host.

Microïds, Cryo Interactive's owner, released the game again on GOG.com on 2 June 2009.


Tornado outbreak of December 10–11, 2021

A severe weather and tornado outbreak happened between December 10 and 11, 2021. In the outbreak, there were 71 tornadoes involved, along with severe thunderstorms traveled across the U.S. states of Missouri, Arkansas, Kentucky, Illinois and Tennessee.

Across Kentucky, Missouri, Tennessee and Illinois, the tornado sequence carved a path of 166 miles. It was the longest tornado since 1925 Tri-State tornado. The starting report on several tornadoes is that they were EF4. 

89 people were confirmed killed by the outbreak. The Governor of Kentucky (at that time) stated that beyond seventy people might have been killed in the state alone.

1953 Vicksburg tornado

A strong tornado struck Vicksburg, Mississippi and areas nearby during the evening of December 5, 1953. The storm ran through the city at right after 5:30 pm that Saturday evening. The event killed 38 people. It was then the fourth deadliest tornado in the history of the state. It also injured almost 270. Damage totaled $25 million at the time.

The tornado that went through Vicksburg was estimated officially as an F5. That rating, however, is questionable. That's because the property destroyed was frail and weak. Some people call this tornado likely an F4 instead of an F5.

John Comyn III

John Comyn III (1274-1306) was a Scottish noble killed in 1306 by Robert the Bruce as Comyn was a rival for the throne.

On 10 February 1306 at Greyfriars in Dumfries, Scotland. Comyn was murdered by Robert the Bruce and Roger de Kirkpatrick, due to Comyn claiming the throne due to his claim that he is descended from a previous Scottish king, Donald III (r. 1093-1094, 1094-1097).

Selbitz

Selbitz is a town in Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 12 km west of Hof.

Sparneck

Sparneck is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

The market town of Sparneck is at an average height of in the Pfarrbach valley, which makes the larger part of the area. The Saxon Saale river flows through this valley in a north direction. Towards the east the 877 metre high Waldstein ridge rises, the source of the Saale is on its slopes. It forms the natural boundary with the neighbouring district of Wunsiedel.

Stammbach

Stammbach is a market town and municipality in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Töpen

Töpen is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Trogen, Bavaria

Trogen is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

Trogen is in between hills in a valley.
The Town is about six kilometers northeast of the county seat Hof (Saale) on the Bundesautobahn 72 (junction 3 Hof / Töpen), and Bundesautobahn 93 (junction 2 Hof-East) and the federal highway B173. 
The community is in the Bavarian part of Vogtland. It is part of the district of Hof and thus also of the administrative region of Upper Franconia ("Oberfranken"). 
The neighboring village Feilitzsch is only a few hundred meters away from Trogen.

Arizona Bushwhackers

Arizona Bushwhackers is a 1968 American western movie directed by Lesley Selander and starring Howard Keel, Yvonne De Carlo, John Ireland, Scott Brady, Marilyn Maxwell, Montie Montana. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

King Fib

King Fib (c. 822 BCE - c. 691 BCE) was King of Fib, allegedly for 24 years, from 715 BCE until 691 BCE

Round and Round the Garden

Round and round the garden is a nursery rhyme for infants and toddlers. Usualy it is accompanied by fingerplay, such as touching and tickling. 

The version given by "The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes" is:

This rhyme is probably fairly recent. 

The rhyme was first collected in Britain in the late 1940s. Since teddy bears were not common before the twentieth century it is likely fairly recent in its current form. Iona and Peter Opie suggest that it is probably a version of an older rhyme, "Round about there":

Batticaloa (disambiguation)

Batticaloa may refer to:


Plectrohyla teuchestes

The Alta Verapaz spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla teuchestes") is a frog that lives in Guatemala. Scientists have only seen it in one place. It was in the Sierra de Xucaneb in eastern Guatemala at 1000 meters above sea level.

Cinderella effect

Cinderella effect is the name for a phenomenon found in psychology: Child abuse and mistreatment is more common in families with stepparents. 

It is named after the fairy tale Cinderella, where a girl gets mistreated by her stepsisters and stepmother. Psychologists think this shows a bias towards kin. A person has fewer incentives to invest in a child that is not his or her direct offspring. 

P.D. Scott first used the term Cinderella effect, in a study he did in 1973: He studied 29 cases of babies who were beaten to death in anger; he found that in 15 cases, the baby's stepfather was the killer.

Bestgore.com

bestgore.com was a Canadian shock site owned by Mark Marek. The website was founded in 2008 and went defunct in 2020.

The site received media attention in 2012 for a video depicting the murder of Jun Lin committed by Luka Magnotta. As a result, the owner Marek was arrested and charged.

Clara Cannucciari

Clara Cannucciari (née Bonfanti; August 18, 1915 – November 29, 2013) hosted the web series "Great Depression Cooking with Clara" and wrote the book "Clara's Kitchen".

Clara was born in Melrose Park, Illinois on August 18, 1915 to Giuseppe and Giuseppina Bonfanti, who recently moved from Sicily. The family had a bad life during the Great Depression, but ended up safe and healthy because Giuseppina made their meals last longer.

In 2007, her grandson Christopher started making the web series "Great Depression Cooking with Clara", in which she made those meals. She retired shortly after her 96th birthday. Their last video, Fried Fish, was posted on April 18, 2019. On March 25, 2020, Christopher said he would start uploading more videos of Clara.

Clara died on November 29, 2013 at 98 years old. Her daughter-in-law, four grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren were still alive.


Holy Family (Amisani)

Holy family (also known as Sacra famiglia) is a 20th-century painted in oil by the Italian painter Giuseppe Amisani. He painted it in 1910. It is part of the collection at the beginning of the Carrara Academy and then acquired of the Museum of Galleria d'arte moderna e contemporanea (Bergamo) in Bergamo, Italy.



The Model of Villa Cedri (Amisani)

The Model of Villa Cedri (also known as La Modella di Villa Cedri) is a 20th-century painted in oil by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani. He painted it in 1920. It is part of the collection of the Museum of Civic Museum of Villa Cedri in Bellinzona, Swiss.



Pussy

Pussy could mean:

City block

A city block is a block of houses, in a built up area. Usually, it is delimited by roads, pathways, or by geographical features, such as a railway line or a river. It consists of several land lots which are directly next to each other, and usually privately owned. 

A city block is a typical form of inner-city design. Commonly, multi-storey apartment buildings, semi-detatched houses, office blocks, or mixed-use houses make up the elements of a city block. As all the houses touch each other, this is known as a closed form.

In the suburbs, there is more space, and the buildings don't usually touch each other. This is known as an open form.

In Europe, cities have grown over centuries, and their layout is different from that of a planned city. As a result, the city block in a planned city also looks different.

The design of city blocks started with the emergence of cities, in the Middle Ages. Medieval Hanseatic cities already used city blocks. The design can also be found in baroque inner cities, such as the Dutch Quarter in Potsdam. It is typical of absolutist urban development and the tenement districts of major German cities that were built after 1870 during the Wilhelminian era. In response to the housing shortage of the 1920s, housing associations built apartment blocks with large courtyards and small apartments. At the same time, however, city planners were also looking for alternatives to the perimeter block development that was common at the time. What they did was build blocks perpendicular to the road; they would then build footpaths as access. This has the benefit that all apartments get the same amount of sunshine. It has the drawback, that larger arrangements look monontonus.This kind of city planning was widespread during the reconstruction of Germany after the Second World War, in the 1950s and 1960s. Another benefit of this model is that neighborhoods have a better airflow.

During the Middle Ages, city blocks were often simply chaining buildings, in an unplanned way.

Even in antiquity , there were planned cities. Examples of this are the city of Miletus, or the model of a Roman city, which both used a regular grid layout. During the Baroque era, citty planning was common: Cities were planned with big geometric layouts, later they were divided into different land lots, before being built.

City blocks are also used for collecting statistical data on the population structure . When visualizing 3D city models, people oftenuse simplified solid bodies that are supposed to correspond to "the real building blocks."

Acrolite

The Acrolite is a series of Canadian amateur-build aircraft. preduced by Acrolite aircraft. Its first flight was in October of 1986.


Poeciliidae

The Poeciliidae are a family of fish of the order Cyprinodontiformes, the tooth-carps. They live in fresh water. Many live-bearing aquarium fish, such as the guppy, molly, platy, and swordtail are in Poeciliidae. These fish are from the United States to north of Río de la Plata, Argentina, and Africa, including Madagascar. Human beings took these fish to many other parts of the world and set them free there, so they have become invasive species. Today, poeciliid fish live in all tropical and subtropical parts of planet Earth. People have seen fish in the genuses "Poecilia" and "Gambusia" in hot spring pools as far north as Banff, Alberta in Canada.

Although all fish in Poeciliidae are called "live bearers" (viviparous), some species do lay eggs with external fertilization. All African fish in Poeciliidae lay eggs. Almost all the American Poeciliidae bear live young (except for fish in the genus "Tomeurus").

Poeciliidae has three subfamilies. The fish in subfamily Aplocheilichthyinae live only in Africa. Most Poeciliinae live in the Americas (except for "Rhexipanchax", which lives in Africa). Most fish in Procatopodinae live in Africa ("Fluviphylax" and "Pseudopoecilia" live in South America). Scientists say this means the ancestors of Poeciliidae fish the split between Africa and South America 100 million years ago, and that fish that went to South America evolved to bear live young after they got there. Poeciliids came to North America through the Antilles. They were able to do this because the Antilles and North America were connected 44 million years ago. Poeciliids then moved to Central America by the Aves land bridge on the Caribbean Plate. When South America connected to Central America three million years ago, some of the fish moved further south, but South American species did not move north into Central America.

The live-bearing species fish can be different from each other depending on how much the mother fish does for the developing larvae. Many fish in the family Poeciliidae are lecithotrophic (the mother provisions the oocyte with all the resources it needs prior to fertilization, so the egg is independent of the mother), but others are matrotrophic ("mother feeding": the mother provides the majority of resources to the developing offspring after fertilization). Lecithotrophy and matrotrophy are not always completely separate. Most scientific studies use a matrotrophy index (MI) to say how matrotrophic an animal is. This uses the dry mass of fully developed offspring (how much they weigh when they are not wet) divided by the dry mass of a fertilized egg.

Fish in the genus "Poeciliopsis", for example, have many different adaptations. "Poeciliopsis monacha", "P. lucida", and "P. prolifica" are part of the same group in that genus. However, they have three different ways of helping baby fish: "P. monacha" is lecithotrophic because it does not give its babies any resources after fertilization. The mother fish swims around with her eggs in a sac but that is all. "P. lucida" shows a middle level of matrotrophy. This means that the eggs's metabolism can change the mother's metabolism, so some food chemicals go back and forth. "P. prolifica" is very matrotrophic. The mother fish gives the eggs almost all of the food chemicals they need after fertilization. This level of matrotrophy allows "Poeciliopsis" to carry several groups of eggs that were start at different times. This is called superfetation.

Because the mother fish only has so much space in her body for developing embryos, viviparity reduces brood size. Superfetation can compensate for this loss by keeping embryos at various stages and sizes during development.

"P. elongata", "P. turneri", and "P. presidionis" form an outgroup to the "P. monacha", "P.lucida", and "P. prolifica" group. These three fish are very matrotrophic. In 1947, C. L. Turner said the follicular cells of "P. turneri" were "pseudo-placenta, pseudo-chorion, and pseudo-allantois." The greater degree of matrotrophy in a species is linked with a higher degree of placentation, including "a thicker maternal follicle, higher degree of vascularization, and greater number of villi in the placenta."

Scientists argue about why Poeciliid fish developed to give their young eggs food chemicals inside their bodies. There are two groups of ideas, adaptive hypotheses and conflict hypotheses. Adaptive ideas, including the locomotor hypothesis, Trexler-DeAngelis Model (reproductive allotment), and life-history facilitation, say that the fish's placenta evolved to help another advantage to evolve. The conflict hypothesis says the placenta is a nonadaptive byproduct of genetic tug-of-war between the mother and the eggs. 
The family has the following subfamilies and tribes:



David Stewart, Duke of Rothesay

David Stewart (1378-1402) was a Scottish politician who made himself unpopular in the late 1390s, and was imprisoned in Falkland Palace in early 1402 and died that year under mysterious circumstances.

Ferengi

The Ferengi are a fictional group of space people on "Star Trek". They first appeared in "" in 1987. They are also in "" and "".

The Ferengi are shorter than humans. They have bald heads, large ears and small teeth. They have noses with deep ridges in them. Most Ferengi are played by short actors in heavy makeup.

Many male Ferengi characters wear colorful clothes and some have hats that cover the backs of their heads but not the tops of their heads.

The Ferengi have a very Capitalist culture. Ferengi think greed is good. In the Ferengi culture, men are supposed to gain wealth. There is a saying: "A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all." Money, payment, and contracts are a big part of life. For example, a guest in a house can be charged admission.

The Ferengi home planet is called Ferenginar. The capital city has a Tower of Commerce that holds the leader's office. The leader of the Ferengi is called the Grand Nagus. The Ferengi call themselves "The Ferengi Alliance," not "Empire" or "Federation."

Ferengi culture is very male-dominated. Women are not supposed to wear clothes or appear in public. During the "Deep Space Nine" run, a Ferengi feminist named Ishka becomes the Grand Nagus's chief financial advisor. She helps Ferengi women gain more rights.

In the "Deep Space Nine" episode "Little Green Men," three characters talk about the Ferengi afterlife. It has reincarnation. Ferengi believe that if they have lived well, they will bid on new lives, like in an auction. If they have lived badly, they will go to the Vault of Eternal Destitution.

Ferengi characters on "Star Trek" often say the Rules of Acquisition. They are similar to proverbs. They are about how to get (acquire) wealth. Some of the Rules are "War is good for business," "Peace is good for business," "Never have sex with the boss' sister," and "Greed is eternal." There are 285 Rules of Acquisition.

The word "Ferengi" comes from the Persian word for "foreigner," usually a Westerner. The "Star Trek" writers wanted a race of people they could use to tell stories about capitalism and 20th and 21st century Western culture.

The first idea for the Ferengi was that they would be the main enemy aliens in "Star Trek: The Next Generation", but they were not scary enough. After that, the writers used the Ferengi for comic relief, to tell the funny parts of their stories.

Some critics have said the Ferengi are too much like stereotypes of Jews.

There are five very important Ferengi characters in Star Trek, and all of them appear in "Deep Space Nine":


List of Tom and Jerry feature movies

This is a list of feature length movies were based on of the "Tom and Jerry" franchise, a comedy movie franchise based on the short series of the same name. All of the movies were ongoing produced for 1-18 to upcoming related of future direct-to-video and theatrical feature length entries was since 1992. 
In this movie, Tom and Jerry work together with Sherlock Holmes to stop Professor Moriarty from stealing the Crown Jewels during a Solar Eclipse.



Renee Schonfeld of Common Sense Media rated it 3 out of 5 stars, saying "By blending solid new musical numbers with the old Oz favorites and including inventive new characters, Spike Brandt, Tony Cerone, and company have made this sequel funny and original."

Tom and Jerry: Cowboy Up! is an upcoming 2022 animated direct-to-video movie starring Tom and Jerry, produced by Warner Bros. Animation. 

Tom and Jerry: Snowman's Land is an upcoming 2022 animated direct-to-video movie starring Tom and Jerry, produced by Warner Bros. Animation. 

Tom and Jerry: Runaway Vacation is an upcoming 2024 animated direct-to-video movie starring Tom and Jerry, produced by Warner Bros. Animation. 

Tom and Jerry: Stay Haunted is an upcoming 2024 animated direct-to-video movie starring Tom and Jerry, produced by Warner Bros. Animation. 


Tom and Jerry 2

Tom and Jerry 2 is an upcoming American live action/animated slapstick comedy film starring Tom and Jerry, produced by Warner Animation Group.

Aubigny-au-Bac

Aubigny-au-Bac () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,172 people lived there.


Aubry-du-Hainaut

Aubry-du-Hainaut () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,706 people lived there.


Auby

Auby () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 7,256 people lived there.


Auchy-lez-Orchies

Auchy-lez-Orchies () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,509 people lived there.


Audignies

Audignies () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 369 people lived there.


Amy Chu

Amy Chu is a Chinese American comic writer. She started comic writing at 45 after a surprising career path. The comic industry was mostly men when Chu started. But, she has shown that women can be successful in comics too. Chu has worked for DC and Marvel. She is a role model in many ways.

Amy Chu was born in Iowa. She is Chinese American. She was one of the only Asian kids in town. Because of this, she didn’t feel like she belonged. She was never interested in comics. Her dream growing up was to be a physicist. In interviews, she says she was very nerdy. Chu was on the chess team and the math team. She wanted to play on the soccer team, too. However, Chu’s school did not have a team for girls. They also would not let her play on the boys’ team. So, her parents sued and won. But even though she was finally on the soccer team, other teams would not play with her.

Chu lives in Princeton, New Jersey now. She is a mother of two children. They play soccer. She likes to shop, play video games, and have fun with Legos. She also enjoys drinking coffee and whiskey.

Chu was part of a joint program with MIT and Wellesley. She was one of the only women doing it. She got a degree in Architecture. She also got a degree in East Asian Studies. Later on in her life, Chu went to Harvard Business School. Years later, she took a course in creative/comic writing.

Chu did graphic design jobs in college. Later, she took on consulting jobs. She even had a job in Hong Kong. In Hong Kong she worked at the Macau tourism office. Pansy Ho was her boss. Chu went back to America to go to business school. She then was a real consultant. She worked for biotech companies. Chu reunited with Georgia Lee. Lee was an old friend of Chu. She also graduated from Harvard. Lee made films. She also wrote scripts for television. Lee asked for Chu’s help. She wanted to start a company. Lee wanted to encourage girls to be interested in comics. Comics are often just for boys. The company would change that. Chu agreed. They co-founded Alpha Girls Comics together. Chu decided to take a class in comic writing. She was the only female taking the class. It did not feel like she was welcome. But, people loved the stories she wrote. Soon Chu became a professional comic book writer. She went on to work for big name companies like DC and Marvel.

Maude Abbott

Maude Elizabeth Seymour Abbott (March 18, 1869-1940) was a Canadian pediatrician and cardiologist. Abbott was one of the first experts in congenital heart disease. Many people considered her the top expert in the world during her lifetime. She studied and documented the hearts from cyanotic patients. Abbott developed the international classification system for congenital heart disease. She recorded it in her "Atlas of Congenital Heart Disease". Her work made it possible for medical researchers to start treating heart disease in the later Twentieth century.

Maude Abbott was born in St. Andrews East, Quebec. She was abandoned by her father at a young age. Her mother died from tuberculosis when she was young. Maude Abbott and her sister, Alice, were adopted by her 62 year old grandmother.

Maude Abbott got a Bachelor of Arts at McGill University. She graduated in 1890. She was one of the first women to get a Bachelor of Arts at McGill University. 

Abbott wanted to be a doctor. McGill would not let women into the medical school. Abbott ran a public campaign trying to be allowed to study there. She wrote letters to the faculty. The school would not let her in. 

So Abbott went to Bishop’s College for medical school. She was the only woman at the school. Both students and teachers there were angry to have a woman studying medicine. Many people there were mean to her and made her studies very difficult. She worked hard anyway. She won the senior anatomy award and her excellent work earned her the chancellor's prize. She graduated in 1894.

After she graduated college, she went to London and Vienna for two years to study. Many colleagues and teachers thought she did good work. She dreamed of teaching at McGill.

Abbott returned to Canada to work at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Montreal. She started researching cardiology. Dr. George Adami, the Chair of Pathology at McGill University was very impressed with her work. He made her the Assistant Curator of the McGill Medical Museum. Three years later, in 1901, she became the full curator of the museum. The museum was a collection of anatomical samples, which means it was body parts from people who had died. The collection was very messy, so Abbott organized it. Her idea was that she would group all the body parts by where they came from in the human body. She would then research each sample and collect all the information she could about it. She would have experts in certain areas of study give more information about the problem each sample encountered. Then, people could study all of the body parts, compare them, and learn more about how the body worked. 

This organizational system was very strong. In fact, she learned so much from comparing different human hearts in the collection that she advanced medical science's understanding of the heart a lot. She first wrote a chapter on congenital heart disease for the book "Principles and Practice of Medicine", edited by William Osler. Then she wrote the "Atlas of Congenital Heart Disease," a major reference work on the human heart. The American Heart Association published it in 1936, with new editions in 1956 and 2006. This book helped medical scientists understand congenital cardiac problems. It led to treatments for these problems in the second half of the Twentieth century. Abbott was planning a textbook to add to the "Atlas". She died before she could write it.

The museum was important for other reasons. Students started coming to look at the collection and learn from Abbott. They found it so useful that they praised her work to the medical school. The school started sending classes to visit, and soon all students were required to go to the museum one day a week for lessons with Abbott.

In 1906, Abbott helped found the International Association of Medical Museums. It still exists today. It is called the International Academy of Pathology.

Starting in 1919, Abbott was the editor of the "Canadian Medical Association Journal." 

She still wanted to be on the faculty of the McGill Medical School. They finally allowed her to become faculty in 1936, and then forced her to retire the same year. She traveled to give lectures. She also wrote many medical histories.

Others appreciated Abbott, however. She was named a fellow at the New York Academy of Medicine. She was widely acknowledged as the world's top expert on congenital heart disease. 

Whetu Tirikatene-Sullivan

Tini "Whetu" Marama Tirikatene-Sullivan was a New Zealand politician. She was the longest serving MP in New Zealand's Parliament. Tirikatene-Sullivan was one of few women to give an oration at Ratana Pa. She won the Fellow of the Royal Anthropological Institute of Great Britain and Ireland. Tirikatene-Sullivan was one of the top fencers in New Zealand. She was also a national ballroom dancing champion.

Tirikatene-Sullivan’s father was a former Member of Parliament. When Tirikatene-Sullivan was young, she was cared for by her grandmother. Tirikatene-Sullivan had English and Ngati ancestry.

Tirikatene-Sullivan started her education at Rangiora High School. She was considered a leader in Rangiora High School. She attended Wellington East Girls College. Tirikatene-Sullivan got her BA and a diploma at Victoria University in Wellington. She completed her thesis but was did not present it.  Tirikatene-Sullivan got a Ph.D. in political science.

Tirikatene-Sullivan was a ballroom dancing champion in New Zealand. She also was a legendary female fencer in the 1960s. Tirikatene-Sullivan was a titleholder for Ballroom dancing and American dancing. Tirikatene-Sullivan owned a boutique. Her boutique sold traditional Maori clothes and Polynesian inspired clothing. She was a role model for young people into fashion.

When Tirikatene-Sullivan was 20, she was told that she had tuberculosis. The doctors thought that it was caused by exposure to too many people, a busy schedule, and stress. Tirikatene-Sullivan advocated for other patients while she was in the hospital.

Working for her father as an unofficial assistant laid much of the foundation for Tirikatene-Sullivan's political career. She worked as secretary and research officer for the Labour Party's Maori Advisory Council and Maori Policy Committee for 10 years, accompanying her father to various official tribal hui events. 

In 1949, Tirikatene-Sullivan began working as a stenographer (a person trained to type or write in shorthand words) at the Royal New Zealand Air Force (RNZAF) Headquarters in Wellington. Shortly after, in 1951, the RNZAF Headquarters assigned her to be the secretary to the assistant director of a planned royal tour. Tirikatene-Sullivan traveled as a member of New Zealand's official party during Queen Elizabeth II's royal tour of the country in 1953 and 1954.

Tirikatene-Sullivan was employed as a Maori welfare officer by the Department of Māori Affairs in 1958. She eventually also served as a child welfare officer in Rotorua and as a social security welfare officer in Lower Hutt and Wellington. She continued to volunteer for the Maori MPs as she had done, and studied part-time at Victoria University College. Tirikatene-Sullivan was named the Women’s Vice-President on the Executive of the Victoria University Students’ Association and and inaugural president of the Federation of Māori University Students in 1959. During her time in those positions, she advocated for the teaching of Maori studies in New Zealand universities. 

Tirikatene-Sullivan's studies ended abruptly in 1967 when her father died. 

She had a husband named Denis Sullivan who was a nuclear physicist.  They both had three children named May-Ana (born in 1970), Lisa Marie (born in 1972), and Tirikatene (1974). Tirikatene-Sullivan’s second child, Lisa Marie, died three months after she was born. Tirikatene-Sullivan gave birth while holding her position in office and believed strongly in combining her career with good parenting.

Aulnoye-Aymeries

Aulnoye-Aymeries () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 8,767 people lived there.


Aulnoy-lez-Valenciennes

Aulnoy-lez-Valenciennes () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 7,280 people lived there.


Avelin

Avelin () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 2,666 people lived there.


Janaki Ammal

Janaki Ammal was the first Indian female botanist. She was the first to receive her masters in science. She was the first-known woman to get a Ph.D. in Botany in the United States. She was the first to receive the Padma Shri award. Ammal was also known as the sugar cane queen. She worked on developing sweeter sugar cane varieties.

Janaki Ammal was born in 1897. She was born in Thalassery, Kerala in India. She was the tenth person in her family. She had 19 brothers and 19 sisters. Her father was a judge. He also took care of the garden. This sparked Ammal’s love for botany. 

Ammal taught for three years at a Women’s Christian College. Then she was invited to the University of Michigan. She joined the botany division. She was an immigrant. She was held at Ellis Island. She earned her masters in science. 6 years later she received her doctorate. Ammal was the first woman to ever receive her doctorate degree in botany in the US. 

Ammal worked at the Sugar Cane Breeding Institute. Ammal helped the institute to create and support sweeter sugar cane. This was significant because they no longer had to rely on imports from other countries. Ammal moved to Norfolk, England. She worked at the John Innes Institute. She and C.D. Darlington co-authored Chromosome Atlas of Cultivated Plants. Ammal was recommended to work at the Royal Horticulture Society. She became a paid cytologist. She worked on a medication that doubles a plant’s chromosomes. This makes the plant grow quicker and larger. One shrub was named after her. The shrub was called "Mongolia Kobus Janaki Ammal". 

Ammal returned to India. She did so at the request of the prime minister. She worked on improving India’s agriculture and preserving indigenous plants. 

She focused on helping Save Silent Valley. Ammal’s efforts were successful. The forest was no longer going to be flooded. Ammal died months earlier. She died at the age of 87.  

Helen Rodríguez Trías

Helen Rodríguez Trías was a Puerto Rican pediatrician and women's rights activist. She was the first Latina president of the American Public Health Association. In 2001 she was awarded the Presidential Citizen’s Medal.

She was born in Puerto Rico. She moved to New York at age ten. At school she was treated poorly because of her race. Helen liked science and people. 

She studied medicine in Puerto Rico. Helen became a mother. She graduated when she was thirty one years old. Helen opened a place to take newborn babies if they are ill. This led to the newborn death rate in Puerto Rico decreasing by fifty percent. 

She moved back to New York. Helen worked for organizations and movements. She specialized in pediatrics. She saw a mother pass away from an abortion. Helen began fighting for abortion and sterilization rights. 

Helen Rodríguez Trías has saved many people, from newborns to women. She will be remembered because of all of her hard work.

Sherri L. Smith

Sherri L. Smith is an American novelist with many awards. She is also a comic book illustrator. She worked on stop motion animation in films.

Smith was born in Chicago. She spent most of her life in Staten Island after her parents got divorced. She moved from coast to coast. In New York she attended NYU to get a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Film. She also went to San Francisco State University to study Business Administration. She finally graduated from California State University with an M.A. in Creative Writing.

Smith worked on stop motion animation. She worked on Tim Burton’s ‘Mars Attacks!’ She had a three year contract with Disney.

Smith she moved to Los Angeles. She began to work in a construction company, constructing monsters, aliens, and dead people for movies.

In Los Angeles, Smith started to work more on her comics. She got a job at Bongo Comics. Then, she started to pursue her dream of writing a novel.

She is known for writing novels about teenage misfits. Her writing is intricate. Smith has written many novels, including "Lucy the Giant", "Flygirl", "Orleans", "The Blossom and the Firefly, Pasadena, Sparrow", and "Hot, Sour, Salty, Sweet".

Smith's novels have won a variety of awards. "Flygirl" was considered by the Washington Post as the best book of 2012. New York Public Library Book for the Teen Age, YALSA Best Book for Young Adults, American Library Association, and many other organizations have given Smith awards for her books.


Avesnelles

Avesnelles () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 2,433 people lived there.


Taylor K. Shaw

Taylor K. Shaw is the founder and CEO of Black Women Animate. She was recognized as one of Forbes magazine's "30 Under 30." She had a dream to make an animation company that had more female black animators. She noticed a lack of black women in the animation industry. It took her months of hiring to find animators. Then she made Black Women Animate.

Black Women Animate is an animation company. Their animators are black women. It is a place where black women can have more opportunities in the animation industry. It was founded by Taylor Shaw in 2017. The company makes original content. It also collaborates with other big animation studios like Disney. They have also gotten an award. They have an animation boot camp. BWA will most likely extend their boot camp. They will also hire more black women and continue animating. 

Not many people would hire black animators. This company helped a lot of struggling animators. 

Anette Hosoi

Anette E. "Peko" Hosoi is an American engineer. Hosoi is a sports engineer. She was one of the first female faculty at Harvey Mudd College. She moved to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). She is the Associate Dean of Engineering. 

Hosoi received her Bachelor's degree at Princeton. She also received her Master's degree and PhD at the University of Chicago.

Hosoi has so many passions to pursue. Her research contributions contain fluid dynamics, biomechanics and bio-inspired design. She is an expert in “soft robotics.” Her work is used by physicists, biologists, roboticists.

She has many passions in sports, engineering and mathematics. Anette Hosoi joined Harvey Mudd College in 2001. She was one of the first female employees. Hosoi was a role model to many females. Later on, Harvey Mudd became much more open to women. In 2002 Hosoi joined the Mechanical Engineering program at MIT as an assistant professor as well as a mathematics professor.

Hosoi pursued her passion for engineering by becoming a professor of mechanical engineering as well as the associate dean of MITs school of Engineering. She displayed her love for engineering while biking. She is always ready to jump into fixing problems.

Hosoi enjoyed sports and athletics. She is an intense mountain biker. From fixing her bike in the middle of mountain biking to inventing solutions to problems during the Olympics, Hosoi can do the impossible.

Hosoi has always found mathematics to be extraordinary. She started out as one of the first women professors of mathematics at Harvey Mudd College and eventually became a mathematics professor at MIT.

Hosoi founded the MIT Sports Lab which solves the physics behind worldwide athletic accomplishments. Here they apply engineering and mathematics to solve problems in the sports domain as well as using engineering to help elevate sports performances.

Hosoi is the professor and associate department head for operations in MITs Department of Mechanical Engineering. She has also received awards like the Ruth and Joel Spira Award for Distinguished Teaching, the Bose Award for Excellence in Teachings and the Jacob P. Den Hartog Distinguished Educator Award.

As one of the first female recruits at Harvey Mudd, Hosoi added value as a female role model in which others could look up to. Many more female students approached her office as a safe space that they belong in. This shows the necessity of female teachers, role models and female leadership.

Rebecca Hui

Rebecca Hui is an American activist and the CEO of Roots Studio. Hui fights against cultural appropriation in fashion, or when fashion businesses stealing patterns and designs from other cultures. Many famous businesses believe her work is important. She is a Forbes 30 Under 30 member, Chanel Foundation recipient, Cartier Women's Initiative Laureate, and an Echoing Green Fellow. Her work has also been written about in many magazines like Teen Vogue, VogueBusiness, and Business of Fashion.

Rebecca Hui’s father was a professor. His work caused their family to move to new places. They moved about nine times during Hui’s childhood around the areas Hong Kong, New Jersey, and Arizona. Because there was a lot of moving around, she gained the ability to be able to adapt quickly to fit in. She also believed that her skill to pick up tiny differences between different communities came from her childhood.

In her sophomore year at University of California, Berkeley, she was feeling bad about not attending art school. A friend helped her get an internship at an architecture company in Gujarat, India. Her boss encouraged her to study Indian culture so she followed cows. Hui was surprised to learn that cows are very important in India. She became interested in the relationship between humans and animals because of her roommate. Her roommate was a Jain. Jainism believes in being kind and respectful to animals. Because of her roommate's kindness towards animals, Hui felt the same. While following cows she noticed that the relationship between cows and humans were very different in different areas. In rural areas, cows are common and are important for milk and farms. In cities they are used for commercial activity and sometimes are harmed by humans. Hui believes that protection of animals can help public policy. She has also tried studying elephants and leopards. During this time, she discovered that buildings were considered more important than wildlife was. She started to believe that animals were very important to keeping ecosystems alive that humans depend on.

Roots Studio is a New York based startup created by Rebecca Hui. It designs things influenced by Indigenous artists with two goals in mind. Their first goal is to give back the appreciation, credit and respect that the Indigenous artists deserve. Their second goal is to stop the cycle of cultural appropriation. Rebecca has been working with minority and Indigenous artists for the last ten years. She discovered that because of the lack of money and education, these artists were becoming laborers in cities. They could not make art. So Hui decided to create Roots Studio to form connections between communities and fashion to stop cultural loss and create more beauty in the world.

Hui is also working to found Toto Express. Toto Express is a design-licensing agency. Toto Express has projects where they look for artisans. In the Secret Life Project, Hui met many artists who were not able to make enough money because there was not enough marketing and connections. Hui wants a place where people can recognize the villagers' skills. She said she is dedicated to these projects because she “relates to these artists whose reasons for leaving their art spoke back to my reasons for pursuing a more respected career path within the often risk-adverse Chinese American community.”

Anne-Marie Imafidon

Anne-Marie Osawemwenze Ore-Ofe Imafidon is a British mathematician and computer scientist. She was awarded an Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 2017. Anna-Marie Imafidon is the co-founder of Outbox and Stemettes. Stemettes is an organization dedicated to help relieve the gender gap in studying the STEM field. Outbox is the first technology incubator for young girls. Her companies have brought over 40,000 women to experience STEM mentoring programs, workshops, and more.

Growing up in the UK, Imafidon was a genius from a young age. She passed two GCSE’s in mathematics and information technology at 10 years old. She passed her A-level computing at age 11. She was the youngest person to ever pass that A-level exam. Imafidon became a student at Oxford University at age 15. At age 19 she completed her Master's degree. She is the youngest person to ever complete a Master's degree from Oxford. Outside of her academic life, she participated in a fashion show and played Netball in college.

When she was 16, she began receiving offers from top financial companies. She worked for Goldman Sachs, Hewlett Packard and Deutschebank. She started the Stemettes while working at Deutschebank. Her work focuses on teaching girls to create technology. She wants technology to become better because the engineers who create it are more diverse than the are today.

Imafidon is from Stratford in East London. Her father came to the United Kingdom from Nigeria.

Imafidon isn’t the only notable person from her family. Her younger siblings are Peter and Paula - also known as the "Wonder Twins." They passed an Advanced Level mathematics exam at the age of 7. By passing that exam, Peter and Paula broke the United Kingdom's record. They were the youngest to ever pass A-levels. When they were nine years old, both of them broke another record by passing the Cambridge University Mathematics test. Another of Imafidon’s younger sisters, Christina, was accepted to enter the United Kingdom University at 11. Her other sister, Samantha, passed 2 high school exams at 6 years old.

Tao Chunxiao

Tao Chunxiao (b. 1937) is one of the most important clarinet players in China. Tao has been central to developing clarinet playing in China. She was the first female clarinet player in China. She was also the first female clarinetist from China to win an award in an international competition. She is a professor at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing, China. She used to perform the clarinet all over the world and became well known. She has been to many famous clarinet competitions and festivals. She is also a very successful clarinet teacher. Many of her students have become professors, won awards, or are important members of orchestras.

Tao Chunxiao was born in 1937 in Chongqing, China. 

The Military Band of the Chinese People's Liberation Army hired her. They assigned her the clarinet. She went to the Southwest Conservatory of Music in 1953 (now called the Sichuan Conservatory of Music). In 1956 Tao moved to the Czech Republic to study at the Prague Conservatory of Music. She graduated in 1961. She returned to China after graduation.

Tao won the third place in the Seventh World Youth Festival Wind Music Competition in 1959. This award made her the first Chinese woman to win an international clarinet prize. 

Tao is a professor at the Central Conservatory of Music in Beijing, China. The Ministry of Education awarded Tao the "Baosteel Excellent Teacher Award" in 2002.

She has held many jobs that promote music in China. She was the Director of the Orchestral Instruments Department at Central Conservatory of Music, the President of the Chinese Clarinet Association, a Member of the Committee on Arts Education at Ministry of Education of China, and the Director of the Education and Technology Department at Ministry of Culture of China. Tao helps check the quality of the orchestra for the Chinese National Opera House each year.

Tao judges competitions in China and internationally. She was a judge for the 36th International Clarinet Competition in 1987 in Munich, Germany. She was also the clarinet judge 43rd Czech "Prague Spring" International Music Competition. She was the chair of the organizing committee and judges for the "98th International Clarinet Music Festival." In China, she was chair of the judges for the first and second "National Youth Clarinet Playing Competitions." 

Tao edited "Clarinet Playing Course", "Classic Clarinet Songs", "Learn Clarinet with Me", "Clarinet Playing and Teaching", "European Music Art History". She co-authored "Introduction to the Physics of Music". In 2003 she published a book entitled: "Clarinet Fundamentals Tutorial". 

She also has many recordings.

She taught influential clarinetist who have won awards, become professors, and performed with orchestras worldwide. She taught Ma Yue, Yuan Yuanis, Huang Yuanfu, Yin Bo, Fan Lei, and Yuan Yuan.

In 2017, the International Clarinet Association published a special article called "A Chinese Clarinet Legend," to recognize Tao's contribution to the development of clarinet in China and worldwide.

Romaine Brooks

Romaine Brooks (born Beatrice Romaine Goddard; May 1, 1874 – December 7, 1970) was an American painter who often drew women in men’s clothing. She painted women from women's point of view, not from how men saw women. The Smithsonian American Art Museum in Washington, D.C., has collected half of her paintings. Experts say she is as important as Virginia Woolf and Gertrude Stein to how we think about gender.

Brooks was born in Rome. Her parents were rich Americans. She had an unhappy childhood. Her mother took care of her sick brother, and often did not take care of Brooks. Her mother believed Brooks was possessed by demons. 

Her mother left Europe with her son, and a poor but kind laundry woman took care of Brooks. Her mother did not let her draw, but the laundry woman did. 

Her grandfather found her and sent her to school. Students and teachers found her drawings of ghosts and monsters scary. 

When she was 14, she was sent to a school in Italy, where she was so unhappy she tried to kill herself. Her mother sent her to a school to learn manners in Switzerland, where she was very good at art and music. She became independent when she was 21. 

Brooks studied painting in Italy from 1896 to 1899. She then set up an art studio on the Island of Capri. She learned more about art when she was 24 at the Scuola Nazionale, a school in Rome. Many students were mean to her there. In 1900, she studied at the Académie Colarossi in Paris. 

Brooks did not want money from her mother, and wanted to be independent. She lost a lot of her money, so her sister Maya gave her some money. Brooks gave birth to her daughter in 1897, but gave her daughter to a school because she could not take care of her. She wanted to come back later for her baby. After five years, the school told her the baby died 3 months after it was born. She had a short marriage with John Ellingham Brooks in 1902. She met Natalie Clifford Barney, who would be her lover for a long time.

Her art was shown in the Durand-Ruel Gallery in Paris, and she became an artist. Some of her famous paintings are Azalées Blanches (White Azaleas) and La France Croisée. Her art style is like James McNeil Whistler’s, whose art she liked. Her paintings were often grey, whiter and black, with a little bit of colors like red, umber or ochre. She did not do things other artists were doing, different from Pablo Picasso, another artist. In 1930, Brooks wrote a book about herself called “No Pleasant Memories,” but no one ever saw it. 

In 1915 Brooks had a fundraiser exhibit to raise money for the Red Cross. To thank her, the French government gave her the Cross of the Legion of Honor.

Today, her art still has a result on others. She lived 100 years ago, but it is interesting to see how she showed things people did not talk about a lot in her paintings. 

Elizabeth E. Wein

Elizabeth E. Wein is an award winning American-British author. Her most famous book is "Code Name Verity. Code Name Verity" is a New York Times Bestseller, a Michael Printz Award Honor Book, a Boston Globe/Horn Book Awards Honor Book, and an SCBWI Golden Kite Honor Book. 

Wein was born in New York City in 1964. Wein's parents are Carol Flocken and Norman Wein. Her family moved to England when she was 3, because of her father's work. They lived near Alderley Edge. Wein went to school near Alderley Edge as well. They moved again to Jamaica when she was 6. However, after 3 years her parents separated. Wein, her siblings, and her mother moved to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Unfortunately, her mother was killed in a car accident when she was 14. After, Wein was raised by her grandparents.

Wein graduated from Yale University in 1986. She holds a Bachelor of Arts in English from Yale. While at Yale, she attended a study abroad program in England. She went to graduate school at the University of Pennsylvania after graduating from Yale. She earned a PHD in folklore in 1994. 

Wein learned to fly airplanes at the Scottish Aero Club in 2003. She was 37. Many of her novels include people who fly airplanes.
Wein wrote a series of novels that retell the King Arthur legend. These are The Winter Prince, A Coalition of Lions, The Sunbird, The Mark of Solomon: The Lion Hunter, and The Mark of Solomon: The Empty Kingdom. These were published between 1993 and 2008. 

Wein's biggest success was Code Name Verity, published in 2012. Code Name Verity is a story about two young female pilots. They worked for the Allies during WWII. They were caught by the Nazis. Wein also released three other novels that add to the story. 

Wein has received many awards for her work. These include the Edgar Award for Best Novel. "Code Name Verity" is a New York Times Bestseller, a Michael Printz Award Honor Book, a Boston Globe/Horn Book Awards Honor Book, and an SCBWI Golden Kite Honor Book. Her books have been shortlisted for the CLIP Carnegie Medal and the Andre Norton Nebula Award. 

Her husband is named Tim. She met him in Philadelphia. They were at a dance for people who ring bells for a hobby. They have two children. The family lives in Scotland. They lived in England briefly for a few years before that. Wein is an American and British citizen. 

Yuriko Kimura

Yuriko Kimura (木村百合子) is a Japanese modern dancer. She was a primary dancer for the Martha Graham Dance Company. 

Kimura was born in Kanazawa, Japan. When Martha Graham came to Japan Kimura took a dance class from her company. She then came to the USA through a Fulbright Scholarship to study with Martha Graham.

Kimura studied with Graham from 1966 in New York City, USA. At first she danced small roles. One of her younger roles was ‘the girl holding a vase.’ Over time, she became recognized for her intense expression. She was also known for her beautiful lines. These led her to become one of the best dancers of all time. Through the fame, she also became a guest dancer for other prestigious companies. She attended summer courses through different dance workshops.

Some of her major roles consisted of Medea and Clytemnestra from major dance Productions. The two roles are the main characters. They are very important to the overall stage. 

Kimura now teaches dance in .

Tiny house

A tiny house, also known as a tiny home, is a type of house that is very small (up to 37 square metres or 400 sq ft).

Tiny houses can stand on a fixed place, but they can also be mobile. For example, a tiny house with wheels can be transported. They may also solve other kinds of problems. They may be a way for older children to have independence, yet also stay near their parents. Sometimes the family home is too small for children to have their own bedroom. A tiny house built in the grounds of a regular property may be the solution to allowing independence whilst keeping a degree of parental supervision.

The tiny house movement originated in the United States. 

Tiny houses gained more attention after the Great Recession, when houses became very expensive in many places.

The tiny house movement has inspired many reality television series:



1953 Flint–Beecher tornado

On Monday, June 8, 1953, a powerful F5 tornado went right across the city of Flint, Michigan and its suburb Beecher. The latter city had 113–114 people dead following the severe tornado. Before the 2011 Joplin tornado in Joplin, Missouri, it was the final tornado that lead to triple-digit death tolls in the United States.

Other tornadoes also hit lower Michigan and northern Ohio. The overall outbreak killed 116 or 117 in Michigan alone. Affected states also included Nebraska, Iowa, Wisconsin, New York and Massachusetts.

The overall people who died from June 6 through 9 was 247 (some reports mention higher numbers). The full damage went beyond $340 million (1953 USD; almost $3.3 billion 2021 USD). Michigan's deaths alone were 125. Others were killed across Nebraska, northern Ohio and east-central Massachusetts (mostly around Worcester). The last-said state's tornado was its very most expensive (costing $53 million) before 1979.

Jeanne Baret

Jeanne Baret (; 27 July 1740 – 5 August 1807, also spelled Barré or Barret) was a French explorer. She was the first woman to travel around the world. She was a botanist. Her trip was from 1766-1769.

Jeanne Baret was born on July 27,1740.She was born in France. Her family wasn’t wealthy. She learned a lot about botany from a young age. She knew a lot about plants. 

She worked for Philibert Commerson. Commerson was a botanist. He studied medicine, natural history and botany.

Baret and Commerson also had a relationship. They never married. They had a son. He was adopted by another family.

Commerson agreed to join a voyage around the world. The expedition was led by Louis de Bougainville. Commerson was the botanist. Baret went with him. Women were not allowed to be on ships at that time. She disguised herself as a man. She took a job as his cabin boy. She called herself "Jean" Baret.

France was looking for territory and trade at that time. The king funded the around the world trip. The two ships were the Boudeuse and the Etoile. Commerson and Baret were on the Etoile. 

Commerson was often sick. Jeanne tended to him. She helped him with his work. The trip set off from Nates, France and stopped at Montevideo, Uruguay. They went from Uruguay to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. They went to Tahiti after Brazil. Bougainville named the island of Tahiti New Cythera. Baret revealed her true identity at Tahiti. She revealed that she was a woman. Bougainville let her stay on board for the rest of the trip. They sailed to New Ireland in Papua New Guinea after Tahiti. They went to Mauritius after New Ireland. Commerson and Jeanne stayed in Mauritius.

Commerson and Baret made many accomplishments in botany. They collected and observed many plants. Baret discovered a new kind of vine with pink and purple flowers. She named that plant Bougainvillea. She named the plant after the commander of the voyage.

Commerson and Jeanne stayed in Mauritius. Commerson died in 1773. Baret met a man called Jean Dubernet. They married in May of 1774. They moved back to France to Saint-Aulaye around 1774 or 1775. She completed her journey around the world. Baret died in Saint-Aulaye. She died on August 5, 1807.

Jeanne Baret accomplished a lot of things in her life. She was the first woman to circumnavigate the globe. She and Commerson collected and recorded over 6000 plant species. A type of plant was named in her honor (solanum baretiae) in 2012. It was 245 years after her voyage.

Lyda Conley

Eliza Burton (Lyda) Conley (1869-1946) was the first female lawyer of Indian descent. She was the first Native American to argue in front of the Supreme Court. She was known as the "Guardian of the Huron Cemetery."

Lyda Conley was born in 1869. She was a member of the Wayandotte Tribe. She lived in Wyandotte County, Kansas. Her mother, Eliza Burton Zane Conley, was a member of the Wyandotte Tribe. Her mother was a descendant of Chief Andrew Conley. Her mother and her grandmother, Hannah Zane, were buried in the Huron cemetery. 

Her father, Andrew Serenes Conley, was from New York. He met and married Conley's mother in Ohio. They moved to Kansas with the Wyandotte Tribe. 

The Wyandotte Tribe was from Ohio. The US government forced the Wyandotte to give up their land in 1842. They were forced to move to Kansas. They were forced to a reservation on land bought from the Lenape peoples. The new Wyandot land was protected by treaty with the federal government. 

Eliza Burton Conley had three sisters. Two of her sisters were Helena (Lena) Gros Conley and Ida Conley. They helped her defend the graves of their family and ancestors at Huron Cemetery in Kansas City. 

Eliza Burton Conley graduated from the Kansas City School of Law in 1902. She went to law school because the government threatened to sell her tribe's cemetery. 

Conley was admitted into the Missouri Bar Association in 1902. and Kansas Bar Association in 1910. She became the first female lawyer of Indian descent. 

She was the first Native American to argue in front of the Supreme Court. She argued that the federal government had a duty to protect Native American burial sites. 

The United States government guaranteed the protection of the Wyandotte Tribe's Huron Cemetery in a treaty. The treaty was written in 1855. In 1890 the government broke the treaty. The government was going to sell the land to businesses. The government also wanted to remove the bodies from the cemetery. Congress approved the sale of the land in 1906. Conley asked the court to stop the government from selling the land. 

Conley and two of her sisters defended the Huron Cemetery from 1907 to 1910. They built a shack to live in. Her sister guarded the fort while Conley fought off intruders. Conley studied law books to prepare herself for cases while defending the cemetery. In 1910 the Supreme Court decided Congress could sell the land.

The public was mad. They scared away anyone who wanted to buy the land. Conley and her sisters stopped the sale of the land. She kept fighting to save it until she died. It is now protected. The cemetery is on the National Register of Historic Places.

Eliza Burton Conley died when she was 72, on May 28th, 1946. Her burial was on May 31, 1946.

Tong Yang-tze

Tong Yang-Tze is a Chinese calligrapher. Her work is part of everyday life in Taiwan. She designed the passport stamp that you receive when you enter Taiwan. She is very educated but still chose to pursue her dreams of art. She is known for bringing calligraphy from the past to the present.

Tong moved to Taiwan in 1952. She grew up with four siblings. Her dad taught her and her siblings calligraphy. She started learning calligraphy when she was eight years old. Tong graduated from National Taiwan Normal University. She earned a master’s degree in fine arts. She also received a postgrad degree from University of Massachusetts. She was accepted into Taiwan’s most prestigious business university. She rejected them and chose to follow her passion for art. She also became a graduate designer in New York. Her style of calligraphy is known for mixing traditional calligraphy with modern art.

You can see Tong Yang-Tze’s work everywhere in Taiwan. It is used in signs at train stations. It is in theatre, bookshop, and anniversary campaign brands. It is Taiwan’s passport stamp.

Tong’s work has been shown in many places. "Atelier 320: Upending" was an exhibit at the Johnson Museum. "From Ink to Apparel: A Crossover between Calligraphy Art and Fashion Design" was shown at the World Design Capital in Taipei. Another exhibition was the M+ commission.

Tong has worked on many collaborations. "From Ink to Apparel: A Crossover between Calligraphy Art and Fashion Design" combined the work of Tong and six young fashion designers. "Atelier 320: Upending" combined calligraphy and dance. "Silent Symphony, Musical Calligraphy" combined the work of Tong and the music of Mayday.

Sangduen &quot;Lek&quot; Chailert

Sangduen "Lek" Chailert is an animal rights advocator and entrepreneur. She was born and raised in Thailand. She is known as Thailand’s “Elephant Whisperer”. She has dedicated her life to fighting for animal rights and putting an end to animal abuse. She has influenced others to advocate for the welfare of animals. She founded Elephant Nature Park and Save Elephant Foundation.

Sangdeaun “Lek” Chailert was born in 1961. She was born in a village in Thailand called Baan Lao. This village was located in the Northern Mountains of Thailand. Starting from a young age, she spent a lot of time with animals and loved them. She looked up to her grandfather. He was a shaman, which is a traditional healer. He helped sick and injured people within his community, and would also help sick animals. Chailert helped her grandfather take care of the animals. She developed a passion for it. She witnessed the horrible abuse of elephants when she was sixteen years old. The elephants were forced to carry logs into the jungle. Chailert graduated from Chiang Mai University, a public university in Northern Thailand.

Chailert advocates for Asian Elephants. She founded Elephant Nature Park (ENP). Elephant Nature Park is a sanctuary for abused Asian Elephants in Chiang Mai Province in Thailand. It provides a home and basic necessities for elephants who were abused. It takes up 250 acres. She rescued over 200 elephants and many other animals.

Chailert also founded Save Elephant Foundation. It is a non-profit organization. The main purpose of this organization is to protect Asian Elephants. People are able to volunteer or become an Elephant Ambassador.

She first started taking action after witnessing elephants being forced to carry logs into the jungle. She realized that the abuse affects the elephants' mental health. Chailert treats elephants as a part of her family.

Her main focus has been to educate people around the world on the safety of elephants. She wants people to use the information they learn to inform others and advocate for animals.

Save Elephant Foundation is a a non-profit organization. The main purpose of this organization is to protect Asian Elephants. The organization also helps cats. Save Elephant Foundation takes donations. People are also able to volunteer or become an Elephant Ambassador.

Elephant Nature Park is a sanctuary for abused Asian Elephants in Thailand. It takes up 250 acres. The main purpose of this is for elephants to feel safe and loved. It is also so that they feel protected and not get abused. The Elephant Nature Park is also known as ENP. ENP is dedicated to providing education about Asian Elephants. Visitors are able to meet the elephants. They are also able to learn about their past. They can also make improvements to the park. There are also 500 dogs at ENP that have been rescued. Visitors can play, walk, and feed the dogs. Elephant Nature Park was recently raided by the Department of National Parks. However, they have moved away from ENP since then. Chailert continues to advocate for the welfare of Asian Elephants.

Chailert is in documentaries by National Geographic, Animal Planet, Discovery, and BBC. She was invited by Hillary Clinton to Washington D.C. in 2010. She was recognized as one of the six Global Conservation Female Heroes. She was recognized as one of Time Magazine’s "Heroes from Asia." Chailert was named “Hero of the Planet” by Ford Foundation in 2001. She got the Genesis Award from the Humane Society for her National Geographic documentary "Vanishing Giants." She received the Legion d’Honneur in Bangkok in 2022 from the french president Emmanuel Macron.

Chailert continues to advocate for Asian Elephants and tries her best to raise awareness throughout the world. She has successfully rescued over 200 elephants. She first started taking action after witnessing elephants being forced to carry logs into the jungle. She later realized that all this abuse deeply affects their mental health. In fact, some elephants have become blind because of slingshots targeted at their eyes as well as the bright lights in a circus. Elephants endure intense training for circuses. Many elephants are taken away from their parents at a very young age, which significantly affects them later in life. Some elephants get chained up on their legs, causing them to bleed because of the deep cuts in their legs. Because of the harsh conditions, many elephants become very aggressive and develop a lot of trauma. Elephants are commonly forced to do tricks, get ridden, and do paintings using their trunks. They are also used for their ivory. They are also forced to do extremely tough labor. Many elephants suffer from abuse that is involved with logging, tourism, circuses, and street begging. Elephants are meant to be in the wild and be independent. They are not meant to be used as entertainment for humans. Many people are not aware of how this affects elephants. Chailert’s mentality is that an elephant isn’t just an animal; they are a person. That is why she treats them with respect. She treats them as if they are part of her family. Chailert was taught to respect nature at a young age. Chailert acknowledges the fact that more people are being educated about this topic. She hopes more people are informed. She would like others to spread the word.

Jillian Tamaki

Jillian Tamaki (born April 17, 1980) is a Canadian American illustrator. She draws graphic novels. Tamaki received the Printz and Caldecott medals and the Governor General Award for Children’s Literature Illustration. She has also been published by The New York Times, The Guardian, Esquire, and National Geographic. Drawn & Quarterly and Penguin Books have published her works.

Tamaki was born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and raised in Calgary, Alberta. She grew up reading Archie comics and horseback riding, eventually making Zine comics in high school. 

Tamaki is mixed race. Her father is Japanese Canadian and mother is Egyptian American. Her childhood neighborhood was mostly white people. Tamaki was the only mixed race student at her school. She draws many different people in her pictures. She thinks it helps other mixed race children feel comfortable. 

Tamaki went to the Alberta College of Art and Design (ACAD). She graduated in 2003. Her training was very traditional. She was not allowed to use color until her 3rd-4th year. She learned anatomy in her first year. She used her computer in her 3rd year. She learned a lot about how to draw at ACAD. 

Tamaki still draws by hand. She does not use a computer. She adds color with her computer. 

Right after college Tamaki worked at a video game company. It was called Bioware. 

She moved to New York in 2005. She was 25 when she moved. 

Tamaki started teaching at Parsons School of Visual Arts in 2007. She enjoys teaching. 

Tamaki has published many books. Two of her books are "Skim" and "This One Summer". She drew the pictures and her cousin, Mariko Tamaki, wrote the stories. Her she also wrote and illustrated "SuperMutant Magic and" "Indoor Voice". "Gilded Lilies" was her earliest publication. She originally published her illustrations online. 

She has drawn book covers for Penguin Books. Three of her Penguin book covers are embroidered art: "The Secret Garden", "Emma", and "Black Beauty". 

Tamaki's draws pictures for books by reading the author's descriptions. She receives the initial pitch and then elevates from there. She has described her illustrations as building a realm and expanding on it, and considers the behaviors of the characters when illustrating so she can create them best. When making books, Tamaki does her drawing at home. 

Tamaki lives in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York. Her husband is Sam Weber. They went to college together.

Male portrait (Gajoni)

Male portrait (also known as Ritratto del commendatore Attilio Brivio) is a 20th-century painted in oil by the italian painter Adriano Gajoni, made in 1961 in the collection of Pinacoteca Ambrosiana in Milano (n.inv.501).

Adriano Gajoni trained in Milan at Giovanni Borgonovo and later at the Brera Academy, where he taught for eight years.



Sana Amanat

Sana Amanat is an American comic book editor and the Director of Content and Character Development at Marvel. She is a Pakistani-American Muslim. She worked on comics like Captain Marvel, Hawkeye and Ms. Marvel. Ms. Marvel is the first Muslim-American superhero. Amanat runs the annual Women of Marvel panel at Comic Con. She does work to make Marvel characters more diverse. She had a TED talk about diversity in comic books.

Amanat grew up in New Jersey. Her parents immigrated to the United States from Pakistan. She lived in the suburbs. There were not many other Muslim families in her town. She felt different from other people. The comic X-Men had lots of different kinds of people in it. Reading X-Men made her feel more normal.

Amanat went to Barnard College. She studied political science. She wanted to be a journalist. The Barnard class of 2019 awarded Amanat the Barnard Medal of Distinction.

Amanat worked at a magazine. Amanat started editing comic books in 2007. She edited comic books for a small, independent publishing company called Virgin Comics. Mackenzie Cadenhead was her mentor. Amanat joined Marvel in 2009. 

Amanat co-created the character of Ms. Marvel, the first Muslim-American Superhero. She worked with Steve Wacker, G. Willow Wilson, Adrian Alphona to create Ms. Marvel. The first volume has been printed seven times. That is a lot of times for one volume of comics.


In 2015, Amanat became Marvel's Director of Content and Character Development. When she introduced President Barack Obama at a Women's History Month celebration in 2016, she noted that "being different is being American." Amanat helps Marvel create more characters of different genders, races, religions, and other identities. She knows that most people who work in comics are white men. Most superheroes are also white men. Amanat wants to help everyone imagine more kinds of superheroes. She helped create the Women of Marvel platform. As a result of Amanat's work, there are about twenty female superheroes in the Marvel universe. She wants people from many backgrounds to work at Marvel. For example, she got Ta-Nehisi Coates to work with Marvel. He helped write the new "Black Panther" series. She was executive producer on Marvel Rising. 


Amanat has been a Young Leaders Committee board member for Seeds of Peace.

Tanya Saracho

Tanya Selene Saracho is a Mexican-American actress, playwright and screenwriter. She co-founded "Teatro Luna", an all Latina theater company in Chicago, Illinois. She is the co-founder of the Untitled Latinx Program. The Untitled Latinx Program tries to make television more diverse. Saracho has written many episodes for television programs. These include "How To Get Away With Murder", "Looking", "Devious Maids", "Girls", and "Vida". Saracho is also a Spanish voice-over artist.

Saracho was born in Los Mochis, Mexico. She moved to Chicago, Illinois.

She started out as a playwright. She wrote many plays. These plays include "Lunaticas", "Our Lady of the Underpass", and "Kita y Fernanda". Saracho was named “Best new playwright” by Chicago Magazine. Her plays have been staged many places, including the Oregon Shakespeare Festival, NEXT Theater, Teatro Vists, Teatro Luna, and more.

Saracho then started writing for television. Her first show was Devious Maids. Then she wrote for Looking and Girls. She also wrote episodes for How To Get Away With Murder. She created and produced Vida. Vida got a lot of positive recognition.

Saracho found the Untitled Latinx Project Universal Studios hired her to find and share LatinX people in entertainment.


Carina Curto

Carina Curto is an American mathematician. She studies neuroscience and math. She explores how neurons in the human brain understand the world. She is a professor and co-Associate Head for Graduate Studies at the Department of Mathematics at Pennsylvania State University. The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation awarded Curto the Sloan Research Fellowship in 2011, an award that is given annually to the best scholars across the US and Canada.

Curto was raised in Iowa City, IA. Her father was a mathematician. As a child, Curto though studying math was too ordinary. 

Her parents are from Argentina. She spoke Spanish at home.

She graduated from Iowa City West High School. She loved to learn. Curto took many classes at University of Iowa while she was in high school. She was on the debate team. Curto was also a high-ranked tennis player for the state of Iowa.

Curto received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard University in 2000. In high school she planned to study physics. She studied math and physics. Curto went to Duke University for graduate school. She planed to study string theory. Instead, she got interested in neuroscience. She earned her Ph.D in 2005. 

Curto studied mathematics in graduate school. She started studying the math for physics. Curto learned about neurology in her fourth year of graduate school. She became interested in neuroscience and switched her research. 

After earning her Ph.D., Curto spent three years as Rutgers University doing more research at the Center for Molecular and Behavioral Neuroscience. She was an instructor at New York University's Courant Institute of Mathematical Studies. She then joined the Math Department at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. In 2014, Curto joined the Pennsylvania State University math faculty. She got tenure in 2019.

She uses math to improve neuroscience. She builds mathematical models for understanding how neurons work. Curto also finds new ways to use math to understand biology. As a part of her research, Curto created network songs based on firing rates of neurons, which showed the rhythmic activity of neurons.

Curto's research has been funded by the National Science Foundation and the National Institutes of Health for the past 13 years. She is a 2021 Simons Fellow in Mathematics. She won the Faculty Scholar Medal from Penn State in 2020. In 2012 she earned a Woodrow Wilson Career Enhancement Fellowship for Junior Faculty. She also earned a 2011 Sloan Research Fellowship from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. 

Alice Hamilton

Alice Hamilton (born 1869) focused her life on workplace safety. Her dedication made the government improve health conditions for workers. She worked in several medical jobs. Before she retired, she was a research assistant, a pathology professor, a bacteriologist, and an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School. She was the first female professor at Harvard Medical School. She was a consultant of the U.S. Division of Labor Standards and the President of the National Consumers League after she retired.

Alice Hamilton was born with 4 siblings. Hamilton wanted to be a medical doctor when she was a child. She attended the University of Michigan Medical school. She was not allowed to study in German Universities. So, she went back to the United States. She worked as a research assistant at Johns Hopkins Medical School. In 1897, Hamilton became a pathology professor at the Women’s Medical School of Northwestern University. After that, she worked as a bacteriologist at Chicago’s Memorial Institute for Infectious Diseases. 

Adriano Gajoni

Adriano Gajoni, (Milan, October 29, 1913 - Milan, March 26, 1965) was an Italian painter.

Gajoni was born in Milan, he was also active in Paris. He initially studied with Giovanni Borgonovo, then at a very young age he was admitted to the Accademia di Brera, starting his artistic activity early, he became passionate about the study of painters ombard seventeenth century, still At a very young age he taught drawing for four years to support himself in fine arts studies. He will then become Professor for eight years at the Brera Academy of Fine Arts in Milan.

He preferred landscapes, still life and portraits. He mainly practiced oil painting on wood and hardboard. He never liked to appear, preventing his works from arriving at auction.

He died in 1965 at the age of 52 from the consequences of a car accident, leaving his two daughters, Cristina and Rita, and his wife Dolores. He was buried in the Milan Cemetery.

The art critic Angelo Panerai writes: " «Rigorous balance, wise distribution of lights and volumes, impression of solidity and architecture. All so thought out, so necessarily functional that the eye passes over this intelligent painting without ever noticing the slightest imbalance. The tones themselves obey this harmonious criterion that does not admit of coloristic affectation: a few whites and abundant warm colors unmistakably mark this nourished painting, but where one never feels the labor of creation »". Still lifes reflect the humble things of our home and our canteen, emanating that almost religious sense of secular use that dresses them with unexpected nobility [...] oriented towards a constant search for color and formal perfection. "Tradition felt not as an empty resonance, but an elaboration of a loving study by the great Lombard seventeenth century artists by a cultured and severe spirit". Adriano Gajoni, is " «Milanese painter of strict figurative observance, mainly devoted to Still life, to" fairy tale compositions "and allegorical and to" fantasies with mannequins and statues "» (Bruno Rosa Stincone). L'arte di Adriano Gajoni ha "«un fondo di umano lirismo, di poesia»" (Silvio Biscaro). While the compositional choices reveal an evident debt towards the Dutch painting and Flemish of the XVIII century (Günter Meißner). Gajoni è interprete di un realismo minuzioso di lontana ispirazione fiamminga (Paolo Bolpagni).





Haben Girma

Haben Girma (born in 1988) is an American lawyer, writer and disability rights advocate. She is deaf and blind. She uses the word "deafblind" to describe herself. Girma was the first person who is deafblind to graduate from law school in the United States. President Barack Obama recognized her as a 2013 White House Champion of Change. She was recognized by Forbes Magazine as a 2016 "30 Under 30." In 2018, the American Foundation for the Blind awarded her the Helen Keller Achievement Award. Her work was recognized by both Justin Tredeau and Angela Merkel.

Haben Girma was born in 1988 in California. Girma’s mother, Saba Gebreyesus, Came to the United States from Eritrea. Her father is Ethiopian. Girma also had a brother who was deafblind. 

She attended school in Oakland, California. When she was in elementary school, she communicated with a keyboard that was linked to a braille reader. The Oakland schools acknowledged disability rights and made sure she had the tools she needed to learn.

Girma didn’t start advocating for ability rights until she attended college. She studied at Lewis and Clark College located in Portland, OR, USA. The menu in the cafeteria was only in print. The manager would not help her. She had to eat whatever someone put on her plate. This experience made her realize that she also had a right to make choices like other people do. She learned that the Americans with Disabilities Act required the cafeteria to give her a menu she could read.

Girma earned her Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School. To help herself study and learn, Girma invented a new machine to make communicating easier. People can type into the machine and it gives her Braille to read. She speaks in response. 

Girma is a civil rights attorney. Much of her work focuses on fighting for equal access to educational opportunities. She wants strong schools for Black American children. She also argues that people with disabilities can contribute in the workplace and also buy useful products. They are productive members of the economy. She helped fight a legal case against Scribd, a digital library, for the National Federation for the Blind (NFB). NFB wanted Scribd to make their collection accessible to people who are blind. Scribd did not want to. The court ruled that Scribd had to make its work accessible. 

Girma often travels around the world to give speeches about experiences with disability. She wants to change people's opinions about ability. She thinks of her disability as “an opportunity for innovation”.

Portrayals of disabled people in television and movies is also important to Girma. She gives talks to media organizations about opportunities to create realistic stories about people with different abilities. She also wants actors with disabilities cast in roles that do not specify that the character has a disability.

She also published a memoir: "Haben: The Deafblind Woman Who Conquered Harvard Law".

Girma enjoys kayaking, skiing, river rafting, rock climbing, ice skating, and surfing. She appreciates curiosity. 

Avesnes-les-Aubert

Avesnes-les-Aubert () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 3,638 people lived there.


Avesnes-le-Sec

Avesnes-le-Sec () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,445 people lived there.


Awoingt

Awoingt () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 815 people lived there.


Enka

Enka is a type of music from Japan that resembles traditional Japanese music. Modern Enka is a more recent form, but more traditional in style.
Modern enka, as growing in the postwar era, is a form of sentimental ballad music.

Katherine Dunham

Katherine Dunham (born June 22, 1909) was an American dancer, choreographer, and anthropologist. She is best known for bringing African and Caribbean dance styles to the US. Dunham also created the Dunham Technique. The Dunham Technique is still taught today. She created many all-black dance groups. She was awarded the Presidential Medal of the Arts, the Albert Schweitzer prize, Kennedy Center Honors and membership in the French Legion of Honor.

Katherine Dunham was born on June 22, 1909, in Chicago. Her father Albert was a descendant of enslaved people taken from Madagascar and West Africa. Her mother, Fanny June, was French Canadian. She had an older brother named Albert Jr. Her mother died when Dunham was four years old. She and her brother went to go live with their aunt, Lulu. Her father married Annette Poindexter in 1915. Dunham and her brother returned to live with their father and stepmother. Dunham later went to the University of Chicago.

Katherine Dunham was best known for her work as a dancer. Her church ran out of money when she was eight years old. She performed a cabaret to raise money.

Dunham was a student of Ludmilla Speranzeva. She later founded one of the first all-black ballet companies “Ballet Négre”. In 1933 she ran her first school, the Negro Dance Group. While performing with her company, she was found by dance teacher Ms. Alfred. Ms. Alfred saw her talent. She gave her the money to go to the Caribbean in 1935. When Dunham returned, she brought back the Afro-Caribbean style of dancing. She mixed the Afro-Caribbean style with European styles to make the Dunham Technique. People of all races found her work to be inspiring. Katherine Dunham worked with George Balanchine for the production of “Cabin in the Sky” in 1940. In 1944 she founded the “Dunham School”. There, she taught the Dunham Technique and anthropology to students. The “Dunham School” was later named the “Katherine Dunham School of Arts and Research.” She later creates a new dance group called “Katherine Dunham Dance Group”. They toured 57 different countries for 2 decades. In 1971 Dunham won the “Dance Division Heritage Award”. She continued to perform her ballets and teach.

Katherine Dunham wrote many books. She began her writing career at 13. Her first story was “Come Back to Arizona”. It was published in W.E.B. Du Buois' magazine, "The Brownies' Book." She later wrote magazines from the Carribean. Dunahm also wrote “Kasanabce: A Fantasy”. She also choreographed for many shows. These shows included “Tropics”, “Le Jazz ‘Hot’”, “Cabin in the Sky”, “Windy city” and “Aida.” Her movies included “Mambo” and “Carnival of Rhythm.” Katherine Dunham also choreographed for Broadway. She choreographed for Pins and Needles.

Dunham was an Anthropologist. She began by going to a talk by Robert Redfield. She found it interesting. Her major was anthropology. Dunham then went to the Carribean. She loved it there. When she returned, she changed her major to dance anthropology. Katherine Dunham then started a dance anthropology school called “Dunham School of Arts and Cultural Studies”.

Katherine Dunham fought for what she thought was right. She refused to preform at segregated theaters. In 1992 she went on a hunger strike. She was fighting for Haitian immigrants. She went on hunger strike for 47 days when Hatian refugees to the United States were sent back to Haiti. In 1993 Katherine Dunham got a Haitian citizenship. 

Katherine Dunham died on May 12 2006

Liebe Sokol Diamond

Liebe Sokol Diamond (born January 10, 1931) was an American pediatric orthopedic surgeon. Diamond was the first female resident at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania. She was the 14th woman certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery. She was the president of the Maryland Orthopedic Society from 1971-1972. Diamond was the founder of the Ruth Jackson Society of Female Orthopedic Surgeons. She was also their first president. She was a part of the board of the Baltimore Hebrew University. Diamond was admitted to the Maryland Women's Hall of Fame in 2006.

Diamond was born in Baltimore, Maryland. Her birthday is January 10, 1931. Her parents were Max and Anne Sokol. Her father was a lawyer. Her mother was a Hebrew teacher at a college. When she was a child her parents helped a lot of Jewish people move to the United States. They helped Jewish people get away from Nazi Germany.

Diamond was born with fewer fingers and toes than most people. She had ring constrictive syndrome. She was also born with club feet. She would not be able to walk. She lived at the hospital after she was born. She needed a lot of surgery. She had more than 20 surgeries before she turned 13. Her doctor, Dr. Moses Gelman, was a role model for Diamond. 

Diamon's body was different than most people's bodies. At that time, people believed that if your body looked differently then you mind could not work well. You could not be smart. Her family treated her equally to other people. She got a good education. She loved science. In 1947 she graduated from Western High School. She was 16 years old when she went to Smith College. She studied chemistry and also minored in physics and zoology. She graduated in 1951. Then she went to the University of Pennsylvania's Medical School. Diamond was the first female resident at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania.

Diamond worked at Sinai Hospital after medical school in Baltimore. She had summer jobs there when she was younger. She did her internship and residency there. She worked as a pediatrician. Then she decided to become a surgeon. Dr. Gelman, who was still her friend, thought that orthopedics for children needed to get better. Diamond studied orthopedic surgery, or how surgery can help people's bodies be the right shape to help them move. She focused on pediatrics, or medicine for children. In 1955 she completed her degree in orthopedic surgery at University of Pennsylvania. Her own physical differences were not too hard. Being a woman made many people doubt her. 

She was the fourteenth woman ever certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery. At that time, there were over 7,000 men certified by the same group.

She opened a private practice. She became one of the top doctors in orthopedic surgery. Her specialty was children with hands and feet shaped differently than other people's. She liked helping children and their families. She liked it that every patient had different needs so her work was always new.

She helped found the Pediatric Orthopedic society of North America. She was the only woman on the panel of eight people. Now, the society has over 400 members. She was the president of the Maryland Orthopedic Society from 1971-1972. Diamond was the founder of the Ruth Jackson Society of Female Orthopedic Surgeons. She was also their first president. She was a part of the board of the Baltimore Hebrew University. 

She retired from surgery in 1995. She retired from medical practice in 1997.

Diamond was admitted to the Maryland Women's Hall of Fame in 2006.

She married Dr. Earl L. Diamond. He was an epidemiologist and biostatistician.

They had a son. The whole family practiced Judaism.

She died in 2017.

Davey Alba

Davey Alba is a Filipino American technology reporter for "The New York Times". She covers the topic of disinformation. She has won several awards, such as the Livingston and Mirror awards. She has worked for several well known companies, such as BuzzFeed News. She is a Filipino immigrant.

Alba moved to the US in 2010 from the Philippines. She comes from a family of high achievers. Her dad is in academia. Her mom is an economic consultant. Her sister is a vice president in an international investment bank. Her dad would read advanced, classic novels to her and her sister when she was eight years old. One of her favorites was "The Hobbit", by J. R. R. Tolkien. She and her sister kept stopping their dad to ask what certain words meant. That’s when Alba’s fondness for literature began.

Alba is a graduate of De La Salle University of Manila. She got a degree in communication. She also has a Master’s degree in science journalism from Columbia University. Alba believes the education she received in Manila contributed to her success. She is a self-confessed nerd. She had a 3.7 GPA. She was also on the Dean’s List throughout college. Alba says there were two professors who helped refine her writing. Their names were Glenn Omanio and Ronald Baytan. Omanio taught reporting. Bayton taught Philippine Poetry in English class. They were both professors at De La Salle University. Alba says they were both willing to share their time, knowledge, and encouragement.

Alba’s standout piece was on how President Rodrigo Duterte (Philippines) used Facebook to fuel his war on drugs. This piece won her the Livingston Award for excellence in international reporting. Livingston is known as the Pulitzer for journalists under 35. She also won the 2019 Mirror Awards for best story on journalism in dangerous situations. Alba was most recently hired by the New York Times to cover the subject of disinformation.

Lauren Esposito

Lauren Esposito is the world's only female scorpion expert. She studies arachnology at the California Academy of Sciences. She one of less than a dozen scorpion specialists in the world. She identifies new types of scorpions that have not been seen before. She teaches a field biology course at Columbia University. She has the nickname “The Scorpion Queen.”
She is the co-founder of the network 500 Queer Scientists. Now, Esposito is also an arachnologist and assistant curator at the California Academy of Sciences. Esposito also pushed for more women to be included as biologists.

Lauren Esposito grew up in El Paso, Texas. Her parents were biologists. She enjoyed exploring the bugs in the dirt near her home. She also liked looking at bugs in the sand at her grandparents’ house in the Bahamas. She grew up fascinated by bugs and never lost that passion.

She graduated from the University of Texas in 2003. While she was a student Esposito interned in arachnology at the American Museum of Natural History. She also volunteered doing research in the Chihuahuan Desert.

She holds a Ph.D. in Ecology and Evolutionary Biology from the City University of New York.  Her Ph.D. program was taught by the City University of New York and the American Museum of Natural History. 

Esposito co-founded Islands & Seas. Islands & Seas is a science and education nonprofit. It builds field stations where scientists, tourists, and locals can work together to conserve natural resources. The first field station was in a small fishing village, San Juanico, in Baja California Sur. The English name for the town is Scorpion Bay, the name of Esposito’s favorite animal.

Esposito is now at the California Academy of Sciences. She studies scorpion taxonomy, or what different kinds of scorpions exist. She tests and compares different scorpion's DNA. She "milks" scorpion venom for study. She studies their behavior before they sting. She also studies using their venom to cure cancer. She travels and searches for news kinds of scorpions.

Esposito and a postdoctoral fellow, Dr. Sarah Crews, have collected arachnids on nearly every island in the Caribbean, and completed a number of ecological and evolutionary research projects. New species comprise approximately 30 to 50% of the animals they collect there.

She and Aaron Goodman have identified six species of scorpions that live in treetops.

Esposito advocates for the importance of scientific research.

She also wants science to be inclusive. She the co-founder of the network 500 Queer Scientists. 500 Queer Scientists is a website showing that LGBTQ+ people work in the sciences.

Chelsea Connor

Chelsea Connor is a Herpetologist and birder from the Commonwealth of Dominica. While studying in Texas, United States she founded #BlackBirdersWeek. She wants it to be more common to see Black people in the United States out in nature. She wants Black people in America to feel safer when they enjoy nature.

When Christian Cooper was harassed in a park while looking at birds, Connor felt upset. She has also experienced people looking at her with suspicion when she is watching animals outdoors. People think that because she is outside and has binoculars she is doing something wrong. Several Black scientists were trying to think of a response to the attack on Cooper. Anna Gifty Opoku-Agyeman suggested everyone go birding and Connor helped to organize it. Other organizers included Ashley Gary, Sheridan Alford, and Joseph Saunders. The National Audubon Society supported the program.

Each day has a different theme. Some daily themes have been: posting a picture of yourself in nature, posting a picture of a bird, and Question and Answer with Black birders.

Now she celebrates bird watching in Black communities for a week each year. She advocates for black people and their rights. She encourages people to observe and enjoy nature.

Connor does research about native and invasive anoles in Dominica. They are a kind of lizard.

She is a Black, Queer scientist from the Caribbean.

Samantha Bricio

Samantha Bricio (born November 22, 1994) is a Mexican volleyball player. She is an outside hitter. She is the youngest player to be on Mexico’s national team. She also won a gold medal at the Mexican National Games in the 13-to-14-year-old category.

She is from Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico. Her parents are Estella and Guillermo Bricio. Her mother is a retired physical education teacher. She still plays competitive volleyball with other people her age. Her father is a retired banker. Her father played on the Mexican National Basketball team. Her brothers are Nijinsky and Irving.

Bricio went to college at University of Southern California in Los Angeles, CA. Volleyball Magazine awarded her NCAA Freshman of the Year. She then won the Honda Sports Award as the USA’s best collegiate female volleyball player in 2016.

After she graduated in 2016, Bricio went to play for the Italian team called Imoco Volley Conegliano. They won medals at the Italian Cup, Supercup, and the Italian League.

Then she went to play for Fenerbahce in Turkey. They won a silver medal at the Turkish Cup and bronze in the Champions League. She then returned to Italy to play for Savino Del Bene Scandicci. Then she went to Russia to play with Dinamo Kazan.

She currently plays for WVC Dynamo Kazan. She has the reputation of being the best server in the entire world. She won Best Server and Best Scorer at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games.

Juma Xipaia

Juma Xipaia (or Xipaya) is an indigenous Brazilian Amazon activist and the first female Chief of the Middle Xingu region.  She was the first Xipaya (Xipaia) to speak at the headquarters of the United Nations.  She started speaking out and protesting the building of the Belo Monte Dam,  but after receiving many threats and even an attempt on her life she moved to Switzerland in 2018 for a year.  It was there in Switzerland where she spoke at the UN conference.  She is a mother, warrior, and activist who is fighting for the rights of the rainforest.

Juma was born in 1991 west of the city of Altamira in Tucama.  She grew up in a small indigenous community on the Iriri river.   She currently has a husband and kids.  In 2006 she left her village to pursue education.  After she finished high school she went to law school.  She dropped out after less than two years because “law and justice are two very different things." She is now a medical student at the Federal University of Para.

Xipaya protested the $11 billion Belo Monte dam. She exposed corruption within the company. This led to many threats and a nearly successful attempt on her life. "These days I walk a few hundred meters form my house to the university and back, and I never walk alone" she says.

In 2017 Brazil was the world's most dangerous country for enviornmental activists. 57 out of the 201 deaths world wide were in Brazil. Juma exposed corruption in the building of the Belo Monte Mega Dam. After this she received many threats from extortion to death.  For two years a white pickup truck followed her around. In the truck were two armed people that eventually made a life attempt that was nearly successful in killing her and her children.  The police did not help her.   After several more threats Juma moved to Switzerland for a year.

Juma tried to stop the building of the Belo Monte Dam but failed. She watched as her childhood village (Tucama ) change a lot. Their wooden houses were replaced by cement. Everyday new things were added like fridges and processed foods. Juma believes that this was the deliberate destruction of her culture, ethnocide.

Margaret Chung

Margaret Jessie Chung (or “Mom” Chung; Chinese: 張瑪珠; October 2, 1889 – January 5, 1959) was the first Chinese-American doctor that was a woman. She created the first Western Medicine clinic in San Francisco’s Chinatown. Chung was also recruited for a secret mission to enlist American pilots. They became known as the Flying Tigers. She created WAVES, a reserve force for women in the U.S Navy. Chung also worked in the Allied war effort. She used her fame to influence others to join.

Margaret Chung was born in 1889 in Santa Barbara. Chung was the daughter of immigrants and the oldest of eleven children. She grew up in a 24,000 acre ranch located in Ventura County. Chung decided that she wanted to be a doctor at a young age. She needed money to go to school. Chung sold newspapers to make money. Her newspaper, the Los Angeles Times, gave her a scholarship to go to school. Chung was rejected from all hospitals (as a doctor) after she graduated from medical school. She was forced to take a spot at the Santa Fe Railroad Hospital as a surgical nurse. Chung worked at the Mary Thompson Women’s and Children’s Hospital in Chicago. She worked as a state resident at the State Hospital for Criminally Insane in Illinois. Chung moved back to Los Angeles and built a small practice for those that could not pay when she heard about her father’s death.

Chung moved to San Francisco’s Chinatown and started the first Western Medicine clinic there. She continued to work in her L.A clinic. Chung conducted medical exams on seven Navy pilots at the beginning of the Great Depression. These pilots became the first of her “sons”. Chung slowly built out a network of connections. She was a patron of the arts and dined with the L.A Philharmonic. Sometimes, she would make home-cooked meals for them. She would also invite them to her house to provide late meals. Another group, the “Kiwis<nowiki>"</nowiki>, were started by famous stars like Ronald Reagan and Robert Wang. The “Kiwis” could not fly.

Chung gifted all her “sons” a jade Buddha at the beginning of World War II. The “Golden Dolphins” were a group of submarine and naval officers. She also gave them special leather notebooks. Chung worked for the Allied war effort during World War II. She used her fame to influence others to join. Chung supported her “sons” on the front-line with gifts and letters. These gifts and letters connected them with each other.

Chung volunteered to work as a front-line doctor when the Japanese invaded China. She was rejected and given a secret mission. This mission was to recruit American pilots. They became known as the Flying Tigers because of the stripes on their planes. Chung lost some of her “sons” due to the series of wars. She still served home-cooked meals and regularly entertained her remaining “sons”.

Chung also rallied for more women in the U.S military. She created WAVES. This stands for the Women Accepted for Volunteer Emergency Service. WAVES was established in 1942. It was a reserve corps for women in the U.S Navy.

Chung retired and moved to Marin County after these wars. She died of cancer in 1959. She was 69 years old.

List of Kings of Morocco

In 1957, Sultan Mohammed V Of Morocco Was Proclaimed <nowiki>"</nowiki>King<nowiki>"</nowiki>, this list shows the following Monarchs Since 1957:

The Brackets After the Sultan's Name Shows The Name As If They Were The King of Morocco. 

Naked (1993 movie)

Naked is a 1993 British American black comedy-drama movie directed by Mike Leigh and Jesse Peretz. It stars David Thewlis, Lesley Sharp, Katrin Cartlidge, Greg Cruttwell, Claire Skinner, Ewen Bremner, Elizabeth Berrington and was distributed by New Life Pictures.


Adolf Ogi

Adolf Ogi (born 18 July 1942) was a Swiss politician. He was in office from 1987 to 2000. He was the President of the Swiss Confederation in 1993, preceding Otto Stich.

Ami Radunskaya

Ami Elizabeth Radunskaya is an American mathematician and musician. After high school and before college she played cello for the Oakland Symphony in California for several years. Radunskaya is currently a professor of mathematics at Pomona College. She has been on faculty at Pomona College for over twenty years. She is the president of the Association for Women in Mathematics.

Dr. Radunskaya received a bachelor’s degree from the University of California Berkley. She also has a Ph.D. from Stanford University.

Dr. Radunskaya discovered her love of math at the age of four. At the start of her career journey, she tried many different things like chemistry and computer science, but she found her way back to her initial love, math. Now, she is a professor of mathematics at Pomona College. She is also the president of the Association for Women in Mathematics.

Dr. Radunskaya started playing the cello at the age of nine where she started a trio with her two other siblings. After finishing high school at the age of sixteen, she spent ten years studying cello and composition. She then joined the Oakland Symphony. At the age of 23, she decided to quit, and instead explore composition and experimental music.

Dr. Radunskaya received the 2016 mentor award. She has helped over eighty-two of her students to get their Ph.D.’s in mathematics. She was also a subject in the film: 

Schuyler Bailar

Schuyler Bailar is Korean American and the first openly transgender swimmer in NCAA Division I History. Bailar and Katie Ledecky set the U.S. record for the high school women's 400 yard relay. Harvard women’s swimming and diving coach asked Bailar to study and swim at Harvard University. Bailar decided to swim on the men’s team.  He graduated from Harvard in May, 2019. 

Bailar was born in Virginia, USA. He started swimming by himself when he was one year old. He joined a summer swim team when he was four.

Bailar was called a tomboy. He acted and dressed like a boy. He challenged his male classmates in fifth grade to arm wrestling. He won against all but one of the boys.

Bailar attended Georgetown Day School in Washington, D.C. He had a lot of pressure in high school to look feminine and a girl. Bailar did not feel comfortable presenting himself as a girl. He was bullied throughout the entirety of high school for his difference between him and the other girls. He graduated in 2014.

He made the physical gender transition from female to male in a gap year between high school and college. Bailar gave up his high rank as a female swimmer. He chose to be true to himself. Bailar’s Korean identity is important to him. Telling some family members that he is transgender was scary. But his family supported him.

Bailar was recruited by Harvard University. He was recruited for the women's team. Both the women's coach and the men's coach supported Bailar's transition. They let him pick which Harvard swim team to join. Bailar swam on the men's team. 

Bailar studied psychology and cognitive neuroscience at Harvard. He graduated on May 30, 2019. At graduation he won the Harvard Director’s Award, given only when a student who is an athlete does something very important. He was the seventh person to ever receive this award. 

After graduating, Bailar went on a speaking tour to fifteen states. Bailar now works at a financial services company in Seattle, WA. He teaches the employees interpersonal skills. 

Bailar started swimming in competitive meets at age seven. First, he swam with the Sea Devil Swimming team. A few years later he competed in the Junior Olympics. Bailar qualified for his first national meet when he was 13. 

During freshman year of high school Bailar joined the Nation’s Capital Swim Club. He ranked in the top 20 breastrokers in the U.S. in the age group of 15. He had the first back to back All American finishes in the 100-yard breaststroke in 2012. 

Bailar qualified for his first national meet when he was 13. He qualified for the U.S. Open Swimming Championships in 2013. He qualified for the U.S. Open swimming championships (the top U.S. meet when it is not an Olympics year) that year. He was part of a relay team that set the National Age Group Record in the women’s 400 yard medley relay. Bailar’s relay team, consisting of Janet Hu (NCAA Champion), Kylie Jordan (NCAA Qualifier), Katie Ledecky (Gold Medalist Olympian) and himself. They set a U.S. national record for the 400 yard medley relay.  They were all aged 15-18. 

 

List of kings of Romania


Romanian Dynasty: 

Nzingha Prescod

Nzingha Prescod (born August 14, 1992) is an American foil fencer. She is a two-time Olympian. She is a consultant at a financial accounting services company in New York. She started Fencing in the Park. Fencing in the Park teaches fencing to children. Prescod helps children experience fencing. She also helps them develop life skills through fencing.

Prescod was born in Brooklyn, New York. She is the daughter of Homer Richardson and Marva Prescod. She has a sister named Tekeya. Tekeya is also a fencer. Prescod is named after Nzinga Mbande. Nzinga was a warrior queen in Angola. 

Prescod went to high school at Stuyvesant High School. She went to college at Columbia University. She has a Bachelor’s degree in Political Science. She focused on race and ethnicity. 

Prescod started fencing at 9 years old. She started at the Peter Westbrook Foundation. Westbrook is a six-time Olympian and U.S. champion. He has a reputation for training top-level athletes. The foundation teaches fencing and life skills to children. He wants to make fencing visible to people of color and poorer communities. Prescod, her sister, and her best friend got a scholarship to train there. She is right-handed. She had potential, perseverance, and would put in extra practice. She liked thinking about strategy. 

Prescod won her first Youth 10 national competition when she was 10 years old. She on the Under-17 Cadet World Championship wen she was fourteen.

From 2009-2018, Prescod competed in the Senior Word Championships every year but 2012. She ranked in the top five when she was 15 years old. In 2015, Prescod won a Bronze medal. She was the first Black American woman to win an individual medal at that competition. Her team won Silver in 2017 and Gold in 2018. She also got a Silver individual medal and a Gold team medal at the 2011 Pan American Games. Prescod medaled many times in the Junior World Championships and the Cadet World Championships. She has more awards than almost any fencer in the United States.

In 2013, Prescod won the Grand Prix title in Marseille, France. She was the first US female foil fencer to win Gold at that competition.

Prescod fenced in two Olympics, 2012 and 2016. She was 19 when she qualified for the first time. In 2008 she placed fifth and just missed being on the team. She was training for the 2020 Olympics. She hurt her hip and retired from fencing. She had hip replacement surgery in March 2020.

Prescod wants fencing to be more accessible so that more people can try it. She especially wants people of color to be able to try fencing. She started Fencing in the Park to help.

On July 10, 2020, Prescod published "An Open Letter to the USOPC & NGBS," a letter to national fencing associations talking about racist incidents that happened on a Zoom call hosted by USA Fencing. She argued that fencing organizations need to stand up to inequalities and treat Black athletes better. 

Prescod enjoys reading and baking. She also likes shopping and swimming. Serena Williams is her idol.

Evangelina Villegas

Evangelina Villegas (October 24, 1924 – April 24, 2017) was a Mexican food scientist. Villegas invented a type of maize called QPM. QPM (Quality Protein Maize) has twice as much lysine and tryptophan (important amino acids) as regular maize. Kids who consume QPM grow 15% faster than kids who consume regular maize. It puts children at a significantly lowered risk of malnutrition disorders. QPM has helped people around the world. It now makes up 75% of the corn grown in Ghana. 

Villegas attended the National Polytech Institute. She received a bachelor's in chemistry and biology there. She later received her masters in cereal technology from Kansas State in the 1960s. Villegas also earned a PhD in cereal chemistry and breeding from North Dakota State University. 

Evangelina Villegas first worked as a chemist and researcher at Mexico’s National Institute of Nutrition in the 1950s. She then worked in the Wheat Industrial Quality Chemical Laboratory at the Special Studies Office in 1957. Villegas moved on to work at CIMMYT in 1967. 

Villegas worked at CIMMYT from 1967 to 1989. She conducted research to analyze nutrition in corn. She collaborated with Dr. Surinder Vasal. Vasal was a plant breeder. He had a pHd in genetics and plant breeding. Vasal and Villegas worked together to create QPM. QPM saves lives and lowers the risk of malnutrition. It has key amino acids in it to help children. 

Evangelina Villegas was the first woman to get the World Food Prize. Mexico’s National institute for Agriculture honored her. The National Polytech Institute titled Villegas as a Distinguished Former Student in 1972. The National Polytechnic Institute’s school of Biological Sciences also honored her six years later. Villegas was added to Alpha Delta Kappa’s List of International Women of Distinction. She received the Lazardo Cardenas medal in 2001. 

Bachant

Bachant () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 2,306 people lived there.


Bachy

Bachy () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,747 people lived there.


Bailleul, Nord

Bailleul () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 15,019 people lived there.


Baisieux

Baisieux () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 4,784 people lived there.


Advanced Aeromarine Buccaneer II

The Buccaneer is an ultralight high wing flying boat. Production begon in 1984.


1960 AFC Asian Cup

The 1960 AFC Asian Cup was the 2nd AFC Asian Cup, a football tournament that happens every four years. It is organised by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). The tournament was played in South Korea from 14 October to 23 October 1960. The tournament was a round robin. The hosts South Korea won every single game.

All times are (UTC+9), the time used in South Korea.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Cho Yoon-Ok scored the most goals. He scored 4 goals. 19 goals were scored by 13 different players. There were no own goals.

4 goals
2 goals


1 goal


1964 AFC Asian Cup

The 1964 AFC Asian Cup was the 3rd AFC Asian Cup, a football tournament that happens every four years. It is organised by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). The tournament was played in Israel from 26 May to 3 June 1964.

The tournament was a round-robin. The hosts Israel won every game.

11 out of the 16 nations withdrew from qualifying. That meant South Korea and India automatically qualified.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Inder Singh and Mordechai Spiegler scored the most goals. They each scored 2 goals. 13 goals were scored by 11 different players. There were no own goals.




List of airports in the Netherlands

A list of all of the airports in the Netherlands.

École pratique des hautes études

École pratique des hautes études (EPHE) it is an institution of advanced studies in Paris. It is not a university in the classical sense.

EPHE was founded on July 31, 1868 by a decree of the French Minister of Education Victor Duruy and is one of the grandes écoles. The main idea was to prepare students for research by participating in research practice. No diplomas were requested or awarded.

EPHE has trained professionals in Asian and Islamic studies and, among them, investment bankers, diplomats and military officers specializing in these fields.




Walter Korpi

Walter Korpi (Koutojärvi, , ) is a sociologist. Together with the politician and sociologist Joakim Palme, they wrote "The Paradox of Redistribution and Strategies of Equality". There are some detractors about its principles. 

He entered Stockholm University in 1958 and received a degree in philosophy from Stockholm University four years later. He also studied at the University of Colorado at Boulder between 1955 and 1956. 

From 1959 to 1964 he worked as a sociologist at the Militärpsykologiska institutet (Institute of Military Psychology) and from 1965 to 1966 at the Swedish Metalworkers Union. He then worked as an associate professor in the Department of Sociology at Stockholm University (1966-1968). He then worked as a professor of sociology at Umeå University until 1969 until he returned to the previous university as a professor of sociology until 1972. Since 1972 he became a professor of social policy and continues to do so until then. 

At the beginning, als anys siixanta, Korpi who was at the Institute of Military Psychology is going to focus above all on the attitudes and the welfare of the exèrcit. The publication "Social Pressures and Attitudes in Military Training stands out", the thesis that is going to present what it is worth to license in 1962 in sociology. From the anys setanta, it is going to focus mainly on labor disputes and classes and, to a lesser extent, assistance research. 


Some of the most outstanding awards or recognitions: 


Vera Drake

Vera Drake is a 2004 British French period drama movie directed by Mike Leigh and starring Imelda Staunton, Phil Davis, Daniel Mays, Sandra Voe, Eddie Marsan, Adrian Scarborough, Heather Craney, Sally Hawkins, Gerard Monaco, Ruth Sheen, Jim Broadbent, Lesley Manville, Lesley Sharp. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 2005.


Paris Dauphine University

The Université Paris-Dauphine (Dauphine) is one of the seven universities in Paris.

Created in 1971 after the division of the University of Paris with the name ""Université Paris-IX"", in 2004 it took the current name of ""Université Paris-Dauphine"", as well as the status of a large institution, but not a university.



Baives

Baives () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 168 people lived there.


List of heads of state of Romania

This is the list of heads of state of Romania.



Breaking and Entering (movie)

Breaking and Entering is a 2006 British American romantic crime drama movie directed by Anthony Minghella and starring Jude Law, Juliette Binoche, Robin Wright, Ray Winstone, Anna Chancellor, Martin Freeman. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Antigone

Antigone may mean:


Vomer bone

Located in the center of the nasal cavity, the vomer is a thin, unpaired bone of the face and skull (cranium). This small, trapezoidal bone serves as part of the nasal septum, which is the middle wall of the nasal respiratory cavity.

Electrical resistance and conductance

Resistance, measured in ohms (symbolized by the Greek letter omega - Ω), is a measure of the opposition to current flow in an electrical circuit.

When an electron moves through a conductor like a metal wire, is when an electric current would flow. Colliding of different moving ions in the metal makes it harder for current to flow which is what causes resistance.

The longer a wire is, the more resistance there is because of the amount of collisions within being more as they pass; this means that the relationship between the two are proportional.

On the other hand, the thinner a wire is, the more resistance. This is because of the space of the passing ions being less meaning the collisions increase. That makes them inversely proportional.

As Resistance increases, current decreases making them inversely proportional.

Resistance can be calculated by measuring current via an ammeter and potential difference via a voltmeter and using Ohm’s law.

or

Or

Which can be re-arranged to calculate current:

Paul Jennings Hill

Paul Jennings Hill (February 6, 1954 – September 3, 2003) was an American minister and anti-abortion extremist who murdered physician John Britton (1925–1994) and his bodyguard James Barrett (1919–1994) on July 29, 1994 in Pensacola, Florida.

Nine years after the murder, Paul was executed by lethal injection on September 3, 2003. He was the first person in the United States to be executed for murdering an abortion doctor.

Plectrohyla hartwegi

Harweg's spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla hartwegi") is a frog that lives in Mexico, Honduras, and Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 925 and 2700 meters above sea level.

Weißdorf

Weißdorf is a municipality in Upper Franconia in Hof in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Saale River.

Zell im Fichtelgebirge

Zell im Fichtelgebirge, formerly Zell (official name until July 2007) is a market town in Hof in Bavaria in Germany.

The center of the market parish is between the towns of Hof and Bayreuth, about 5 km from the B 2 federal road and about 10 km from the A 9 motorway. The River Saale rises on the Waldstein ridge in the Fichtelgebirge near Zell im Fichtelgebirge.

Abensberg

Abensberg () is a town in Kelheim, in Bavaria, Germany, placed about 30 km southwest of Regensburg, 40 km east of Ingolstadt, 50 northwest of Landshut and 100 km north of Munich. It is on the river Abens, a tributary of the Danube.

The town is on the Abens river, a tributary of the Danube, about eight kilometres from the river's source. The area around Abensberg is by the valley of the Danube, where the Weltenburg Abbey stands, the valley of the Altmühl in the north, a left tributary of the Danube, and the famous Hallertau hops-planting region in the south. The town is divided into the municipalities of Abensberg, Arnhofen, Holzharlanden, Hörlbach, Offenstetten, Pullach and Sandharland.

Since the administrative reforms in Bavaria in the 1970s, the town also surrounds the following "Ortsteile":


Aiglsbach

Aiglsbach is a town and municipality in Kelheim, Germany, and a member of the Mainburg administrative partnership, a voluntary resource-pooling agreement with three surrounding municipalities.

Aiglsbach is between Regensburg and Munich, and between Ingolstadt and Landshut. The municipality has the following settlements: Aiglsbach, Berghausen, Gasseltshausen, Oberpindhart, Pöbenhausen, Radertshausen, Buch, Haselbuch, Gerblhäuser, Straßberg, Lindach and Moosham.

Pritam Singh

Pritam Singh is a Singaporean politician, lawyer and writer. He became the Workers' Party's secretary-general in 2018. He also became the Leader of the Opposition in the 2020 general election. He is the Member of Parliament for Aljunied Group Representation Constituency for Eunos since 2011. In 2020, his party became the largest opposition party in Parliament. After this, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong officially appointed him as Leader of the Opposition.

Shake It Up (Indian TV show)

Shake It Up is an Indian sitcom that aired on Disney Channel India in 2013. The series premiered from March 30, 2013 to November 11, 2013 on that channel. It is an Indian adaptation of the 2010–2013 American television series of the "same name". The series was created by Chris Thompson.

It revolves around the misadventures of best friends Neeladri (who is nicknamed Neel) Walia and Yashpal (who is nicknamed Yash) Mehta, two confident and energetic 13-year-old boys who are skilled dancers and are on the threshold of taking their steps into the world of professional dancing. The two boys are played by Sparsh Shrivastav and Ojas Godatwar.



Palak Pe Jhalak

Palak Pe Jhalak () is an Indian supernatural teen sitcom television series that is a adaptation of the American series "That's So Raven". The series was produced by "Rose Audio Visuals" and it premiered on September 27, 2015 on Disney Channel India and ended on December 9, 2015. The show has one season that only has 21 episodes in it.

The show's setting is in Delhi and it revolves around a teenager named Nysha Kapoor (Ayesha Kaduskar), her friends, and her family members; mother (Khyati Keswani), father (Nitesh Pandey), brother (Arush Rana), and her best friends Ishaan (Vaibhav Thakkar) and Tara (Anam Anuji) . The title character drew on her psychic powers, ingenuity, and talent as a fashion designer as well as a variety of disguises to get into and out of amusing adolescent and pre-adolescent situation.

Ahidus

Ahidus () is the traditional dance of Berber tribes originated from northwestern Africa. It is the favourite entertainment of the Berber tribes in Morocco and some parts of Algeria.

The origins of Ahidus are unknown because of the lack of research studies. Ahidus is believed to be originated from the Berber tribe of Zenata.
The starting formation of the dance was done by making a closed circle which represented the unity between the performers and the inhabitants of the tribe. The lead dancer would stand in the middle and guide the group.

An important aspect of Ahidus is the traditional dance. Men wears white djellaba and turban representing the symbol of peace. As for women, they were free to wear either white or colourful kaftans coupled with silver jewellery.

Arab-Berber

Arab-Berber ( "al-ʿarab wa-l-barbar") is an ethnolinguistic group of the Maghreb, a large region of North Africa along the Mediterranean Sea. Arab-Berbers are people of mixed Arab and Berber origin, many speak a variant of Maghrebi Arabic as their native language,

Ballum

Ballum is a village on the western half of the island of Ameland and the smallest of the total of four villages on the island. It is on an island in the north of the Netherlands.

It also holds Ameland airport in the northwest of Ballum.

The village has a population of 350.


Constantine III of Scotland

Causantín mac Cuiléin (, 4 April 954 – 3 July 997) often known as Constantine III and also nicknamed the Bald () was the King of Scotland from 995 until his death in 997. The son of King Culen of Scotland (Cuilén mac Iduilb), Constantine succeded his distant relative, King Kenneth II (Cináed mac Maíl Coluim) in 995. Constantine apparently led a successful rebellion agaisnt Kenneth due to killing Constantine's father 24 years earlier in 971.

Just like his predecessors, during Constantine's reign, the kingdom mainly fought off the vikings. He also had control over many other kingdoms and greatly expanded Scotland. In 997 two years after becoming king, Constantine was killed in another rebellion led by his distant relative, Cináed mac Dub who immediately became king as Kenneth III. Apparently, Kenneth killed Constantine in revenge of what Constantine's father did to Kenneth's father, King Dub (Dub mac Maíl Coluim).

Bad Abbach

Bad Abbach is a municipality in Kelheim, Bavaria, Germany.


Biburg

Biburg is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Elsendorf

Elsendorf is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Essing

Essing is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Altmühl.

Hausen, Lower Bavaria

Hausen is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Herrngiersdorf

Herrngiersdorf is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Herrngiersdorf is south of Langquaid and consists of Herrngiersdorf, Sandsbach, Semerskirchen, and Sittelsdorf.

Ihrlerstein

Ihrlerstein is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Kelheim

Kelheim () is a town and municipality in Bavaria, Germany. It is the capital of the district Kelheim and is at the convergence of the rivers Altmühl and Danube. Kelheim has a population of around 15,750.


Kirchdorf, Lower Bavaria

Kirchdorf is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Langquaid

Langquaid is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Villages associated to the administration (Ortsteil) of Langquaid are



Neustadt an der Donau

Neustadt an der Donau is a town in Lower Bavaria on the Danube in Bavaria, Germany. Placed on the western border of Kelheim, Neustadt is firstly known for the thermal spa Bad Gögging. Neustadt had a population of 12,753 as of December 31, 2003.

The city is halfway between Ingolstadt and Regensburg, on an about wide gravel plain of the Danube valley, which at this point is south of the wooded foothills of the tertiary Donau-Isar hill country of the Hallertau and surrounded on the north by the limestone slope of the southern Franconian Alb. The rivers Ilm and Abens flow into the Danube in the city.

The township has 22 districts Arresting, Bad Gögging, Deisenhofen, Eining, Geibenstetten, Haderfleck, Heiligenstadt, Hienheim, Irnsing, Irnsing-Steinbruch, Karpfenstein, Lina, Marching, Mauern, Mulhouse, Niederulrain, Oberulrain, Schwaig, Sittling, Umbertshausen and Wöhr .
The area heavily dominated by agriculture; asparagus and in particular hops play a special role.
Surrounding communities of Neustadt are Abensberg, Altmannstein, Biburg, Kelheim, Mindelstetten, Münchsmünster, Pförring and Siegenburg.


Crenichthys baileyi

The White River springfish ("Crenichthys baileyi") is a fish that lives in North America.

There are subspieces of this fish:

Colette of Corbie

Early in the 15th century St. Colette of Corbie (1381–1447), in France, sought to reform the order. She restored the primitive observance in 17 monasteries during her lifetime and reasserted the strict principle of poverty; her followers came to be called the Colettine Poor Clares, or Poor Clares of St. Colette (P.C.C.), and today are located mostly in France. The Capuchin Sisters, originating in Naples in 1538, and the Alcantarines, of 1631, are also Poor Clares of the strict observance.

Railroad Valley springfish

The Railroad Valley springfish ("Crenichthys nevadae") is a fish that lives in North America. It lives in Nevada in the United States of America.

This fish is 6 cm long.

People have seen the Railroad Valley springfish in six places where the water comes out of the ground hot. The fish came there as Railroad Lake dried up. Currently, they still live in Big, North, Hay Corral, and Reynolds Springs, but they have disappeared from the other places. People have also brought them to live in ponds in other places, for example Sadaville, Creek Canyon, and Chimney Spring. Scientists have not checked if it has a bad effect on the places people brought it.

It is endangered because people brought other fish to the places where it lives. It is also endangered because human beings take water out of their streams and ponds, because human beings change the places where it lives, and because cows and other livestock step on the fish when they come to their ponds to drink water.

Intel Core i9 12900K

Intel Core i9 12900K is a 12th generation Intel Core processors. It has 16 cores and 24 threads. It is based on big.LITTLE design. The 8 cores are performance-focused, running at 3.2 GHz. The other 8 cores are efficiency-focused, running at 2.4 GHz. It also has 30 MB cache.

Zaza (1939 movie)

Zaza is a 1939 American romantic drama movie directed by George Cukor and is the third version of the French play of the same name by Pierre Berton. It stars Claudette Colbert, Herbert Marshall, Bert Lahr, Helen Westley, Constance Collier, Genevieve Tobin, Ann E. Todd, Rex O'Malley and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Dr. Bhim Rao Ambedkar College

Dr. Bhim Rao Ambedkar College is a constituent college of the University of Delhi. It was established on 8 February 1991 during the birth centenary year of B. R. Ambedkar. It is sponsored by central Government to cater to the needs of higher education in trans-Yamuna area of Delhi. It is a co-educational institution. 
The college launched four professional courses in the university, namely, BA (Hons) Business Economics, BA (Hons) Social Work, BA (Hons) Hindi Journalism and Mass Communication, and BA (Hons) Applied Psychology. The prominent academic programs include B.Com & B.Com (Hons.), B.A. (Hons.) Geography, B.A. (Hons.) History and B.A. (Programme).


Savage Islands

The Savage Islands or Selvagens Islands are a small Portuguese island group in the North Atlantic Ocean. It is south of Madeira, and north of the Canary Islands. 

The Savage Islands are part of Macaronesia (island groups of the North Atlantic Ocean, near Europe and off the coast of Morocco in North Africa). The islands is about from Madeira, and from the Canary Islands. The island group includes two most important islands, Selvagem Grande and Selvagem Pequena, which are both surrounded by reefs, with the total area of 2.73  km. The islands are administered as part of the Portuguese municipality of Funchal, belongs to the Madeiran civil parish of Sé.

It was designated a natural reserve in 1971, it is an important nesting point for species of birds. Since then, the bird populations and nearby waters have been protected by the Portuguese government. The islands are remote and is largely uninhabited.

Painten

Painten is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Riedenburg

Riedenburg () is a town in Kelheim, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Altmühl, northwest of Kelheim and northeast of Ingolstadt. Prunn Castle () is in Riedenburg.

The town is on the Rhine–Main–Danube Canal.

Rohr in Niederbayern

Rohr in Niederbayern is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Rohr in Niederbayern is twinned with:


Saal an der Donau

Saal is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany. It is along the border of the Danube River, around 25 km southwest of Regensburg.

Villages associated to the administration (Ortsteil) of Saal are 


Siegenburg

Siegenburg is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Teugn

Teugn is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.


Train, Bavaria

Train () is one of the many municipalities of Germany in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Volkenschwand

Volkenschwand is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Wildenberg

Wildenberg is a municipality in Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.

Abtswind

Abtswind is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Biebelried

Biebelried is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Plectrohyla tecunumani

The cave spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla tecunumani") is a frog that lives in Guatemala. Scientists have only seen it three times. It lives very high above sea level. Scientists saw it in the Sierra de Cuchumatanes in western Guatemala at 3200 to 3395 meters above sea level.

Carl Quintanilla

Carl Quintanilla (born September 10, 1970) is an American journalist and co-anchor of Squawk on the street and anchor of Squawk Alley, which is a morning programs on CNBC.

Quintanilla was born in Midland, Michigan. When he was in high school, he interned at Westword Magazine in Denver in Michigan.

Quintanilla is a political science student from University of Colorado Boulder. He later serve as a reporter in Daily Camera in Boulder from 1991 - 1993.

The Dumping Ground

The Dumping Ground (also informally referred to as "the DG") is a British children's television drama series that focuses on the lives and experiences of young people who live in a care home with their care workers in care, broadcast on CBBC since 4 January 2013. The series is a continuation of "Tracy Beaker Returns" and the first series, consisting of thirteen, thirty-minute episodes, was commissioned in early 2012.


Regina Pawłowska

Regina Pawłowska (22 September 1935 Mogilev– 19 April 2021) was a Polish scholar, philologist, linguist, and professor of humanities. She was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta.

She graduated from . She taught at this university, and at the University of Gdańsk. In 1968 she obtained a doctoral degree with the thesis, "From the history of the Polish language in Gdańsk in the seventeenth century." 

On March 12, 2003, she received the title of professor of humanities. In her scientific work she specialized in the field of linguistics and methodology of teaching Polish literature and language.

She is buried in the Witomiński cemetery in Gdynia.

Janina Suchorzewska

Janina Stefania Suchorzewska, pseudonym "Myszka" (born née Tatarkiewicz 31 March 1930 Warsaw - 20 April 2021 Gdynia) was a Polish anesthesiologist, scout, and participant of the Warsaw Uprising. She was awarded the Honorary Badge of the Polish Red Cross (1959, 1970), the Gold Cross of Merit (1989), the Medal of the National Education Commission (2000) and the Order of Polonia Restituta (2001) .

In 1942, she became a member of the Grey Ranks. She participated in the Warsaw Uprising .

She was employed as a professor and manager at the Department of Anesthesiology and Intensive Care at the Faculty of Medicine of the Medical University of Gdańsk She was an associate professor at the Medical University of Gdańsk. Among the doctors taught by her were: Maria Wujtewicz (1985), Andrzej Basiński (1989), Romuald Lango (1998), Anna Paprocka-Lipińska (1999).

She rescued the wounded during the 1970 Polish protests, during martial law, she protected the opposition from arrest

She died on April 20, 2021 at the age of 91. She is buried in the Catholic cemetery in Sopot.

She was the daughter the Warsaw lawyer Jan Tatarkiewicz, and of Zofia; and niece of the historian of philosophy, Władysław Tatarkiewicz.

SK Vorwärts Steyr

SK Vorwärts Steyr is an an Austrian association football club from Steyr, Upper Austria. The club was founded on April 14th, 1919. He is one of the oldest football clubs in Upper Austria. 1988 till 1996 they played in the Bundesliga. In 1999 the club went bankrupt and started again in lower leagues in 2001. In 2018 they were promoted to the Austrian Second League. 
"As of 6 December 2021."


Velle (movie)

Velle () is a 2021 Indian Hindi-language crime comedy film directed by Deven Munjal and produced by Nandini Sharma, Aarushi Malhotra and Rajnish Khanuja. The film follows a script narration on one end, and four immature kids trying to correct a plan gone wrong on the other. The screenplay and dialogues are written by Pankaj Kumar. The film is a remake of the Telugu film "Brochevarevarura". The film was released on December 10, 2021.

Riya, a school principal's daughter and her gang of high school friends, Rahul, Rambo, and Raju, lead carefree lives full of mischief. However, when she's warned away from the others by her father, the group decides to teach him a lesson.


Dagobert III

Dagobert III (698 - December 715) was King of the Franks from 711 until 715. Like many kings of the time, not much is known of him.

Grupo Clarín

Grupo Clarín S.A. (English: Clarin Group) is the largest media conglomerate in Argentina.
This group was officially formed in 1999, it includes, among other media, the daily Clarín (the newspaper with the largest circulation in Latin America), the company Artear, which operates and markets the television network El Trece based in Buenos Aires, the news channel Todo Noticias and the cable operator Cablevisión, along with dozens of companies such as publishing houses, radio and television stations, television production companies, Internet providers, telecommunications, graphic printers, traditional mail and outsourcing services.

Some of the companies that form part of the conglomerate are:

Jean-Paul Pier

Jean-Paul Pier (July 5, 1933 – December 14, 2016) was a math scholar from Luxembourg. He worked on harmonic analysis and history of mathematics.

In 1971, he made the ""Séminaire de mathématiques" (Mathematics Seminar)" at the "Centre universitaire de Luxembourg" (now the University of Luxembourg).

In 1989, he made the Luxembourg Mathematical Society. He was president of this Society from 1989 to 1993 and from 1995 to 1998.

During the school year 1994–1995, he was a visiting professor at the Université catholique de Louvain.

He died in Bettembourg, Luxembourg on December 14, 2016 at the age of 83.

343 Industries

343 Industries is a video game developer owned by the American technology company Microsoft, and is located in Redmond, Washington. They are responsible for the Halo video game franchise after taking over from Bungie Studios.

Bungie was a video game developer working on their next project when Microsoft bought them in 2000. "", the game they were working on, turned into a launch title for Microsoft's Xbox console. Bungie and Microsoft never fit together very well. After the release of "Halo 2", Bungie started trying to get better profit sharing for their next game, "Halo 3". These discussions led to Bungie becoming independent from Microsoft in 2007. While Bungie was still had a contract to make new "Halo" games, Microsoft owned the franchise. Xbox general manager Bonnie Ross said that her coworkers thought "Halo" was a dying franchise and looked at contracting an outside company to make new games. Ross really liked the series, and she wanted a different approach. Ross' pitch convinced Microsoft Game Studios general manager Shane Kim, and she was put in charge of a new internal "Halo" studio, 343 Industries. The studio was named after the "Halo" character 343 Guilty Spark.

343 Industries started with roughly a dozen workers in late 2007. Bungie employee Frank O'Connor helped with the transition. He quit Bungie to serve as 343 Industries' franchise director. During the transition, 343 Industries worked with the company Starlight Runner to interview Bungie employees and put together a central story for the franchise. 343 Industries also worked with Bungie on their last "Halo" projects, "" (2009) and "" (2010). art director Kiki Wolfkill, who joined the team as a studio head. During the transition, 343 Industries worked with the company Starlight Runner to interview Bungie staff and compile a centralized story bible for the universe. 343 Industries also worked with Bungie on their last "Halo" projects, "" (2009) and "" (2010).

Memento mori

Memento mori (Latin for 'remember that you [have to] die') is an artistic figure of speech. It is a reminder that nobody can avoid death. It has been written on many gravestones.

Bambecque

Bambecque () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 806 people lived there.


Royal Canadian Army Cadets

The Royal Canadian Army Cadets (often shortened to "army cadets") is a national program for young people in Canada. The Department of National Defense, private sponsors, nearby communities, and the Army Cadet League of Canada pay for the program. People between the ages of 12 and 18 inclusive can join this program for free, and they are led by the officers of the Canadian Forces Cadet Instructor Cadre (CIC). Army cadets are not members of the Canadian Armed Forces (CAF) and do not have to join the Army when they finish being RCACs.

The army cadets use a top-down rank structure similar to the Canadian Army.

The rank of Lance Corporal can have a different name depending on the Canadian Army regiment sponsoring them. For example, a corps sponsored by a Highland regiment will have different rank names than a corps sponsored by the Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery.

In a corps sponsored by the Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery, the rank of Master Corporal (MCpl) is called Master Bombardier (MBdr), and the rank of Corporal is called Bombardier (Bdr) instead of the usual names. In the guards regiments, Warrant Officers (WO) are known as Colour Sergeants (CSgt), and Second Lieutenants are known as Ensigns. A cadet cannot hold the rank of Second Lieutenant, as it is an officer rank.

Canadian Cadets who perform very well in their duties as a cadet can be given medals and awards, which are worn on their uniform. The medals are similar in style to the medals given to CAF service members. Cadets may be awarded medals if they show bravery, citizenship, cadet service, service during a summer training course, and more. Cadets may also wear any that they have received.

In the cadets, there are several honours and awards cadets from all branches (Army, Sea, and Air) and some that are unique to each. A cadet who goes from from one element to another can still wear any medals from their previous service, but generally, army cadets may have the chance to receive following eight honours and awards. These awards are listed in the order of importance.

The Canterville Ghost

"The Canterville Ghost" is a short story by Oscar Wilde in which a girl befriends the ghost haunting Canterville Chase and helps him cross over into the afterlife. Horace B. Otis and his family move into Canterville Chase, which is haunted by the ghost of Sir Simon, who killed his wife there.

List of kings of Iraq

This List shows List of Iraqi monarchs from 1920 until 1958. 

Edmund Schulthess

Edmund Schulthess Jr. (March 2, 1868–April 22, 1944) was the 12th President of Switzerland. He held that title four times. He was also a Swiss Federal Council member (1912-1935).

Schulthess was born on March 2, 1868 in Villnachern. His parents were Edmund Schulthess Sr. (1826-1906) and C.B. Marth. He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on July 17, 1912. He handed over office on April 15 1935. During his time in office, he held the following departments:


He died on April 22, 1944 in Bern.

Uttarakhand Fire and Emergency Services

The Uttarakhand Fire and Emergency Services is the public service department of the Government of Uttarakhand whose function is to fire fighting and emergency serices in Uttarakhand. It is responsible for the provision of fire protection and life safety as well as responding to building collapses, drownings, gas leakage, oil spillage, road and rail accidents, bird and animal rescues, fallen trees and taking appropriate action during natural disasters. The department has now 46 Fire stations consisting of nearly 1400 executive personnel and nearly 98 ministerial staff. The Headquarters the department is situated at Dehradun.

Uttarakhand Fire department came into existence with the formation of Uttarakhand state i.e. on 9 November 2000. Earlier it has 22 fire stations.
Today, Uttarakhand Fire and Emergency service has 34 fire station and 12 fire units including 4 fire stations and 1 fire unit dedicated to industrial area.

The head of the Department is the Director General (D.G.) who is the rank of the D.G.P., I.P.S. rank and under him there is a Inspector General who is the rank of the I.G., I.P.S. and Deputy Inspector General who is the rank of the D.I.G., I.P.S. and at the Headquarters, and a Deputy Director (Technical) at the Uttarakhand Fire and Emergency Services Headquarters, Dehradun. There are 13 districts, located in Almora, Bageshwar, Chamoli, Champawat, Dehradun, Haridwar, Nainital, Pauri Garhwal, Rudraprayag, Tehri Garhwal, Udham Singh Nagar and Uttarkashi where Chief Fire Officers are in charge. Each district has a Chief Fire Office and under each Chief Fire Officer there are Fire Stations where a Station Officer as the station in charge.

At each station, in addition to Fire Station Officer there are Fire Station Second Officer, Leading Firemen, Fire Service Driver, and Firemen.

Officers


Sub-ordinates






Institut national des sciences appliquées de Lyon

Institut national des sciences appliquées de Lyon (INSA Lyon) is an engineering school. The university is located on the campus of La Doua - LyonTech, in a cluster of science and technology universities and "Grandes Écoles". La Doua is located in Villeurbanne, a suburb of Lyon.

The school was founded in 1957 to train highly qualified engineers, support continuing education and conduct research. The five-year curriculum aims to train engineers who possess human qualities and knowledge in science and engineering. Students can pursue a doctorate at the end of the 5-year curriculum. INSA graduates in Lyon are called "Insaliens".



FC Dornbirn

FC Dornbirn 1913 is an Austrian association football club from Dornbirn, Vorarlberg. They play in the 2. Liga, the 2nd level of Austrian football. The club was founded on March 12th, 1913. The homeground is the Birkenwiese stadium. They played four seasons in the top level league of Austrian football.


1954/55, 1959/60, 1962/63, 1969/70, 1973/1974, 1974/75, 1984/85, 1987/88, 1996/97, 2003/04
2018/19 , 2008/09 , 1987/88 , 1973/74 , 1968/69 , 1962/63 


Jamaica Inn (movie)

Jamaica Inn is a 1939 British adventure thriller movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock and was based on the 1936 novel of the same name by Daphne du Maurier. It stars Charles Laughton, Maureen O'Hara, Leslie Banks, Robert Newton, Marie Ney, Horace Hodges, Herbert Lomas, Clare Greet, Emlyn Williams, Mabel Terry-Lewis, George Curzon and was distributed by Mayflower Productions.


Young Violets Austria Wien

The Young Violets Vienna are the second team of FK Austria Wien. Till 2018 the name of the team was FK Austria Wien Amateure. The Young Violets are playing in the Regionalliga Ost, the third level in Austrian football.

"As of 7 February 2022."


Plectrohyla pokomchi

The Rio Sananja spikethumb frog ("Plectrohyla pokomchi") is a frog that lives in Guatemala. It lives in cloud forests 1400 to 2120 meters above sea level.

2022 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2022 UEFA Champions League Final was the final match of the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League, the 67th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA. It was played at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, France, on 28 May 2022, between English club Liverpool and Spanish club Real Madrid. It was the third time the two sides have met in the European Cup final, after 1981 and 2018, the third final held here, after the 2000 and 2006 finals, and the first time the same two teams have met in three finals.

This was the first final to be played in front of a full attendance since the 2019 final, as the previous two finals were affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The final was originally scheduled to be played at the Allianz Arena in Munich, Germany. After the postponement and relocation of the 2020 final, the final hosts were moved back a year, so the 2022 final was given to the Krestovsky Stadium in Saint Petersburg. Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine on 24 February, UEFA called an extraordinary meeting of the executive committee, where it was expected to officially remove the match out of Russia. A day later, it announced the final would move to the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, located just north of Paris.

Real Madrid won the match 1–0 via a 59th-minute goal from Vinícius Júnior for a record-extending 14th title, and their 5th in nine years. As the winners of the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League, Real Madrid earned the right to play against the winners of the 2021–22 UEFA Europa League, Eintracht Frankfurt, in the 2022 UEFA Super Cup. Additionally, the winners regularly qualify for the annual FIFA Club World Cup. However, the tournament's status remains uncertain, following FIFA's proposal for a format improvement.

Liverpool played in their 10th European Cup/UEFA Champions League final. They had previously won six finals (in 1977, 1978, 1981, 1984, 2005 and 2019) and lost three (in 1985, 2007 and 2018). This was the fourth UEFA Champions League final for manager Jürgen Klopp, after his loss with Borussia Dortmund in 2013 and the Liverpool finals in 2018 and 2019. In addition to their six European Cup/UEFA Champions League titles, Liverpool also played in one European Cup Winners' Cup final, losing in 1966 against Borussia Dortmund, and in four UEFA Cup/Europa League finals, winning in 1973, 1976 and 2001 and losing in 2016. Their manager Jürgen Klopp was looking to become the fourth successive German to manage a Champions League-winning club.

Real Madrid played in a record 17th European Cup/UEFA Champions League final, and the first since their win in 2018 against Liverpool. They previously won 13 finals (in 1956, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1966, 1998, 2000, 2002, 2014, 2016, 2017 and 2018) and lost three (1962, 1964 and 1981). Their manager Carlo Ancelotti reached a record fifth UEFA Champions League final as manager, winning in 2003 and 2007 and losing in 2005 while in charge of Milan, and winning the 2014 final with Real Madrid, and was looking to become the first manager in history to win four UEFA Champions League titles and eight European trophies. Real Madrid also played in two European Cup Winners' Cup finals (losing in 1971 and 1983) and two UEFA Cup finals (winning in 1985 and 1986).

This was a record-third time that the two teams meet in the final, after the 1981 final, which was held in the Parc des Princes in Paris and in which Liverpool prevailed 1–0, and the 2018 final held at the Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex in Kyiv, which was won 3–1 by Real Madrid. This was also the third final for Carlo Ancelotti as manager against Liverpool, after the 2005 and 2007 finals; he also lost the 1984 final as a player for Roma. This was the sixth time a Spanish side met a English team in the final of the competition, after the 1981, 2006 (won by Barcelona against Arsenal), the 2009 and 2011 finals (both won by Barcelona against Manchester United), and the 2018 final.

Besides the 1981 and 2018 finals, the two clubs met each other six times. Liverpool won both matches in the 2008–09 UEFA Champions League round of 16 (1–0 away and 4–0 at home). The two clubs were drawn in the same group in the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League group stage, with Real Madrid winning 3–0 away and 1–0 at home. In the 2020–21 quarter-finals, the Spanish side won 3–1 at home and held a 0–0 draw at Anfield to ensure progression to the semi-finals.

"In the following table, finals until 1992 were in the European Cup era, since 1993 were in the UEFA Champions League era."
The final was originally awarded to the Allianz Arena in Munich, Germany. When the forced the 2020 final to be relocated from the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul to the Estádio da Luz in Lisbon, the Allianz Arena was reawarded with the 2023 final and the 2022 final was given to the original host of the 2021 final, the Krestovsky Stadium in Saint Petersburg.

Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, UEFA organised an emergency meeting of its executive committee on 25 February, at which it decided to move the final to the Stade de France in Saint-Denis. Other cities proposed as replacement hosts were Amsterdam, Barcelona, Munich and Rome. This was the first UEFA Champions League final to take place in France since 2006.

An open bidding process was launched on 28 September 2018 by UEFA to select the venues of the finals of the UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League, and UEFA Women's Champions League in 2021. Associations had until 26 October 2018 to express interest, and bid information must be submitted by 15 February 2019. UEFA announced on 1 November 2018 that two associations had expressed interest in hosting the 2021 UEFA Champions League final, and on 22 February 2019 that both associations submitted their information by the deadline.

The Krestovsky Stadium was selected by the UEFA Executive Committee during their meeting in Ljubljana, Slovenia on 24 September 2019, where the hosts for the 2021 and 2023 UEFA Champions League finals were also appointed.

On 17 June 2020, the UEFA Executive Committee announced that due to the postponement and relocation of the 2020 final caused by the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe, Saint Petersburg would instead host the 2022 final.

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."
The original logo of the 2022 UEFA Champions League Final at Saint Petersburg was unveiled at the group stage draw on 26 August 2021 in Istanbul.

The ambassadors for the final were former Liverpool and Real Madrid forwards Ian Rush and . Originally, former Russia and Zenit Saint Petersburg forward Andrey Arshavin was chosen to be the ambassador, though this was changed after the final's relocation to Saint-Denis. Rush was previously chosen as an ambassador for the 2017 UEFA Champions League Final at Cardiff, Wales, in which Real Madrid defeated Juventus.

On 11 May 2022, UEFA named Frenchman Clément Turpin as the referee for the final. He was joined by five of his fellow countrymen, including assistant referees Nicolas Danos and Cyril Gringore. Benoît Bastien served as the fourth official, while Jérôme Brisard acted as the video assistant referee. Willy Delajod was appointed as one of the assistant VAR officials, along with Italian referees Massimiliano Irrati and Filippo Meli.

Cuban-born American singer Camila Cabello performed for the opening ceremony before the start of the match. Cabello performed her songs "Señorita", "Havana", "Bam Bam" and "Don't Go Yet".

Crowd control descended into chaos at the entrances to the Stade de France prior to the beginning of the match. By 21:00 local time, the originally scheduled kick-off time, thousands of seats remained empty in the Liverpool end. For "security reasons", the kick-off was initially delayed by 15 minutes to 21:15. This was further delayed by 15 minutes to 21:30, before being pushed back another 6 minutes to 21:36, eventually started at 21:37.

The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the quarter-final and semi-final draws.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

SKU Amstetten

SKU Amstetten is an Austrian association football club from Amstetten, Lower Austria. The club was founded in 1997 when ASK Amstetten (founded 1932) and SC Union Amstetten (founded 1946) united. 2018 the club promotet to the Second League.

They reached the quarter-finals of the Austrian Cup in the 2013/14 and 2019/20 seasons. This was their bigest sucess so far.


Banteux

Banteux () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 346 people lived there.


Bantouzelle

Bantouzelle () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 431 people lived there.


Gila topminnow

The Gila topminnow or charalito ("Poeciliopsis occidentalis") is a fish in the family Poeciliidae. It lives in North America and Mexico.

This fish lives in the southern United States and northern Mexico. It lives as far south as the Gila River.

The mosquitofish killed so many Gila topminnows that the Gila topminnow became endangered. People put it on the Endangered Species List in 1973. Since then, human beings brought the fish to many new places where it could live.

This fish is still in some danger because human beings change the places where it lives, because invasive species kill it or eat all the food, and because human beings have changed the water table. When human beings take water from wells for farming and other things, the water sinks lower down in the earth. This can make streams and ponds dry up.

Because this fish now lives in so many places, it is officially not endangered any more. However, scientists are still studying it.

This fish looks like a guppy, but it has no spots on its fins. It is about 2.5 to 5 cm in size. Male fish are black with yellow fins. This fish lives about 1 year.

There are two subspecies:


This fish eats many different kinds of things: dead things, plants, insect larvae, and crustaceans. Sometimes they eat their own babies.

Topminnows keep their eggs inside their bodies until they hatch. There are 1-20 eggs in each brood. Sometimes the mother fish carries two broods at a time. The eggs take 24-28 days to hatch. Young fish hide from the adults so the adults won't eat them.

It is endangered because people brought other fish to the places where it lives. The mosquitofish is the most important of these animals. It is also endangered because human beings take water out of their streams and ponds.

Buchbrunn

Buchbrunn is a municipality in Kitzingen, Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Bayrische Planungsregion 2.

The TSV Buchbrunn (official website featuring a detailed chronicle) was founded in 1947 and is best known for its football and table tennis teams. It also has compartments for children's gymnastics and others.

Castell, Bavaria

Castell is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany. It was the seat of the Counts of Castell. Today it is part of the municipal association Wiesentheid. It has around 800 residents.

Castell is on the western slope of the "Mittelgebirge" Steigerwald in Kitzingen of Franconia. Its territory borders on that of Oberscheinfeld, in the surrounding district of Neustadt (Aisch)-Bad Windsheim.

Castell has seven "Ortsteile": Castell, Forsthaus, Geiersmühle, , Gründleinsmühle, and .

The municipal territory was 2,292 hectares in 2013, of which 1,162 ha were accounted for by forest and 936 by agricultural use. Settlement and transport areas total just 168 ha.

Castell borders on (clockwise from the north) Abtswind, Geiselwind, Oberscheinfeld, Iphofen, Wiesenbronn and Rüdenhausen.



Municipal association (Germany)

Municipal associations () are statutory corporations or public bodies created by statute in the German federal states of Bavaria, Saxony, Thuringia, and Schleswig-Holstein. In Baden-Württemberg the term "stipulated municipal association" () is used.

A municipal association normally consists of several adjoining municipalities in the same district. It is controlled by a political representative, chairperson or executive board. Depending on the state, this person may be officially continue or appointed as mayor. 

The duties of a municipal association usually involve


Daniel Hadad

Gerardo Daniel Hadad (Born, November 28, 1961) is an Argentine media businessman, journalist and lawyer. 

Lawyer and journalist from the Argentine Catholic University (UCA), he continued his postgraduate studies at the University of Navarra in Spain. 

In 2002 he founded Infobae. of great impact for audiences and the media market, it would be one of the fastest growing websites.  Currently it is one of the largest journalistic companies in Latin America, with editions for Argentina, Mexico, Colombia and Latin America, making it one of the most widely read journalistic sites in Spanish in the world.

In 2019 he was declared by the Buenos Aires Legislature, Illustrious Citizen of the City of Buenos Aires. He was also recognized for his career by the University of Buenos Aires.

He is married to Viviana Zocco and has four children.

Faith Ringgold

Faith Ringgold (born October 8, 1930 in Harlem, New York City) is an American painter, writer, mixed media sculptor, and performance artist, best known for her narrative quilts.

Karen Donaldson

Karen Donaldson (1947 - October 28, 2005) was an American Paralympic swimmer. She competed at the 1972 Summer Paralympics, 1976 Summer Paralympics, and 1980 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal in Women's 25 metres Backstroke 1A, and Women's 25 metres Freestyle 1A.

She studied at Wayne State University. She competed at the 1978 Pan‐American Wheelchair Games.

Lisa Ingram

Lisa Ingram (born 1964) is an American basketball player. She competed at the 1983 Pan American Games, winning a gold medal, 1983 FIBA World Championship for Women, winning a silver medal, and 1984 Summer Olympics winning a gold medal.

She played for Northeast Louisiana University.

Evane Hanska

Evane Hanska (Evelyne-Anne Pedrotti 4 April 1944 - 27 April 2021) was a French actress, and writer. She won the 1989 Mottart Prize, for "La Romance de la Goulue."



Maren Heinzerling

Maren Heinzerling (Maren Kämpfe 17 July 1938 - 10 April 2021) was a German engineer. She was was awarded the Federal Cross of Merit , and German Citizens' Prize.

She graduated from Technical University of Munich. She co-founded "Women in Science and Technology". In 1990, she organized the first Munich Girls' Technology Day, which led to Girls' Day. She developed STEM teaching modules.


Roger A. Young

Roger Arliner Young (August 20, 1899-November 9, 1964) was a zoologist, biologist, and marine biologist. She was the first Black American woman to get a Ph.D. in zoology. She is best known for her groundbreaking research in fertilization and her revolutionary article published in "Science" in 1924, “On the Excretory Apparatus in Paramecium.” She was the first Black woman to publish in "Science" magazine or any other biology publication. She was the first Black woman to do research at Woods Hole, in Massachusetts. In fact, in 2005, a Congressional Resolution said she had “broken through many barriers to achieve greatness in science." She also was a co-founder of the Omega Psi Phi fraternity.

Young was born in Clifton Forge, Virginia. She grew up in Burgettstown, Pennsylvania. Young had to take care of her mother. Her mother could not work. Young also had health problems. 

Young attended Howard University. She began when she was twenty-seven years old. She planned to study music. In 1921, she met Ernest Everett Just. She took a biology class from him. He became her mentor. She decided to study zoology. It took Young from 1916-1923 to complete college.

Young started studying for her Ph.D. at the University of Chicago in 1924. The same year, she published her article in "Science" magazine. She completed her Master's degree. Her advisor was Frank Lillie. She was invited to join Sigma Xi, an honors research society, a group that honors good work in science. Usually, Sigma Xi did not offer membership to people with only Master's degrees. She did not pass her exams for her doctoral degree. In January of 1930 she left the university. She felt embarrassed and did not continue trying. In 1937, she began studying under L. V. Heilbrunn at the University of Pennsylvania. In 1940, she finally completed her Ph.D.

Young's research focused on ocean life. Usually she focused on reproduction. She studied how radiation affected sea urchin eggs. She researched salt and water in paramecia. She studied fertilization in paramecia.

Young worked in Just's lab at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, Massachusetts in the summer of 1926. She taught as head of the Howard University zoology department when Just worked on research in Europe. 

After Young left the University of Chicago, she still did research at Woods Hole. She taught at Howard University until 1937. 

Between 1935 and 1938, Young published four articles.

Young became an assistant professor at the North Carolina College for Negroes in Raleigh after she got her Ph.D. She was the head of the Biology department at Shaw University. She then taught for a while in Texas and at Jackson State College in Mississippi. In 1962 she taught at Southern University.

Young suffered from mental health problems her whole life. That is why she changed jobs a lot. She died in New Orleans on November 9, 1964.

Zuleyma Tang-Martinez

Zuleyma Tang-Martinez (born in Venezuela, March 9, 1945) is a Latina Professor Emeritus in Biology at the University of Missouri-Saint Louis. She is well known for her research in animal behavior and in how animals recognize family members. She studies these behaviors in mice, voles, gerbils, and capybaras. Without her research, we would not know much about chemical communication between mammals.

Tang-Martinez was born in Ciudad Bolivar, Venezuela.

She has two younger sisters. Yajarayama Tang-Feldman is now a researcher at the University of California, Davis School of Nursing. Morayma Tang-Martinez lives in Venezuela.

Her father was an accountant. He worked for American oil companies in Venezuela. The companies were all drilling for oil near rainforests. They moved to a new camp every few years. Tang-Martinez liked to observe capybaras and other animals from the rainforest.

When she was seven, Tang-Martinez's family moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma, USA. She lived there for two years.

Later in his life, her father suffered from Alzheimer's Disease.

Tang-Martinez returned to the United States for high school. The oil camps' schools did not have high school.

She studied biology at Saint Louis University. She graduated in 1967.

At University of California, Berkeley, Tang-Martinez studied Zoology (M.A., 1970; Ph.D. 1976). In graduate school Tang-Martinez developed the "habituation-discrimination technique" to measure how animals communicate using smell.

She did two more years of research at the University of British Columbia before working as an assistant professor at University of Missouri, St. Louis.

Tang-Martinez was on the faculty of University of Misouri-St. Louis from 1976-2014. In 2014 she retired.

Tang-Martinez studies social behavior in animals. Animals create chemicals and use the chemicals' smells to communicate with other animals.

With B. Diane Chepko-Sade, she edited a book about how animals spread out over the land where they live in order to mix up gene pools. It is called "Mammalian Dispersal Patterns: The Effects of Social Structure on Population Genetics."

Tang-Martinez was chair of the Division of Animal Behavior fir the American Society of Zoologists from 1990-1992. She was president of the Animal Behavior Society from 1993-1994. She won the Animal Behavior Society Exceptional Service Career Award and the Quest Award for Outstanding Research Contributions. Tang-Martinez received the Woman Trailblazer Award in 2008.

Tang-Martinez was a volunteer for the Alzheimer's Association beginning in 1990. In 2002 she got the St. Louis Chapter's Volunteer of the Year Award.

She also founded the Privacy Rights Education Project. That organization fought for LGBT rights. As it grew to cover the state of Missouri, it changed its name to PROMO. Tang-Martinez and her female partner, Arlene Zarembka wanted to get married. In 2013 they applied for money that married people get from Social Security when one person retires. The state of Missouri said no.

Tang-Martinez was both the first woman and the first Latinx individual to become a full professor in her department.

Tang-Martinez wants many different kinds of people to be Animal Behavior Scientists. She founded the Latin American Affairs Committee, the Turner Undergraduate Diversity Program, and the Diversity Fund when she was president of the Animal Behavior Society. That fund helps students from underrepresented group attend conferences.

Tang-Martinez is married to Arlene Zarembka. She enjoys Tai chi chuan, birding, hiking, taking pictures, and collecting stamps and art.

Gacha game

A gacha game is a video game that has a mechanic of getting items or characters by spending in-game currency. The items or character players receive is random. The rewards are usually graded by rarity. Players can purchase in-game currency with real-world money. 

Some gacha games have a "pity system", where after a certain amount of draws without getting anything rare, the system guarantees the player a rare item.

A Dangerous Woman (1929 movie)

A Dangerous Woman is a 1929 American romantic drama movie directed by Rowland V. Lee and Gerald Grove. It was based on the story by Margery Lawrence. It stars Olga Baclanova, Clive Brook, Clyde Cook, Neil Hamilton, Leslie Fenton and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Free-to-play

Free-to-play video games are games that don't cost money to play most of their content.

Roxbury, Connecticut

Roxbury is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 2,260 at the 2020 census.

List of online encyclopedias of U.S. states

Here is a list of online encyclopedias in the USA

Fayez Tarawneh

Fayez Tarawneh (; ""; 1 May 1949 – 15 December 2021) was a Jordanian independent politician. He was the Prime Minister of Jordan twice between 1998 until 1999 and for a few months in 2012.

Tarawneh died on 15 December 2021 in Amman, Jordan, at the age of 72.

Dot (diacritic)

The term dot in computing refers to a full stop or period, often seperating a file name from an extension, or different parts of an I.P. address or DNS name (e.g. www.wikipedia.org)

Cool Cat Saves the Kids

Cool Cat Saves the Kids is a 2015 American family comedy film, written, produced and directed by Derek Savage. It stars Savage, Jason Johnson, Vivica A. Fox and Erik Estrada. The film is made up of 3 shorts edited together, named ""Cool Cat Stops Bullying"", ""Cool Cat in the Christmas Parade"" and ""Cool Cat Finds a Gun"". The film follows the titular character, Cool Cat (portrayed by Jason Johnson), as he sets out on several loosely connected adventures involving vandalism, gun safety, cyberbullying, a story contest, and a trip to the Hollywood Parade. Since it's release, the film has gained a cult following due to it's so-bad-its-good presentation, its numerous continuity and filmmaking errors, and its director Derek Savage, who infamously filed fraudulent copyright claims of reviews of the film on YouTube.

A re-edit of the film featuring newly shot scenes and fixed editing, entitled "Cool Cat: Kids Superhero", was released in 2018.


Leipsic, Delaware

Leipsic is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Little Creek, Delaware

Little Creek is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Magnolia, Delaware

Magnolia is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Viola, Delaware

Viola is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Wyoming, Delaware

Wyoming is a town in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Bellefonte, Delaware

Bellefonte is a town in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Elsmere, Delaware

Elsmere is a town in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Newport, Delaware

Newport is a town in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Odessa, Delaware

Odessa is a town in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Bethany Beach, Delaware

Bethany Beach is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Bethel, Delaware

Bethel is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Blades, Delaware

Blades is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Bridgeville, Delaware

Bridgeville is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Dagsboro, Delaware

Dagsboro is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Delmar, Delaware

Delmar is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Dewey Beach, Delaware

Dewey Beach is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Ellendale, Delaware

Ellendale is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Frankford, Delaware

Frankford is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Greenwood, Delaware

Greenwood is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Henlopen Acres, Delaware

Henlopen Acres is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Laurel, Delaware

Laurel is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Millsboro, Delaware

Millsboro is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Millville, Delaware

Millville is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Milton, Delaware

Milton is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Ocean View, Delaware

Ocean View is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States. Ocean View had 2,636 people in 2020.

Selbyville, Delaware

Selbyville is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Slaughter Beach, Delaware

Slaughter Beach is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

South Bethany, Delaware

South Bethany is a town in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Bridge City, Louisiana

Bridge City is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Elmwood, Louisiana

Elmwood is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lafitte, Louisiana

Lafitte is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Waggaman, Louisiana

Waggaman is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Seattle metropolitan area

The Seattle metropolitan area is an urban area in the U.S. state of Washington. It is made of Seattle and places around Seattle, such as satellite cities. It has the three counties in Washington with the most people in them. These are King, Snohomish, and Pierce counties. It is part of the Puget Sound region. The United States Census Bureau calls the Seattle metropolitan area the Seattle–Tacoma–Bellevue, WA metropolitan statistical area. 3,979,845 live there . It is the 15th largest metropolitan statistical area (MSA) in the United States. Over half of the people in Washington live there.

Staple, Nord

Staple is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 655 people lived there.


Sepmeries

Sepmeries is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 653 people lived there.


Miss Manipur

Miss Manipur or Miss Manipur Queen is an annual beauty pageant that is run by the Manipur based "Miss Manipur Committee (MMC)". It is one of the most watched beauty pageants in North East India. It co-exists with Femina Miss India Manipur, Miss Kangleipak and Miss Meetei Chanu.

A person is eligible to participate in the Miss Manipur contest if she is:

"Miss Manipur" was first held in the year 1951. It is the first beauty pageant organised in Manipur. In October, 2012, the Miss Manipur event (that was about to be held on November 12, 2012) was banned by 42 civil society organizations including 17 women bodies of Manipur. The women associations accused the event organizers for converting the contest into commercial way and also for promoting improper dressings of the participants. In 2016, the ban was lifted up by the associations as the required rules and regulations for the event was finally composed.

President of Nauru

The president of Nauru is elected by Parliament from among its members, and is both the head of state and the head of government of Nauru.

Lionel Aingimea

Lionel Rouwen Aingimea is a Nauruan lawyer and politician. In 2019, he became the 15th President of Nauru.

Hammer DeRoburt

Hammer DeRoburt (25 September 1922 – 15 July 1992) was the first President of the Republic of Nauru. He was in power of the country for most of its first twenty years of independence.

He was given an honorary knighthood by Queen Elizabeth II in 1982.

DeRoburt died on 15 July 1992 in Melbourne, Australia from diabetes, aged 69.

Parliament of Nauru

The Parliament of Nauru is the unicameral legislature of Nauru. It has 19 members and they are elected for a three-year term in multi-seat constituencies. The President of Nauru is elected by the members of the Parliament. The number of seats was increased to 19 in 2013.

Kinza Clodumar

Kinza Godfrey Clodumar (8 February 1945 – 29 November 2021) was a Nauruan politician. He was the President of Nauru from 1997 to 1998.

Clodumar died on 29 November 2021 at the age of 76.

Karl Nehammer

Karl Nehammer (; born 18 October 1972) is an Austrian politician. He has been the Chancellor of Austria since 6 December 2021. He is a member of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP). He was the Minister of the Interior from 2020 to 2021 and a member of the National Council from 2017 to 2020.

Nicolae Ciucă

Nicolae Ionel Ciucă (; born 7 February 1967) is a Romanian politician and retired general. He is a member of the Romanian Land Forces. He was the Prime Minister of Romania from 25 November 2021 to 12 June 2023.

Kiril Petkov

Kiril Petkov Petkov (; born 17 April 1980) is a Bulgarian politician, economist, and businessman. He is the Prime Minister of Bulgaria since 13 December 2021.

Pohiva Tuʻiʻonetoa

Pohiva Tu’i’onetoa (30 June 1951 — 18 March 2023 ) was a Tongan accountant and politician. He was the 17th Prime Minister of Tonga from 2019 to 2021. Tu'i'onetoa replaced Semisi Sika, who was acting prime minister, since the death of ʻAkilisi Pōhiva.

Siaosi Sovaleni

Siaosi ‘Ofakivahafolau Sovaleni (born 28 February 1970) is a Tongan politician. He is the prime minister-designate of Tonga since 2021. From 2014 to 2017 he was Deputy Prime Minister of Tonga.

Cap-Haïtien fuel tanker explosion

On 14 December 2021, a fuel tank truck exploded in the Samari neighborhood of Cap-Haïtien, the capital city of the Haitian department of Nord. It happened as people tried to steal fuel from the vehicle by using hammers to pierce it. The explosion caused a major fire.

At least 75 people were killed and more than 100 others were injured.

Gitega prison fire

At around 04:00 CAT on 7 December 2021, a fire broke out in an overcrowded prison in Gitega, Burundi. It killed at least 38 people and injured over 69 others.

State Counsellor of Myanmar

The state counsellor of Myanmar () was the title of the "de facto" head of government of Myanmar. The office was similar to that of a prime minister. 

The office is currently vacant after the arrest of the first and only state counsellor, Aung San Suu Kyi, in the 2021 Myanmar coup d'état.

2021 Nagaland killings

On 4 December 2021, a unit of 21 Para Special Forces, the special forces unit, killed six civilians near the Oting village of the Mon district in Nagaland, India. 

Eight more civilians and a soldier were killed afterwards. The killings were criticized with many wanting the Armed Forces Special Powers Act removed.

2021 Semeru eruption

An eruption of Mount Semeru, a volcano in the East Java province of the Indonesian island of Java, began on 4 December 2021. 

The eruption began after heavy rain caused the collapse of the lava dome at the summit. 

Pyroclastic flows and lahars damaged at least 5,205 homes and several public buildings. At least 46 people were killed, 104 more are injured, while 9 are missing.

Xiomara Castro

Iris Xiomara Castro Sarmiento (), also known as Xiomara Castro de Zelaya (born 30 September 1959), is a Honduran politician. She is the 56th and current president of Honduras since 2022. She is the country's first female president.

Castro is a member of the Libre Party and represented the party three times in the 2013, 2017 and 2021 Honduran general elections, running as the party's candidate for president of Honduras in 2013 and 2021, and for vice president of Honduras in 2017.

Castro became involved in the National Popular Resistance Front after the 2009 Honduran coup d'état, which resulted in the end of her husband's presidency.

She was the First Lady of Honduras between 2006 and 2009. Castro has been married to former President Manuel Zelaya since 1976. She was born in Santa Bárbara Department, Honduras. Castro has four children; including Congresswoman Xiomara Zelaya.

In her inaugural speech, she promised to make her country a democratic socialist state.

Salvador Nasralla

Salvador Alejandro César Nasralla Salum (born 30 January 1953) is a Honduran sports journalist, television presenter, businessman, and politician. He is the First Vice President of Honduras since 2022. He is the presenter of the TV programs "5 Deportivo" and "X-0 da Dinero", and has been called "El señor de la televisión". 

He was the founder of the Anti-Corruption Party in 2011. He ran for President of Honduras in the 2013 Honduran general election. He ran again in the 2017 Honduran general election. He controversially lost the election.

Manuel Zelaya

José Manuel Zelaya Rosales (born 20 September 1952) is a Honduran politician. He is the First Gentleman of Honduras since 2022. He is the first First Gentleman in Honduran history. He was President of Honduras from 27 January 2006 until 28 June 2009.

On 28 June 2009, during the 2009 Honduran constitutional crisis, he was captured by the military and sent to Costa Rica in a coup d'état. On 21 September 2009 he returned to Honduras. In 2010, he left Honduras for the Dominican Republic, an exile that lasted more than a year.

He now represents Honduras as a deputy of the Central American Parliament. Since January 1976 Zelaya has been married to Xiomara Castro de Zelaya, who is the 56th President.

SARS-CoV-2 Omicron variant

The Omicron variant (or B.1.1.529) is a form of SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. It was first reported to the World Health Organization (WHO) from South Africa on 24 November 2021. On 26 November 2021, the WHO called it a variant of concern, and named it "Omicron". 

Etymology: Omicron is a letter in the Greek alphabet.

BA.2.86, or Pirola, is a descendant of the parent lineage (B.1.1.529). It has been known to media since August 2023. Research has not shown (as of 2023's third quarter) if this variant can possibly be more dangerous than other variants that are in circulation (or spreading infection from some people to more people). The variant has been found in North America, Europe, and the Middle East. It has "dozens of genetic changes". Related page: mutation.

BA.2.86, samples are from as early as July 2023; It is on the list of "Variants under monitoring" (according to WHO, as of 2023's third quarter). The variant is a descendant of the parent lineage (or B.1.1.529) of the Omicron variant.



Omicron multiplies around 70 times faster than the Delta variant in the bronchi, but it is less severe than other strains, especially the Delta variant. Omicron might be less able to enter deep lung tissue. Omicron infections are 91 percent less fatal than the delta variant, with 51 percent less risk of hospitalization.

Vaccines can protect against severe disease and hospitalisation especially after a third dose of an mRNA vaccine is given. Early data found that double vaccination give 30 to 40 percent protection against infection and around 70 percent protection against hospitalization. A recent third vaccine dose boosts effectiveness against infection to around 75 percent, and 88 percent for severe disease.

SARS-CoV-2 Gamma variant

The Gamma variant, also known as lineage P.1, is one of the variants of SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19.

This variant of SARS-CoV-2 was first detected by the National Institute of Infectious Diseases (NIID) of Japan, on 6 January 2021 in four people who had arrived in Tokyo having visited Amazonas, Brazil, four days earlier. 

Kemerovo Oblast

Kemerovo Oblast–Kuzbass (, ), also known by its short names as Kemerovo Oblast () and Kuzbass () after the Kuznetsk Basin, is a federal subject of Russia. It is located in southwestern Siberia. Kemerovo is the administrative center of the oblast, though Novokuznetsk is the largest city in the oblast.

Novokuznetsk

Novokuznetsk (; literally: "new smith's", , "Aba-tura") is a city in Kemerovo Oblast in south-western Siberia, Russia. It is the second largest city in the oblast, after Kemerovo. It had a population of 547,904 as of the 2010 Census.

Listvyazhnaya mine disaster

The Listvyazhnaya mine disaster was a mining accident that happened on 25 November 2021 in a coal mine in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia. Smoke from a fire in a ventilation shaft caused the suffocation of over 40 miners. 

A rescue gone wrong trapped miners and caused the deaths of at least five rescuers when the mine exploded. It is the deadliest mine accident in Russia since the 2010 Raspadskaya mine explosion in the same region.

November 2021 English Channel disaster

On 24 November 2021, an inflatable dinghy carrying migrants from France to the United Kingdom flipped over in the English Channel. This killed 27 of the 30 people on board. It is believed to be the deadliest incident in the English Channel.

Prime Minister Boris Johnson said he was "shocked, appalled and deeply saddened" by the incident.

2021 Bulgaria bus crash

On 23 November 2021 a Macedonian bus crashed and caught fire in western Bulgaria. The accident happened on the Struma motorway near the village of Bosnek, south-west of Sofia. Fifty passengers and two drivers were on the bus. Forty-five people died in the crash, including twelve children. Seven other passengers suffered burns but survived at first.

It is currently the deadliest road accident in Bulgarian history. It is seen as the deadliest bus crash in Europe in a decade.

Double Asteroid Redirection Test

The Double Asteroid Redirection Test (DART) was a NASA space mission for planetary defense against near-Earth objects (NEOs). It was made to see how much a spacecraft could move an asteroid out of its trajectory (the path it is guessed to travel.) The asteroid that was picked was not dangerous to earth, and was picked because it was simple. The spacecraft flew on the 24th of November 2021, and hit what it was aiming for, the asteroid Dimorphos.

DART was a joint project between NASA and the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory (APL).

The DART spacecraft was successfully launched on 24 November 2021, with collision aimed for 26 September 2022 to 2 October 2022.

George Pérez

George Pérez (; June 9, 1954 – May 6, 2022) was an American comic book artist and writer. He was known for working on "The Avengers" for Marvel Comics. In the 1980s he worked on "The New Teen Titans", which became one of DC Comics' top-selling series.

In December 2021, Pérez was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. He died from the disease five months later in Sanford, Florida on May 6, 2022 at the age of 67.

Fritzl case

The Fritzl case began in 2008, when a woman named Elisabeth Fritzl (born 6 April 1966) told police in the town of Amstetten, Lower Austria that she had been held captive for 24 years by her father, Josef Fritzl (born 9 April 1935).

Fritzl had assaulted, sexually abused, and raped her many times when keeping her trapped in the family's basement. The abuse by Elisabeth's father resulted in the birth of seven children.

Josef was arrested on suspicion of false imprisonment, rape, manslaughter by negligence, and incest. In March 2009, he pleaded guilty to all counts and was sentenced to life imprisonment.

Alejandra Guzmán

Gabriela Alejandra Guzmán Pinal (born February 9, 1968), known professionally as Alejandra Guzmán, and nicknamed "La Reina de Corazones" (The Queen of Hearts) is a Mexican musician, singer, composer, and actress. She won a Latin Grammy. She is one of the most successful Mexican female singers. 

She is the daughter of actress Silvia Pinal and singer .

Inger Støjberg

Inger Støjberg (born 16 March 1973) is a Danish politician. She was a member of the Danish Parliament. She was the minister for gender equality from 2009 to 2010, as minister for employment between 2010 and 2011, and as minister for immigration, integration and housing between June 2015 and June 2019.

On 13 December 2021, she was convicted of separating asylum seeker families in which at least one spouse was under 18, and sentenced to 60 days in prison.

Harnaaz Sandhu

Harnaaz Kaur Sandhu (born 3 March 2000) is an Indian model and beauty pageant titleholder. She was crowned Miss Universe 2021. Sandhu had been crowned Miss Diva Universe 2021. She is the third Indian to win Miss Universe. Sandhu was born in Gurdaspur, Punjab, India.

Walter Chrysler

Walter Percy Chrysler (April 2, 1875 – August 18, 1940) was an American businessman. He was the executive and the founder and namesake of American Chrysler Corporation.


Kings Point, New York

Kings Point is a village in the Town of North Hempstead in Nassau County, on the North Shore of Long Island, in New York, United States. The population was 5,619 at the 2020 census.

Catherine Fournier

Catherine Fournier (born 7 April 1992) is a Canadian politician. She was mayor of Longueuil on November 7, 2021. She is the third female mayor in the city's history.

She was previously member of the National Assembly of Quebec, elected on December 5, 2016. Fournier was the youngest member of the National Assembly, and the youngest woman ever elected to that body.

Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey

Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey is a 2000 documentary on the martial artist Bruce Lee. It includes the original footage of his incomplete movie "The Game of Death (1972)".
With "Kareem Abdul-Jabbar", "Ji Han-jae", "Linda Lee Cadwell", "Taky Kimura", "Ted Hanulak". Directed by "John Little" and distributed by Warner Home Video.




Bryan Okoh

Bryan Ikemefuna Okoh (born 16 May 2003) is a Swiss professional footballer. He plays as centre back for 2. Liga club Liefering and for the UEFA Youth League team of FC Salzburg. He is born in the United States but plays for the Switzerland U21 national team.
Okoh began his career with FC Espagnol Lausanne. 2016/17 he joined the youth team of FC Lausanne-Sport. 2019/20 he went to Austria and signed for FC Red Bull Salzburg. He was transferred to the farm team FC Liefering. In August 2019 he played his first match for Liefering versus SV Lafnitz. 2021/22 he became part of the first team. He can also go on playing for Liefering.

He played for the Switzerland U15, U16, U17 and U21 national teams. In November 2021 he was part of the Switzerland national football team. During the training he suffered a Cruciate ligament tear and would not play for a year.

Christmas in France

France celebrates by put up a Christmas tree, visit a special church service, eat an elaborate meal and open gifts on Christmas Eve. Other activities also swimming in a park, participating in city life and sharing a meal with family and close friends.

Bruce Lee in G.O.D: Shibōteki Yūgi

Bruce Lee in G.O.D: Shibōteki Yūgi is a 2000 Japanese documentary and includes the original footage of his incomplete movie "The Game of Death (1972)". It was distributed in 2003 in U.S.A. This movie shows Lee's original vision of the movie through the existing footage that was shot for the movie before he died, interviews, and historical re-enactments of what went on behind the scenes. Directed by "Shibōteki Yūgi". With "Dan Inosanto", "Chaplin Chang", "Wai-Sheung Lee", "Biao Yuen", "Wah Yuen"



The Story

The Story is a 2001 short movie, with "Hak-Kyu Kim" as "Hai Tien", "Sun-Man Bae", "Hee-Soo Hwang", "Byung-Joo Kim", "Kang-Kook Lee", "Se-kyn Oh", "Tong-il Pang", "Sung-Woo Park", "Marty Rhodes", "Ho-You Yun". The movie is the storyline for "The Game of Death (1972)" and the missing part of "Bruce Lee's The Game of Death", not played in 1972. Directed in South Korea by "John Little", distributed with the documentary DVD "". "The Story" is also a prequel and sequel of "Game of Death Redux"



Plectrohyla psiloderma

Plectrohyla psiloderma is a frog that lives in Honduras and El Salvador. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests 1850 to 2350 meters above sea level.

Uxem

Uxem (; from Flemish; "Uksem" in modern Dutch spelling) is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018 1,422 people lived there.


Woman to Woman (1923 movie)

Woman to Woman is a 1923 British romantic drama movie directed by Graham Cutts and Alfred Hitchcock and was based on the 1921 play of the same name by Michael Morton. It stars Betty Compson, Clive Brook, Josephine Earle, Marie Ault, Tom Coventry, Aubrey Fitzgerald and is a lost movie.


Cheri Beasley

Cheri Lynn Beasley (born February 14, 1966) is an American attorney and jurist. She was the chief justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court from 2019 to 2020. She was on the North Carolina Court of Appeals and as a district court judge in Cumberland County, North Carolina.

She was the unsuccessful Democratic nominee for the United States Senate in the 2022 election.

Bryn Athyn, Pennsylvania

Bryn Athyn is a home rule municipality in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was formerly a borough. The population was 1,272 at the 2020 census.

Darkened Rooms

Darkened Rooms is a 1929 American mystery movie directed by Louis J. Gasnier and starring Evelyn Brent, Neil Hamilton, Doris Hill, David Newell, Gale Henry, Wallace MacDonald. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Doc Hastings

Richard Norman Hastings (born February 7, 1941) is an American Republican politician. He was the U.S. representative for from 1995 until his retirement in 2015.

In February 2014, Hastings announced that he would not run for re-election in 2014.

Exerodonta

Exerodonta is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. Scientists stopped using this genus many years ago, but they started using it again in 2005. This was part of a larger scientific project to look at all the frogs in Hylidae . Eleven species that had been in the genus "Hyla" were moved to this genus. They all live in south-central Mexico.


Jose W. Diokno Boulevard

Jose W. Diokno Boulevard, or J.W. Diokno Boulevard which stands for Jose Wright Diokno Boulevard, is a long road that runs north–south along the eastern perimeter of the SM Mall of Asia complex and parallel to Macapagal Boulevard in Bay City, Metro Manila, Philippines. 
It provides access from the Cultural Center of the Philippines Complex (CCP Complex) and Roxas Boulevard north to the shopping and lifestyle hub by the Manila Bay in Pasay. Motorists tend to use the highway as the less congested alternative route from Manila to the Bay City vis-à-vis its parallel partner road in Macapagal Boulevard. It also connects to Entertainment City further south in Parañaque, and unlike Macapagal Boulevard is situated along the coastline overlooking the Manila Bay.
The 8-lane median-divided boulevard was formerly known as Bay Boulevard. It was renamed in 2007, including the short extension of Gil Puyat Avenue in CCP Complex which connects it to Roxas Boulevard, after the founding chair of the Commission on Human Rights, Free Legal Assistance Group (FLAG) founder, and former Filipino senator, José Wright Diokno. The road was constructed by the Philippine Reclamation Authority and was completed in 2011.

Jose Diokno Boulevard starts at the intersection with Roxas Boulevard by the World Trade Center Metro Manila as a direct continuation of Gil Puyat Avenue from Pasay and Makati. It travels westward for between the CCP Complex to the north and World Trade Center Manila to the south, crossing the northern end of Macapagal Boulevard before curving south past the Government Service Insurance System (GSIS) Complex.
The Libertad Bridge carries the boulevard across the Libertad Channel. It connects the CCP and GSIS complexes with the SM Central Business Park. This is where it becomes a north–south road running for across the SM Mall of Asia complex. This section of the boulevard is dominated by a roundabout with a large globe in the middle. It serves as the terminus to Epifanio de los Santos Avenue.
After crossing the Redemptorist Channel, the boulevard enters Parañaque and the Aseana City and Entertainment City. It runs for from Redemptorist to Asia World City, intersecting with Asean Avenue, where the boulevard then becomes part of the NAIA Expressway (NAIAX) At-Grade section. It then finally arrives at its southern terminus at New Seaside Road, where NAIAX At-Grade continues, by the Okada Manila development.


Miranda do Douro

Miranda do Douro is a city and a municipality in the district of Bragança in northeastern Portugal. It has a language of its own, Mirandese and also cultural and historical differences with the rest of the Portuguese provinces. The town is located on the border with Spain, with the Douro River separating Portugal and Spain. The nearest town in Spain is Zamora.

The present mayor is Artur Manuel Rodrigues Nunes (Partido Socialista). The municipal holiday is on 10 July.

Miranda do Douro is twinned with:


Mamady Diambou

Mamady Diambou (born 11 November 2002) is a Malian footballer. He plays as a midfielder for 2. Liga club Liefering, on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.
Diambou started his career with Guidars FC. In January 2021 he signed with Austrian Bundesliga side FC Red Bull Salzburg. He went on loan to the farmteam FC Liefering. He played his first match for Liefering on February 19th, 2021 versus FC Blau-Weiß Linz. With the beginning of the 2021-22 season he also played for FC Red Bull Salzburg. In Winter 2023 he went to FC Luzern on loan.



Tierra del Pan

Tierra del Pan is a "comarca" located in the center of the province of Zamora in western parts of Spain. It belongs to Castile and León. The city of Zamora is the capital of the province.

The Tierra del Pan comarca has a total of about 76,000 inhabitants and has a surface of 849.59 km². Its geography is typical of the Meseta Central.


Thomas Schiestl

Thomas Schiestl (born 31 August 2002) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for 2. Liga club Grazer AK. 
Schiestl started his career with the youth teams of SK Jenbach and SC Schwaz. Then he spent half a year in the Tyrol Academy, 2017 he went on to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy. There he played at all levels. 2020 he went on to FC Liefering. In July 2022 he moved to the 2nd division to Grazer AK, where he received a contract that ran until June 2024.

Bessemer process

The Bessemer process is a way of steel production that uses a machine called a bessemer converter to produce steel cheaply. The Bessemer converter uses air to oxidize impurities in pig iron as well as control the amount of carbon in the iron.

Miriama Rauhihi-Ness

Miriama Rauhihi-Ness (née Rauhihi; 15 July 1951 – 15 March 2021), also known as Ama Ness, was a New Zealand Māori activist and social worker.

She helped organize the Polynesian Panthers, and 1975 Māori land march.   She was a member of Ngā Tamatoa, which advocated for making Māori an official language.

She married Tigilau Ness; they had a son, Che Fu.

Adina Nanu

Adina Nanu (4 August 1927, Bucharest - 23 March 2021 Bucharest) was a Romanian literary critic and historian of art. She was awarded the National Order of "Faithful Service, and Order of Labor, Second Class.

Adina Nanu started teaching Art History at the Academy of Art in Bucharest. She was a member of the Union of Fine Artists in Romania.



My Name is Raj: Raj aur Asudama Ki Ladal

My Name is Raj: Raj aur Asudama Ki Ladai () is a 2011 Indian Hindi-language animated action film. It is the first film of the "My Name is Raj" film series. It was released on August 19, 2011. The film was directed by Shashikanth Ramawat and written by the RSS Brothers. In 2012, 2013, 2017, and 2021, the film was followed by four sequels, , , , and . The film is also known as simply just My Name is Raj. The film and its sequels are all based on Nagraj from Raj Comics.

An Indian 'Teenager' Named Raj Gets A Magical Belt From A Maharshi(Saint),Which Allows Raj To Transfom Into Some Powerful Creatures.He Uses These Powers To Defend Common People From Demonic/Mystical Enemies Who Are After His Belt And Other Evil Desires Of The Demon King.The Main Antagonist Of The Show (A Demon King) Desires To Take The Magical Belt From Raj To Rule The World With His Evil Demonic Ideas,So He Sends Demons And Plans To Take The Belt From Raj .


List of All Elite Wrestling personnel

All Elite Wrestling (AEW) is an American professional wrestling promotion founded in 2019. AEW personnel consists of professional wrestlers, managers, referees, commentators, ring announcers, coaches, and various other positions. Executive officers are also listed.

As AEW has partnerships with the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA), Japan's New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), DDT Pro-Wrestling (DDT), Tokyo Joshi Pro Wrestling (TJPW), and Mexico's Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), wrestlers and other personalities from those promotions may also make periodic appearances at AEW events. Championships from partner promotions currently held by AEW wrestlers that have been defended on AEW programming are also noted.

The Khan family are the founders, owners and top executives of AEW.


Emmerin

Emmerin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 3,140 people lived there.


Hollow Knight

Hollow Knight is a 2017 Metroidvania action-adventure game developed and published by Team Cherry. It was released on Microsoft Windows, macOS, and Linux in 2017, and on the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One in 2018. Development was partially funded through a Kickstarter crowdfunding campaign, raising over 57,000 by the end of 2014.

The player is the Knight, a nameless warrior not knowing who they are or where they came from, who wanders and explores the ruined kingdom of Hallownest to figure out its mysteries, finds many friendly or enemy bugs, fighting bosses, and unlocking new powers and abilities to progress. "Hollow Knight" was well received by critics and has sold over 3 million copies as of December 2020. A sequel, "", is in development.

"Hollow Knight" is a 2D Metroidvania action-adventure game, that takes place in Hallownest, a fictional ancient kingdom. The player controls an insect-like, silent, and nameless character while exploring the underground world. The knight wields a "nail", which represents various blades in the story (excluding pins and needles), used both in combat and environmental interaction.

In most areas of the game, players encounter enemy bugs and other creatures. Melee combat involves using the nail to hit enemies from a short distance. The player can learn spells, which give the knight more range. Defeated enemies drop currency called Geo. The knight starts with 5 masks, which represent the hit points of the character. "Mask shards" can be collected throughout the game to increase the player's maximum health. When the knight takes damage from an enemy or from the environment, a mask is reduced. By striking enemies, the knight gains Soul, which is stored in the Soul Vessel. If all masks are lost, the knight dies and a Shade appears where they died. The player loses all Geo and can hold a reduced amount of Soul. Players need to defeat the Shade to recover the lost currency and to carry the normal amount of Soul. The game continues from the last visited bench they sat on which are scattered throughout the game world and act as save points. Initially the player can only use Soul to "Focus" and regenerate masks, but as the game progresses players unlock several offensive spells, which consume Soul.

Many areas feature more challenging enemies and bosses which the player may need to defeat in order to progress further. Defeating some bosses grants the player new abilities. Later in the game, players acquire a "dream nail", a special blade that can "cut through the veil between dreams and waking". It enables the player to face more challenging versions of a few bosses, and to break what is sealing the path to the final boss. If the player defeats the final boss of the game, called "The Hollow Knight", they are given access to a mode called "Steel Soul". In this mode, dying is permanent, and if the knight loses all of their masks, the save slot will be reset.

During the game, the player encounters non-player characters (NPCs) with whom they can interact. These characters give information about the game's plot or lore, sometimes help, and sell items or services. The player can upgrade the knight's nail to deal more damage or find Soul Vessels to carry more Soul. During the game, players acquire items that give new movement abilities which are an additional mid-air jump (Monarch Wings), sticking to walls and jumping off them (Mantis Claw), a brief dash (Mothwing Cloak), and an acid resistance buff (Isma's Tear). The player can learn other combat abilities, such as nail arts, and the spells. To further customize the knight, players can use different Charms, which can be found or bought from NPCs. Some of their effects include better combat abilities or skills, more masks or their regeneration, better movement skills, easier collecting of Geo or of Soul, and transformation. Equipping a Charm takes up a certain number of limited slots, called notches. Wearing a Charm that requires more than the available number of notches is possible, but it results in being "overcharmed", causing the knight to take double damage.

Hallownest consists of several large, connected areas with unique themes. With its nonlinear gameplay design, "Hollow Knight" does not force the player to one path through the game nor make them explore the whole game, though there are obstacles that stop the player's access to an area. The player may need to progress in the story of the game, or get a specific movement ability, skill, or item to progress further. To fast travel through the game's world, the player can use Stag Stations, terminals of a network of tunnels; players can only travel to previously visited and unlocked stations. Other fast travel methods, such as trams, lifts, and the "Dreamgate", are encountered later in the game.

As the player enters a new area, they do not have access to the map of the area. They must find Cornifer, the cartographer, in order to buy a rough map. As the player explores an area, the map becomes more accurate and complete, although it is updated only when sitting on a bench. The player will need to buy specific items to complete maps, to see points of interest, and to place markers. The knight's position on the map can only be seen if the player is carrying the Wayward Compass Charm.

The idea that made the creators want to create "Hollow Knight" started in a game jam, Ludum Dare 2013, in which two of the game's developers, Ari Gibson and William Pellen, made a game called "Hungry Knight", in which the character that would later become the Knight kills bugs to stave off starvation. The game, thought to be "not very good", used to hold a 1/5 star rating on Newgrounds but has since increased to 4/5. The developers decided to work on another game jam with the theme "Beneath the Surface", but could not complete on time. However, this gave them the idea to create a game with an underground setting, a "deep, old kingdom", and insects.

Influences for the game include "Faxanadu", "Metroid", "", and "Mega Man X". Team Cherry noted that Hallownest was in some ways the inverse of the world tree setting in "Faxanadu." The team also said that they wanted to create the sense of wonder and discovery of games from their childhood from such games, in which "there could be any crazy secret or weird creature."

Believing that control of the character was most important for the player's enjoyment of the game, the developers based the Knight's movement on "Mega Man X". They gave the character no acceleration or deceleration when moving horizontally, as well as a large amount of aerial control and the ability to interrupt one's jump with a dash. This was meant to make the player feel that any hit they took could have been avoided right up until the last moment.

To create the game's art, Gibson's hand-drawn sketches were scanned directly into the game engine, creating a "vivid sense of place". The developers decided to "keep it simple" in order to stop the development time from becoming very long. The complexity of the world was based on "Metroid", which allows players to become lost, focusing on the enjoyment of finding one's way. Only basic signs are placed throughout the world to direct players to important locations. The biggest design challenge for the game was creating the mapping system and finding a balance between not divulging the world's secrets while not being too player-unfriendly.

"Hollow Knight" was revealed on Kickstarter in November 2014, the developers needing 35,000. The game passed this goal, raising more than 57,000 from 2,158 backers, allowing more content to be added and another developer to be hired—technical director David Kazi—as well as composer Christopher Larkin. The game reached a beta state in September 2015 and continued to achieve many unreasonable goals to add in more content after an engine switch from Stencyl to Unity. Some of the goal content, such as The Abyss, still made it into the game even though those goals not having been achieved, although with a lot of content was cut.

The Nintendo Switch version of "Hollow Knight" was announced in January 2017 and released on 12 June 2018. Team Cherry originally planned to make their game available on the Wii U. Development of the Wii U version began in 2016, alongside the PC version, and it eventually shifted to Switch. The creators of "Hollow Knight" worked with another Australian developer, Shark Jump Studios, to speed up the porting process. Initially, Team Cherry planned the Switch version to arrive "not too long after the platform's launch"; subsequently they delayed it to early 2018. A release date was not announced until the Nintendo Direct presentation at E3 2018 on 12 June 2018, when it was unveiled the game would be available later that day via Nintendo eShop.

On 3 August 2017, the "Hidden Dreams" DLC was released, featuring two new optional boss encounters, two new songs, a new fast travel system, and a new Stag Station. On 26 October 2017, "The Grimm Troupe" was released, adding new quests, new boss fights, new charms, new enemies, and other content. The update also added support for Russian, Portuguese, and Japanese translations of the game. On 20 April 2018, "Lifeblood" was released, bringing many optimizations, changes to the colors, bug fixes, minor additions and a new boss fight. On 23 August 2018, the final DLC, "Godmaster" was released, containing new characters, boss fights, music, a new game mode as well as two new endings. It was renamed from its former title of "Gods and Glory" due to trademark issues.

"Hollow Knight"s PC and PlayStation 4 versions received "generally favorable" reviews and the Nintendo Switch and Xbox One versions received "universal acclaim", according to review aggregator Metacritic. Jed Whitaker of "Destructoid" talked about it as a "masterpiece of gaming ..., and certainly art worthy of being in a museum" and, on "PC Gamer", Tom Marks called it a "new classic". Reviewers talked of "Hollow Knight"s good atmosphere, visuals, sound and music, noting the vastness of the game's world.

Critics thought the combat system as simple, unsurprising or nuanced; they talked about its responsiveness positively, or "tightness", like the movement system. On "IGN", Tom Marks said: "The combat in Hollow Knight is relatively straightforward, but starts out tricky ... It rewards patience and skill massively". In his review on "PC Gamer", Marks said he liked the "brilliant" charm system: "What's so impressive about these charms is that I could never find a 'right' answer when equipping them. There were no wrong choices." "NintendoWorldReport" said: "Charms offer a huge variety of upgrades ... Some charms ... were so essential that removing them felt like trading a part of myself for a better chance at an upcoming battle."

The difficulty of "Hollow Knight" got attention from reviewers and was talked about as challenging; Vikki Blake of "Eurogamer" called the game "ruthlessly tough, even occasionally unfair". For "Nintendo World Report"s Adam Abou-Nasr it also seemed unfair—he had "so frustratingly hard that I cannot recommend this game" angrily scrawled in his notes—but "it eventually clicked". "Destructoid" "never found any of the bosses to be unfair". "Destructoid" and "Nintendo World Report" reviewers felt a sense of accomplishment after hard fights. Critics compared it to "Dark Souls", noting the mechanic of losing currency on death and having to defeat a Shade to regain it. "Destructoid" liked this feature, as well as the holding down of a button to heal, because "they circumvent a couple of issues games have always had, namely appropriate punishment for failing, and a risk-reward system".

"Hollow Knight" had sold over 500,000 copies by November 2017 and passed 1,000,000 in sales on PC platforms on 11 June 2018, one day before releasing on Nintendo Switch, where it had sold over 250,000 copies in the two weeks after its launch. By July 2018 it had sold over 1,250,000 copies. As of February 2019, "Hollow Knight" has sold over 2,800,000 copies.

The game was nominated for "Best PC Game" in "Destructoid"s Game of the Year Awards 2017, and for "Best Platformer" in "IGN"'s Best of 2017 Awards. It won the award for "Best Platformer" in "PC Gamer"s 2017 Game of the Year Awards. "Polygon" later named the game among the decade's best.
A sequel, "," is in development and is set to be released on Microsoft Windows, Mac, Linux, and Nintendo Switch, with Team Cherry stating that "more platforms may happen in the future". Team Cherry had previously planned this game as a piece of downloadable content. Kickstarter backers of "Hollow Knight" will get "Silksong" for free when it is released. This sequel will be about Hornet exploring the kingdom of Pharloom. The game was announced in February 2019 but does not have a release date yet.

Hollow Knight: Silksong

Hollow Knight: Silksong is an upcoming Metroidvania action-adventure video game developed and published by Team Cherry for Windows, macOS, Linux and Nintendo Switch. It was originally announced in February 2019 as a sequel to the 2017 game "Hollow Knight".

"Hollow Knight: Silksong" is a 2D Metroidvania action-adventure game, which takes place in a haunted kingdom inhabited by bugs.

The gameplay is similar to that Hollow Knight. The player controls Hornet, an insect like creature who uses a needle to fight enemies. During her adventure, Hornet finds many hostile creatures. The game has 165 confirmed different enemies. Hornet will also find many friendly non-player characters.

"Silksong" will have a quest system, with characters asking Hornet to do what they want. The quest system has at least four sections: Hunt, Gather, Wayfarer and Grand Hunt. Hornet will be able to craft weapons and tools from materials.

The checkpoint system from the first game will return in "Silksong".

Instead of using soul to heal like the Knight from "Hollow Knight" did, Hornet uses silk. She can near instantly heal three empty masks on the move using an ability called "Bind" instead of needing to stop and slowly heal one mask at a time like the Knight, which could put it in danger from receiving more damage. However, this depletes her entire bar of silk. Upon death, instead of leaving a Shade like the Knight did, Hornet instead leaves a cocoon of silk that refills all 8 notches of silk in her bar when broken. Hornet loses the main currency of the game, rosaries, upon death without the Rosary String item and they cannot be regained.

Hornet finds herself captured and taken to the kingdom of Pharloom, which is said to be "ruled by Silk and Song." Hornet must climb to the top of this kingdom to reach a citadel in order to find out why she was brought to this strange kingdom. This is opposite with the progression of "Hollow Knight", which involves descending into the depths of Hallownest and trying to stop the infection plaguing the Kingdom. Along the way, she fights many powerful opponents including knights, warriors and assassins.

Team Cherry is a small indie development studio based in Adelaide, South Australia.

"Hollow Knight: Silksong" was announced on 14 February 2019 in a trailer and with a developer diary video sharing more information about the game. The game will be released for Windows PC, Mac and Linux, with Nintendo Switch being the only console to receive the game at launch.

During the Xbox & Bethesda Games Showcase, it was revealed that the game would be coming to Xbox Game Pass through PC and Xbox Series X/S. It was also revealed that the game would be coming to PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.

Originally, Hornet was planned as a second playable character to be included in a downloadable content pack (DLC) for "Hollow Knight", funded as a stretch goal in the game's Kickstarter campaign. Eventually, Team Cherry decided to expand the DLC to a full sequel. While in the process, Team Cherry revealed some of the character animations for Hornet and Steel Assassin Sharpe, a villain from the game.

The developers released an update about the game in March 2019, sharing descriptions and images of characters who will appear in "Silksong". They thanked the game's fans for supporting them about the announcement of the sequel. Team Cherry released a 16-minute playable demo of the game at E3 2019 that had two new areas: Deep Docks and Moss Grotto.

In December 2019, Team Cherry released a preview of the game's soundtrack, composed by Christopher Larkin, as well as an update on the total number of enemies currently developed, with a focus on three enemies, described as "members of a scholarly suite."

In September 2021 the GeForce Now upcoming database was leaked, which included the release date of Hollow Knight: Silksong as February 2022 for some downloads of said database. However others found the date as "NULL". These dates are speculative according to Nvidia but have shown varying amounts of accuracy for other games on release.

Batgirl (unreleased movie)

Batgirl is an unreleased American superhero movie. It was based on the DC Comics character Barbara Gordon / Batgirl. It would have been part of the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). ​The movie is being directed by Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah. 

It starred Leslie Grace as Barbara Gordon / Batgirl, J. K. Simmons as Commissioner Gordon and Brendan Fraser as the movie's villain Firefly with Michael Keaton as Batman / Bruce Wayne. Ivory Aquino would have played Alysia Yeoh, a transgender bartender and Barbara Gordon's best friend.

On August 2, 2022, it was announced that Warner Bros. cancelled the release of the movie and it would not be shown in theaters or on HBO Max.

Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore

Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore is a 2022 fantasy movie directed by David Yates. It is the sequel to "" (2018), the third movie in the " Fantastic Beasts" movie series.

It stars Eddie Redmayne, Jude Law, Ezra Miller, Dan Fogler, Alison Sudol, Callum Turner, Jessica Williams, Katherine Waterston and Mads Mikkelsen.

It was released on 8 April 2022 in the United Kingdom and 15 April 2022 in the United States in 3D and 2D. 

Helga Lindner

Helga Lindner (later Härtel; 5 May 1951 – 3 November 2021) was a German swimmer. She was brn in Karl-Marx-Stadt, East Germany. She competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics. In 1968 she won a silver medal in the women's 200 m butterfly.

Lindner died on 3 November 2021, at the age of 70.

Carl von Essen

Carl von Essen (18 October 1940 – 11 November 2021) was a Swedish fencer. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, where he won a gold medal in épée with the Swedish team. He was born in Jönköping, Sweden.

Von Essen died in Björnlunda, Sweden on 11 November 2021, at the age of 81.

Björnlunda

Björnlunda is a town in Gnesta Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden. 827 people lived here in 2010.

Lothar Claesges

Lothar Claesges (3 July 1942 – 12 November 2021) was a German cyclist. He won the gold medal in the Men's team pursuit at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Krefeld, Germany. 

Claesges died on 12 November 2021 in Krefeld, at the age of 79.

Nadrian Seeman

Nadrian C. "Ned" Seeman (December 16, 1945 – November 16, 2021) was an American nanotechnologist and crystallographer. He was known for inventing the field of DNA nanotechnology.

He was an atheist. Seeman died on November 16, 2021, at the age of 75.

Wylder

Wylder is a commune in Nord in north France. In January 2018, 294 people lived there.


Marietta Chudakova

Marietta Omarovna Chudakova (; 2 January 1937 – 21 November 2021) was a Soviet and Russian literary critic, historian, and doctor of philological sciences, writer, memoirist, public figure. She was the chairman of the All-Russian Bulgakov Foundation. She was a known critic of Vladimir Putin.

Chudakova worked at Moscow State University. Her first works were published in 1958. From 1959 to 1961, she taught Russian language and literature in a Moscow school.

She was the chairman of the All-Russian Bulgakov Foundation.

Chudakova was diagnosed with COVID-19 in early November 2021. She died on 21 November 2021 at a hospital in Moscow from the infection, aged 84.

Nina Ruslanova

Nina Ivanovna Ruslanova (; 5 December 1945 – 21 November 2021) was a Soviet and Russian actress. She was honored as a People's Artist of Russia in 1998. Her career began in 1967. Her first role was Nadezhda in Kira Muratova's movie "Brief Encounters."

Ruslanova died on 21 November 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Russia, aged 75.

Volker Lechtenbrink

Volker Lechtenbrink (18 August 1944 – 22 November 2021) was a German actor, singer-songwriter, stage director and theatre manager. He was known for his roles in "The Bridge", "Der Kommissar", "Der Alte" and "Tatort". 

Lechtenbrink was stage director at the Ernst Deutsch Theater in Hamburg, and intendant of the Bad Hersfelder Festspiele.

Lechtenbrink died on 22 November 2021 at a hospital in Hamburg, Germany from pancreatic cancer, aged 77.

Paolo Pietrangeli

Paolo Pietrangeli (29 April 1945 – 22 November 2021) was an Italian singer-songwriter, movie director and screenwriter. He directed six movies between 1975 and 2001. His 1977 movie "Pigs Have Wings" was shown at the 27th Berlin International Film Festival. Pietrangeli was born in Rome, Italy.

Pietrangeli died on 22 November 2021 in Rome, at the age of 76.

Marie Versini

Marie Versini (10 August 1940 – 22 November 2021) was a French actress. She was born in Paris. Her career began in 1958 and she retired in 2019. She was known for her role in Roger Corman's 1963 movie "The Young Racers".

Versini died on 22 November 2021 in Guingamp, France at the age of 81.

Ennio Doris

Ennio Doris (3 July 1940 – 24 November 2021) was an Italian billionaire businessman. He founded Mediolanum SpA. Until September 2021, he was chairman of Banca Mediolanum, part of Gruppo Mediolanum. He was born in Tombolo, Italy.

Doris died on 24 November 2021 in Milan, Italy at the age of 81.

Tombolo, Veneto

Tombolo () is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto. It is located about northwest of Venice and about north of Padua.

Wiesław Hartman

Wiesław Hartman (23 October 1950 – 24 November 2021) was a Polish show jumping equestrian. Hartman was born in Kwidzyn, Poland. He took part in the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. He won a silver medal in team jumping.

Hartman died on 24 November 2021, at the age of 71.

SV Lafnitz

Sportverein Lafnitz is an Austrian association football club from Lafnitz in Styria. They play in the 2. Liga of Austria . They were promoted in 2018. The coulors are blue and yellow.
The club was founded in 1964. They played mainly in the lower classes of Styrian football. In 2009 Bernhard Loidl became chairman. Since that time success began. 2013 they were promoted to Regionalliga Mitte. 2010/11 the stadium was renovated. In the 2017-18 season they won the Regionalliga and were promoted to 2. League.


Oleksandr Omelchenko

Oleksandr Oleksandrovych Omelchenko ( "Oleksandr Oleksandrovyč Omel'čenko"; 9 August 1938 – 25 November 2021) was a Ukrainian politician. He was Mayor of Kyiv from 1999 until 2006. He was also a member of the Verkhovna Rada (Ukrainian parliament) from 2007 to 2012.

Omelchenko was a candidate for President of Ukraine in the 2004 election as a member of the Unity Party.

Omelchenko died on 25 November 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19 in Kyiv, aged 83.

Meetei Chanu

Miss Meetei Chanu or Miss Meitei Chanu is an annual beauty pageant that is run by the Manipur based "Lainingthou Sanamahi Sana Pung" (LSSP). The event aims to make Meitei women understand the culture and tradition of Sanamahism (Meitei religion). It is one of the most watched beauty pageants in North East India. It co-exists with Miss Manipur, Femina Miss India Manipur and Miss Kangleipak.

The Miss Meetei Chanu beauty pageant was first held in 2016. It was organised by the "Lainingthou Sanamahi Sana Pung" (LSSP), a socio-religious group, based in Manipur, India. The event is organised under the guidance of Leishemba Sanajaoba, His Highness, the present king of Manipur. Besides being a beauty pageant, the event also includes cultural activities like cooking dishes, cleaning courtyards and serving elders in traditional ways.

"Our objective of the event is to preserve the age of traditions of the Meiteis and to make the younger generations aware of the culture and way of life so the earth preserved. 
The pageant is not to select only the beautiful girl, but to make them aware of the Meitei way of life, culture, tradition and religion and select the one who can present best the Meitei tradition as Meitei Chanu."
_ Tampak Puba, general publicity secretary of the organising committee said.

Many elements of the Meitei culture are included in the contest. The contestants are to prepare indigenous dishes in traditional way. The cooking utensils are earthen ones, following the old practices. Other than this, cleaning of courtyard and service to the old people are also the parts of the event.

"Our aim is to make Meitei girls and married women aware of our forefathers' religious way, culture and tradition."
_ Ishorjit Chandam, an organizer of the event said.

Besides the overall top 3 awards, the following are the special awards. 
The contest has both non-costume based as well as costume based events. Generally, the costume based events are performed later. 

The non-costume based events include the following rounds. 
The costume based events include three rounds.


Doug Cowie (footballer)

Douglas Cowie (1 May 1926 – 26 November 2021) was a Scottish footballer. He played for Dundee, Greenock Morton and the Scotland national team. He made 20 appearances on the national team between 1953 until 1958.

Cowie died on 26 November 2021, at the age of 95.

Aleksandr Timoshinin

Aleksandr Ivanovich Timoshinin (, 20 May 1948 – 26 November 2021) was a Russian rower. He was born in Moscow. He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics. He won two gold medals at each Olympic event.

Timoshinin died on 26 November 2021, at the age of 73.

German Zonin

German Semyonovich Zonin (; 9 September 1926 – 26 November 2021) was a Soviet and Russian footballer and coach. He was born in Kazan, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. He was known for playing with Dynamo Sports Club and FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg. He also coached the Soviet Union national football team in 1972.

Zonin died on 26 November 2021 in Saint Petersburg, Russia, at the age of 95.

Almudena Grandes

María de la Almudena Grandes Hernández (7 May 1960 – 27 November 2021) was a Spanish writer. She wrote 13 novels and three short-story collections. She won the National Literature Prize for Narrative and the Prix Méditerranée. She was seen as one of the most important writers in Spain.

Grandes was politically left-wing. Her work was about the Francisco Franco's regime and the impact it had on democracy.

In October 2021, Grandes announced that she had colon cancer, diagnosed the year before. She died on 27 November 2021 from the disease in Madrid, at the age of 61.

December 2021 North American storm complex and derecho

During the afternoon and evening of Wednesday, December 15, 2021 a low pressure system brought strong, violent winds (both thunderstorm-involved and non-thunderstorm). Non-thunderstorm winds and gusts led to rapidly moving fires across Colorado and western Kansas. Dust and debris spread eastward from there. A powerful derecho (intense and very dangerous showers and thunderstorms having straight line winds and often varying levels of rain) led to several hundred damaging wind reports. That started from central Kansas northeast to east-central Wisconsin. The United States' National Weather Service got fifty-five hurricane force wind reports. The derecho was considered the most prolific (meaning productive) such event dating back to 2004, although a derecho five months later would become even more prolific.

On December 15, the Storm Prediction Center (SPC) warned of the potential (possibility) of severe, widespread and intense wind events from the eastern Great Plains to the western Great Lakes region. Along with strong winds, dry lines and a very strong cold front were forecast to be supported with a strong low pressure area southward into northeastern Missouri.

Right ahead of these components, out-of-season air masses were predicted to take shape across several states. In Iowa, Minnesota and Wisconsin, temperatures were from between 30°F and 45°F higher than December averages. Dew points reached into the lower 60s Fahrenheit. Given these ingredients, along with a weakening cap inversion, forecasters called for severe thunderstorms to get started and become widespread over the Upper Mississippi and Mid-Missouri valleys. Strong, damaging winds were the most predicted threat. Tornadoes, though, were also possible. One to two EF2 and greater were not ruled out.

On Monday, December 13 just before 2:30 am Central Standard Time (0830 UTC), forecasters stated a level 1/5 marginal risk for severe weather between 60 and 78 hours from there. The original severe likelihood was focused on areas from eastern Nebraska, across Iowa and south central Minnesota. Two days following that, just before midnight on December 14 (0600 UTC December 15), the level was upgraded towards moderate in north central and western Iowa. The same level of probability extended into southeastern Minnesota and west-central Wisconsin near La Crosse, Winona and nearby Rochester. Slight or enhanced chances involved other areas of the same states. Included in the slight or enhanced risk area were Eau Claire, the Minneapolis–Saint Paul Metropolitan Area and the Cedar Rapids–Iowa City metropolitan regions of eastern Iowa. That was the first moderate risk ever called across Iowa, Wisconsin and Minnesota in December of any year.

The first tornado watch for December 15 was called into effect at 1:20 pm CST (1920 UTC). The watch involved sections of eastern Nebraska, northeastern Kansas, northwestern Missouri, large sections of Iowa and south-central Minnesota. That was right after a quick-traveling thunderstorm line got into progress.

Along with the severe thunderstorms' damaging winds, the similar unrelated winds also became widespread that day. Many National Weather Service offices had almost 84 million people in the high wind warning notice alone.

The intensity and scope with the dry wind led to very dangerous fire weather situations across the Central Plains. Within that region, SPC officials outlined an important critical region from the Texas Panhandle to central Kansas. Extreme regions also included eastern Colorado and northeastern New Mexico.

In Colorado, particularly across the central and eastern sections of the state, an Air Quality alert was activated in anticipation of the combined air and dust over the area. There were rolling road closures across Interstates 25 and 70. On the earlier, six tractor trailers (semi trucks) turned over or flipped in strong winds in Colorado Springs.

In Pueblo city bus services were suspended for more than three hours. Some trees in the area were damaged. Roofs were ripped from homes. Fences and lots of vehicles were blown over during the winds. Power lines were downed all over the area.

In advance of the dangerous weather, several school and education districts in southwestern Kansas had to close classes. Strong, powerful winds stirred dust all over Kansas. State Departments of Transportation closed several highways. In particular, Interstate 70 from the Colorado-Kansas state border east to Salina for crashes blocking the road. Two separate crashes from poor visibility led to the deaths of three people in the state.

In nearby Nebraska, winds of just below 85 mph were reported at Grand Island. There, several rail cars were blown over. Local authorities were notified of blown out vehicles' windows, felled trees, downed power lines and flipped over semi-trucks.

Across Iowa, similarly violent winds happened. Hurricane-force wind gusts took place. Near Audubon, winds gusted to 88 mph. One man was killed when a gust blew down his semi-tractor-trailer.

In Minnesota just north, another man was killed when a tree landed onto him.

Almost eight dozen tornadoes were caused related to the storm. One in particular was later established for the first tornado in Minnesota in December. According to the National Weather Service, there were twenty tornadoes in that state.

Matti Keinonen

Matti Keinonen (6 November 1941 – 27 November 2021) was a Finnish professional ice hockey player and coach. He played in the SM-sarja with Lukko Rauma, RU-38, HJK Helsinki, Jokerit, and TPS Turku. 

Keinonen died in Uusikaupunki, Finland on 27 November 2021, at the age of 80.

Ruy Ohtake

Ruy Ohtake (27 January 1938 — 27 November 2021) was a Brazilian architect. He was the son of artist Tomie Ohtake. He was known for designing the Brazilian Embassy in Tokyo and the São Paulo Pavilion at the Expo '90. Ohtake was born in São Paulo, Brazil.

Ohtake died on 27 November 2021, in São Paulo from myelodysplastic syndrome at the age of 83.

Justo Gallego Martínez

Justo Gallego Martínez (20 September 1925 – 28 November 2021), also known as Don Justo, was a Spanish monk. He was known for building a church buildings in Mejorada del Campo since 1961. Most of the construction materials used were recycled materials. Don Justo dedicated the building to Our Lady of the Pillar (Nuestra Señora del Pilar).

Gallego Martínez died in Madrid on 28 November 2021, at the age of 96.

Alexander Gradsky

Alexander Borisovich Gradsky (; born Alexander Borisovich Fradkin, 3 November 1949 – 28 November 2021) was a Russian rock singer, bard, multi-instrumentalist and composer.

Gradsky was diagnosed with COVID-19 in September 2021 and his health got worse. On 26 November 2021, he had a stroke at his home in Moscow. He died two days later at the age of 72.

Laila Halme

Laila Sinikka Halme, née Soppi (4 March 1934 – 28 November 2021), was a Finnish singer. She took part in the 1963 Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Muistojeni laulu". She finished in tied 13th place.

Halme died on 28 November 2021 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 87.

C. J. Hunter

Cottrell James Hunter III (December 14, 1968 – November 28, 2021) was an American shot putter and coach. He was the 1999 World Champion. He was best known for his role in the BALCO scandal. He was also married to sprinter Marion Jones.

Hunter died on November 29, 2021, at the age of 52.

Emmit King

Emmit King (March 24, 1959 – November 28, 2021) was an American track and field sprinter. He won the first bronze medal at the 1983 World Championships. He competed at the 1984 and 1988 Olympics.

King was shot and killed on November 28, 2021, in Bessemer, Alabama at the age of 62.

Prince Andrew Romanoff

Prince Andrew Romanoff (born Andrew Andreievich Romanov; 21 January 1923 – 28 November 2021) was a Russian American artist and author. He was a grand-nephew of Russia's last Tsar, Nicholas II. He was a great-great-grandson in the male line of Emperor Nicholas I of Russia and since the death of Prince Dimitri Romanov in 2016, he was the disputed head of the House of Romanov.

Romanoff died on November 28, 2021 at an assisted living facility in Inverness, California at the age of 98.

Inverness, California

Inverness is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located in western Marin County, California.

Nicholas I of Russia

Nicholas I (; – ) was the Emperor of Russia, King of Poland and Grand Duke of Finland from 1825 until 1855. He was the third son of Paul I.


Vladimir Naumov

Vladimir Naumovich Naumov (; 6 December 1927 – 29 November 2021) was a Russian director and writer. His 1981 movie "Teheran 43" won the Golden Prize at the 12th Moscow International Film Festival.

Naumov died on 29 November 2021 in Moscow at the age of 93.

Alexander Zaitsev (astronomer)

Aleksandr Leonidovich Zaitsev (; 19 May 1945 – 29 November 2021) was a Russian and Soviet radio engineer and astronomer. He worked on radar astronomy technology. His best known works were near-Earth asteroid radar research, and SETI.

Marie-Claire Blais

Marie-Claire Blais, (5 October 1939 – 30 November 2021) was a Canadian writer, novelist, poet, and playwright. She wrote novels, plays, poetry, newspaper articles, radio dramas, and scripts for television. Some of her works included "La Belle Bête" (1959)", The Manuscripts of Pauline Archange" (1968)", Deaf to the City" (1979), and a ten-volume series "Soifs" written between 1995 and 2018.

Blais died 30 November 2021, in Key West, Florida at the age of 82.


Oriol Bohigas

Oriol Bohigas i Guardiola (20 December 1925 – 30 November 2021) was a Spanish architect and urban planner. Many saw that his works helped modernize Barcelona. He was the President of Fundació Joan Miró from 1981 until 1988 and member of the City Council of Barcelona from 1991 until 1994.

In 2015, Bohigas was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. He died from the disease on 30 November 2021 in Barcelona, aged 95.

Ray Kennedy

Raymond Kennedy (28 July 1951 – 30 November 2021) was an English footballer. Kennedy played as a forward. He scored 148 goals in 581 league and cup appearances in a 15-year career in the English Football League. He won 17 caps for England between 1976 and 1980.

Kennedy died on 30 November 2021 at his home in New Hartley, England from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, at the age of 70.

Arsenal

Liverpool

Swansea City

Individual

Jonathan Penrose

Jonathan Penrose OBE (7 October 1933 – 30 November 2021) was an English chess player. FIDE made him a grandmaster in 1993. 

He competed in Chess Olympiads between 1952 and 1962, and at the Olympiads of 1968 and 1970. His scores included +9−1=7 in 1962 (Varna), and +10−0=5 in 1968 (Lugano). On both occasions he won an individual silver medal on first board. In 1968, his score was bettered only by the World Champion, Tigran Petrosian.

Penrose won the British Chess Championship ten times between 1958 and 1969. This is a record. 

Penrose was awarded the OBE in 1971. He died on 30 November 2021, at the age of 88.

Erwin Wilczek

Erwin Wilczek (20 November 1940 – 30 November 2021) was a Polish professional footballer. He played for Górnik Zabrze and the Poland national team during the 1960s. He started as a forward and later played as a midfield.

Wilczek died on 30 November 2021, aged 81.

Robert Warren Miller

Robert Warren Miller (born May 23, 1933) is an American-born British billionaire and businessman. He is the co-founder of DFS (Duty Free Shops). He is the father of Crown Princess Marie-Chantal of Greece, Princess Alexandra von Fürstenberg, and Pia Getty.

Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece

Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece, RE (; born 20 May 1967) is the eldest son and second child of Constantine II, the last King of Greece from 1964 to 1973 and his wife, Anne-Marie of Denmark. He was heir apparent to the throne of Greece and was its crown prince from birth until the monarchy was abolished. 

Marie-Chantal, Crown Princess of Greece

Marie-Chantal, Crown Princess of Greece (born Marie-Chantal Claire Miller, 17 September 1968) is the wife of Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece, son of Constantine II of Greece and Anne-Marie of Denmark. 

Marie-Chantal's husband is the heir apparent to the defunct throne of Greece. She is a Danish princess by marriage because her husband is a descendant of Christian IX of Denmark.

Title

1 July 1995-present: Her Royal Highness The Crown Princess of Greece, The Duchess of Sparta, Princess of Denmark 

Honors 

-Greek Royal Family: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Olga and Sophia (1 July 1995), 

-Sweden: Commemorative Badge of the 50th Birthday Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf (30 April 1996)

Christian IX of Denmark

Christian IX (8 April 181829 January 1906) was King of Denmark from 1863 until his death in 1906. From 1863 to 1864, he was the Duke of Schleswig, Holstein and Lauenburg at the same time.


Rosita Sokou

Rosita Sokou (, "Zoi Maria (Rozita) Sokou"; 9 September 1923 – 14 December 2021) was a Greek journalist, author, playwright and translator. Sokou was one of the first women journalists in Greece. From 1977–1983 she became a celebrity as part of a panel in the TV Show "Na I Efkeria". In 1992–1993 she went on to host her own TV show at New Channel called "Visitors at Night". 

Sokou died from COVID-19 in Athens, on 14 December 2021, at the age of 98.

Newspapers

Magazines

Radio

TV

Films

Books and comics

Theatre




Kat Graham

Katerina Alexandre Hartford Graham (born September 5, 1989) is an American actress, singer, dancer and model. She is best known for her role as Bonnie Bennett on The CW supernatural drama series "The Vampire Diaries" (2009–2017).

Lisa Cano Burkhead

Lisa Cano Burkhead (born 1970 or 1971) is an American educator and politician. She was the 36th Lieutenant Governor of Nevada from 2021 to 2022. ​She was nominated by Governor Steve Sisolak to replace Kate Marshall.

Plectrohyla chrysopleura

Plectrohyla chrysopleura is a frog that lives in Honduras. Scientists have seen it between 930 and 1550 meters above sea level.

The Latin name for this frog "chrysopleura" comes from the Greek words "chrysos," for "gold," and "pleura" for "side." It is named after the yellow marks on the sides of its body.

The adult male frog is 56.6 to 65.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 63.3 to 65.6 mm long. This frog has teeth. It has disks on its toes for climbing. This frog is gray in color with some bronze. It has yellow marks on its sides. Its eardrums are bronze or copper in color. Its belly is yellow-gray. Its legs are yellow and olive green.

Adult female frogs and young frogs of both sexes have some dark brown color too.

This frog lays eggs in streams.

Scientists think this frog is endangered because human beings change the places where it lives when they cut down trees for logging, turn forests into farms, or let cows and other animals eat grass in them. It is also endangered because of not enough rainfall, floods, and climate change. The fungal disease chytridiomycosis can also kill this frog.

Iphofen

Iphofen is a town in Kitzingen in Bavaria, Germany. It has a population of around 4,500.

Iphofen is in the southeast of Kitzingen of Bavaria, in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Unterfranken. It is 9 km southeast of Kitzingen on Bundesstraße 8. The town is about 10 km from the river Main. The nearest city is Würzburg. Iphofen is at the foot of the Schwanberg, a well known hill on the northwestern edge of the "Mittelgebirge" Steigerwald.

Iphofen has six "Stadtteile" in addition to the town itself. These are , , , , and .

Iphofen borders on (from the north, clockwise): Castell, Oberscheinfeld, Markt Bibart, Markt Einersheim, Sugenheim, Willanzheim, Mainbernheim, Rödelsee und Wiesenbronn.


Football Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Football Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina is the governing body of football in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Bosnian football association was founded as the sub-association of Yugoslavia in 1920. In 1992 the association was re-founded as the football association of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

In May 2002 the Football Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina was unified with the Football Association of Republika Srpska and the Football Federation of Herzeg-Bosnia. In April 2011 it changed its name from Football Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina to Football Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Due to the difficult political situation in Bosnia-Herzegowina the Association had since they became member of the FIFA in 1996 three presidents. One was a Bosniak, one a Croat and one a Serb. This was tolereted by the FIFA till April 2011. Then Bosnia- Herzegowina was banned from all competitions because this was against FIFA-laws. On December 13, 2012 Elvedin Begić was elected as the new first single president of the BiH football organization .

Kleinlangheim

Kleinlangheim is a municipality in Kitzingen in Lower Franconia, Bavaria in Germany.

Catherine Valogne

Catherine Valogne (pseudonym Catherine Val 1924 – 6 March 2021) was a French painter, journalist and sculptor.

She wrote for several Parisian newspapers, "Arts3, Les Lettres française, Ce soir, Combat", and Swiss newspapers, "La Tribune de Lausanne, La feuille avis de Lausanne". 

She published about fifteen books, including six poems. 

She wrote and published biographies of Edward Gordon Craig and Jean Vilar. She wrote about art and people of the 1960s.

She died in Fontenay-aux-Roses on 6 March 2021.


Angela Bettencourt

Angela Maria Monteiro Bettencourt (25 June 1951 – 10 April 2021) was a Brazilian librarian. She was very important to the digitization of book collections. 

She graduated from the Federal University of the State of Rio de Janeiro, and Brazilian Institute of Information in Science and Technology (IBICT) .

She was coordinator at the National Library of Brazil of the large digitization projects.



Rubina Kuraoka

Rubina Kuraoka (born 17 October 1987 in Berlin) is a German voice actress.




Ana Vives Casas

Ana Vives Casas (17 July 1971 Ponferrada – 23 April 2021 Huelva) was a Spanish journalist. From 2019 to 2021, she was director of "Huelva Información." She was awarded the Huelva Journalism Award,​

She graduated from the University of Navarra. She was editor of the newspaper "Huelva Información," rising to director.

Mainstockheim

Mainstockheim is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany. It is famous for its choir, the Choir of Mainstockheim. 
Since 2021, Mainstockheim has been a significant site for the study of dendrochronology after fossils of what are potentially the most ancient trees in Germany were found in its forests.

Marktsteft

Marktsteft () is a town in Kitzingen, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the left bank of the Main, southwest of Kitzingen.

It was the birthplace (1885) of the well-known Second World War general Albert Kesselring.


Martinsheim

Martinsheim is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Nordheim am Main

Nordheim am Main is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Obernbreit

Obernbreit is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Prichsenstadt

Prichsenstadt () is a town in Kitzingen, Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

Rödelsee

Rödelsee is a municipality in Kitzingen, Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is placed near the Schwanberg and famous for growing wine.

Rüdenhausen

Rüdenhausen is a market town and municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Schwarzach am Main

Schwarzach am Main is a market town and municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Main.

Segnitz

Segnitz is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany, 25 km south of Würzburg on the Main river. The village is well known as the home of Renaissance master builder , horticulture and wine and has less than 850 residents.

Seinsheim

Seinsheim is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Sommerach

Sommerach is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Sommerach is on the southern part of the river Main loop on Wine Island ("Weininsel"). It is 3 km (2 mi.) away from the motorway A3 (exit Kitzingen/Schwarzach/Volkach).

Sulzfeld am Main

Sulzfeld am Main is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesentheid

Wiesentheid is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.


Daniel Sherman

Daniel Sherman (14 August 1721 - 28 July 1799) was the Great Grandfather of William Tecumseh Sherman. Daniel sat in the Connecticut General Assembly for 30 years.


Willanzheim

Willanzheim is a municipality in Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany. Notable natives include Philipp Joseph Frick, b. April 14 1742, organist, composer, and performer on the glass armonica.

Land van Cuijk

Land van Cuijk is a municipality in the province of North Brabant, the Netherlands. As of 2022, about 90,000 people are living there.

It was established by a merger of Boxmeer, Cuijk, Grave, Mill en Sint Hubert, and Sint Anthonis on 1 January 2022.


Douro

The Duero is a river on the Iberian Peninsula, in Spain and Portugal. Its Portuguese name is Douro. It is long, and flows into the Atlantic Ocean near Porto. It rises in Soria Province, in Spain. The river marks the border between Spain and Portugal for . of the lower course is in Portugal. The Douro railway line runs along the river, in Portugal. The region is also known for wine-making and tourism.

Maashorst

Maashorst is a municipality in the province of North Brabant, the Netherlands. As of 2022, about 58,000 people are living there.

It was established by a merger of Landerd and Uden on 1 January 2022.

Dijk en Waard

Dijk en Waard is a municipality in North Holland, the Netherlands. As of 2022, about 87,000 people are living there.

It was established by a merger of Heerhugowaard and Langedijk on 1 January 2022.


Zafar Sobhan

Zafar Sobhan (born 1970) is a Bangladeshi businessman, editor and former football player. He started the "Dhaka Tribune" newspaper. He runs a news company. Sobhan is the first Bangladeshi news writer to be syndicated outside Bangladesh. This means that newspapers from other countries paid to put his writing in their papers.

Sobhan was also a senior editor at the "Daily Star" newspaper and an editor of "Forum" magazine. He wrote for "The New York Times", "The Guardian", "TIME", and other newspapers and magazines. His news company is the 2nd most famous in Bangladesh and Dhaka behind Daily Star As of 21 December 2022 he is still active. 

He used to be a professional football player.

He was an 84 rated CDM player who played for the Bangladeshi football club Abahani.

He won many trophies. He played in 2013 and won the Ascent Corporation 5-1 Football Cup. 

He retired soon after that, and was the best player for Bangladesh.

The World Economic Forum named him a Young Global Leader in 2005. It named him an Asia 21 Young Leader in 2008.

He married S.F.A. Sobhan on Thanksgiving 2011. They have approximately six to seven children: Shamil, Suri, Bobbi, Bella, Billy. 

The River Wild

The River Wild is a 1994 American adventure movie directed by Curtis Hanson and starring Meryl Streep, John C. Reilly, Kevin Bacon, David Strathairn, Joseph Mazzello, Benjamin Bratt. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


A Romance of Wastdale

A Romance of Wastdale is a 1921 British silent adventure movie directed by Maurice Elvey and was based on the 1895 novel of the same name by A. E. W. Mason. It stars Milton Rosmer, Fred Raynham, Irene Rooke.

The Son of the Sheik

The Son of the Sheik is a 1926 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by George Fitzmaurice and was based on the 1925 novel of the same name by Edith Maude Hall. It stars Rudolph Valentino (in his last movie), Vilma Bánky, George Fawcett, Montagu Love, Karl Dane, Bull Montana and is the sequel to the 1921 movie "The Sheik".


Hashtag United F.C.

Hashtag United is a semi-professional football team who play in Pitsea, Essex.

Pitsea

Pitsea is a small town in Essex, in the south east of England.

Plectrohyla exquisita

Plectrohyla exquisita is a frog that lives in Honduras. Scientists have seen it between 1490 and 1680 meters above sea level.

Game of Death II

Game of Death II (死亡塔) is a 1981 Hong Kong martial arts movie directed by Ng See-yuen and starring Tong Lung, Huong Cheng Li and Roy Horan. This film was marketed as a sequel to "Game of Death (1978 movie)". Produced and distributed by "Golden Harvest".


Other Game of Death movies after the death of "Bruce Lee". After the first appearance, in 1973, of "The Game of Death (1972 movie)" within the documentary "", several studios exploited the situation by making their own versions of Game of Death based on what they had learned of the story from production stills and magazine articles. Some of these films pre-dated Robert Clouse's "Game of Death (1978 movie)". "" (1975), "Enter the Game of Death" (1978), "The True Game of Death" (1979) and others. The sequel "Game of Death II", is a kung fu action mystery film directed by "Ng See-yuen" which used cut footage from Lee's "Enter the Dragon" to have him make an appearance in the beginning of the film, only to be killed off midway, allowing his on-screen brother to take on the role of protagonist. Aside from the international English dub giving the "Bruce Lee" character the name "Billy Lo", this movie appears to have no connection with Clouse's film.

Tara Rani Srivastava

Tara Rani was born in a simple family in Saran, Bihar and got married to Phulendu Babu. They joined the Quit India Movement of Gandhi Ji in 1942, they planned to raise the Indian flag on the roof of the Siwan Police Station. They managed to gather a crowd and started their march towards the Siwan Police Station, shouting ‘Inquilab’.When they were marching towards them, the police opened fire Phulendu was hit and fell to the ground.Tara bandaged him with the help of her sari and continued to lead the crowd. Her husband died, when Tara came back but she continued to support the freedom struggle.

Küps

Küps is a municipality in Kronach in Bavaria in Germany.

Marktrodach

Marktrodach is a municipality in Kronach in Bavaria in Germany.

Mitwitz

Mitwitz is a municipality in Kronach in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the Steinach river and the Föritz (which flows into the Steinach), on the edge of the Frankenwald on the route between Kronach and Coburg.

Nordhalben

Nordhalben is a municipality in Kronach in Bavaria in Germany.

Pressig

Pressig is a municipality in Kronach, Upper Franconia, in Bavaria in Germany.

Reichenbach, Upper Franconia

Reichenbach is a municipality in Kronach in Bavaria in Germany.

Schneckenlohe

Schneckenlohe is a municipality in Kronach in Bavaria in Germany.

Schneckenlohe is twinned with:


Steinbach am Wald

Steinbach is a municipality in Kronach in Bavaria in Germany.

2021 Osaka building fire

On 17 December 2021, a fire broke out in Osaka, Japan. It happened at the "Nishi Umeda clinic for the mind and body of workers", a psychiatric clinic, on the fourth floor of the Dojima Kita Building in Kita-ku. The fire is suspected to have been an arson attack. Twenty-six people, including the suspect, were killed. Three others were injured, including the suspect.


Marilee Stepan

Mary Louise Stepan (February 2, 1935 – December 15, 2021) was an American competition swimmer. Stepan represented the United States at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. She won a bronze medal at the event. Stepan was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Stepan died in Winnetka, Illinois on December 15, 2021, at the age of 86.

Manuel Santana

Manuel Santana Martínez (10 May 1938 – 11 December 2021), also known as Manolo Santana, was a Spanish tennis player. He was voted world No. 1 in 1965 and in 1966. He was born in Madrid. He won the US Open in 1965 and, before winning Wimbledon the next year.

Santana died on 11 December 2021 in Madrid at the age of 83.

Sergei Solovyov (movie director)

Sergei Alexandrovich Solovyov (; 25 August 1944 – 13 December 2021) was a Russian movie director, producer, screenwriter, and actor. In 1975, he won the Silver Bear for Best Director at the 25th Berlin International Film Festival for his movie "One Hundred Days After Childhood".

Solovyov died on 13 December 2021 in Moscow, at the age of 77.


Verónica Forqué

Verónica Forqué Vázquez-Vigo (; 1 December 1955 – 13 December 2021) was a Spanish actress. She was a four-time Goya Award winner. 

Stanley Kubrick hired Forqué for the European Spanish-language dub of Shelley Duvall as Wendy Torrance in "The Shining" (1980).

She starred in television series such as "Pepa y Pepe" (1995) and "La vida de Rita" (2003).

Forqué was found dead by suicide in her Madrid home on 13 December 2021 at the age of 66.

Carmen Maura

María del Carmen García Maura (born 15 September 1945) is a Spanish actress. Maura is best known for her works Spanish movie directors Pedro Almodóvar and Álex de la Iglesia. Maura holds the record (with three) for most Goya Awards for Best Leading Actress. She also won a Cesar Award in 2013.

Maura is seen as a gay icon for the role of a transsexual person in Almodóvar's "Law of Desire".

Álex de la Iglesia

Alejandro "Álex" de la Iglesia Mendoza (born 4 December 1965) is a Spanish movie director, screenwriter, producer and former comic book artist. ​He is known for his dark comedy and horror movies. His best known works are "The Last Circus" (2010) and "As Luck Would Have It" (2011).

Yury Sharov

Yury Sharov (; 22 April 1939 – 12 December 2021) was a Soviet fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1964 Summer Olympics and a silver in the same event at the 1968 Summer Olympics. 

Sharov died on 12 December 2021, at the age of 82.

Robert Jervis

Robert Jervis (April 30, 1940 – December 9, 2021) was an American political scientist. He was a professor at Columbia University and at the School of International and Public Affairs. He was a member of the Columbia faculty from 1980 until his death in 2021. Jervis was co-editor of the "Cornell Studies in Security Affairs".

Jervis, a lifelong non-smoker, died of lung cancer on December 9, 2021, at the age of 81.

Al Unser

Alfred Unser (May 29, 1939 – December 9, 2021) was an American automobile racing driver.

He was the younger brother of racing drivers Jerry and Bobby Unser, and father of Al Unser Jr. He was the second of four men (A. J. Foyt, himself, Rick Mears and Hélio Castroneves) to have won the Indianapolis 500-Mile Race four times (1970, 1971, 1978, 1987). He also won the National Championship in 1970, 1983, and 1985.

In 2004, Unser was diagnosed with liver cancer. He died from the disease on December 9, 2021 at his home in Chama, New Mexico at the age of 82.

Chama, New Mexico

Chama is a village in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 917 at the 2020 census. 

Airplane mode

Airplane mode is a setting in mobile devices that put off its radio frequencies, so as to not interfere with the communication devices of airplane pilots during a flight.

Steinwiesen

Steinwiesen is a market town and municipality in Kronach in Bavaria, Germany about 100 km slightly east of due north of Nuremberg, and about 10 km northeast of Kronach.


Stockheim

Stockheim is a municipality in Kronach in Bavaria in Germany. It is on Bundesstraße 85, and on the touristic route "Bier- und Burgenstraße" (Beer- and Castle Road). 

Tettau

Tettau is a municipality in Kronach, Bavaria in Germany.

Tschirn

Tschirn is a village in Kronach in Oberfranken (Bavaria, Germany). In the Frankenwald mountain range, it incorporates the sections Tschirn, Dobermühle and Gemeindeschneidmühle. The oldest historical record dates 1276.

Weißenbrunn

Weißenbrunn is a municipality in Kronach in Bavaria in Germany.

Wilhelmsthal

Wilhelmsthal is a municipality in Kronach in Bavaria, Germany.

Grafengehaig

Grafengehaig is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

It is a part of the Franconian Forest nature park.

Grafengehaig is arranged in the following boroughs:

Guttenberg, Bavaria

Guttenberg is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany. 

The town is closely connected to House of Guttenberg, who have been associated with the locality since the Middle Ages and still own most of the land in the area.

A landmark in the municipality is the , the seat of the Guttenberg family.

The municipality's coat of arms is originated from that of the Guttenberg family.

Guttenberg is made up of the following neighbourhoods:

Harsdorf

Harsdorf is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Harsdorf is arranged in the following boroughs:


Himmelkron

Himmelkron is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Himmelkron is arranged in the following boroughs:

Kasendorf

Kasendorf is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Kasendorf is arranged in the following boroughs:

Ködnitz

Ködnitz is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Ködnitz is arranged in the following boroughs:


Kulmbach

Kulmbach is the capital of the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany. The town is famous for Plassenburg Castle, which houses the largest tin soldier museum in the world, and for its sausages, or "Bratwürste".

Kulmbach is in the middle of the Bavarian province of Upper Franconia, about northwest of the city of Bayreuth. To the south of Kulmbach, the River Main begins at the convergence of its headstreams, the White Main and Red Main.

Kulmbach is divided into the following districts (with population in brackets):


Femina Miss Manipur

Femina Miss Manipur Queen or Miss India Manipur Queen is an annual beauty pageant that selects representatives from Manipur to compete in Miss India, and then to Miss World, one of the Big Four international beauty pageants. The event is organised by Robert Naorem Studio and Academy, under the guidance of Robert Naorem. It is one of the most watched beauty pageants in North East India. It co-exists with Miss Manipur, Miss Kangleipak and Miss Meetei Chanu.

The "Femina Miss India Manipur" event was first organised with the initiative of "Robert Naorem Studio and Academy" by Robert Naorem in 2017. It is to to select representatives from Manipur to compete in "Femina Miss India". Kanchan Soibam became the first to represent Manipur in the Miss India event. The general Miss Manipur contest is different from "Femina Miss Manipur Queen" and it has no access to "Miss India" event. "Femina Miss Manipur" is the only event in Manipur, that has connection with the national level pageant.

Exerodonta sumichrasti

Sumichrast's tree frog ("Exerodonta sumichrasti") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests between 200 and 2000 meters above sea level on the Pacific Ocean side (west side) of the mountains. It lives in the states of Guerrero, Oaxaca, and Chiapas.

Jerry Unser Jr.

Jeremy Michael Unser Jr. (November 15, 1932 – May 17, 1959) was an American racecar driver. He was the 1957 USAC Stock Car champion.

He died in a practice crash before the 1959 Indianapolis 500 on May 17, 1959.

His brothers Al and Bobby and his nephew Al Jr. have won the "500". His son Johnny and nephew Robby have also competed in the race.

Rick Mears

Rick Ravon Mears (born December 3, 1951) is a retired American race car driver. He is one of four men to win the Indianapolis 500 four times (1979, 1984, 1988, 1991). He was added in the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 1998.

Jacques Zimako

Jacques Zimako (28 December 1951 – 8 December 2021) was a French professional footballer. He played as a forward. He made 13 appearances for the France national team between 1977 and 1981, scoring two goals. 

He died on 8 December 2021, at the age of 69.

Andrzej Zieliński (athlete)

Andrzej Franciszek Zieliński (20 August 1936 – 8 December 2021) was a Polish athlete. Zieliński was born in Warsaw. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics held in Tokyo, Japan, where he won the silver medal for the 4 x 100 metre relay.

Zieliński died on 8 December 2021 in Warsaw, at the age of 85.

Robbie Shakespeare

Robert Warren Dale Shakespeare (27 September 1953 – 8 December 2021) was a Jamaican bass guitarist and record producer. He was best known as half of the reggae rhythm section and production duo Sly and Robbie, with drummer Sly Dunbar. He was seen as one of the best reggae bassists. Shakespeare was also known for his use of electronics. 

Shakespeare died from problems caused by kidney surgery in Miami, Florida on 8 December 2021, at the age of 68.

Sly Dunbar

Lowell Fillmore "Sly" Dunbar (born 10 May 1952) is a Jamaican reggae drummer. He is best known as one half of the prolific Jamaican rhythm section and reggae production duo Sly and Robbie.

Alfredo Moreno

Alfredo David Moreno (12 January 1980 – 8 December 2021) was an Argentine-Mexican footballer. He played as a forward. He was known for playing for Club Necaxa between 2003 until 2006, making 132 appearances.

Moreno died from stomach cancer on 8 December 2021 at a hospital in Aguascalientes City, Mexico, at the age of 41.


École Nationale des Chartes

École nationale des chartes is a French grande école and a constituent college at the PSL Research University, specializing in historical sciences. It was founded in 1821. The students, who are recruited by competing exams and have the status of civil servant trainees, receive the qualification as archivist-paleographer after completing a dissertation. They generally pursue careers as cultural heritage curators in the archives and visual fields, as library curators or as lecturers and researchers in the humanities and social sciences. In 2005, the school also introduced master's degrees, to which students were recruited based on an application portfolio, and in 2011 PhD degrees.



Blackjack Lanza

John Mortl Lanzo (October 14, 1935 – December 8, 2021) was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Blackjack Lanza. He was known for working with Blackjack Mulligan as they were known as The Blackjacks.

From the 1960s to 1980s, Lanza wrestled for promotions such as the American Wrestling Association, World Wrestling Association, and the World Wide Wrestling Federation, winning the AWA World Tag Team Championship, WWA World Tag Team Championship, and WWWF World Tag Team Championship with Mulligan. 

He was a member of the WWE Hall of Fame and the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Lanzo died at his home in Alexandria, Minnesota after a long-illness on December 8, 2021 at the age of 86.

Lars Høgh

Poul Lars Høgh Pedersen (; 14 January 1959 – 8 December 2021) was a Danish footballer. He played his entire career as a goalkeeper for Odense BK. He won three Danish football championships and three Danish Cup trophies.

He played eight matches for the Denmark national team between 1983 until 1995.

Høgh died in Odense, Denmark on 8 December 2021 from pancreatic cancer, aged 62.


Barry Harris

Barry Doyle Harris (December 15, 1929 – December 8, 2021) was an American jazz pianist, bandleader, composer, arranger, and educator. He was known for his bebop style.

Harris died on December 8, 2021 in North Bergen, New Jersey from problems caused by COVID-19, one week before his 92nd birthday.

Masayuki Uemura

Uemura died on 6 December 2021, at the age of 78.

Emma Gapchenko

Emma Vasilyevna Gapchenko (; 24 February 1938 – 6 December 2021) was Russian archer. She won three gold medals at the world championships in 1969–73 and a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

She died on 6 December 2021, at the age of 83.

Alvin Lucier

Alvin Augustus Lucier Jr. (May 14, 1931 – December 1, 2021) was an American composer. His works were mainly experimental music and sound installations. He was a music professor at Wesleyan University and was a member of the Sonic Arts Union.

Lucier died at his home in Middletown, Connecticut, on December 1, 2021, at age 90, from problems caused by a fall.

Miroslav Zikmund

Miroslav Zikmund (14 February 1919 – 1 December 2021) was a Czech travel writer and explorer. He was known for his works with Jiří Hanzelka. The two became known as Hanzelka and Zikmund and made many movies about their travels.

Zikmund died in Prague on 1 December 2021 at the age of 102.

John Miles (musician)

John Miles (born John Errington; 23 April 1949 – 5 December 2021) was a British rock singer, guitarist and keyboard player. He was best known for his 1976 top 3 UK hit single "Music".

Miles died after a short illness on 5 December 2021 in Newcastle upon Tyne, England at the age of 72.


Stevan Jelovac

Stevan Jelovac (; 8 July 1989 – 5 December 2021) was a Serbian professional basketball player. He played with Basket Zaragoza between 2014 until 2017.

Jelovac died in Novi Sad, Serbia on 5 December 2021 from problems caused by a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 32.

Aurelio Galfetti

Aurelio Galfetti (2 April 1936 – 5 December 2021) was a Swiss architect. Galfetti was born in Biasca, Ticino. One of his most important works was the renovation of Castelgrande at Bellinzona.

Galfetti died on 5 December 2021, at the age of 85.


Pierre Rabhi

Pierre Rabhi (born Rabah Rabhi; 29 May 1938 – 4 December 2021) was a French writer, farmer, and environmentalist. He was seen as an important person in French . He supported the idea of creating oasis everywhere. He believed lands should be left for nature. His use of anthroposophically-based was controversial. 

Rabhi died on 4 December 2021, at the age of 83.

Paul Lannoye

Paul Lannoye (22 June 1939 – 4 December 2021) was a Belgian politician. He was a co-founder of the Ecolo party. He was a member of the European Parliament from 1989 to 2004. 

Lannoye died on 4 December 2021, at the age of 82.

Jōji Yanami

Yanami died on December 3, 2021, at the age of 90.

Momčilo Vukotić

Momčilo "Moca" Vukotić (Serbian Cyrillic: Moмчилo Моца Bукoтић; 2 June 1950 – 3 December 2021) was a Serbian football coach and player. He played 14 times for the Yugoslavia national football team between 1969 and 1974, making four goals.

Vukotić died from throat cancer on 3 December 2021, in Belgrade at the age of 71.

Nina Urgant

Nina Nikolayevna Urgant (; 4 September 1929 – 3 December 2021) was a Soviet and Russian actress. She was honored with the People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1974. Urgant was born in Luga, Leningrad Oblast, RSFSR, Soviet Union. Her best known roles were in "Tamer of Tigers", "Belorussian Station" and "Bonus".

Urgant died on 3 December 2021 in Saint Petersburg, Russia at the age of 92.

Antoine-Denis Chaudet

Antoine-Denis Chaudet (3 March 1763 – 19 April 1810) was a French sculptor who worked in a neoclassical style.

He married his pupil, the painter Jeanne-Elisabeth Chaudet.



Lamine Diack

Lamine Diack (7 June 1933 – 3 December 2021) was a Senegalese businessman, sports administrator, and athlete. He was president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) from 1999 to 2015. He was also a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) from 1999 to 2013.

He had been under house arrest from November 2015, and his trial in France started in June 2020 because of his role over the coverup of doping in Russia.

Diack died on 3 December 2021, at the age of 88.

Lawrence Weiner

Lawrence Charles Weiner (February 10, 1942 – December 2, 2021) was an American conceptual artist. He was an important person in the creation of conceptual art in the 1960s. His works were usually a form of word art.

Weiner died on December 2, 2021, in New York City from prostate cancer at the age of 79.

Richard Lerner

Richard Alan Lerner (August 26, 1938 – December 2, 2021) was an American research chemist. He was best known for his work on catalytic antibodies. He was President of The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) until 2012. He was a member of its Skaggs Institute for Chemical Biology, in La Jolla, California. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He won a Wolf Prize in 1994.

Lerner died on December 2, 2021 in San Diego, California at the age of 83.

Darlene Hard

Darlene Ruth Hard (January 6, 1936 – December 2, 2021) was an American professional tennis player. She won singles titles at the French Championships in 1960 and the U.S. Championships in 1960 and 1961.

With eight different partners, she won a total of 13 women's doubles titles in Grand Slam tournaments. 

Hard died on December 2, 2021 in Los Angeles, California from problems caused by a fall, aged 85.

The Seattle Times

The Seattle Times is a daily newspaper, which is published in Washington state. The newspaper was founded in 1891, as Seattle Press-Times. In 2021, it is the newspaper with the highest circulation in the state; most people who read newspapers read The Seattle Times. The Seattle Times Company publishes the newspaper. Bethen family holds a majority in the company. Several reports of The Seattle Times were awarded the Pulitzer Prize. In 2013, its printed circulation was about 275.000 copies.

Aldo Giordano

Aldo Giordano (20 August 1954 – 2 December 2021) was an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Apostolic Nuncio to the European Union in 2021. He was Apostolic Nuncio to Venezuela from 2013 to 2021. He was the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to the Council of Europe in Strasbourg from 2008 to 2013. Giordano was born in Cuneo, Italy.

Giordano died on 2 December 2021 from problems caused by COVID-19 at a hospital in Louvain, Belgium at the age of 67.

Demaryius Thomas

Demaryius Antwon Thomas (December 25, 1987 – December 9, 2021) was an American football wide receiver. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for ten seasons. He mainly played for the Denver Broncos. With this team, Thomas made four Pro Bowls and won Super Bowl 50.

Thomas was found dead at his home in Roswell, Georgia, on December 9, 2021, at age 33. He had health problems after a car crash in 2019. In July 2022, his brain was examined and found it had stage 2 chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).

Jimmy Rave

James Michael Guffey (December 8, 1982 – December 12, 2021), better known by the ring name Jimmy Rave, was an American professional wrestler. He was best known for his time with Ring of Honor (ROH) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA). His career began in 1999 and he retired in 2020.

Guffey announced his retirement on November 28, 2020 because of an infection in his left arm that caused it to be amputated. On October 24, 2021, he tweeted that he had both of his legs amputated because of an MRSA infection.

Guffey died at the age of 39 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on December 12, 2021.

Clarín

Clarín is an Argentine newspaper published in the city of Buenos Aires. It was founded on August 28, 1945, by Roberto Noble. The digital version of the Clarin.com newspaper is the sixth most consulted digital newspaper in Spanish in the world with 6,948,000 unique users in September 2020.

Clarín launched clarin.com, the website for the newspaper, in March 1996. The site served nearly 6 million unique visitors daily in Argentina in April 2011, making it the fifth most visited website in the country that month and the most widely visited of any website based in Argentina itself. In May 2019, Clarín set the record for audience in digital media in Argentina with 19,564,000 unique visitors, according to Comscore's registry.

Kara Koyunlu

The Qara Qoyunlu or Kara Koyunlu () were a tribal alliance of Oghuz tribes. They ruled Azerbaijan, Armenia, eastern Anatolia, and northern Iraq from 1375 to 1468.  The Kara Koyunlus settled in the south of Lake Van. They became strong in Erzincan, Sivas and in the north-eastern lands of Eastern Anatolia in the 1370s. The Kara Koyunla fought against the Aq Qoyunlu, Jalairis, and Timurid.

The Qara Qoyunlu dynasty was founded by Bayram Khoja.  His successor, Qara Muhammad, became related to Jalairi Sultan Ahmad in order to end problems with the Jalairi.  This led to the capture of the western part of Azerbaijan, including Tabriz. The Qara Qoyunlus become a great empire during the rule of Gara Yusif.  In a battle against the Timurids and Jalairis, Qara Yusif created a large state from Azerbaijan. This united Eastern Georgia, Arab Iraq and Ajam Iraq. Qara Iskander, the son of Qara Yusif, restored the rule of Kara Koyunlu in 1421. Sultan Shahrukh left Tabriz, he entered the city.  When Shah Rukh returned, all the lands he had captured were recaptured by Black Alexander.

According to the German Turkologist Gerhard Doerfere, it is very strange that the word "Turkmen" still confuses the Aq Qoyunlu and Qara Qoyunlu Turkmens.  The word Turkmen actually means "nomadic Oghuz. Aq Qoyunlu and Qara Qoyunlu" are Azerbaijanis

researchers associate the Oghuz dialect of Kara-Qoyunlu with the Azerbaijani language.  For example, Faruk Shumer recorded that the Eastern Oghuz dialect of Qara-Qoyunlu is called the Azerbaijani language today, and Muhsin Behramnejad named Azerbaijani language an inherited from Qara-Qoyunlu Turkmen tribes. Sultan Kara-Koyunlu 1435-1467 Jahan shah is the generally recognized representative of Azerbaijani poetry.

Kupferberg

Kupferberg is a municipality in Kulmbach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Frankenwald, 9 km northeast of Kulmbach.

Ludwigschorgast

Ludwigschorgast is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Ludwigschorgast is arranged in the following boroughs:


Mainleus

Mainleus is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Mainleus is arranged in the following boroughs:

Marktleugast

Marktleugast is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Marktleugast is on the southeastern edge of the Frankenwald Nature Park.

Marktleugast is arranged in the following boroughs:


Marktschorgast

Marktschorgast is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Marktschorgast is arranged in the following boroughs:

Neudrossenfeld

Neudrossenfeld is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Neudrossenfeld is arranged in the following boroughs:

Neuenmarkt

Neuenmarkt is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Neuenmarkt is arranged in the following boroughs:

Presseck

Presseck is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Presseck is arranged in the following boroughs:

Rugendorf

Rugendorf is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Rugendorf is arranged in the following boroughs:

Stadtsteinach

Stadtsteinach is a town in Kulmbach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Frankenwald, 8 km northeast of Kulmbach.

Stadtsteinach is arranged in the following boroughs:

Thurnau

Thurnau is a municipality in Kulmbach, Germany.

Trebgast

Trebgast is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Trebgast is arranged in the following boroughs:


Eduardo Feinmann

Eduardo Guillermo Feinmann (Buenos Aires, October 31, 1958) is an Argentine lawyer, journalist, political analyst, radio and television presenter.

His confrontational and direct style has led him to make controversial statements. Feinmann describes himself as center-right and is against legalization of drugs and abortion;
he is also recognized as a conservative.

Untersteinach

Untersteinach is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Untersteinach is arranged in the following boroughs:

Wirsberg

Wirsberg is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Wirsberg is arranged in the following boroughs:

Wonsees

Wonsees is a municipality in Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.

Wonsees is arranged in the following boroughs:


Credit bank

When somebody borrows resources from somebody else, credit is the trust that they will later pay it back. The term often is used when somebody borrows money from a bank. This is called a loan. A bank may not give somebody credit if they do not think they would pay the loan back.

A bank or a credit union can give somebody a credit card. This is a card somebody can use when they are buying something instead of using cash. Credit cards are given on the trust they will pay the bank or credit union.

Apfeldorf

Apfeldorf is a municipality in Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany.

Denklingen

Denklingen is a municipality in Landsberg (also called Landsberg am Lech) in Bavaria in Germany. The former municipality of Epfach, which has a history back to the Roman period, is now part of Denklingen.

Denklingen is the most southwesterly municipality in Landsberg. It is on flats to the west of the Lech River. It is at the edge of Denklinger Rotwalds (red forest of Denklingen) and Sachsenrieder forest.

Dießen am Ammersee

Dießen am Ammersee is a municipality in Landsberg in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the shores of the Ammersee.

It is in the Bavarian Alpine Foreland. The town stretches from the shores of the Ammersee to the forested morainic hills of the Saale and Würm glaciation.

The town area consists of the market town of Dießen (with St. Georgen, Wengen, Ziegelstadel, Bischofsried and Seehof) and the former independent boroughs of Rieden (with Riederau, Bierdorf, Lachen, St. Alban and Romenthal), Dettenschwang (with Oberhausen, Unterhausen, Wolfgrub and Abtsried), Dettenhofen (with Pitzeshofen, Engenried, Hübschenried and Ummenhausen) and Obermühlhausen (with Oberbeuern, Unterbeuern and Schlöglhof).


Miss Saigon

Miss Saigon is a musical by Alain Boublil and Claude-Michel Schönberg. The work uses the same book as the opera Madama Butterfly, by Puccini. The musical is set during the Vietnam War. The first representation was on 20 Septembre 1989, at Drury Lane Theatre in London. The musical has been very successful, and there are official adaptations to English and German. The original is French.

Madeleine Arthur

Madeleine Arthur (born March 10, 1997) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her role as young Willa Warren in the ABC drama series "The Family". She played Jane Keane, the daughter of Amy Adams' character, in Tim Burton's biographical movie "Big Eyes" (2014). Arthur also has had guest roles in "The Killing", "The Tomorrow People", and "Supernatural".

COVID-19 pandemic in Rhode Island

The COVID-19 pandemic began affecting the U.S. state of Rhode Island on March 1, 2020. As of December 17, 2021, there were 2,992 deaths from the COVID-19 respiratory virus. The cause of COVID-19 came through the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (the SARS-CoV-2 gene). COVID-19 first hit Rhode Island around Pawtucket.

As of December 17, 2021 about 910,576 Rhode Islanders (close to 86.18% of the state's population) have gotten at least a single dose. Another 76.63% of these people (809,672 Rhode Island overall) were given two shots though no booster (the third COVID-19 vaccine). Finally, 275,087 (right over 26.03% of the state's people) have gotten the booster shot "and" the first two vaccinations.

As of December 17, almost 21,000 (21,978) breakthrough infections of the COVID-19 have happened across Rhode Island (10.92% for all vaccinated Rhode Islanders). Of that, just over 120 vaccinated people in the state have died from the breakthrough infections, or 0.02%.

Suicide of Rehtaeh Parsons

On April 4, 2013, Rehtaeh Parsons (, ; December 9, 1995 – April 7, 2013), a 17-year-old student at "Cole Harbor District High School", attempted suicide by hanging herself at her home in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada, leading to a coma and decision to shut down medical support machinery on April 7, 2013 . Her death was attributed to online photo distribution of a gang rape that occurred 17 months before the suicide, in November 2011 . 

On the Facebook page raised in tribute to her daughter, her mother blamed the young men who had raped her. 

In November 2011, then aged 15, she was sexually abused at a friend's house during a party. She doesn't remember what happened that day, only remembers throwing up. 

The photos of the November 2011 sexual abuse that took place were made public in just three days. Since then, several colleagues started calling her a prostitute and began sending her text messages asking for sex. She told her family and police what happened several days later. 


Elio Roca

Elio Roca (born as Roberto Orlando Bracone Macceialli; August 3, 1943 – December 19, 2021) was an Argentine singer born in Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña, Chaco Province, Argentina.

Roca released his debut album, "Bella, bionda, Carina" in 1965. He was best known for the singles "Deseo ser tu amor", "Te necesito tanto amor", "Yo quiero dibujarte". Elio Roca also appeared in several Argentine films such as "Vamos a soñar por el amor" (1971), "Contigo y aquí" (1974), "Love in Flight" (1967), "Te necesito tanto, amor" (1976), and "La colimba no es la guerra" (1972).


Juntos por el Cambio

Juntos por el Cambio (sometimes abbreviated as JxC) (English: Together for Change) is an Argentine political coalition created to participate in the 2019 Argentine national elections. It is currently the largest opposition political space in Argentina.

The coalition competed in the 2019 presidential elections with the formula made up of the then president of the Nation, Mauricio Macri, who was seeking his re-election, and the Peronist senator, who had been head of the Kirchnerist bench in the Senate, Miguel Ángel Pichetto. Macri did not achieve re-election and the front was in second place, with 40.28% of the votes, behind the formula of the Frente de Todos, made up of Alberto Fernández and Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, which prevailed in the first round with 48.24% of the votes.

On 14 November 2021, the center-left coalition of Argentina's ruling Peronist party, Frente de Todos (Front for Everyone), lost its majority in Congress for the first time in almost 40 years in midterm legislative elections. The election victory of Juntos por el Cambio meant a tough final two years in office for President Alberto Fernández. Losing control of the Senate made it difficult for him to make key appointments, including to the judiciary. It also forced him to negotiate with the opposition every initiative he sends to the legislature.

Horacio Rodríguez Larreta

Horacio Antonio Rodríguez Larreta (born in Buenos Aires, October 29, 1965) is an Argentine politician and economist.

On December 10, 2015 he became Chief of Government of the City of Buenos Aires. He was reelected for a new term in 2019.

Rodríguez Larreta is a Roman Catholic.

He has stated his personal opposition to the legalization of abortion in Argentina.

He suffers from essential tremor (ET).

Darling Lili

Darling Lili is a 1970 World War I romantic musical movie directed by Blake Edwards and starring Rock Hudson, Julie Andrews, Jeremy Kemp, Gloria Paul, Lance Percival, Michal Witney, Bernard Kay, Doreen Keogh, Carl Duering. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1971 and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Nomads (1986 movie)

Nomads is a 1986 American horror movie directed by first time director John McTiernan and was based on the 1984 novel of the same name by Chelsea Quinn Yarbro. It stars Pierce Brosnan, Lesley-Anne Down, Anna-Maria Monticelli, Adam Ant, Nina Foch, Frances Bay, Frank Doubleday.


Razorback (movie)

Razorback is a 1984 Australian horror thriller movie directed by Russell Mulcahy and was based on the 1981 novel of the same name by Peter Brennan. It stars Gregory Harrison, Bill Kerr, Arkie Whiteley, Chris Haywood, David Argue, Judy Morris, John Ewart, Ben Roberts and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Park So-dam

Park So-dam (born September 8, 1991) is a South Korean actress. She appeared in the 2015 movie "The Priests" and the TV series' "Cinderella with Four Knights" (2016) and "Record of Youth" (2020). She is best known for her role in the 2019 Academy Award-winning movie "Parasite".

In December 2021, Park was diagnosed with thyroid cancer.

Drakeo the Ruler

Darrell Caldwell (December 1, 1993 – December 19, 2021), known professionally as Drakeo the Ruler, was an American rapper. He was known for his rap flow and "poetic" word choices. He was seen as one of the best rap artists from Los Angeles.

His fourth mixtape, "Cold Devil", has been streamed over 10 million times.

Caldwell was stabbed while trying to break up a fight at a Los Angeles concert on December 18, 2021. He was pronounced dead a few hours later on December 19 at the age of 28.

Boško Abramović

Boško Abramović (Бошко Абрамовић; 14 February 1951 – 19 December 2021) was a Serbian chess grandmaster. Abramović won the FIDE International Master title in 1980 and the grandmaster title in 1984. He was born in Zrenjanin, Yugoslavia.

Abramović died on 19 December 2021, at the age of 70.

Carlos Marín

Carlos Marín Menchero (13 October 1968 – 19 December 2021) was a Spanish baritone. He was a member of the classical crossover group Il Divo.

Marín died from problems caused by COVID-19 on 19 December 2021, in Manchester, England at the age of 53.

The Law of the North (1917 movie)

The Law of the North is a 1917 American silent adventure movie directed by Edward H. Griffith and Burton George. It stars Shirley Mason, Pat O'Malley, Richard Tucker, Charles Sutton, Sally Crute.

Typhoon Rai

Typhoon Rai, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Odette, was a tropical cyclone over the South China Sea which recently passed through the Philippines. It also traveled to Vietnam.

Rai caused severe and widespread damage throughout the Southern Philippines, killing at least 376. 

Five Nights at Freddy's: Security Breach

Five Nights at Freddy's: Security Breach is a 2021 survival horror video game created by Steel Wool Studios and published by ScottGames. It includes the animatronics Freddy Fazbear, Glamrock Chica, Roxanne Wolf, and Montgomery Gator. It is the eighth main game in the "Five Nights at Freddy's" series and the thirteenth game overall, taking place after the events of "". The game released on December 16, 2021, for Microsoft Windows through Steam (service), PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.

The game takes place in a mall, while other games took place in a pizzeria and only takes place during one night instead of five.

Security Breach: Ruin is an DLC released July 25, 2023.

Five Nights at Freddy's: Help Wanted

Five Nights at Freddy's: Help Wanted is a 2019 virtual reality survival horror video game created by Steel Wool Studios and published by ScottGames. The game is the seventh main game in the "Five Nights at Freddy's" series and the ninth game overall, and presents itself as "The Freddy Fazbear Virtual Experience".

The game was released on May 28, 2019 for HTC Vive and Oculus Rift headsets on Microsoft Windows, and PlayStation VR headsets on PlayStation 4.'

Lists all available downloadable content for the game.

The Curse of Dreadbear is a DLC content pack that adds new Halloween themed content. The DLC when first bought was separate into days where content was added until the entire DLC was finished. The game includes 10 new minigames, including remakes of the base game.

The first section: Are you Afraid of the Dark includes a reskin of the plushbaby minigame, a gallery shooter game, and a free-roam corn maze where you must find keys to escape a maze with new character Grimm Foxy.

Atacames

Atacames is a beach town located on Ecuador's Northern Pacific coast. It is in the province of Esmeraldas Province, about 30 kilometers southwest from the capital of that province, which is also called Esmeraldas. In 2005, Atacames's population was 11,251. Atacames has one of the lowest rates of poverty in the province of Esmeraldas (68% in 2005).

Rioverde, Ecuador

Rioverde is a coastal town in northwestern Ecuador. It is the seat of the Río Verde Canton.

Eccles, Nord

Eccles is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 82 people lived there.


Inupiat

The Inupiat are an ethnic group in Alaska and Canada, along the Bering Strait. There are about 33.000 Inupiat left. They are classified by the language they speak:


Both languages are part of the inupiat languages.

SK Austria Klagenfurt (2007)

SK Austria Klagenfurt is an Austrian football club from the Carinthian capital Klagenfurt. They play in the Austrian Bundesliga. 
The club was founded on January 9th, 2007 and began to play 2010. A lot of fans see the club as follower of the old Austria Klagenfurt (since 1999 FC Kärnten) who was folded in 2009.

In the 2020-21 season Klagenfurt was 3rd in Second League. The Champion Blau Weiß Linz did´nt want to play in the Bundesliga and the 2. FC Liefering (Farmteam of FC Red Bull Salzburg) is not allowed to promote. So Klagenfurt played two relegation matches versus SKN St. Pölten the 12th of the Bundesliga. They won 4:0 and 1:0 and were promoted to the Austrian Bundesliga.

In the 2021-22 season the reached the upper play off.


Spycker

Spycker (; , ; ) is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018 1,804 people lived there.


Hordain

Hordain () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,426 people lived there.


Captain Applejack

Captain Applejack is 1931 American comedy movie directed by Hobart Henley and is the second version of the 1921 play of the same name by Walter C. Hackett. It stars John Halliday, Mary Brian, Arthur Edmund Carewe, Alec B. Francis, Claud Allister, Louise Closser Hale and was distributed by Warner Bros..


The White Shadow (movie)

The White Shadow is a 1923 British drama movie directed by Graham Cutts and Alfred Hitchcock and was based on a play. It stars Betty Compson, Henry Victor, Clive Brook, Daisy Campbell, Olaf Hytten and was rediscovered in 2011 in New Zealand.


Paper Moon (movie)

Paper Moon is a 1973 American road comedy-drama movie directed by Peter Bogdanovich and was based on the 1971 novel "Addie Pray" by Joe David Brown. It stars Tatum O'Neal, Ryan O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, John Hillerman, Burton Gilliam, Randy Quaid and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It won an Academy Award and was nominated for 3 others in 1974.


Bart Bok

Bartholomeus Jan "Bart" Bok (April 28, 1906 – August 5, 1983) was a Dutch-American astronomer, teacher, and lecturer. He is best known for his work on the Milky Way galaxy, and for the discovery of Bok globules.

Betül Kaçar

Betül Kacar (born 1983) is a Turkish-American astrobiologist. She is an Assistant Professor at the University of Wisconsin. She directs a NASA Astrobiology Research Center. She is known for her works about the origins of life.

Kacar was born in Istanbul. She was the first woman in her family to receive formal education.

Elizabeth Roemer

Elizabeth "Pat" Roemer (September 4, 1929April 8, 2016) was an American astronomer and educator. Her works focused on comets and minor planets. 

She was well-known for the recovery of lost comets, as well as for her discovery of two asteroids, the co-discovery of Jupiter's moon Themisto, and for the asteroid 1657 Roemera that was named in her honor. She was born in Oakland, California.

Roemer died on April 8, 2016 in Tucson, Arizona at the age of 86.

Manipur Polo International 2019

Manipur Polo International 2019 or 13th Manipur International Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. India-B team (Manipur team) won the trophy after defeating England by 6-4 goals. England got the second place. England beat United States by 9-2 goals.


Manipur Polo International 2018

Manipur Polo International 2018 or 12th Manipur International Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. India-B team (Manipur team) won the trophy after defeating England by 7-4 goals. Uruguay defeated USA by 3-1 goals. USA defeated India-A team by 13-2 goals.


Crimes of the Heart (movie)

Crimes of the Heart is a 1986 American black comedy-drama movie directed by Bruce Beresford and was based on the 1979 play of the same name by Beth Henley. It stars Sissy Spacek, Diane Keaton, Jessica Lange, Tess Harper, Sam Shepard, Hurd Hatfield and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1987.


Manipur Polo International 2017

Manipur Polo International 2017 or 11th Manipur International Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. India-B team (Manipur team) won the trophy after defeating Argentina by 7-6 goals.


Icelandic Commonwealth

The Icelandic Commonwealth was a state in Iceland that existed from 930 till 1262. Before this, the island was uninhabited until 874, except probably Irish Hermit Monks. In 1262 the Commonwealth pledged allegiance to .

Leif Erikson came from the Icelandic Commonwealth

Manipur Polo International 2016

Manipur Polo International 2016 or 10th Manipur International Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. Australia won the trophy after defeating India-B team (Manipur team) by 7-6 goals. USA won the third place by beating England by 7-6 goals.


Manipur Polo International 2015

Manipur Polo International 2015 or 9th Manipur International Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. United States won the trophy after defeating India-B team (Manipur team) by 5-4 goals. It was the first American victory in the tournament.


Exerodonta smaragdina

The emerald tree frog ("Exerodonta smaragdina") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it below 2000 meters above sea level.

Manipur Polo International 2014

Manipur Polo International 2014 or 8th Manipur International Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. India-B team (Manipur team) won the trophy after defeating South Africa by 7-5 goals. USA won the third place after being defeated by South Africa by 6-7 goals. India-B team (Manipur team) defeated India-A team (Indian Polo Association team) by 7-6 goals.

In this year, Hada Samadon Ayangba is the theme song sung by Mangka Mayanglambam and presented by the Laihui Ensemble of Manipur.


Anna Mouglalis

Anna Mouglalis (; born 26 April 1978) is a French actress.

In 2000 she co-starred with Isabelle Huppert in Claude Chabrol's "Merci pour le chocolat". In 2002 she was chosen by Karl Lagerfeld for the ad campaign for the Amateur Allure de Chanel perfume.

Mouglalis was cast as Coco Chanel in the 2009 movie "Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky".

Marie Trintignant

Marie Trintignant (; 21 January 1962 – 1 August 2003) was a French actress. Her parents were actors Jean-Louis Trintignant and Nadine Marquand. Her best known roles were in "Comme elle respire", "Le Cousin", "Le cri de la soie", "Les Marmottes" and "Une affaire de femmes".

Trintignant was beaten badly on 26 July 2003 in Vilnius, Lithuania by her then-boyfriend Bertrand Cantat. Cantat punched Trintignant in the head multiple times. She died six days later in a clinic in Neuilly-sur-Seine, France from cerebral edema, aged 41. Cantat was convicted of murder and was in jail for only four years.

Manipur Polo International 2013

Manipur Polo International 2013 or 7th Manipur International Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. India-B team (Manipur team) won the trophy after defeating United States by 5-3 goals. This is the seventh consecutive title triumph of Manipur team (India-B team) in the tournament.

Before the final match began, 3 Manipuri players and 11 foreign players formed 2 teams, namely Thangjing Pana () and Marjing Pana () for an exhibition match of the traditional Manipuri Polo (Sagol Kangjei). All the players wore traditional Manipuri polo uniforms, including Pheijom, Reson Phurit and Kokyet.



Doge (meme)

Doge ( , , ) is an Internet meme that became popular in 2013. The meme usually is of a picture of a Shiba Inu dog with multicolored text in Comic Sans font in the foreground. The text, representing a kind of internal monologue, is written in a form of broken English.

The Doge meme uses simple phrases with words like "so," "such," "many," "much," and "very," used in funny ways. It often ends with words like "wow," "amaze," or "excite." Variations include "liquified Doge," where the dog's shape changes, and "ironic Doge," where Doge is in weird situations. Other characters, like Cheems and Walter, show up too. Walter is a Bull Terrier who likes trucks. These memes are popular on places like r/dogelore on Reddit. One famous meme is "Swole Doge vs. Cheems," comparing a strong Doge to a baby Cheems.

Kabosu, a Shiba Inu born around November 2, 2005, was the original dog in the meme. She was sent to an animal shelter when her puppy mill closed down. In 2008, a kindergarten teacher named Atsuko Sato adopted her and named her after a fruit because of her round face. Another dog in the meme is Suki, owned by a photographer named Jonathan Fleming. Suki wore a shrunken scarf in a photo taken in February 2010.

Kabosu's first picture appeared in a 2010 blog post by Sato. Later, variations of her pictures with Comic Sans text became popular on Tumblr. The misspelled word "Doge" was used intentionally in 2005 in a puppet series. The meme became more popular after being used on Reddit in 2010.

Other characters in the meme are based on real dogs. Cheems is based on a dog named Balltze from Hong Kong, who passed away in 2023. Walter is based on a bull terrier named Nelson. Kabosu was reported to be ill with leukemia in December 2022, but her health improved afterward.

The word "Doge" is pronounced in different ways, such as DOHJ or DOHG. In some countries, it's pronounced as "dodge." People unfamiliar with the meme might say "doggie" or other variations like DOG-ay or DOH-gay. 


Francis Ngannou

Francis Zavier Ngannou, born 5 September 1986, is a Cameroonian mixed martial artist. He was born and raised in the village of Batié, Cameroon. He is competing at the heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship and is the reigning Heavyweight champion. In January 2023, he does not renew his contract and therefore leaves the organization, thus leaving the belt vacant..


Sofiane Aïssaoui

Sofiane Aïssaoui (b. August 23 1991 in Revin, France) is a French mixed martial artist. He is nicknamed "The Lion", Aïssaoui fights in the welterweight division. He has been the WFC amateur MMA world champion and Grappling world champion. Aïssaoui won three French championship titles, two in Karate mix and one in Pancrase.


Ferrid Kheder

Ferrid Kheder, born August 3 1975 is a retired French judoka and mixed martial artist. A professional MMA competitor from 1995 until 2013. He won 3 European Championships medals 2000-2002 and the European junior title in 1995. 3 European Championships medals 2000-2002.

Orsolya Fecskés

Orsolya Fecskés (born 27 May 1982) is a Hungarian speed skater.

Fecskés participated in the 2001 World Junior Speed Skating Championships, 2001 World Junior Speed Skating Championships, 2006 European All-round Championships and 2006 World Sprint Speed Skating Championships. 

She was twice national champion: at the 2006 Hungarian All-round Championships and 2006 Hungarian Sprint Championships. She won 6 silver and 7 bronze medals at national championships.


Jérôme Le Banner

Jérôme Philippe Le Banner ,born December 26, 1972 in Le Havre is a French kickboxer, mixed martial artist and professional wrestler. He is also an actor. He married Mélissa Gallant, whom he met while making the movie "Fatal".


Sara Bak

Sara Bak-Briand (born 12 September 1983) is a Danish speed skater.

Sara Bak set a Danish record in the 500 meters (41.92) and 1000 meters (1:20.76). She competed at the 2011/12 World Cup.

Robert I, Latin Emperor

Robert I (1201 - January 1228) was Byzantine Emperor for 6 years, from 25 March 1221 until January 1228. He was an ineffective ruler.

Eva Lagrange

Eva Lagrange (born 17 April 1993) is a German-Swedish speed skater. She was Swedish champion in 2014 and 2015 with a huge lead at the Swedish all-round championship. In 2015, she also won the Swedish Sprint Championship. 

She competed at the 2015 European Speed Skating Championships. 

Jean-Baptiste Sanfourche

Jean-Baptiste Sanfourche (May 28, 1831 - 1860) was a French architect. 

Student of the Paris School of Fine Arts and Simon-Claude Constant-Dufeux. He moved to Spain to Vitoria-Gasteiz where he built the Vitoria-Gasteiz station. 

Jacques de Molay

Jacques de Molay (1243 - 11/18 March 1314) was the last Grandmaster of the Knights Templar, from 1292 until 1314 when he was executed.

Rat Movie: Mystery of the Mayan Treasure

Rat Movie: Mystery of the Mayan Treasure is a 2014 animated comedy short web film written, directed, and animated by YouTuber Jeremy Harrington also known by his username jerma985. The movie follows two adventurers, Dick Dastardly (Jeremy Harrington ) and Trench Coat Man (Boo), as they look for the titular mayan treasure.

Jerma985 (Jeremy Harrington (1937 - 2023)) supposedly had too much to smoke one night late July and while in a Discord call with his friends (Nick, Rafael, Isabel and Isabella [not to be confused with Isabel no.1]), he came up with a wonderful idea to make a short film and trying to sell it to random retailers. There, the idea of "Rat Movie: Mystery of the Mayan Treasure" was born.

Jerma985 (Jeremy Harrington) worked tirelessly to create the film as poorly and cheaply as possible, as he was just a broke college who wanted that "zaza" while being a student with finals coming up. (source: me) 

The movie was entirely animated with the 3D Movie Maker software, as that is all he could afford as a broke college student.

Dan Hardy

Dan Hardy, born May 17 1982 is an English former mixed martial artist who fought in the welterweight division. A black belt in taekwondo and a brown belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu, he is currently competing in the welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He trains at Team Rough House in England with Paul Daley and Ross Pearson among others.

In March 2010, he faced Georges St-Pierre in a title fight, which he lost by unanimous decision.


Zuydcoote

Zuydcoote (West Flemish and ) is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,616 people lived there.


Marly, Nord

Marly () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 12,074 people lived there.


Manipur Polo International 2012

Manipur Polo International 2012 or 6th Manipur International Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. India-B team (Manipur's team) won after defeating India-A team (the Indian Polo Association's team). The score of the last game was 15-5 goals. This was the sixth win in a row for the Manipur team in this tournament.



Giacomo Simoncini

Giacomo Simoncini (born 30 November 1994) is a Sammarinese sports executive and politician. He was one of the Captains Regent of San Marino with Francesco Mussoni from 2021 to 2022. He was the youngest state leader in the world, and also is the only head of state under 30 years of age as of 2021.

Francesco Mussoni

Francesco Mussoni (born 15 May 1971) is a Captain Regent of San Marino from 1 October 2009 to 1 April 2010 and a second time together with Giacomo Simoncini from 1 October 2021 to 1 April 2022.

Luigi Lonfernini

Luigi Lonfernini (born August 31, 1938) is a Surinamese politician. He was Captain Regent of San Marino in 1971 and 2001. He is also a lawyer and banker. He was a member of the Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party. He was the Secretary for Finance from 1972 to 1973.

Giuseppe Galante

Giuseppe Galante (2 September 1937 – 20 December 2021) was an Italian rower. Galante was born in Domaso, Italy. He won a silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics and at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Antoine Faivre

Antoine Faivre (5 June 1934 – 19 December 2021) was a French scholar. His works focused on Western esotericism. He was chair of the École Pratique des Hautes Études at the Sorbonne. He worked at the University of Haute-Normandie. Faivre was the editor of the journal "Aries".

Faivre died on 19 December 2021, at the age of 87.

Carie Graves

Carie Brand Graves (June 17, 1953 – December 19, 2021) was an American rower. She won a gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics and a bronze in 1976.

Graves died on December 19, 2021 at the age of 68. 

Kim Hartman

Kim Lesley Hartman (born 11 January 1952) is an English actress. She is best known for her role as Private Helga Geerhart in the BBC television sitcom "'Allo 'Allo!" between 1982 until 1992.

Tremor (disambiguation)

Tremor may refer to:

Exerodonta melanomma

The blackeye tree frog or black-eyed tree frog ("Exerodonta melanomma") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 900 and 2000 meters above sea level in cloud forests and pine-oak forests.

Eiko Yasui

Eiko Yasui (born 8 May 1971) is a Japanese volleyball player.

She was part of the Japan women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 1994 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, and 1994 Asian Games, winning a bronze medal..

On a club level, she played with Kanagawa.

Kumiko Sakamoto

Kumiko Sakamoto (born 13 December 1972) is a Japanese volleyball player. She was a member of the Japan women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 1990 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, and at the 1990 Asian Games, winning a bronze medal.

She played for Orange Attackers, and Denso Airybees.


Karuyo Matsukawa

Kazuyo Matsukawa (松川一代, born 7 January 1970) is a Japanese volleyball player. She was part of the Japan women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 1990 Asian Games winning a bronze medal, 1994 Asian Games, and 1994 Goodwill Games.

On club level she played with Orange Attackers.


Luiza Guisso Fiorese

Luiza Guisso Fiorese (born 13 July 1997) is a Brazilian paralympic sitting volleyball player. She is a member of the Brazil women's national sitting volleyball team.

She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, winning a bronze medal.

She grew up in Venda Nova do Imigrante. She is a journalist.


Get Back

"Get Back" is a 1969 song by The Beatles and is the final track of the 1970 album "Let It Be". It was written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney.

1968 AFC Asian Cup

The 1968 AFC Asian Cup was the 4th AFC Asian Cup, a football tournament that happens every four years. It is organised by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). The tournament was played in Iran from 10 to 19 May 1968.

The tournament was a round-robin. The hosts Iran won every game.

Besides Iran, the other four teams have never qualified in the Asian Cup again.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Homayoun Behzadi, Giora Spiegel and Moshe Romano scored the most goals. They each scored 4 goals. 32 goals were scored by 19 or 20 different players. There were no own goals.






History of Freemasonry

The history of Freemasonry takes in the origins, evolution and showing clear events of the brother-like organization experienced as Freemasonry. It covers three phases. firstly, the emergence of "joined in a cause lodges of operative" during the Middle ages, then the admission of Lay members as "accepted" or "speculative" stone-workers, and finally the evolution of only speculative lodges, and the emergence of Grand lodges to govern them. The first Grand Lodge was created in London in 1717. The difficulties facing writers of history are the lack of written material, even down to the 19th century, and the way knowledge was produced by stone-workers and non-masons from the earliest years.

Freemasonry's long history includes its early development from put in an orderly way bodies of operative stonemasons to the current-day system of speculative lodges joined in a cause around regional or national "Grand Lodges".

Loganair Flight 6780

Loganair Flight 6780 was a scheduled domestic flight from Aberdeen to Shetland, which was struck by lightning while approaching Sumburgh Airport. The plane plummeted but the pilots were able to regain control within seconds of impact against the North Sea. The flight was emergency diverted to Aberdeen.

The AAIB issued five safety recommendations to the EASA and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to prevent a loss of control due to the autopilot. The safety advisory recommends reviewing the autopilot design of aircraft certified by the rules of Part 25 and equivalent regulations, including the Saab 2000, and require modification if necessary to ensure that pilots do not pose potential danger when applying forces that conflict with the autopilot.

Shona Manson, one of the passengers on Flight 6780 said: "I'm not scared of flying, but it was very, very rough. If it were someone who is afraid of flying, it would be their worst nightmare." She also related that after landing, the captain came out of the cabin, looking a bit shaken, to speak to the passengers noting that the incident could have been much worse.
The accident is featured in the first episode of Season 21 of "Mayday," also known as "Air Crash Investigation." The episode is titled "North Sea Nightmare".

Exerodonta bivocata

The Chiapan Highlands tree frog ("Exerodonta bivocata") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1500 and 2100 meters above sea level. It lives on the Atlantic side (east side) of the mountains in Oaxaca, Tabasco, and Chiapas.

1968 AFC Asian Cup squads

Squads for the 1968 AFC Asian Cup played in Iran.

Head coach: Mahmoud Bayati

Head coach: Milovan Ćirić

Head coach: Sein Hlaing

Head coach: Tang Sum(鄧森)
Hong Kong national team and Republic of China national team shared same fodder of players during pre-1971. Most (if not all) the players playing in the Hong Kong football league. 
The ROC team practically the A-team, while Hong Kong practically the B-team, with lesser quality of players.

Head coach: Pau King Yin (鮑景賢)

Croix, Nord

Croix () is a commune in north France. In 2018, 21,087 people lived there.


George Brizan

George Ignatius Brizan, CMG, CBE (31 October 1942 – 18 February 2012) was a Grenadian politician who was the Prime Minister of Grenada for four months in 1995.

Brizan died at the General Hospital in St. George's, Grenada from problems caused by diabetes on 18 February 2012, aged 69.

Alan Lowenthal

Alan Stuart Lowenthal (; born March 8, 1941) is an American politician. He is the U.S. representative for California's 47th congressional district since 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Lowenthal was the California state assemblyman for the 54th district from 1998 to 2004 and California state senator from the 27th district from 2004 to 2012.

Lowenthal is a member of the Congressional Progressive Caucus.

Jiří Čadek

Jiří Čadek (7 December 1935 – 20 December 2021) was a Czech footballer. He played as a defender.

Čadek played his whole professional career for Dukla Prague. He appeared in 328 league matches. He was a member of the Czechoslovakia national team and played at the 1958 FIFA World Cup.

Čadek died on 20 December 2021, at the age of 86.


Sally Ann Howes

Sally Ann Howes (20 July 1930 – 19 December 2021) was an English actress and singer. She was best known for the role of Truly Scrumptious in the 1968 musical movie "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang". She was nominated for a Tony Award in 1963 for her role in "Brigadoon".

Howes died on 19 December 2021 in London, aged 91.

Waziers

Waziers is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018 7,427 people lived there.


2021 Madagascar shipwreck

On 20 December 2021, a cargo ship illegally carrying 130 passengers sank off the northeast coast of Madagascar. Of the 138 on board 86 are confirmed to have died, with around 24 remaining missing. The flooding is thought to have been caused by a hole in the ship's hull.

The "Francia", a wooden vessel was a cargo ship had illegally taken on 130 passengers for a journey from Antanambe (which is not registered as an official port) to Soanierana Ivongo.

Amita Kuttner

Amita Kuttner ( ; born December 4, 1990) is a Canadian astrophysicist and politician. They have been the interim leader of the Green Party of Canada since November 24, 2021. 

Kuttner first ran for office in the 2019 federal election for a House of Commons seat as a Green candidate. They later ran for Green Party leadership in 2020. They are the first transgender person and the first person of East Asian descent to lead a federal party in Canada.

Kuttner identifies as non-binary, transgender and pansexual, and uses they/them and he/him pronouns.

Exerodonta catracha

The Zacate Blanco tree frog ("Exerodonta catracha") is a frog that lives in Honduras. Scientists have seen it between 1800 and 2160 meters above sea level. Scientists think it might also live in El Salvador.

London Buses route 207

London Buses route 207 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. It runs between Hayes By-Pass (Ossie Garvin Roundabout) and White City bus station. The route is operated by Abellio London.

There is another route called the SL8. It operates the same route as the 207 and 427 but it does not stop at every stop. This route used to be called the 607. It was renamed to SL8 on 15 July 2023, as part of the Superloop plan.

Route 207 operates via these main locations:

Aegean Airlines

Aegean Airlines is a Greek flag carrier airline.


Delano grape strike

The Delano grape strike was a strike organised by the Agricultural Workers Organizing Committee against table grape growers in Delano, California due to the bad treatment of farm workers. The strike started September 7, 1965 and ended July 1970.

London Buses route 240

London Buses route 240 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. It runs between Golders Green and Edgware stations. The route is operated by Metroline.

Route 240 began in the 1930s between Golders Green and Edgware stations. It replaced the former London General Omnibus Company route 104. The only single-decker version of the LS (London Six) type bus ran on route 240.

The route was kept by Metroline with a new contract starting on 30 April 2005.

Route 240 operates via these main locations:

Cornice

In architecture, a cornice (from the Italian word "ledge") is any decoration mould that has a building or furniture.

Institut national des langues et civilisations orientales

Institut national des langues et civilisations orientales (INALCO), is a French university. It teaches the languages and cultures of the world. Its coverage covers the languages of Central Europe, Africa, Asia, North and South America and Oceania.

"Langues O" 'is the name given by generations of students to the Special School. It was later called the "Royal", then the "Imperial" then the "National" in the Eastern languages of Paris. It changed to the current name in 1971. The staff includes many teachers, researchers, linguists and diplomats.




1963 request for a state of exception in Brazil

On October 4, 1963, the President of Brazil, João Goulart sent to the National Congress a request for a state of exception. Goulart requested that the state of exception would be for 30 days. He claimed that it would be necessary because the economy in Brazil was in a crisis. The request was rejected by the right and the left of National Congress. The President removed the request on October 7.

Books

Articles and papers

Documents

Oldwick, New Jersey

Oldwick is a place in Hunterdon County in New Jersey. It is unincorporated territory. That means it is not officially a town.

The first European people to live in this place were English. In the early 1700s, they called their village Smithfield. People whose ancestors came from Germany moved there too. In the 1750s, they changed the name to "New Germantown." In 1918, the United States was at war with Germany, so the people in the town changed the name again.

Sebeos

Sebeos () was an Armenian historian and chronicler. He is well-known for the "History of Heraclius", which contains information about Roman–Persian Wars, the Muslim conquests as well as ancient Armenian legends such as Hayk.

Little is known about the author's life. In 645, Sebeos attended Dvin's fourth council, and was among their signatories. His name is found on the eighth number in the list of eighteen bishops. Sebeos' work on Armenian history is honored in the country. He was the primary source of the fall of the Byzantine and Sasanian Empire and the Muslim conquests. The first Armenian writer to mention Sebeos is the 8th century priest Lewond. Author James Howard Johnston describes Sebeos as a 'non-biased' historian an

d places him along with other popular Armenian historians. His writings are valuable as one of the few intact surviving sources that chronicle sixth century Armenia and its surrounding territories. Sebeos' history was published for the first time in 1851 in Istanbul.

Benedict Wong

Benedict Wong (born 3 July 1971) is a British actor. He is best known for his roles as Kublai Khan in Netflix's "Marco Polo" (2014–2016), Bruce Ng in "The Martian" (2015), and Wong in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Ernst Fivian

Ernst Fivian (12 August 1931 – 15 December 2021) was a Swiss gymnast. He competed in the 1952 and 1960 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal in 1952. 

Fivian died on 15 December 2021, at the age of 90.

Jack Hedley

Jack Snowdon Hawkins (28 October 1929 – 11 December 2021), better known as Jack Hedley, was a British actor. He was born in London, England. He was known for his role Lt. Colonel Preston in the television series "Colditz" (1972–74).

He appeared in many British movies during the 1960s, including "Lawrence of Arabia" (1962), "The Scarlet Blade" (1963), "Witchcraft" (1964), "Of Human Bondage" (1964), "The Secret of Blood Island" (1964) and "The Anniversary" (1968). He also appeared in "The Longest Day" (1962).

Hedley died on 11 December 2021, at the age of 92.

Devin Ratray

Devin D. Ratray (born January 11, 1977) is an American actor, producer and writer. He is known for his role as Buzz McCallister, the older brother of Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin), in "Home Alone", "", and "Home Sweet Home Alone". He also appeared in the movies "Nebraska", "R.I.P.D.", and "Blue Ruin". Ratray was born in New York City.

On December 21, 2021, Ratray was arrested for strangling his girlfriend while in a hotel room in Oklahoma.

Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2020

Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2020 or 5th Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. It is the first and the only women's polo tournament in India. Great Britain won the trophy after defeating USA by 5-2 goals.


Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2019

Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2019 or 4th Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. It is the first and the only women's polo tournament in India. Argentina won the trophy after defeating USA by 3-1 goals.


Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2018

Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2018 or 3rd Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. It is the first and the only women's polo tournament in India. Kenya won the trophy after defeating USA by 5-4 goals.

Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2017

Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2017 or 2nd Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. It is the first and the only women's polo tournament in India. United States won the trophy after defeating England by 9-3 goals.

Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2016

Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2016 or 1st Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament is a Polo Tournament that was held in Imphal, Manipur. It was organised in Mapal Kangjeibung (Imphal Polo Ground), the oldest polo ground in the world. It is the first and the only women's polo tournament in India.

The event is organized to commemorate the 60th Anniversary of the All Manipur Polo Association (AMPA). It was established in 1955 by Ningthou Bodhachandra, His Highness, the then King of Manipur.

Four women's team from Manipur are (1) Chingkheihunba Polo Club Women's Team, (2) Thoubal Polo Association Women's Team, (3) Eastern Students Club Women's Team, (4) Venture Fifteen Polo Club Women's Team. Team United States Polo Association (USPA) is the first international women's polo team to come to India.

Exerodonta chimalapa

The Chimalapa tree frog ("Exerodonta chimalapa") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 853 and 1542 meters above sea level. Scientists think it might also live in El Salvador.

Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament

Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament is an annual international women's polo tournament in Imphal, Manipur. It is organized in the Imphal Polo Ground (Mapal Kangjeibung) , the oldest pologround in the world. It is the first and the only international women's polo tournament ever organized in India.
Manipur Statehood Day Women's Polo Tournament 2016 is the first event. The first tournament event marked the 60th Anniversary of the All Manipur Polo Association (AMPA). The polo association was established in 1955 by Ningthou Bodhachandra, His Highness, the then King of Manipur.

Intimidation

Intimidation is intentional behavior by a person that has another (or multiple others) in fear of injury or harm. To prove the behaviors made others undergo terrorism or panic would not be necessary.

Threatening (or more specifically: threatening actions/behavior) is the crime of when one, when knowing or with any intent, puts someone else in danger of bodily, emotional, intellectual/cognitive, sexual or financial harm or negatives. Threats also include property damage, intent/planning to terrorize others and hating/condemning people of particular genders, races and ethnicity classes.

Intimidating another person is a crime in several states in the U.S..

Intimidation related to hate, prejudice or discrimination often includes the following: "which annoys, threatens, intimidates, alarms, or puts a person in fear of their safety...because of a belief or perception regarding such person's race, color, national origin, ancestry, gender, religion, religious practice, age, disability or sexual orientation, regardless of whether the belief or perception is correct."

Raya and the Last Dragon

Raya and the Last Dragon is a 2021 computer-animated action fantasy movie made by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It was released on March 5, 2021 in theaters and on Disney+ with a $29.99 premium fee. 

Ko Zieleman

Ko Zieleman (1933–2021) was a Dutch bicycle racer and bicycle builder. He assembled custom bike frames.

He was born on 10 January 1933 in Amsterdam. In 1959, he raced from Gent to Wevelgem .

He had a bike shop in Ansterdam.

His grandson is Dylan Groenewegen.

Log4Shell

Log4shell (CVE-2021-44228), is a zero-day vulnerability in Log4j, a logging tool in Java. People have figured out that you can abuse this vulnerability to execute remote code. On 24 November 2021, Chen Zhaojun of Alibaba's Cloud's security team told Apache about this. It has been publicly disclosed since December 9, 2021. Apache has given this vulnerability a 10, the highest rating.

Tori Spence

Tori Spence (born 19 June 1992) is a Canadian speed skater.

She competed at the 2011 Canada Winter Games winning a gold medal, and 2011–12 ISU Speed Skating World Cup.


Barbara Nowakowska

Barbara Nowakowska (born Barbara Galas 1935 - 14 April 2021) was a Polish underground activist during the Stalinist period. She is an honorary citizen of the city of Katowice. In 2008 she received the Officer's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta .

In 1953, she opposed the change of the name of Katowice to Stalinogród. With Natalia Piekarska and Zofia Klimonda, students of the Maria Skłodowska-Curie High School in Chorzów, they prepared leaflets "Down with Stalinogród", "Commune is a plague", "Miners do not let sweat out of you". They borrowed a typewriter, and scattered them in means of transport and public places. After being detained and a trial in which the girls were beaten and intimidated, they were convicted on 8 June 1953. Barbara Galas was sentenced to four years in prison. The Supreme Court reduced the sentence to three years After serving half of her sentence, she was released on parole in October 1954.

In 2004, she was named an Honorary citizen of Katowice.

Bodfish, California

Bodfish is a census-designated place in Kern County, California. It had a population of 2,008 in 2020.

The Reporter (Ethiopia)

The Reporter or The Ethiopian Reporter is an Ethiopian newspaper. It began on July 8, 1991. Media Communication Center makes it.

"The Reporter" was created by Media Communication Center. Amare Aregawi owns the Media Communication Center. In 2010, Amare Aregawi became the Editor-in-chief of the "Reporter". The "Reporter" is one of the most popular Ethiopian newspapers.

Addis Standard

Addis Standard is an Ethiopian news media magazine publication published in Ethiopia by Jakenn Publishing Plc and established in February 2011 by its current editor in chief Tsedale Lemma who only became the editor in chief in January 2021. The magazine is not owned or affiliated with any political party or the government and is registered to The Ministry of Trade and Industry of Ethiopia under license 1552/2003 .

Addis Standard not only publishes news in Ethiopia its country but to South Africa, Burundi and Ghana. In 2016 the Ethiopia Government forced Addis Standard to stop publishing in print, but it used its online website to still spread the news it would have on the print magazine. It later continued printing in 2018 when a new Prime Minister was elected, and the old regime had lost. In 2020 due to war in the northern part of the country one of its reporters Medihane Ekubamichael was detained for reporting in Tigray but was later freed. Addis Standard was also suspended during the early stages of the Tigray war by the Ethiopian Media Authority the Media authority in the country.

Christian Ilzer

Christian Ilzer (born 21 October 1977) is a former Austrian football player and now manager of Sturm Graz.
He started his career with USK Raiffeisen Puch. Soon his career was stopped by three cruciate ligament injuries. He started managing the U17 squad of Puch and in addition to his job as an electronics technician a second education as a coach. 2006 and 2007 he was player-manager of USK Raiffeisen Puch.

2007 he became assistant coach of TSV Hartberg under Bruno Friesenbichler. In September 2011 he became fitness manager of the Austrian U19 national team and 2012–13 season also was the manager of SC Weiz. After another season as asssistance coach with Hartberg he went on to SC Wiener Neustadt in the same position. After coach Heimo Pfeifenberger was fired he became caretaker of the club for one match. After the season he left Wiener Neustadt and became coach of TSV Hartberg. After the season he left and became assistance coach of Wolfsberger AC under Heimo Pfeifenberger. In the 2019-20 season he was coach of FK Austria Wien but at the end he was fired and became coach of SK Sturm Graz.

Matthias Jaissle

Matthias Jaissle (born 5 April 1988) is a German football manager and former player who played as a defender. In 2021 he became the manager of FC Liefering and then manager of Red Bull Salzburg.

He played for 1899 Hoffenheim when they were promoted to 2. Bundesliga and to Bundesliga the following season.

On 3 April 2017 he became assistant of manager Alexander Zorniger of Brøndby IF starting from the summer 2017. He left Brøndby IF and became manager for FC Red Bull Salzburg's U18 academy team.

In January 2021 he became new head coach of FC Liefering after Bo Svensson left the club. After the leaving of headcoach Jesse Marsch he became new head coach of FC Red Bull Salzburg for the new season.

With the team he played in the UEFA Champions League where he is the youngest manager. For the first time FC Red Bull Salzburg plays in the knockout stage of the competition. He is the first manager of FC Red Bull Salzburg who is in office for three seasons.


Aleksandrów Kujawski

Aleksandrów Kujawski () is a small town in north-central Poland. In 2021, 12,058 people lived there.

Baryogenesis

In physical cosmology, baryogenesis is a process that is thought to have happened during the beginning of the universe. It would create an imbalance in amount of matter and antimatter in the universe, called baryonic asymmetry. It is still a problem in modern physics.

Christmas and holiday season

At Christmas time is a term, which refers to the festive atmosphere that prevails in large parts of the western world between the end of November and the beginning of January. In Christianity, the first Advent is seen as the starting shot for the Christmas preparations although modern Christmas shopping starts at Black Friday.

Within the Roman Catholic Church, the term was originally seen as synonymous with the Christmas Twelfth. 

The period in the northern hemisphere is known as a winter holiday, with songs such as "Advent being dark and cold" and "White Christmas", while in the southern hemisphere it falls during the summer. It rarely snows in the southern hemisphere during the Christmas holidays, except in the alpine areas of Australia, Chile, Argentina, the Highlands of New Guinea and the Southern Alps of South Island.

Chris Dickerson (bodybuilder)

Henri Christophe "Chris" Dickerson (August 25, 1939 – December 23, 2021) was an American professional bodybuilder. He was born in Montgomery, Alabama. He won Mr. Olympia in 1982. He retired in 1994. 

Dickerson died on December 23, 2021 at the age of 82.


Mr. Olympia

Mr. Olympia is the title awarded to the winner of the professional men's bodybuilding contest at Joe Weider's Olympia Fitness & Performance Weekend. It is an international bodybuilding competition that is held annually by the International Federation of BodyBuilding & Fitness (IFBB). Joe Weider created the contest to allow Mr. Universe winners to continue competing and to earn money. The first Mr. Olympia was held on September 18, 1965.

Takasa

Takasa was a Swiss musical group. They represented Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden. The group were made up of six Salvation Army soldiers.

December 2021 Malaysian floods

The December 2021 Malaysia floods were a series of floods in several states in Malaysia. They began on 14 December 2021. It started when a tropical depression made landfall on the eastern coast of Peninsular Malaysia. It caused heavy rains throughout the peninsula for three days. The floods have left at least 39 dead, 10 missing and more than 68,000 residents homeless.

Bobby Fish

Robert "Bobby" Fish (born 27 October 1976, Albany, New York) is an American professional wrestler. He currently works for AEW. Fist has also worked for the WWE on its NXT brand.

While working at WWE, Fish was a part of The Undisputed Era with Adam Cole and Kyle O'Reilly. Fish and O'Reilly were tag team champions several time.

Exerodonta xera

The Puebla tree frog ("Exerodonta xera") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1371 and 1500 meters above sea level. It lives where the mountains are very dry.

The Rookie (TV Series)

The Rookie is an American police procedural crime drama television series made by Alexi Hawley for ABC and available on Hulu. The show is about John Nolan the oldest rookie, a man who from what seems to be a walking mid-life crisis, and two other rookies as they rank up in their careers. The show returned for Season 5 on September 25, 2022. The series returned in 2024 following the SAG and AFTRA Strikes.

John Nolan, a man in his forties joins the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) after suffering after a traumatic bank robbery. He and two other rookies, Lucy Chen and Jackson West participate in procedure crime with the help of their TOs (training officers), Angela Lopez, Talia Bishop, and Tim Bradford. As the show furthers some of the TOs improve in the ranks and some quit. John Nolan's TO, Talia Bishop did not return for Season 2 and was since replaced with Nyla Harper for the remainder of John's rookie period. Jackson West also gets a new TO for the remainder of his rookie period after Angela Lopez gets promoted to detective, Doug Stanton, a racist bad cop who wants everyone to respect the police force and sometimes abuses his power to spread his message. In the Season 3 finale, Angela Lopez and Jackson West are kidnapped during Angela's wedding. In the Season 4 premiere, Jackson West was shot and killed after attempting to save Angela. The show afterward continues with Nyla Harper getting a new rookie, Aaron Thorsen who was involved in a murder case but was found not guilty.



Ajloun

Ajloun is a city located in the northwest of Jordan. It is a city surrounded by high mountains known as Ajloun mountain range. It was known to the ancients by the name (Gilead), which means hardness or roughness. Ajloun links Levant inner areas with the Mediterranean coast, overlooking Al-Aqsa Mosque. Salah al-Din al-Ayyubi ordered Usama ibn Munqidh, one of his army commanders, to build a fortress ( later knows as Ajloun Castle) on the top of Jabal Awf in the year (580 AH - 1184 AD).


Leonhard Seppala

Leonhard "Sepp" Seppala is most famous for his part in the 1925 serum run to Nome. He owned famous dogs dogs called Togo and Balto. He was a dog breeder. He bred dogs for sled racing. He was a dog trainer. He was also a musher. He was important in making the Siberian Husky breed popular.

Al-Salt

Salt (Arabic: السلط‎ As-Salt) is a city located in the center of Jordan, and it is the center of Al-Balqa Governorate. It is about 29.8 km northwest of the capital, Amman. The city is 880 meters above sea level. Its population at the end of 2019 was about 117,060.

The city is located on the old main road leading from Amman to Jerusalem, on the slopes of the Balqa Mountains. It was named Saltos based on the Greek leader who opened it at the time of Alexander the Great. Saltos built a temple for the god Zeus in the area of Zeus that was attributed to him. Old Salt was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List on 27 July 2021.

1925 serum run to Nome

The 1925 serum run to Nome was when dog sled teams transported medicine to the sick children of Nome. It is also called the Great Race of Mercy and The Serum Run. Leonhard Seppala and his dog Togo travelled the longest and most dangerous part of the journey. But a musher named Gunnar Kaasen and Balto became the most famous because they did the last part.

An epidemic of diphtheria started in Nome, Alaska. It threatened the lives of many, mostly children. The medicine to treat the disease was called diphtheria antitoxin. Doctor Curtis Welch only had a supply of expired medicine. He had ordered more medicine in Juneau, but it did not arrive before the Bering Sea froze. Shortly after the last ship had left Nome before winter, a native American girl from the nearby village, Holy Cross, showed signes of diphteria. The doctor ruled out diphteria, and instrad said the child has tonsillitis. The child died about a day later. During the next weeks, three more children died. On January 20,1925, a three year old boy wa diagnosed with diphteria. Dr. welch didn't give the boy antitoxin, because the dose had expired, and he eared that it would weaken the boy too much. The boy died a day later. The next day, January, 21st, a seven year old girl was diagnosed. The doctor injected her 6.000 of the 8.000 units of antidote he had, even though they were past the expiration date. It did not help, the girl died the same day. 

The weather conditions made it very hard to deliver any new medicine. It was decided that dog sled teams were need to bring it to Nome.

Twenty mushers, and about 150 sled dogs travelled a distance of in fve and a half days. With this, they could save the town of Nome, and the areas around it from a dipheria epidemic. On January 21st, the town was placed under quarantine. 

There was a new popular medium, radio. It shoed both the mushers and their dogs as heroes. Newspapers also reported on the run. Balto, the lead sled dog on the final stretch into Nome became the most famous dog, of the era, after Rin Tin Tin. Statues of him in both New York City's Central Park and downtown Anchorage, Alaska are popular tourist attractions. But it was Togo's team which covered much of the most dangerous parts of the route. It also ran the farthest: Togo's team covered while Balto's team ran . The publicity also helped an inoculation campaign in the U.S. This dramatically reduced the threat of the disease,diphteria.

Conditions were very harsh: Often, temperatures were below . At first, the idea was to fly the serum to Nome, but there were no aircraft or pilots, that could fly in this bad weather. The aircraft available could only fly about half the distance, and there was no way to refill them. 

Jerash

Jerash is a Jordanian city. It is the capital and the largest city of Jerash Governorate. It is inhabited by about 50,745 people out of 237,000 people living in the governorate. Jerash is located in the northwestern part of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, rising about 600 m above sea level. It is about 48 km away from the Jordanian capital, Amman. In the middle of the city is the Gold River, over which Roman bridges were built to connect the east and west sides of the city. 

Jerash is one of the most well-preserved sites of Roman architecture in the world outside of Italy. To this day, the streets, baths, theatres, plazas and arches are all still in exceptional condition. Within the surviving city walls, archaeologists have found ruins of settlements dating back to the Neolithic period, attesting to human settlement at this site for more than 7,500 years.

Togo (dog)

Togo was a sled dog owned by Leonhard Seppala. He was Seppala’s lead dog in the 1925 serum run to Nome. His team ran the longest and most dangerous part. Togo’s half brother Fritz was also part of the team.

Balto, another dog who took part, became the most famous because he was part of the final team. Many believe that Togo should have received the attention that the press gave to Balto.

Gunnar Kaasen

Gunnar Kaasen was a musher who took part in the 1925 serum run to Nome. He lead the last team, the one who brought the medicine to Nome. His lead dog was Balto.

Lizard (character)

The Lizard is a Marvel Comics supervillain created by Stan Lee. He is an enemy of Spider-Man. His real name is Dr. Curtis Connors, and is a scientist who was using lizard DNA to try and regrow lost limbs. He tested it on himself and turned into a lizard monster.


Sight hound

Sighthounds are a type of dog. They were originally made for hunting. They hunt by sight and speed. Other hounds hunt using smell, they are called scent hounds.

Scent hounds

Scent Hounds are a type of dog. They were originally made for hunting. They hunt by using their sense of smell. Other hounds hunt using sight and speed, they are called sighthounds.

Al-Karak

Al Karak is a city in Jordan, located within the Karak district in the Karak governorate, south of the capital, Amman, about 120 km away. It has a population of about 32,000. Its high mountains overlook the Dead Sea and the Southern Jordan Valley.

Russeifa

Al-Rusaifa is a Jordanian city located in the Zarqa Governorate, and it is the center of the Rusaifa District. It is located on the road between Amman and the city of Zarqa. It is famous for the presence of phosphate mines in it. 

Its population is about 500 thousand people and its area is estimated at 38 km². Its population density is about 7,350 people / km², which is considered high on Arab and international levels. Al-Rasifa is one of the brigades of Zarqa Governorate. It is the fourth largest city in Jordan in terms of population.

Heinrich Albert (guitarist)

Heinrich Albert (German: Heinrich Albert) was a German classical guitarist, composer and bassist, born on July 16, 1870, in Würzburg, Germany, and died on March 12, 1950 in Gauting, Germany.

Ballwin, Missouri

Ballwin is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Bella Villa, Missouri

Bella Villa is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Bellefontaine Neighbors, Missouri

Bellefontaine Neighbors is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Berkeley, Missouri

Berkeley is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Beverly Hills, Missouri

Beverly Hills is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Black Jack, Missouri

Black Jack is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Breckenridge Hills, Missouri

Breckenridge Hills is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Brentwood, Missouri

Brentwood is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Bridgeton, Missouri

Bridgeton is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Charlack, Missouri

Charlack is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Clarkson Valley, Missouri

Clarkson Valley is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Cool Valley, Missouri

Cool Valley is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Country Club Hills, Missouri

Country Club Hills is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States.

Gansu Wind Farm

Gansu Wind Farm is a group of big wind farms. They are being built in the western part of Gansu province, China. It is planned for it to have 20,000 megawatts (million watts) of power, but right now it only makes 8,000 megawatts.

Charles I of Austria

Charles I of Austria or Karl I of Austria (, ) (17 August 1887 : Persenbeug Castle, Persenbeug-Gottsdorf, Austria-Hungary-1 April 1922 : Funchal, Madeira, Portugal) was the last emperor of Austria and Bohemia from 1918 to 1922. He is also called Blessed Charles. He was also king of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. When Ferdinand of Austria was assassinated, Charles became the Crown Prince of Austria.

Franz Joseph I of Austria died in 1916, and then Charles became king. The monarchy was abolished in 1918. He spent his final years trying to restore the monarchy but was exiled to Madeira when Admiral Miklos Horthy ended the Monarchy . He died of respiratory failure on Saturday, April 1 1922 at age 34, He was canonized in 1949 as ‘’Servant of God’’ along with his wife Zita 

The Dawn Patrol (1930 movie)

The Dawn Patrol is a 1930 American World War I action movie directed by Howard Hawks and was based on the novel "The Flight Commander" by John Mark Saunders. It stars Richard Barthelmess, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., Neil Hamilton, Frank McHugh, Clyde Cook, Gardner James and won an Academy Award in 1931. It was remade in 1938.


Gift economy

A gift economy or gift culture is an economic model, where goods are not sold, but they are given away, without an explicit agreement for immediate or future rewards. There are social norms and customs about the exact way the gift is given. In a gift culture, gifts are not given in an explicit exchange of goods or services for money, or some other commodity or service. In contrast, in a barter economy or a market economy goods and services are exhanged for a received value, usually money. 

Anthropologists discussed the nature of gift economies. Research began with Bronisław Malinowski's description of the Kula ring in the Trobriand Islands during World War I. The Kula trade appeared to be gift-like because Trobrianders would travel great distances over dangerous seas to give what were considered valuable objects without any guarantee of a return. Malinkowski had a discussion with French anthropologist Marcel Mauss: This showed that gift economy was more complex that they first thought. They also introduced a number of technical terms to describe the different forms of exchange. Some of these terms are reciprocity, inalienable possessions, and presentation.

Anthropologists Maurice Bloch and Jonathan Parry think that the unsettled relationship between market and non-market exchange will attract most attention. Some authors argue that gift economies build community, while markets harm community relationships.

Some things that make gift exhange different from other forms of exhange. Usually, the idea of property, and property rights are different. Sometimes gifting forms a distinct "sphere of exchange" that is an "economic system". Giving a gift always establishes a social relationship. The nature of giving a gift in a market economy,is very different from "prestations" typical of non-market societies. Gift economies also differ from related phenomena, such as common property regimes and the exchange of non-commodified labour.

Potlatch is a celebration of native Americans of the Pacific Northwest. During the celebration, there is a ritual exchange of gifts. The value of the gifts demonstrates the wealth, power and influience of the person giving the gifts. Marcel Mauss saw this an example of a ruinous competition: The gifts often caused the ruin of the person giving them, or his tribe. That way, Potlatch was outlwawed in Canada, in late 19th century. There was a push to re-introduce the tradition in the 1950s.

The concept of a gift economy has played a large role in works of fiction about alternative societies, especially in works of science fiction. Examples include:

Peter Pacult

Peter Pacult (born 28 October 1959) is an Austrian former professional footballer and current football manager. He is manager of Austria Klagenfurt in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Pacult started his career at Floridsdorfer AC before turning professional with Wiener Sportklub. His next team was the Austrian top club Rapid Wien. With the team he played in the UEFA Cup Winners Cup Final in 1985 against Everton. He moved on to Swarowski Tirol and won two league titles with FC Tirol Innsbruck. With Tirol he was top goal scorer in the 1990–91 European Cup alongside Jean-Pierre Papin. In 1993 he went to TSV 1860 Munich. His last club was the other big Vienna club FK Austria Wien in 1996.
He made his debut for Austria in October 1982 against Northern Ireland. He was not part of the squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup. He played 24 matches and scored one goal. In November he played his last match against Sweden.
Pacult was head coach of 1860 Munich II from April 2001 to June 2001, after one year with FC Kärnten and Dynamo Dresden he became coach of Rapid Wien from 2006 till 2011. In this time fell the last title Rapid reached (2008). In 2011 he went on to RB Leipzig for one year. After short time with Dynamo Dresden and Floridsdorfer AC he spent the next years with clubs from former Yugoslavia. In 2020 he became coach of SK Austria Klagenfurt and was promoted with his team to Austrian Bundesliga.
Rapid Wien 
Swarovski Tirol 
Rapid Wien

Post

Post or POST can refer to the following:
Computing:
Language:

Sebastian and the Sparrow

Sebastian and the Sparrow is a 1988 Australian adventure drama movie directed by Scott Hicks and starring Alexander Bainbridge, Heather Kelly-Lewis, Jeremy Angerson, Robert Coleby, Elizabeth Alexander.


Kurt Russ

Kurt Russ (born 23 November 1964) is an Austrian football player. Now he is coach of TSV Hartberg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Russ started with FC Langenwang and later moved on to Kapfenberger SV. He also played for First Vienna FC, FC Swarovski Tirol and LASK Linz. He finished his career at SC Schwanenstadt.
He played 28 matches in the Austrian national football team as defender. His debut was in the 1–0 victory over Denmark on 27 April 1988. His last international match was a European qualification match also against Denmark.

He started with SC Schwanenstadt. From summer 2007 until March 2008 he was head coach of Vorwärts Steyr. He was then head coach of the second team of Kapfenberger SV and headcoach of the team from 2013 until 2016 and from 2018 until 2020. In 2021 he became headcoach of the Austrian Bundesliga team TSV Hartberg.

2021 Bangladesh ferry fire

On December 24, 2021, " MV Avijan-10", a passenger ferry, caught fire on a river near the town of Jhalokati, Bangladesh. The fire killed 39 people and injured 72 others.

The boat had a capacity of 310 people, but was carrying more than 500 passengers, many of whom were returning home for the weekend. The fire started in the engine room and quickly spread to other parts of the ferry. Some blame the poor treatment of the boat as a reason why the fire spread so quickly.

José Villegas

José Gerardo "Jamaicón" Villegas Tavares (20 June 1934 – 24 December 2021) was a Mexican footballer. He played as a defender. He played for the Mexico national team six times in 1962. His career began in 1953 and he retired in 1971. Villegas was born in Zapopan, Mexico. He played for C.D. Guadalajara during his entire career.

Villegas died in Guadalajara, Mexico on 24 December 2021, aged 87.

Ma'an

Ma'an is a Jordanian city located in the southern part of the country on the western outskirts of the desert plateau extending from the Arabian Peninsula to the Levant desert.

It has a population of about 50 thousand and the area of the city is twenty square kilometers. Ma'an has a desert climate, where the temperature rises in summer to 35°C and drops to 15°C in winter. As for the winter rains, they are irregular, with a maximum of 60 mm. The city is affected in summer by southeast desert winds and winter by westerly winds which causes rain. 

Madaba

Madaba is a city in the center of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, and it is the center of Madaba Governorate. It is located 33 kilometers southwest of the capital, Amman, and rises about 770 meters above sea level. Its population in 2015 reached about 105,353 people. Madaba is the ninth largest city in the Kingdom.

The city was founded by the Moabites in the thirteenth century BC, as it was part of their kingdom extending east of the Jordan River. Successively, many civilizations ruled the region

Madaba played a prominent role after it was occupied by the Byzantines because it included a number of its important historical churches. Until now, the city is considered one of the most important places for the followers of the Christian faith, due to the presence of these religious monuments. Located in its vicinity are many archaeological sites and holy places represented by Christian pilgrimage sites such as Al-Maghtas, Mount Nebo, Mukawar and Umm al-Rasas, which makes it a destination for tourists. 

The importance of Madaba in the early centuries of Christianity was similar to the importance of the city of Jerusalem as the most important center of Christian life in Transjordan, where it was mentioned in the Bible.

It was destroyed as a result of the violent earthquake that struck the region in 749, and other earthquakes that followed. But the Christian Arab tribes from the Karak region revived and settled them starting in 1880 AD, where it is inhabited today by Christians and Muslims alike.

Madaba is very famous for its mosaics art, and for its special heritage within its alleys; ancient Byzantine churches, mosques and unique architecture. It also contains the only institute in the world to teach the mosaics art. It is sometimes referred to as the "city of mosaics". The map of Madaba is one of the most important mosaic monuments in the city.

The city's first municipal council was established in 1912, and today it is under the name of Greater Madaba Municipality. Within its borders five districts are located, constituting the borders of the city of Madaba, which extends over 54 square kilometers. Madaba was announced Arab Tourism Capital for 2022, after achieving all the criteria and terms of reference.


Mafraq

Mafraq is a city in Jordan. It is the Capital of Mafraq Governorate. It is located 80 km north of the Jordanian capital, Amman, at the crossroads of Syria from north and Iraq from east. It has an air and military base. The Amman-Damascus railway runs through the city. There is only one university in the city, Al Al-Bayt University. The university was established in 1992 and is in the eastern suburbs of Mafraq.


Tafilah

Tafileh is a city in the south of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. It is the capital of Tafila Governorate. In 2015, about 27,500 people lived there.

The city was part of the Edom kingdom. It was called Tophel at that time . Tafila was occupied by the Nabataean kingdom. After the Roman conquest, it was ruled by the Ghassanids, under the authority of Rome.

There is one university in Tafila, Tafila Technical University. The city rises above sea level. 

White hat (computer security)

A white hat is a type of hacker who hacks computer systems to find security problems and help improve a system.

1961 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1961 Atlantic hurricane season was a highly active hurricane season. It caused $392.34million worth of damage and at least 437 deaths.

Great Meadow National Nature Park

Great Meadow National Nature Park covers historic steppe terrain in southeast Ukraine. It is on the south bank of the Dnieper River which was created by the Dnieper Hydroelectric Station.

Nabataean Kingdom

The Nabataeans (169 BC - 106 AD) (), also named Nabatea (), was an ancient Arab kingdom in the deserts of Jordan, Sinai, the Negev and parts of the northern Arabian Peninsula. Their capital was the city of Petra in Jordan.

It was a strategic stop on the Incense Road; it is located at the crossroads of the caravan routes coming from Yemen, linking it to the Levant, Egypt and the Mediterranean Sea.

The Nabataeans relied on the caravan trade, enriched and established an important kingdom, and wrote in Aramaic, which they took from the Edomites. Aramaic was the language of trade in western Asia since the beginning of the first millennium BC, and it also became the language of the Achaemenid Persian court. The Nabataeans used to speak Arabic among themselves.

They had little interest in the scattered series of oases that were within their kingdom, they practiced limited agriculture, and their frontiers with the desert were not effectively secured; they lost their independence during the reign of the Roman Emperor Trajan.

The Nabataeans were able to take advantage of the location of their country for the passage of the arteries of trade between the Levant and Yemen, and they also mediated the transfer of trade between Egypt, the Levant and other places of the Arabian Peninsula. They imposed taxes on trades and merchants.

The port of Gaza was a favorite, due to its proximity to Petra. In addition, they built irrigation canals, took care of agriculture, exploited their land and the natural resources in it, learned and mastered the exploitation of copper and iron mines, minted money, and accumulated great fortunes as a result of their economic prosperity.

Sahab, Jordan

Sahab is a Jordanian industrial city. It is part of the Capital Governorate. It is considered one of the industrial cities in which medicines and foodstuffs are produced. Its area is (12 km²), meaning that it occupies (0.04%) of the total area of the Greater Amman Municipality, and its population is (71,060), according to the statistics of 2011. It joined the Greater Amman Municipality on December 12, 2006. 

It is considered an important economic center with an industrial and commercial nature. It contains the two largest industrial clusters in the Kingdom (King Abdullah II Industrial City and the Industrial Clusters City). 

The city holds Cave of the Seven Sleepers, as well as the Islamic Sahab Cemetery. It also holds Sahab Sports City and several youth sports centers and clubs. It has archaeological sites that date back to the city of Slade in the thirteenth century BC. 

It is strategically located and links the capital Amman to the south of the Kingdom in addition to Saudi Arabia and Iraq to the east. The city retains the clan characteristics, customs and traditions. 

Ar-Ramtha

Ar-Ramtha (), is a city located north of Jordan, in the Irbid Governorate near the border with Syriaj. The city’s population reached 164,211 in 2017. 

As for the population of Ramtha municipality, it is estimated at about 263,680 thousand people. Thus, it is the sixth largest municipality in Jordan after Greater Amman Municipality, Greater Irbid Municipality, Zarqa Municipality, Rusaifa Municipality and Mafraq Municipality. 

Al-Jizah, Jordan

Al-Jiza area is one of the areas of the Greater Amman Municipality. It is located in the southern part of the Jordanian capital, Amman. It consists of several neighborhoods or residential communities (27 villages). It was added to the city's comprehensive plan in 2007 after the Greater Amman Municipality's decision to include vast lands east and south of Queen Alia International Airport to the south of the capital's scheme. It is worth noting that it was previously referred to as the "town of Giza" - that is, before it was annexed to the borders of the capital. 

It has an area of (558 km2) and a population of 60 thousand people. 

Baqa'a refugee camp

The Baqa'a refugee camp () is the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Jordan, and it is one of the six “emergency” camps that were established in 1968 with the aim of accommodating Palestinian refugees and displaced persons who left the West Bank and Gaza Strip as a result of the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.

The camp is located on the northwestern border of the Jordanian capital, Amman, 20 kilometers north of Amman on the “Amman-Irbid” road, near the Sweileh area. It is affiliated with the Ain Al-Basha in the Balqa Governorate. 

In the period between June 1967 and February 1968, refugees and displaced persons were accommodated in temporary camps in the Jordan Valley area, but they were transferred when military operations escalated in the area.

When al-Baqa'a camp was established, it was a large camp, with 5,000 tents designated to accommodate 26,000 refugees over an area of 1.4 square kilometres. Between 1969 and 1971, UNRWA replaced the tents with a total of 8,000 pre-built houses in order to protect people from the harsh winter conditions in Jordan. Since then, most of the residents have built stronger and more durable concrete housing.

The land of the camp is owned by the Al-Wareikat (Al-Adwan) clan, and the Jordanian government leased it to UNRWA. In 1950, UNRWA set up tents for the displaced in the areas called "Palestinian camps" on government land and private land leased or acquired by the Jordanian government from its owners. The camp is surrounded by agricultural lands irrigated by groundwater. In the eighties, the Baqa’a basin was classified as the second largest area in agricultural production after the Jordan Valley, where there were approximately 5,000 greenhouses, but now, after legalizing the use of groundwater, it has become the fifth area in agricultural production.

Thought-Forms (book)

Thought-Forms: A Record of Clairvoyant Investigation is a book by the members of Theosophical Society A. Besant and C. W. Leadbeater. It was published in 1905. The book contains illustrations of thoughts, feelings, emotions. 


Hani Mulki

Hani Fawzi Mulki (also known as Hani Mulki; ; ""; born 15 October 1951) is a former Jordanian prime minister, born in Amman, the son of former Prime Minister Fawzi al-Mulki, the first prime minister under King Hussein. He assumed the presidency of the Jordanian government in two successive terms, the first from 1 June to 25 September 2016 and the second from 28 September 2016 to 14 June 2018, which are the 99th and 100th governments since the declaration of the independence of the Emirate of Transjordan. He submitted his resignation to the Jordanian king after a wave of strikes and demonstrations in the street because of his financial policies and his attempt to impose a new income tax law despite the street's rejection. 

He was a former minister for several ministerial portfolios. He held the positions of Minister of Water and Irrigation, Minister of Supply, Minister of Energy, Minister of Industry and Trade, and Minister of Foreign Affairs in 2004. On November 7, 2019, a royal decree was issued appointing him as a member of the Senate, and he remains in the position. 

He holds a Bachelor's degree in Production Engineering from Cairo University in 1974. Then a Master's degree in Management Engineering from the United States of America in 1977. And a Ph.D. in Systems and Industry Engineering from the United States in 1979.

Al-Mulqi was the head of the Jordanian Council in the Peace Negotiations between Jordan and the State of Israel 1994-1996. He was Jordan's ambassador to Cairo on two terms, the first (March 1, 2002 - October 24, 2004) and the second (June 1, 2008 - February 11, 2011). Then he became an advisor to King Abdullah II from April 7, 2005 until October 1, 2007.

2021–22 Tottenham Hotspur F.C. season

The 2021–22 season is Tottenham Hotspur's 30th season in the Premier League and 44th season in the top league of the English football league system. After finishing in seventh place in the 2020–21 Premier League, Tottenham qualified for the play-off round of the Europa Conference League. At the end of June, Tottenham announced that Nuno Espírito Santo would be the new head coach for two years. On 1 November 2021, Tottenham announced that they had removed Nuno Santo and his coaching staff (Ian Cathro, Rui Barbosa and Antonio Dias) saying that they had "been relieved of their duties." The next day, Antonio Conte was chosen as Santo's replacement.

Summer: £47,400,000

Winter: £0

Total: £47,400,000

Summer: £16,000,000

Winter: £0

Total: £16,000,000

Summer: £31,400,000

Winter: £0

Total: £31,400,000
Tottenham scheduled an away match against Leyton Orient for the JE3 Foundation Trophy in memory of Justin Edinburgh. Tottenham then scheduled two friendlies, one away to Colchester United, and one away to Milton Keynes Dons. Tottenham announced the club would come together with both Arsenal and Chelsea to support mental health in The Mind Series in August 2021. They would play away to Chelsea and home to Arsenal.

The league fixtures were announced on 16 June 2021.

Tottenham were drawn home to Morecambe in the third round.

Tottenham entered the competition in the third round. They were drawn away to Wolverhampton Wanderers in the third round and Burnley in the fourth round. They were drawn home to West Ham United in the quarter-finals. They were drawn to Chelsea in the semi-finals, with the first leg away and the second leg home.

Tottenham were drawn against Paços de Ferreira in the play-off round, with the first leg away and the second leg home.

The draw for the group stage was held on 27 August 2021 with the fixtures being released a day later.

"The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal."

"Updated 22 December 2021"
"The list is sorted by shirt number when total clean sheets are equal."

Nuno Espírito Santo

Nuno Herlander Simões Espírito Santo (born 25 January 1974), or simply Nuno, is a Portuguese football manager and former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He was most recently head coach of Tottenham Hotspur. 

Deportivo

Porto

Individual

Wolverhampton Wanderers

Individual


Robert Ibertsberger

Robert Ibertsberger (born 20 January 1977) is an Austrian football manager and a former player. He is the brother of Andreas Ibertsberger. He had to retire in 2004 due to a serious knee injury.

As player he played for SV Austria Salzburg, A.C. Venezia, SK Sturm Graz, FC Tirol Innsbruck and SC Untersiebenbrunn. He also played eight matches for the Austrian national football team.
From 2006 till 2010 Ibertsberger coached the U15 and U16 team at the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. Then he worked till 2017 in the youth department of SV Ried. Robert Ibertsberger became assistant manager of Wolfsberger AC in 2017. 2018 he became manager of Wolfsberg and was manager until the end of the 2017–18 season. Then he left Wolfsberg and became assistant manager of FK Austria Wien. On 11 March 2019 Ibertsberger replaced Thomas Letsch. 2020 he became manager of SKN St. Pölten. After 13 months he was fired. In December 2021 he was named as new coach of SV Ried. After only eleven matches he was dismissed and replaced by Christian Heinle.


He is a trained plumber. After the end of his football career he became physiotherapist. He is married and father of two sons. His son Lukas is playing for FC Liefering in the Austrian Second League.

Lacassine, Louisiana

Lacassine is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Davis Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Roanoke, Louisiana

Roanoke is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Davis Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Hathaway, Louisiana

Hathaway is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Davis Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Haidar Murad

Haidar Issa Murad Murad (November 10, 1940 - September 12, 2018), a Jordanian economist built several major commercial institutions and launched many economic projects that formed an essential part of the Jordanian economy. 

He served as a member of the Senate, from the nineteenth to the twenty-second session 2001-2009. He also held the position of Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Federation of Jordanian Chambers of Commerce in 1994, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Chamber in the Amman Chamber of Commerce in 1994. Before that, he held the position of Chairman of the Arbitration Committee in the Chamber in 1986, and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Haider Murad & Sons Investment Group in 1970. 

He was a member of the Board of Directors of Cairo Amman Bank 1995, a member of the Board of Directors of the Supreme Investment Council 1995, a member of the Board of Directors of the Investment Promotion Corporation 1995, member of the Supreme Council of Endowments 1985, member of the Council of the National Aid Fund 1990, member of the Board of Directors of the Arab British Chamber of Commerce 1994, member of the Board of Directors of the Arab American Chamber of Commerce in 1994, a member of the Board of Directors of the Federation of Arab Chambers of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture in 1994. He is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Haider Murad Group, Leaders Center and Al Wathiq Telecom Group.

Brownsville, Louisiana

Brownsville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Calhoun, Louisiana

Calhoun is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Claiborne, Louisiana

Claiborne is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lakeshore, Louisiana

Lakeshore is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Swartz, Louisiana

Swartz is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Old Jefferson, Louisiana

Old Jefferson is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Shenandoah, Louisiana

Shenandoah is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Village St. George, Louisiana

Village St. George is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Westminster, Louisiana

Westminster is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Jordanian Uranium Mining Company

Jordan Uranium Mining Company, established in 2013, is a private joint stock company wholly owned by the Government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, represented through the Jordan Atomic Energy Commission. 

The company looks for, mines, and uses nuclear materials such as Uranium, Thorium, Zirconium, Vanadium and any other radioactive metals or associated elements in natural ores in Jordan. 

The company is managed by a board of directors with a president, a vice president and members who are elected by the company’s general assembly. The board of directors elects a general manager of the company to run the company. 

The company's activity is limited to developing the uranium project in the central region of Jordan and designing the required industrial process for uranium extraction (yellow cake) and the geological ones related to the exploration, evaluation, and classification of estimates of the national stock of uranium ores.

Family values

When people talk about family values, they often mean a "traditional family": 


This became the most common form of a family, in the United States in the 1960s and 1970s.

Another comomn form is called extended family: Several generations of people who are related, live together: For example, the grandparents live in the same household, and help with raising the children. 

People who talk about family values usually see it as bad that people get divorced, or that there are single-parent families.

Jordan Atomic Energy Commission

The Jordan Atomic Energy Commission (, JAEC) is the official body in Jordan responsible for peaceful nuclear development related to peaceful nuclear energy. The Jordan Atomic Energy Commission was established in early 2008, in implementation of the National Nuclear Energy Strategy. 

V366 Andromedae

V366 Andromedae is one of the largest stars in the universe located in the constellation Andromeda. It is About 1,100 times larger than the sun.

Cassville, Missouri

Cassville is the county seat of Barry County, Missouri, United States.

Marble Hill, Missouri

Marble Hill is the county seat of Bollinger County, Missouri, United States.

Bishop Hills, Texas

Bishop Hills is a small town in Potter County, Texas, United States.

Air Crash Investigation

Air Crash Investigation (or just Mayday in some countries), is a Canadian documentary television program examining air crashes, near-crashes, hijackings, bombings, and other disasters.

Throughout the episodes, the victims or relatives and friends of the victims are interviewed adding more information about the cases with their relatives. Additionally, retired aviation experts, pilots and researchers are interviewed about the tests and explain how these emergencies occurred and how they could have been prevented.

Note: "Episodes are ordered by their production number, not by their original air date."

Note: This is the first season produced in high definition, according to Cineflix.
Season 6 of "Mayday" is the first "Science of Disaster" season, consisting of three episodes.

Season 8 of "Mayday" is the second "Science of Disaster" season, consisting of two episodes.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Highland Acres, Delaware

Highland Acres is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Kent Acres, Delaware

Kent Acres is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Rising Sun-Lebanon, Delaware

Rising Sun-Lebanon is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Riverview, Delaware

Riverview is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Rodney Village, Delaware

Rodney Village is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Woodside East, Delaware

Woodside East is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Kent County, Delaware, United States.

Bear, Delaware

Bear is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Brookside, Delaware

Brookside is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Claymont, Delaware

Claymont is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Glasgow, Delaware

Glasgow is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Hockessin, Delaware

Hockessin is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

North Star, Delaware

North Star is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Pike Creek, Delaware

Pike Creek is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Pike Creek Valley, Delaware

Pike Creek Valley is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Port Penn, Delaware

Port Penn is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Saint Georges, Delaware

Saint Georges is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Wilmington Manor, Delaware

Wilmington Manor is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Lincoln, Delaware

Lincoln is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Long Neck, Delaware

Long Neck is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.

Harwinton, Connecticut

Harwinton is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Morris, Connecticut

Morris is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Norfolk, Connecticut

Norfolk is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States.

North Canaan, Connecticut

North Canaan is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Plymouth, Connecticut

Plymouth is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 11,671 people lived there.

Sharon, Connecticut

Sharon is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Thomaston, Connecticut

Thomaston is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Washington, Connecticut

Washington is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Winchester, Connecticut

Winchester is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 10,224 people lived there.

Woodbury, Connecticut

Woodbury is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States.

Cromwell, Connecticut

Cromwell is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States.

Deep River, Connecticut

Deep River is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States.

Durham, Connecticut

Durham is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States.

East Haddam, Connecticut

East Haddam is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States.

East Hampton, Connecticut

East Hampton is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States.

Essex, Connecticut

Essex is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States.

Killingworth, Connecticut

Killingworth is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States.

Portland, Connecticut

Portland is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States.

Westbrook, Connecticut

Westbrook is a town in Middlesex County, Connecticut, United States.

College Holiday

College Holiday is a 1936 American musical comedy movie directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Jack Benny, George Burns, Gracie Allen, Mary Boland, Marsha Hunt, Leif Erickson, Martha Raye. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Dino Crisis (series)

Shadow Hearts

The series was also included in "Chaos Wars", released in 2006 in Japan and 2008 in North America.

Midway Games

Midway Games known also as Midway Manufacturing, Baily Midway or simply Midway was an American video games company. The company was created in 1989 . They are best known for creating several franchises. These include "Mortal Kombat", "Rampage", "Spy Hunter", "NBA Jam", "Cruis'n", and "NFL Blitz". The company was based in Chicago, Illinois,

Midway Games was bankruptcy on June 9, 2010.

Seven dirty words

American comedian George Carlin (1937 – 2008) first made a list of seven obscene English language words during a 1972 monologue ("The Seven Words You Can't Say on Television"). The seven words were "motherfucker", "tits", "shit", "piss", "fuck", "cunt" and "cocksucker".

In the 1970s, these words were called inappropriate, obscene, and indecent on the United States' public airwaves. The terms were almost never used in scripted material. The broadcast standards in many parts of the world are different. Across the United States, a lot of the words on Carlin's original list are still not allowed in broadcast television or radio.

In a concert in 1966, the comedian Lenny Bruce said he was arrested when he said nine words in his sketch: "ass", "balls", "cocksucker", "cunt", "fuck", "motherfucker", "piss", "shit" and "tits".

Right after performing the routines at Summerfest in Milwaukee in 1972, Carlin was charged with disturbance of the peace and was arrested. The following year, on his album "Occupation: Toole", Carlin had a similar routine called "Filthy Words". The New York City radio station WBAI broadcast uncensored versions of the routine on October 30, 1973.


Josh Allen

Josh or Joshua Allen may refer to:


Thomas Silberberger

Thomas Silberberger (born 3 June 1973) is a former Austrian footballer. He played as midfielder. Now he is football manager of WSG Tirol.
He started his career in the youth of SV Wörgl. 1992 he went on to FC Wacker Innsbruck. After playing for SC Kundl und GAK he came back to SV Wörgl. He played till 2004 for Wörgl. Only 2000/01 he played for SV Austria Salzburg. After Wörgl got no licence he played till the end of his career 2010 for FC Kufstein.

From spring 2007 on he was assistance coach of FC Kufstein. The next season he became head coach. From 2013/14 on he is manager of WSG Wattens (now WSG Tirol). 2015/16 they were promoted to 2. Liga, 2018/19 they won the league and were promoted to Bundesliga.

Indole

Indole (a blending of the terms "indigo" and "oleum") is an organic compound. The chemical can be found in many places in nature. It can be produced by bacteria. At room temperature, indole is a solid.

Indole is found in some vegetables. They include broccoli, cauliflower and cabbage. It is also in human feces. It has a strong fecal odor. In low concentration indole has a flowery smell. Indole is in perfumes.




Dekalog

Dekalog (also known as Dekalog: The Ten Commandments and The Decalogue) is a 1988 Polish drama series of movies. They were directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski. The series includes ten one-hour movies. The movies were inspired by the Ten Commandments.

The series is thought to be one of the greatest dramatic work ever done for television by many. The entire series was shown at the 46th Venice International Film Festival.

Mexican Coke

In the United States and Canada, Mexican Coke, or Mexican Coca-Cola refers to Coca Cola imported from Mexico. It is called "Coca Cola de Vidrio" ("Glass Coca Cola", "Coca Cola in a glass bottle") or simply Mexicoke. It has a different taste, because cane sugar is used to make it. In the United States, high-fructose corn syrup is used. 
A simliar situation exists in New Zealand: The local variant uses cane sugar, and the version imported form the US uses high-fructose corn syrup.

Freedom (1982 movie)

Freedom is a 1982 Australian adventure drama movie directed by Scott Hicks and starring Jon Blake, Jad Capelja, Candy Raymond, Bud Tingwell, Max Cullen, Chris Haywood.


Giacomo Capuzzi

Giacomo Capuzzi (August 14, 1929 – December 26, 2021) was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate. He was a bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lodi from 1989 until 2005. Capuzzi was born in Manerbio, Italy. He became a priest in 1952.

Capuzzi died on December 26, 2021 in Leno, Italy at the age of 92.


Manerbio

Manerbio (Brescian: ) is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, northern Italy.

Leno, Lombardy

Leno (Brescian: ) is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.

Elektrostal

Elektrostal () is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia. It is east of Moscow. As of 2010, 155,196 people lived there.

École du Louvre

École du Louvre it is a public institution of French higher education located in the Louvre Palace in Paris and teaches art history studies.

Founded in 1882 in one of the parts of the Louvre Museum, from an institution originally devised to study archeology, it became an institution covering the entire art history. It is organisationally and administratively dependent on the French Ministry of Culture and has been a public body since 1997.



Music Meister

Music Meister is a DC Comics supervillain. He first appeared in an episode of "". He was voiced by Neil Patrick Harris. The character later appeared in the comic book sequel to the series.

His super powers include singing to control and hypnotize anyone he wants. 

The first live-action version of the character appeared in a crossover between the live-action television series "Supergirl" and "The Flash". He was played by Darren Criss.

Saxo Bank

Saxo Bank is an international electronic investment bank. It is considered one of the top 25 foreign exchange banks in the world. It is a bank that specializes in trading and investing online in the global capital markets. 

Saxo Bank was founded by Kim Fournais and Lars Christensen, the two executive directors of the bank, in Copenhagen in 1992.The bank currently employs more than 1,300 employees of 62 different nationalities, serving clients in more than 180 countries. 

Smyrna, Delaware

Smyrna is a town in Kent and New Castle counties in the U.S. state of Delaware.

Clayton, Delaware

Clayton is a town in Kent and New Castle counties in the U.S. state of Delaware.

Arden, Delaware

Arden is a village in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Ardencroft, Delaware

Ardencroft is a village in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Ardentown, Delaware

Ardentown is a village in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.

Plombières-lès-Dijon

Plombières-lès-Dijon is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Arab Bank

The Arab Bank was founded by Abdel Hamid Shoman in Jerusalem, Palestine in 1930. It started with seven shareholders with a value of 15,000 Palestinian pounds, and after more than 70 years, the bank became a global institution, with assets amounting to 27.31 billion dollars in 2005. Net profits amounted to $618 million for the first nine months of 2016. 

Its branches are spread over five continents around the world. The net profit reached $618 million in the first nine months of 2016



Electronic trading platform

Electronic trading platform is a part of a computer program that allows people to place orders for financial products using the Internet. These products include stocks, bonds, currencies, commodities and derivatives. The first widespread electronic trading platform was the American NASDAQ stock exchange. The availability of such trading platforms to the public encouraged increased investment in retail business.

RobOps

“RobOps’ is an amalgamation of Robotics and Operations. It addresses the complexity involved in scaling operations, as operating large fleets of robots requires a unique set of processes, tools, and principles. Effective RobOps aim to make it easier to build applications that automate robot operations and inter-robot interactions.

Amazon Web Services announced AWS IoT RoboRunner to build and deploy applications for robotic fleets. Their stated objective is to “make it easier for enterprises to build and deploy applications that help fleets of robots work seamlessly together.” 

InOrbit is another company offering a cloud-based robot management platform.

ROG (pronounced “rogue”), is a community group composed of experts, enthusiasts, companies, and organizations from across industry aimed at developing and sharing best practices for the operation at scale of autonomous robots. Virtual meetings are hosted monthly. The first physical RobOps conference is in the works to be held in Silicon Valley in October, 2022. 

High Speed 2

High Speed 2 (HS2) is a planned high-speed railway line in the United Kingdom. It will go between London and Wigan. The railway will be the country's second high-speed line, the first being HS1, which linked London to the Channel Tunnel. London, Birmingham, Manchester, Crewe, Warrington, Wigan, Manchester Airport and Birmingham will be served by HS2 or Northern Powerhouse Rail (NPR) track.

Exerodonta perkinsi

Perkins' tree frog ("Exerodonta perkinsi") is a frog that lives in Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 1050 and 1080 meters above sea level. It lives in subtropical forests.

Andreas Wieland

Andreas Wieland (born 16 August 1983) is a former Austrian footballer. He played as forward. Now he is football manager of K Beerschot VA.
Wieland played in different clubs in Austrias lower leagues. His highest engagement was with SC Siebenbrunn in the Second League.
Between 2010 and 2015 he managed teams of the SKN St. Pölten Academy. Until 2017 he was assistant coach of the Austrian U17 and U18 national teams. Between 2019 and 2021 he coached FC Juniors OÖ - the farmteam of LASK. In the 2019–20 season he was assistant coach for LASK, as well as in 2021 under Dominik Thalhammer.

Wieland became manager of Beerschot in 2022.

Jordanian dinar

The Jordanian dinar (; code: JOD; unofficially JD) is the official currency in Jordan. It is issued by the Central Bank of Jordan.

The Jordanian dinar consists of 1,000 fils, or 100 piasters. The dinar is released in 50, 20, 10, 5 and 1 banknote. Coin shapes are 0.5, 0.25 dinars and 100, 50, 25, 10 and 5 fils. The price of the dinar is generally fixed against the dollar, with a value of 1.41 US dollars. 

During the era of the Emirate of Transjordan, the currency in circulation was the Palestinian pound, and it remained so until the early years of the era of Jordan. 


Kuwaiti dinar

Kuwaiti dinar (, code: KWD) is the official currency of the State of Kuwait. It is issued by the Central Bank of Kuwait. The first Kuwaiti dinar was issued by the Kuwaiti Monetary Council on April 11, 1961. 

The first twenty dinars banknote was issued on February 9, 1986. The Central Bank of Kuwait issued six releases, the last of which was in 2014. The Kuwaiti dinar is divided into 1000 fils. The Kuwaiti dinar has the highest exchange rate in the world. As of 2023, the Kuwaiti dinar remains the world's most valuable currency, with an exchange rate of 1 KWD = 3.25 USD.

Kuwaiti dinar was a replacement for the Gulf rupee, which was equal to the Indian rupee. In the starting days, It was equal to £1 sterling. The Gulf rupee was introduced by the Indian Government to be used in British protectorates in the Arabian peninsula. It was in use from 1959 to 1966. In that time, Gulf countries started making their currencies, and finally the Trading in the Indian currency ended on May 17, 1961.

During Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in 1990, the Iraqi dinar took over as Kuwait's official currency, and many Kuwaiti banknotes were stolen by Iraqi forces. After Kuwait was liberated, its original currency, the Kuwaiti dinar, returned, and new banknotes were issued by the Central Bank of Kuwait. After the liberation of Kuwait, The old stolen notes were demonitized.

Prince Hassan bin Talal

Prince Hassan bin Talal (, born 20 March 1947), is a Jordanian prince and former crown prince. He is son of King Talal, brother of King Hussein bin Talal and uncle of King Abdullah II. He was Crown Prince of Jordan for more than 30 years (from 1965 to January 25, 1999).

Hassan was born in Amman in 1947. He is the youngest son of King Talal and his wife Zain Al Sharaf, who had six children. Hassan went to primary school in Amman. Later, he got a BA with honors in Oriental Studies, and then a master's degree.

His older brother, King Hussein, became king of Jordan after the death of his father. Hussein chose Hassan as Crown Prince in April 1965. He continued to be a political advisor as he was the closest politician to the king. He was deputy king during the absence of the late king, and continued the king's duties until we was dismissed on January 25, 1999.

In 1968, Prince Hassan married Tharwat. They have four children: Princess Rahma, Princess Sumaya, Princess Badiya, and Prince Rashid.

He plays sports such as taekwondo, polo, mountain climbing, diving and swimming.

Vulture (Marvel Comics)

The Vulture is the name of several fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by Stan Lee. They are enemies of Spider-Man. The most famous incarnation of the character is Adrian Toomes, an inventor that made a costume that allowed him to fly, letting him commit crimes. He is one of the founding members of the supervillain group, the Sinister Six. Other characters who have assumed the role of the Vulture are Isidoro Scarlotti, an Italian scientist and an enemy of the original Human Torch and Toro. Blackie Drago is a former cellmate of Toomes, and Clifton Shallot and Jimmy Natale, human/bird hybrids of independent origins. Toomes is later revealed to be the grandfather of the superhero Starling.

Since his conception, the character has been adapted from into various other forms of Spider-Man media, including television series and video games. American actor Michael Keaton played Adrian Toomes in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie (2017).

