Interstate 290 (Illinois)

Interstate 290 (I-290) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway that runs westwards from the Chicago Loop. 

The portion of I-290 from I-294 to its east end is officially called the Dwight D. Eisenhower Expressway. In short form, it is known as "the Ike" or the Eisenhower. Before being designated the Eisenhower Expressway, the highway was called the Congress Expressway because of the surface street that was located approximately in its path and onto which I-290 runs at its eastern terminus in the Chicago Loop.

Elk Grove Village, Illinois

Elk Grove Village is a village in northeastern Illinois near the O'Hare International Airport and is a near northwest suburb, touching the city of Chicago.

It is one of the Chicago metropolitan area's main villages because of the large industrial park on the eastern border of the village.

The village is mostly in Cook County with a small part in DuPage County. 32,812 people lived there at the 2020 census.

A small herd of elk live at the eastern edge of the Busse Woods forest preserve in the village. The elk are maintained by the Chicago Zoological Society veterinary staff and the Busse Woods Forest Preserve wildlife biologists.

Beverly, Chicago

Beverly is one of the 77 community areas of Chicago, Illinois. It is located on the South Side on the southwestern edge of the city.

Sparsely settled in the middle of the 19th century. Its position on the ridge allowed the community to become an exclusive streetcar suburb, and the homes and large lots reflect this historic distinction. Beverly is located on the highest elevation in Chicago.

The neighborhood's roots are largely English and Protestant but is now home to a large Irish-American/Catholic community and many Irish establishments.

In the 2016 presidential election, Beverly cast 6,384 votes for Hillary Clinton and cast 1,850 votes Donald Trump.

Washington Heights, Chicago

Washington Heights is one of the 77 official community areas of Chicago, Illinois. It is located on the far south side of the city. It has a population of 27,453.

The CTA red line stop at 95th St. is also available along the Dan Ryan Expressway in nearby Roseland.

Washington Heights is a stronghold of the Democratic Party. In the 2016 presidential election, Washington Heights cast 13,709 votes for Hillary Clinton and cast 229 votes for Donald Trump.

Mount Greenwood, Chicago

Mount Greenwood, located on the southwest side, is one of the seventy-seven community areas of Chicago. Mount Greenwood is about southwest of the Loop.

It is surrounded by the neighborhoods of Beverly and Morgan Park to the east, the suburb of Evergreen Park to the north, the suburb of Oak Lawn to the west, and the suburbs of Merrionette Park and Alsip to the south. 

Mount Greenwood is known as the home of many Chicago firefighters, Chicago police officers and union workers.

Merrionette Park, Illinois

Merrionette Park is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,969 as of the 2020 census.

Merrionette Park is located at (41.684, -87.701).

Chicago Fire Department

The Chicago Fire Department (CFD) is responsible for providing Fire Suppression Services along with Specialized Technical Rescue Response Services,Specialized Hazardous Materials Response Services and Emergency Medical Response Services within the City of Chicago,Illinois,United States. The Chicago Fire Department is the third largest municipal fire department in the United States after the New York City Fire Department and Cal Fire. It is also one of the oldest major organized fire departments in the nation. It has a wide variety of General Purpose and Specialty Apparatus,Tools and Equipment to provide these services. The international Association Of Firefighters (IAFF) Local is Local 2.

The Chicago Fire Department receives over 500,000 emergency calls annually, most of which are medical calls.

Bungalow

A bungalow is a type of building, originally developed in the Bengal region in South Asia, but now found throughout the world. The meaning of the word "bungalow" varies internationally. Common features of many bungalows include verandas and being low-rise. 

In Australia, the California bungalow associated with the United States was popular after the First World War.

In North America and the United Kingdom, a bungalow today is a house, normally detached, that may contain a small loft, many seen in Chicago and in Houston. It is either single-story or has a second story built into a sloping roof, usually with dormer windows (one-and-a-half stories).There is no security guard in the bungalow.

Morgan Park, Chicago

Morgan Park, located on the far south side of the city of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is one of the city's 77 official community areas.

54.8% of the residents were black and 37.2% of the residents were white. As of that year it was, within Chicago, the black-majority area with the highest percentage of whites.


Avalon Park, Chicago

Avalon Park is an area on the south side of the U.S. city of Chicago, Illinois. It is one of the city's 77 official community areas and a park. Boundaries are 76th St. to the north, South Chicago Ave. to the east and 87th St. to the south.

Avalon Park had a major demographic change in the 1960s. In the 1960 census, Avalon Park was 0% African American (only six of 12,710 residents). A decade later, Avalon Park was 83% African American, according to the 1970 census. 

A sewer system was created in 1910. It helped to drain the area and make further development easier.

2018 Northern Cyprus parliamentary election

The 2018 Northern Cyprus parliamentary election was held on 7 January 2018. It was held to elect the 50 members of the Assembly of the Republic.

The election was a victory for the National Unity Party and other right-wing parties.


The United Cyprus Party (BKP) was in an alliance with the TKP-YG. As such, BKP members ran for Parliament under the TKP-YG name. The New Cyprus Party refused to join the alliance.

Dina Titus

Alice Costandina Titus, commonly known as Dina Titus (born May 23, 1950) is an American politician. She was born in Thomasville, Georgia. She is a member of the United States Democratic Party.

Titus was a United States Representative from Nevada's 3rd congressional district from 2009 to 2011. In 2011, Titus was defeated by Republican Joe Heck.

Titus became a U.S. Representative from Nevada's 1st congressional district in 2013.

Titus received a 100% rating from the Planned Parenthood 2014 Congressional Scorecard for opposing a nationwide abortion ban after 20 weeks.

Planned Parenthood

The Planned Parenthood Federation of America, or just Planned Parenthood, is an American non-profit organization. It provides reproductive health care in the United States and around the world. Margaret Sanger founded the American Birth Control League in 1921. It changed its name to Planned Parenthood in 1942. The president of the organization was Cecile Richards until 2018.

Planned Parenthood has 159 medical and non-medical affiliates. They operate more than 650 health clinics in the United States. It partners with organizations in twelve other countries.

Planned Parenthood provides birth control, abortions, LGBT services, pregnancy testing, and treatment/testing for sexually transmitted diseases.

Planned Parenthood has two national offices in the United States. One in Washington, D.C., the other in New York City.

The organization has received money from the United States government since 1970.

Małgorzata Bocheńska

Malgorzata Bochenska (maiden name: Gąsiorowska) (10 September 1949 – 2 January 2018) was a Polish journalist, culture animator and publicist. She was born in Warsaw. From 1974 to 1981 she worked with Polish National TV Theater as an editor. From 1984 to 1989, she worked with the Helsinski Committee.

Bocheńska died in Warsaw on 2 January 2018 at the age of 69.


South Chicago, Chicago

South Chicago, formerly known as Ainsworth, is one of the 77 well-defined community areas of Chicago, Illinois. This community is one of Chicago's 16 lakefront neighborhoods near the southern rim of Lake Michigan 10 miles south of downtown. 

The Willis Tower and the Hancock Building were built from South Chicago steel.

South Chicago is not currently connected to the Chicago "L" rapid transit system. The nearest Red Line station is located 3 miles west, at 95th Street & Dan Ryan Expressway.


Burnside, Chicago

Burnside is one of the 77 official community areas of Chicago, Illinois. It is located on the city's south side. It had a population of 2,254 in 2016. It is also the least populous community area. 

This area is also called by locals, "The Triangle", as it is bordered by railroad tracks on every side; the Illinois Central on the west, the Rock Island on the south and the Nickel Plate Railroad (now Norfolk-Southern) on the east.

Originally thought to be part of Roseland and the Chatham communities.


Calumet Heights, Chicago

Calumet Heights, located on the South Side of the city. It is one of the 77 well defined community areas of Chicago, Illinois. Calumet Heights is bounded by 87th Street on the north, South Chicago Avenue on the east, and railroad lines on the west and south (along 95th Street).

It includes the neighborhoods of Calumet Heights and Pill Hill.

56% of Calumet Heights residents are in the labor force. 83% of those are considered to be employed and 17% to be unemployed.

Calumet Heights is a stronghold for the Democratic Party. In the 2016 presidential election, Calumet Heights cast 7,840 votes for Hillary Clinton and cast 184 votes Donald Trump. Despite this landslide victory, it was actually Clinton's 20th largest margin of victory by percentage points in the 76 community areas she won.


Pill Hill, Chicago

Pill Hill is a neighborhood in the Calumet Heights community area on the South Side of Chicago.

The neighborhood is the more affluent portion of the Stony Island Heights neighborhood that occupies the eastern two-thirds of Calumet Heights. he neighborhood is known for homes with built-in one-car garages and private yards. The region has little commercial development.

Roseland, Chicago

Roseland, located on the far South Side of the city, is one of the 77 official community areas of Chicago, Illinois. It includes the neighborhoods of Fernwood, Princeton Park, Lilydale, the southern portion of West Chesterfield, Rosemoor, Sheldon Heights and West Roseland.

George Pullman planned a model industrial city built around a factory that manufactured his "Palace" railway coaches.

The much lauded mural "I Welcome Myself to a New Place: Roseland Pullman Mural," by Olivia Gude, Jon Pounds, and Marcus Jefferson, 1988, was designed to unite the predominantly African American community.

The community is known for being one of the most violent of the city with high numbers of gang violence.


Pullman, Chicago

Pullman, one of Chicago's 77 defined community areas. It is a neighborhood located on the city's South Side. Twelve miles from the Chicago Loop. It is named after Chicago industrialist George Pullman.

Since the late 20th century, the Pullman neighborhood has been gentrifying. Many residents are involved in the restoration of their own homes, and projects throughout the district as a whole. Walking tours of Pullman are available.

Pullman has many historic and architecturally significant buildings; among these are the Hotel Florence; the Arcade Building, which was destroyed in the 1920s. The area is home to churches in Chicago built in Polish Cathedral style, the former church of St. Salomea. It is now used by Salem Baptist Church of Chicago.

In a contest sponsored by the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity, Pullman was one of seven sites nominated for the Illinois Seven Wonders.


South Deering, Chicago

South Deering, located on Chicago's far South Side, is the largest of the 77 official community areas of that city. It is part of the 10th Ward, once under the control of former Richard J. Daley ally Alderman Edward Vrdolyak. 

It is an industrial neighborhood, a small group of homes exists in the northeast corner and Lake Calumet takes up a large portion of the area. 80% of the community is zoned as industrial, natural wetlands, or parks. The remaining 20% is zoned for residential and small-scale commercial uses. 

Louis Rosen documented the racial transition of this and nearby communities in his 1998 book "The South Side: The Racial Transformation of an American Neighborhood".


West Pullman, Chicago

West Pullman is a neighborhood located on the far south side of the Chicago, Illinois. It is one of the 77 official community areas of Chicago. West Pullman is not a part of the historic Pullman company town.

It is bounded on the north by 115th Street, on the east by the former Illinois Central Railroad, on the south by the Calumet River and Riverdale, on the west by Calumet Park, Blue Island and Ashland Avenue.

At the local level, West Pullman is located in Chicago's 9th and 34th wards represented by Democrats Anthony Beale and Carrie Austin respectively.

Riverdale, Chicago

Riverdale is one of the 77 official community areas of Chicago, Illinois and is located on the city's far southeast side.

As originally designated by the Social Science Research Committee at the University of Chicago and officially adopted by the City of Chicago, the Riverdale community area extends from 115th Street south to the city boundary at 138th Street.

In 1880, George Pullman began constructing his model city just north of 115th Street. 

Currently, the area has the highest "hardship index" of any Chicago community area.


Hegewisch, Chicago

Hegewisch (pronounced "heg-wish" by the locals) is one of the 77 community areas of Chicago, Illinois, located on the city's far south side. 

It is bordered by the neighborhoods of Riverdale and South Deering to the west, the East Side to the north, the village of Burnham to the south and the city of Hammond, Indiana to the east. 

The community area is named for Adolph Hegewisch, the president of U.S. Rolling Stock Company who hoped to establish “an ideal workingman's community” when he laid out the town along a rail line in 1883, six years before Chicago annexed the town.

There are approximately 2,550 jobs in the Hegewisch community area.

Under the most recent version of Red Ahead, the Red Line extension plan would reach to Hegewisch.

Chicago Tylenol murders

The Chicago Tylenol murders were a series of poisoning deaths resulting from drug tampering in the Chicago metropolitan area in 1982. The victims had all taken Tylenol-branded acetaminophen capsules that had been laced with potassium cyanide. Seven people were killed in the original poisonings, with several more killed in subsequent copycat crimes.

These incidents led to reforms in the packaging of over-the-counter medications and to federal anti-tampering laws. The actions of Johnson & Johnson to reduce deaths and warn the public of poisoning risks have been widely praised as an exemplary public relations response to such a crisis.

No suspect was ever charged or convicted of the poisonings. New York City resident James William Lewis, who was the prime suspect, was convicted only of extortion for sending a letter to Johnson & Johnson that took credit for the deaths and demanded $1 million.

Horace Ashenfelter

Horace Ashenfelter III (January 23, 1923 – January 6, 2018) was an American athlete. He competed in international athletics from 1947 to 1956. He was born in Collegeville, Pennsylvania.

Ashenfelter was the surprise winner of the steeplechase at the 1952 Summer Olympics at Helsinki with a devastating surge following the final water jump. He was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1975.

Ashenfelter died in West Orange, New Jersey on January 6, 2018 at the age of 94.


Shoichiro Toyoda

Shoichiro Toyoda KBE (豊田 章一郞, Toyoda Shōichirō, February 27, 1925 — February 14, 2023) was a Japanese businessman.

Toyoda served as chairman of Toyota Motor Corporation between 1992 to 1999 and also serving as chairman of the powerful , beginning in May 1994 through May 1998.

Toyoda died on February 14, 2023, at the age of 97.


France Gall

Isabelle Geneviève Marie Anne Gall (9 October 1947 – 7 January 2018), known by her stage name France Gall, was a French singer.

Gall was known for her songs "Laisse tomber les filles", "Poupée de cire, poupée de son", and "Ella, elle l'a". She won the Eurovision Song Contest in1965 representing Luxembourg. 

She was born in Paris. Gall was married to Michel Berger, until his death.

Gall died of an infection complicated from cancer of unknown primary origin at a Paris hospital in Neuilly-sur-Seine on 7 January 2018 at the age of 70.


Gerhard Weinberg

Gerhard Ludwig Weinberg (born 1 January 1928) is a German-born American diplomatic and military historian. He is known for his studies in the history of World War II. He was born in Hanover, Germany. He is known for his book "".

Weinberg currently is the William Rand Kenan, Jr. Professor Emeritus of History at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He has been a member of the history faculty at UNC-Chapel Hill since 1974. Previously he served on the faculties of the University of Michigan (1959–1974) and the University of Kentucky (1957–1959).


Tony Britton

Anthony Edward Lowry "Tony" Britton (9 June 1924 – 22 December 2019) was an English actor. He was known for his role as Inspector Thomas in the 1973 movie "The Day of the Jackal".

Britton died on 22 December 2019 at the age of 95.


Anatoly Filipchenko

Anatoly Vasilyevich Filipchenko (; February 26, 1928 – August 7, 2022) was a Soviet cosmonaut of Ukrainian descent. He flew on the Soyuz 7 and Soyuz 16 missions. He was born in Davydovka, Voronezh Oblast, RSFSR.

After leaving the space programme in 1982 Filipchenko became the Deputy Director of the OKB in Kharkiv.

He was awarded: Hero of the Soviet Union, Pilot-Cosmonaut of the USSR, Order of Lenin, Order of the Red Banner of Labour, Medal "For Merit in Space Exploration", State Prize of the USSR, Order of the Banner of the Bulgarian People's Republic, Medal "For the Strengthening Military Cooperation" (Czechoslovakia) and Medal "Brotherhood in Arms" (GDR).

Filipchenko died on August 7, 2022 at the age of 94.

Daniel Ellsberg

Daniel Ellsberg (April 7, 1931 – June 16, 2023) was an American activist and former United States military analyst who was known for releasing the classified Pentagon Papers to "The Washington Post".

While employed by the RAND Corporation, precipitated a national political controversy in 1971 when he released the Pentagon Papers, a top-secret Pentagon study of U.S. government decision-making in relation to the Vietnam War, to "The New York Times" and other newspapers.

Ellsberg was charged under the Espionage Act of 1917 along with other charges of theft and conspiracy, carrying a total maximum sentence of 115 years. Due to governmental misconduct and illegal evidence gathering, and the defense by Leonard Boudin and Harvard Law School professor Charles Nesson, Judge William Matthew Byrne Jr. dismissed all charges against Ellsberg on May 11, 1973.

In March 2023, Ellsberg wrote that he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died at his home in Kensington, California, on June 16, 2023.


Peter Sutherland

Peter Denis Sutherland (25 April 1946 – 7 January 2018) was an Irish international businessman and former Attorney General of Ireland, associated with the Fine Gael party. He served as Attorney General from 1981 through 1982 and again from 1982 to 1984.

Sutherland was also European Commissioner responsible for Competition Policy (1985–89); Founding Director-General of The World Trade Organisation and former Chairman of Goldman Sachs International (1995–2015).

Sutherland died from an illness on 7 January 2018 in Dublin at the age of 71.


Florissant, Missouri

Florissant is a city in eastern Missouri. It is not far from St. Louis. Florissant is in northern St. Louis County. As of the 2020 census, over 52,000 people were living in the city.

Florissant was founded in 1785.

Ray Thomas

Raymond "Ray" Thomas (29 December 1941 – 4 January 2018) was an English musician. He was best known as a flautist, singer and composer in the rock band, The Moody Blues.

Some of his compositions are; "Another Morning" and "Twilight Time" (from "Days of Future Passed"), "Dr. Livingstone, I Presume" and "Legend of a Mind" (from "In Search of the Lost Chord"), "Dear Diary" and "Lazy Day" (from "On the Threshold of a Dream"), "Eternity Road", and "Floating" (from "To Our Children's Children's Children"), "And the Tide Rushes In" (from "A Question of Balance"), "Our Guessing Game" and "Nice to Be Here" (from "Every Good Boy Deserves Favour"), "For My Lady" (from "Seventh Sojourn"), and the medley "Painted Smile/Reflective Smile/Veteran Cosmic Rocker" (from "Long Distance Voyager").

Thomas died on 4 January 2018 of prostate cancer in Surrey at the age of 76.


Nonce

Nonce can mean: 


Jai Shri Krishna

Jai Shri Krishna is an Indian television series The series will be produced by Moti Sagar.



Flag of Serbia

The flag of Serbia has three horizontal stripes of red, blue, and white. The Coat of arms of Serbia is in the centre. The current form of the flag was officially adopted on 11 November 2010.

Flag of Moldova

The flag of Moldova is a vertical tricolour of blue, yellow, and red. The Coat of arms of Moldova is in the centre.

Craig Shoemaker

Craig Shoemaker (born November 15, 1958) is an American comedian, writer, and voice actor. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
He is best known for his baritone-voiced character, "The Lovemaster", which he routinely portrays in his comedy act. In 1997, he was named Funniest Male Stand-Up Comic at the American Comedy Awards.

Ranspach-le-Bas

Ranspach-le-Bas is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in east France.

Mohammad Manzarpour

Mohammad Manzarpour (Born 8 March 1972, Tehran) () is an Iranian journalist, presenter and producer.He also is Former Exacutive Editor of VOA Persian
He started his career as a social reporter for Peyk-e Azadi student weekly publication, in 1996.In 1998, Manzarpour joined the English daily, Tehran Times and was soon promoted to the Economic editor of this newspaper.
In 2002, Manzarpour Joined BBC Persian Radio as a producer. He was promoted to Senior producer in 2007 and joined BBC Persian Television in 2008 as their Middle East Correspondent.

Woodlands MRT station

Woodlands MRT station (NS9/TE2) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station on the North South Line and Thomson-East Coast Line in Woodlands, Singapore. It is located next to the Woodlands Temporary Bus Interchange and Causeway Point. 

In 1990, the government of Singapore said that the North South Line will be extended to connect the already-opened Choa Chu Kang and Yishun stations. The station opened on 10 February 1996 as part of this extension. The section on the Thomson–East Coast Line opened on 31 January 2020, as part of Stage 1 of the line.


Bicycle path

A bicycle path is a way marked for people on bicycles to use. 

Many bicycle path networks can be found in countries such as Denmark or Netherlands, which has had a national system of cycle routes since 1993. These networks may use routes dedicated exclusively to cycle traffic or minor rural roads whose use is otherwise restricted to local motor traffic and agricultural machinery. A safe way to go on a bicycle is when you have a bicycle path. These are made in places where bicycle safety is given consideration, so you do not have to cycle in busy traffic on dangerous roads.

The Dutch word "Fietspad" means Bicycle Path in English. In the Netherlands you can go on the bicycle path to the shops, housing, stations, schools, and workplaces. 
The more sensible approach is based on efforts to increase Utility cycling. In countries like Denmark, the Netherlands and Germany the high levels of utility cycling also includes shopping trips e.g. 9% of all shopping trips in Germany are by bicycle.

Utility cycling

Utility cycling encompasses any cycling done simply as a means of transport rather than as a sport or leisure activity. It is the original and most common type of cycling in the world.

Utility or "transport" cycling generally involves travelling short and medium distances (several kilometres, not uncommonly 3–15 kilometers one way, or somewhat longer), often in an urban environment. It includes commuting for example going to work, school or university, going shopping and running errands, as well as heading out to see friends and family or for other social activities.

Zevenaar

Zevenaar (Liemers: "Zênder or Zêvender", Low Saxon: "Zaender" or "Zaevender") is a municipality and city in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 44,000 people were living in the municipality and about 25,000 people in the city in 2021.

It lies both in the Liemers and IJsselvallei regions, on the northeast bank of the Rhine river, which enters the Netherlands near the hamlet of Spijk. Germany is partly on the southwest bank and partly southeast of the municipality. In the north the municipality lies also on the southeast bank of the IJssel river.

Zevenaar got city rights in 1487.

The municipality of Rijnwaarden joined Zevenaar in 2018.



Turkmen people

Turkmens are one of the main Turkic ethnic group in Central Asia, mainly in Turkmenistan, ethnic minorities in Turkey, Iraq, Syria, Jordan, Afghanistan and Iran. They speak Turkmen language of the Turkic languages family. Engagements, marriages, and the circumcision of boys, known as the sünnet parties, are big festivals. 

The term Turkoman was also used for people who take a Turkish identity and lost there own original Background, as example in the case of the so called Balkan Turkoman Gipsys, a subgroup of the Xoraxane Roma.


Pamiri people

Pamiris are a group of Iranian ethnic groups, who live mainly in the Badakhshan of Tajikistan and Afghanistan, Hunza and Chitral regions of Pakistan and the far western portion of Xinjiang in western China. They speak the Pamiri languages of the Iranian language family.

Following is the list of Pamiri ethnic groups:



Badakhshan

Badakhshan is a part of the northeast of Afghanistan and the southeast of Tajikistan.

The majority of the people in this area are the Pamiris and Tajiks.


Bugatti Type 35

The Type 35 was the most successful of the Bugatti racing models. Its version of the Bugatti arch-shaped radiator that had evolved from the more architectural one of the Bugatti Type 13 Brescia, was to become the one that the marque is most known for though even in the ranks of the various Type 35s there were variations on the theme.

Nuristani people

Nuristanis (نورِستانی) are a group of ethnic groups living in the Hindu Kush areas of Nuristan Province in eastern Afghanistan and Chitral District of northwestern Pakistan. They speak the Nuristani languages of the Indo-Iranian language family.



Kyrgyz people

The Kyrgyz people are a Turkic ethnic people native to Kyrgyztan, Uzbekistan, China, Pakistan and Afghanistan. They also live in Kazakhstan, Russia and Turkey. Most of them are Sunni Muslims. They speak the Kyrgyz language.

It comes from the Turkic word "kyrk" which means "forty". "Kyrgyz" means "a collection of forty tribes".

It also means "imperishable", "inextinguishable" and "immortal".

The hero Manas unified 40 tribes against the Khitans. The History of Yuan (written 1370) says there were 40 women born on a steppe.

Their name is also spelt Kirgiz (in China). In Kyrgyz, it is кыргыз / قىرعىز.

They come from Southern Siberia since at least 201 BC. They descend from the Yenisei Kyrgyz. The Yenisei Kyrgyz lived in the upper Yenisey River valley, central Siberia. The earliest Kyrgyz were also related to the Sakas (Scythians), Wusun, Dingling, Mongols and Xiongnu.

They first appear in Sima Qian's "Records of the Grand Historian" (109 - 91 BC, Han dynasty, China). They were called "Gekun" (, ) or "Jiankun" ().

During the 2nd century the Yenisei Kyrgyz were part of the Xiongnu (Huns), Tiele, Rouran, and Xianbei. Later between the 5 - 10 c, the Yenisei Kyrgyz were part of the Göktürk and Uyghur Khaganates.

In 840, the Kyrgyz allied with the Tang dynasty to defeat the Uyghur Khaganate (Mongolia). The Kyrgyz qaghan (king) killed the Uyghur qaghan and rescued Princess Taihe. They moved to Jeti-su and spread south to the Tian Shan mountains and Xinjiang. The Kyrgyz then lived peacefully around Central Asia and Xinjiang, as vassals to the Tang.

The "Tanghuiyao" (8–10 c) called them "Tsze-gu" (Kirgut) and "Xiajiasi". According to Tang records Xiajia could mean "yellow head and red face". That's what the Uyghurs called the Kyrgyz. Their tamga (tribe symbol) is identical to the modern day Kyrgyz tamga.

In the 10 - 12 c, the Kara-Khanid and then Western Liao invaded the area. In the 13th century the Mongol Empire unified everybody. Genghis Khan's first son Jochi occupied Kyrgyzstan.

They were part of the Chagatai Khanate and ruled by other Turkic people. In 1685 the Oirat (Dzungar, Mongolic) ruled them.

Russia then took over, Modern Kyrgyzstan declared independence in 1991.

By the 16th century they lived in Siberia, Xinjiang, Tian Shan, Pamir-Alay, Middle Asia, Urals, Kazakhstan, etc. In China, the term Kyrgyz also refers to the oldest Turkic tribes that lived there (the Tiele and Yeniseian Kyrgyz).

Genetic shows that Kyrgyz have mostly East Eurasian. In Tajikstan, East Eurasian ancestry is one half to two-thirds.

During the Tang Dynasty, they were described with "red hair and green eyes", while those with dark hair and dark eyes descended from the Chinese.

The Kyrgyz were fair-skinned, green- or blue-eyed and red-haired people with East Asian features.

Nowadays Kyrgyz are mostly Muslims of the Hanafi Sunni school. But they were originally shamanist. Arab traders travelled along the Silk Road and arrived by the 8th century. But the Kyrgyz were not immediately converted. The Persian text "Hudud al-'alam", said that the Kyrgyz "venerate the Fire and burn the dead".

Islam spread during the Mongol empire and following Chagatai Khanate. By the 18th century the Kyrgyz were converted by the Khanate of Kokand (a vassal of the Qing dynasty). Some Kyrgyz-Chinese practice Tibetan Buddhism.

The Kyrgyz-Chinese are one of the 56 ethnic groups of China. There are more than 145,000 Kyrgyz livinng in China. They are known as "Kē'ěrkèzī zú" (). They live mainly in Xinjiang.

In the 19th century, the Russians conquered Kyrgyz land and drove many to China. The Kyrgyz had a better life in China than in Russia. The Russians fought against the Muslim nomadic Kyrgyz. But because there were so many Chinese-Kyrgyz, the Russians stopped because they did not want to fight against the Chinese. The Muslim Kyrgyz were sure that in any upcoming conflict, China would defeat Russia.

Some are called the "Fuyu Kyrgyz". They are Yenisei Kirghiz (Khakas people) people. In the 17th c, the Dzungar khanate moved them from the Yenisei river to Dzungaria. In the 18th c, the Qing dynasty then defeated Dzungaria and moved them to Manchuria. They now live in Wujiazi Village, Fuyu County, Heilongjiang. Their language is related to the Khakas language (the Fuyü Gïrgïs dialect).

They speak a Turkic language. It used to be written in Turkic old script. In Kyrgyzstan, it is written with the Cyrillic alphabet. In China, Pakistan and Afghanistan it is written with an Arabic script. President Atambaev of Kyrgyzstan said switching from Cyrillic to Latin (like Kazakhstan had) may hurt communication with Kyrgyz people in Russia. A different dialect of Kyrgyz called the Pamiri Kyrgyz dialect is spoken by the Kyrgyz people in Pakistan and Afghanistan. They call it "Kara Kyrgyz".

Kyrgyz language

Kyrgyz language is the official language of Kyrgyzstan and a branch of Turkic languages that most Kyrgyz people speak with. Kyrgyz is written with the Cyrillic alphabet, but can be written in the Arabic alphabet in Xinjiang, Afghanistan, and Pakistan.



Barnstable County, Massachusetts

Barnstable County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 census, the population was 228,996. The county seat is Barnstable.

Thomas Bopp

Thomas J. Bopp (October 15, 1949 – January 6, 2018) was an American astronomer. He was best known as the co-discoverer of comet Hale–Bopp (with Alan Hale) in 1995.

On the night of July 22, Bopp was observing the sky with friends in the Arizona desert when he made the discovery. It was the first comet he had observed and he was using a borrowed, home-built telescope. Hale and Bopp both discovered the comet by chance at approximately the same time.

Bopp died on January 6, 2018 at the age of 68.


Chris Tsangarides

Christopher Andrew Tsangarides (17 August 1956 – 6 January 2018) was a British Grammy-nominated record producer, sound engineer, and mixer. 

Tsangarides was best known for his work with many heavy metal bands, including Judas Priest, Anvil, Gary Moore, Thin Lizzy, Helloween, Angra, Anthem, Yngwie Malmsteen and Tygers of Pan Tang. Tsangarides worked with many pop and alternative artists as well, including Depeche Mode, Tom Jones, Concrete Blonde, and The Tragically Hip.

Tsangarides died of heart failure complicated from pneumonia on 6 January 2018, aged 61.


Anna Mae Hays

Anna Mae Virginia McCabe Hays (February 16, 1920 – January 7, 2018) was an American military personnel of World War II and the Korean War. She was born in Buffalo, New York.

Hays served as Chief of the U.S. Army Nurse Corps from 1967 through 1971. She was the first woman in the U.S. Armed Forces to be promoted to a general officer rank. In 1970, she was promoted to the rank of Brigadier General. She received two Legion of Merit.

Hays died in Washington, D.C. on January 7, 2018 of complications from a heart attack at the age of 97.

Peter Preston

Peter John Preston (23 May 1938 – 6 January 2018) was a British journalist and author. He was editor of "The Guardian" for twenty years, from 1975 to 1995. He contributed a weekly column to "The Observer". He was born in Barrow upon Soar, Leicestershire. 

He reported on Conservative MPs, including the perjurious Jonathan Aitken and cash-for-questions affair involving Neil Hamilton and Tim Smith.

Preston died of melanoma on 6 January 2018 at the age of 79.


Marjorie Holt

Marjorie Sewell Holt (September 17, 1920 – January 7, 2018) was an American politician and lawyer. She was a Republican. She was a U.S. Congresswoman who represented Maryland's 4th congressional district from January 3, 1973 to January 3, 1987. She was the first Republican woman elected to Congress from Maryland. She was born in Birmingham, Alabama. 

Holt died on January 7, 2018 in Severna Park, Maryland at the age of 97.

Markku Into

Markku Vesa Milton Into (20 October 1945 – 7 January 2018) was a Finnish poet. He was one of the main members in Finnish 1960s underground movement of Turku. Into wrote a collections of poetry, prose and plays. He has also translated into Finnish such American Beat generation writers as Allen Ginsberg, Lawrence Ferlinghetti and Gregory Corso; also Charles Bukowski.

Into wrote lyrics for the band Suomen Talvisota 1939–1940. His literary debut was "Tuonela Rock" of 1971. Markku Into has also received the Eino Leino Prize in 2001.

Into died on 7 January 2018 in Turku at the age of 72.

Kato Ottio

Benkato "Kato" Ottio (20 March 1994 – 9 January 2018) was a Papua New Guinean rugby league footballer. Mainly playing at centre, Ottio represented the Papua New Guinean national team, most notably at the 2017 World Cup. He was born in Tatana, near Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.

Ottio died of a suspected case of cardiac arrest at a hospital in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea on 9 January 2018 at the age of 23.

Donnelly Rhodes

Donnelly Rhodes (December 4, 1937 – January 8, 2018) was a Canadian actor. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. 

Rhodes was best known to American audiences as the hapless escaped convict Dutch Leitner on the ABC soap opera spoof "Soap". 

Rhodes was well known to Canadian audiences as Sgt Nick Raitt in the CBC TV series "Sidestreet" (1975-1978) and as Grant "Doc" Roberts in another CBC TV series called "Danger Bay" (1985-1990). He also starred as Doctor Cottle ("Doc") on the Sci Fi Channel television program "Battlestar Galactica" (2004).

Rhodes died on January 8, 2018 in Maple Ridge, British Columbia of liver cancer at the age of 80.

Castle Rock Entertainment

Castle Rock Entertainment is an American movie and television company. It was founded in 1987. It is a part of Time Warner's Warner Bros. Rob Reiner, Alan Horn, Andrew Scheinman, Martin Shafer and Glenn Padnick founded the company.

Reiner named the company after the fictional Maine town used in Stephen King stories.

In August 1993, the Turner Broadcasting System agreed to join with Castle Rock, along with New Line Cinema. The sale was completed on December 22, 1993.

Castle Rock became a division of Warner Bros. in 1996.

Uilleann pipes

The uilleann pipes are the national bagpipe of Ireland. They were first known in English as "union pipes". 

Stark's Park

Stark's Park is a football stadium in Kirkcaldy, Scotland. It is the home to Raith Rovers F.C., who have played there since 1891. From 2016, the ground can hold 90,000 people.

Zayed University

Zayed University () is a federal university in the United Arab Emirates. The university is named for Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the country's first leader. There is one campus in Abu Dhabi and one campus in Dubai.

Zayed University opened in 1998. It was an Emirati women's university for ten years. In 2008, 200 men started attending the university. The first Abu Dhabi campus was on Delma Street in the city but in 2011, they moved to a new campus in Khalifa B city. The Dubai campus moved to Academic City in 2006.

In 2014, Lubna Khalid Al Qasimi became president of the university. In 2015, Marilyn Roberts became acting provost of the university.

Students study all subjects in English at Zayed University. They must score a 5.5 on IELTS or a 1500 on EMSAT exams to enter the colleges. If they do not get those scores, they can enter the Academic Bridge Program (ABP) to improve their English language skills.

The University has six colleges and one language program:

The ABP is a one year program. It helps students improve their academic English language skills in reading, writing, speaking and Listening. If students succeed at the program, they can enter the colleges at Zayed University to continue their studies.

Zayed University is sometimes called ZU.


Edge effect

Edge Effect: in Eddy Current is The electromagnetic field produced by an excited test coil extends in all directions from the coil. As test objects geometrical boundaries are approached by the test coil, they are sensed by the coil prior to the coil's arrival at the boundary.

Juan Carlos García

Juan Carlos García (8 March 1988 – 8 January 2018) was a Honduran footballer.

He began his career at Marathón and later went on to C.D. Olimpia. Before transferring to Wigan in 2013 he was loaned to CD Tenerife.

A full international since 2009, García has earned over 30 caps for Honduras. He was included in their squads for three CONCACAF Gold Cups and the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

García died from leukemia on 8 January 2018 at the age of 29.

Vojtěch Lindaur

Vojtěch Lindaur (12 September 1957 – 8 January 2018) was a Czech journalist, teacher and record producer. He was born in Plzeň, Czech Republic. He studied in Mělník. In 1981, he graduated from Charles University in Prague. In 1987, he produced "Doba ledová" by Precedens, their debut album. Since 1990, he was working for "Rock & Pop" magazine. He also had his own radio show ("Beatová klenotnice") on Radio Beat.

Lindaur died on 8 January 2018 at age of 60.

Parpan

Parpan used to be a municipality of the district Plessur of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2010, the municipalities of Malix and Parpan became part of Churwalden.


Ranspach-le-Haut

Ranspach-le-Haut is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

2054

2054 (MMLIV) will be .




Rantzwiller

Rantzwiller is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.



List of Latin phrases (V)

Denise LaSalle

Ora Denise Allen (July 16, 1939 – January 8, 2018), known by the stage name Denise LaSalle, was an American blues and R&B/soul singer-songwriter, and record producer. Since the death of Koko Taylor, had been recognized as the "Queen of the Blues". She was born in Leflore County, Mississippi. She was known for her song "Trapped by a Thing Called Love".

LaSalle died on January 8, 2018 in Jackson, Mississippi of heart disease and complications from a fall at the age of 78.


Britain First

Britain First is a far-right and fascist hate group and political party in the United Kingdom. It is against Islam and immigration in the UK, has spoken out against LGBT equality, and opposes abortion. The group was founded in 2011. It sometimes holds protests against the building of mosques, Islamic extremists, child grooming and hebephilia. It holds what is calls "Christian patrols", however, every major Christian denomination in the UK has publicly spoken out against the party.

Paul Golding is the leader of the party. He is a former British National Party councillor. 

They had three candidates in the local election on 5 May 2022, in Salford, Rhondda Cynon Taf and Greenwich. In the 2022 Wakefield by-election their candidate, Ashlea Simon, got 311 votes.

In the 2023 local elections they put up two candidates in Bideford. 

Havana (song)

"Havana" is a song by Cuban American singer Camila Cabello, taken from her first solo album, "Camila". It is her best-charting lead single since leaving the music group Fifth Harmony. In the song, Cabello sings of her love for the city of Havana, Cuba, and her Cuban heritage. There is a rap by American rapper Young Thug in the song. The official remix features verses from Puerto Rican singer Daddy Yankee. The song has been a success worldwide, reaching the top two in Switzerland, Germany, Austria, France, Belgium, Denmark, and New Zealand, and number one in the United States, Australia, Canada, Spain, and the UK.

After spending seven weeks at number two on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, it was announced that the song reached the top for the week ending January 27, 2018. She became only the third artist in "Billboard" history to have both their first number-one song and album in the same week, after Beyoncé (2003) and Britney Spears (1999).

The song was certified sextuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales and streams of six million copies in the United States.

Greta Thyssen

Greta Thyssen (born Greta Thysegen; March 30, 1927 – January 6, 2018), was a Danish-born American actress and former model. She was born in Copenhagen, Denmark. She was known for being the double of Marilyn Monroe in the movie "Bus Stop" and many other of her movies. She was also a co-star in "The Three Stooges". She also appeared "Accused of Murder", "Terror Is a Man", "Three Blondes in His Life" and "Journey to the Seventh Planet".

Thyssen died on January 6, 2018 in Manhattan, New York of pneumonia at the age of 90.


Paul Hester

Paul Newell Hester (8 January 1959 – 26 March 2005) was an Australian musician and television personality. He is best known as the drummer for the rock bands Split Enz and Crowded House. He last performed with Crowded House in 1996. He later worked on television and radio. He was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He was the father of two daughters.

Hester had depression in his final years. He killed himself on 26 March 2005 in Brighton, Melbourne, at the age of 46.


Civic Platform

Civic Platform (Polish: "Platforma Obywatelska") is a political party in Poland. It is currently the second largest political party in Poland.

The party gets a lot of its support from the north and west of Poland.

Some famous Civic Platform politicians include Donald Tusk, Jerzy Buzek, Ewa Kopacz, Bronisław Komorowski and Hanna Gronkiewicz-Waltz.

The party supports the European Union.

The party is against same-sex marriage, abortion, euthanasia, fetal stem cell research and the removal of religious symbols from schools.


Intrinsic factor

Intrinsic factor (IF), or gastric intrinsic factor (GIF), is a glycoprotein. It is produced by the parietal cells of the stomach. 

IF is necessary for the absorption of vitamin B (cobalamin) later on in the ileum of the small intestine. In humans, the gastric intrinsic factor protein is encoded by the "GIF" gene.

Tommy Lawrence

Thomas Johnstone Lawrence (14 May 1940 – 10 January 2018) was a Scottish professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper.

He played for English clubs Liverpool and Tranmere Rovers from the 1950s through to the 1970s. He also played in three times for Scotland during the 1960s. He was a twice league champion and an FA Cup winner with Liverpool.

Lawrence was born in Dailly, Ayrshire. He had a son, Stephen. In 2015, Lawrence made news headlines when a BBC journalist asked if he remembered a game between Liverpool and Everton. He replied "I do, I played in it. I was the goalkeeper for Liverpool."

Lawrence died on 10 January 2018 in Warrington, Cheshire. He was 77.



Praden

Praden () is a village in the municipality of Tschiertschen-Praden in the district Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

The formerly independent municipality merged with Tschiertschen to form Tschiertschen-Praden on January 1, 2009.

Réguisheim

Réguisheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.


Khitan people

Khitan or Khitai were a nomadic people in northeastern Asia, from the fourth century, who lived in the region of Mongolia, northeastern China and Russian Far East. Khitans spoke the Khitan language, which is close to the Mongolic languages.


Wagyu beef

Wagyu beef is the beef that comes from the Japanese Wagyu cattle. It is very expensive and regarded as one of the best slices of beef. There is a lot of marbling in the meat, which means that there are streaks of fat within the red meat which makes the meat tenderer and moister, while adding flavor. Sometimes the Wagyu beef is called different things based on where it is from. Some examples include Kobe beef, Matsusaka beef, or Omi beef.

Wagyu has a rigorous authentication process. A user can authenticate the wagyu through the Japanese carcass verification bureau website. A user will be able to determine whether the Wagyu beef on their plate is genuine using the 10-digit cattle ID number on the certificate. 

There are 9 prefectures that raise Wagyu cattle, Miyazaki Prefecture, Hokkaido, Kagoshima Prefecture, Shiga Prefecture, Miyagi Prefecture, Gifu Prefecture, Kumamoto Prefecture, Hyogo Prefecture, and Kagawa Prefecture.

Cattle were brought to Japan from China at the same time as the cultivation of rice, in about the second century AD, in the Yayoi period. Until about the time of the Meiji Restoration in 1868, they were used only as draught animals, in agriculture, forestry, mining and for transport, and as a source of fertilizer. Milk consumption was unknown, and – for cultural and religious reasons – meat was not eaten. Cattle were highly prized and valuable, too expensive for a poor farmer to buy.

Japan was effectively isolated from the rest of the world from 1635 until 1854; there was no possibility of the intromission of foreign genes to the cattle population during this time. Between 1868, the year of the Meiji Restoration, and 1887, some foreign cattle were imported. At first, there was little interest in cross-breeding these with the native stock, but from about 1900, it became widespread. It was ceased abruptly in 1910 when it was realized that, while the cross-breeds might be larger and have better dairy qualities, their working capacity and meat quality was lower. From 1919, the various heterogeneous regional populations that resulted from this brief period of cross-breeding were registered and selected as "Improved Japanese Cattle". Four separate strains were characterised, based mainly on which type of foreign cattle had most influenced the hybrids, and were recognised as individual breeds in 1944. They are collectively known as wagyū, and are:


In 1997, though, Japan declared the Wagyu breed a living national treasure and placed a ban on exports.

The Australian Wagyu Association is the largest breed association outside Japan. Both fullblood and Wagyu-cross cattle are farmed in Australia for domestic and overseas markets, including Taiwan, China, Canada, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, the U.K., France, Germany, Denmark and the U.S. Australian Wagyu cattle are grain fed for the last 300–500 days of production. Wagyu bred in Western Australia's Margaret River region often have red wine added to their feed as well.

In the United States, some Japanese Wagyu cattle are cross-bred with American Angus stock. Meat from this cross-breed is marketed as "American-Style Kobe Beef", or "Wangus", although many American retailers simply (inaccurately) refer to it as Wagyu. Wagyu were first competitively exhibited at the National Western Stock Show in 2012. Other U.S. Wagyu breeders have full-blooded animals directly descended from original Japanese bloodlines, that are registered through the American Wagyu Association.

Wagyu cattle farming in Canada appeared after 1991 when the Canadian Wagyu Association was formed. Wagyu style cattle and farms in Canada are found in Alberta, Saskatchewan, Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia, Prince Edward Island, and Newfoundland and Labrador. Canadian Wagyu beef products are exported to the US (including Hawaii), Australia, New Zealand, and Europe.

In 2008, a herd of Wagyu cattle was imported to North Yorkshire, first becoming available for consumption in 2011. Since 2011 there have been Wagyu herds in Scotland.

The Wagyu Breeders Association Ltd was established in July 2014.

The term "Kobe steak" originated among the foreigners who first came and settled in Kobe, from the Meiji period (1868–1912) onwards, after Kobe became the first port in Japan to be opened to foreign trade from January 1, 1869 . From there, news of the meat quickly spread west. 

Kobe beef is considered by experts to be the world's best beef and is very expensive. That is why the term "kobe beef" is also used a lot for marketing purposes. Much of the meat offered under this designation in the West is not real Kobe beef, but is still sold as if it were real. It is therefore not enough that the animal is of the Wagyū cattle breed. It must also be bred from genuine Tajima cattle in Tajima, where all animals are genetically tested and the carcass is classified according to a standard after slaughter. Animals that meet the standard are authorized as Kobe beef and are stamped in four places with the special logo, after which a "Kobe Beef Certificate of Authenticity" is issued for each slaughter. All Kobe beef can therefore be traced from the Kobe Beef website, via a unique 10-digit code that must be found on the packaging. This unique code is assigned to selected animals at defined breeders while they are still calves. The logo a stylistic Japanese chrysanthemum , not the same but similar to the coat of arms of Japan and the Japanese Imperial Seal (which is the same). 

Wagyu vs Kobe

Khitan language

Khitan or Khitan language is an extinct language spoken by the Khitan people. It is close to the Mongolic languages.


Hazaristan

Hazaristan or Hazarajat (Dari Persian: ) is a large mountainous area in the central highlands of Afghanistan which is the main and the historical land of the Hazara people. Hazaristan areas including provinces such as Bamyan, Daykundi, Ghor, Ghazni, Urozgan, Maidan Wardak, Parwan, Samangan, Baghlan, Badghis and some other areas.


Jim Renacci

James B. Renacci (born December 3, 1958) is an American businessperson and politician. In 2011, he became the U.S. Representative for . He left the office on January 3, 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party. He served as Mayor of Wadsworth, Ohio, from 2004 to 2008.

In March 2017, Renacci announced his candidacy for the governorship of Ohio for the 2018 election. However, he later dropped out to run for the United States Senate. He lost the general election to incumbent Sherrod Brown.

In June 2021, Renacci announced that he would run for Governor of Ohio against incumbent Mike DeWine for the Republican nomination.


Ramsar, Iran

Ramsar (, also Romanized as Rāmsar and Rānsar; formerly, Sakht Sar) is the capital of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. 

Hamadan

Hamadān () or Hamedān (, "Hamedān") (Old Persian: Haŋgmetana, Ecbatana) is the capital city of Hamadan Province in Iran. 

Rose black spot

Rose back spot is a fungus that affects rose plants. 

As the name suggests, the disease creates black spots on the leaves of the rose plant. If the plant is very badly affected, the leaves will look fully black.

How It Is Transmitted: The fungus thrives in wet and windy conditions.

Symptoms: Purple or black spots appear on the leaves; leaves may turn yellow and then drop off. The rate at which the plant can photosynthesise is greatly affected and the plant does not thrive.

Cause: fungus

Treatment/Prevention: Spray the plant with an insecticide and fungicide.

Richard Henry Lee

Richard Henry Lee (January 20, 1732June 19, 1794) was an American colonist from Virginia. He was best known to have proposed independence from Britain during the Revolutionary War.

Karni Mata Temple

Karni Mata Temple (Hindi: करणी माता मंदिर) is a Hindu temple dedicated to Karni Mata at Deshnoke, 30 km from Bikaner, in Rajasthan, India. It is also known as the Temple of Rats.

The temple is famous for the approximately 25,000 black rats that live, and are revered in, the temple. These holy rats are called kabbas, and many people travel great distances to pay their respects. The temple draws visitors from across the country for blessings, as well as curious tourists from around the world.


Karni Mata

Karni Mata ( or Karniji;) (Karni Mata is also referred to as "Nari Bai") (circa 2 October 1387 – circa 23 March 1538,) was a female Hindu warrior sage born in the Charan caste. Also known as Shri Karniji Maharaj, she is worshiped as the incarnation of the warrior goddess Durga by her followers. She is an official deity of the royal families of Jodhpur and Bikaner.


Reiningue

Reiningue is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department.

Retzwiller

Retzwiller is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Misandry

Misandry, similar to misogyny, means hating a certain gender and misandry means hating men. It is a type of misanthropy but against males. A misandrist is a person, usually a female who hates men. They may hate men because they believe there is something wrong with them, such as being stupid, dirty, inferior or/and evil. A society or a system that sets women above men is called matriarchy.

Misandry is a form of sexism, which is based on hate. Radical feminists are usually viewed as misandric or misandrist, hypocritical and gynocentric. Misandry can include violence or discrimination against men. Many misandrists are prejudiced against men. For example they may think that all men or boys are potential rapists.

Gender differences in crime

Gender differences in crime are differences between females and males as criminals or as the victims of crime. Studies of this subject may be in the areas of criminology (study of criminal behavior), sociobiology and women's studies.

According to statistics, males commit more crimes than females. But females do sometimes commit crimes matching those of men, such as bank robbery, murder and burglary.

A 2008 study of domestic violence shows that women have different reasons from men when committing violence against their partner. Women are more likely to do this because they are afraid or to defend themselves. Men, on the other hand, are more likely to be trying to be in control. Men are more likely to beat up, choke or strangle their partner. Women were more likely to slap, kick, bite, throw something at their partner, punch their partners or hit with objects.

Bank robbery

A bank robbery is the crime of stealing (taking) money from a bank. Bank employees or customers are threatened with force or violence. It happens in both cities and towns.

According to "The New York Times" and "Saturday Evening Post", the first bank robbery in the United States happened in March 1831. On February 13, 1866, several men believed to be affiliated with Jesse James robbed Clay County Savings Association in Liberty, Missouri. During the robbery, the men shot a 19-year-old student. They then escaped with over $60,000. This was Jesse James' first bank robbery. It may have been the 1st successful peacetime bank robbery in U.S. history.

Bank robberies are usually done by men. Women who have robbed banks include Bonnie Parker, Patty Hearst, and the Barbie Bandits.

Bank robbery is a federal crime in the United States.

Peoria Heights, Illinois

Peoria Heights is a village in central Illinois. It is a suburb of Peoria.

Since the 1970s, the number of people in the village has declined. As of 2020, the number of people in Peoria Heights is 5,908.

Carpentersville, Illinois

Carpentersville is a village in northeastern Illinois, next to Aurora. The village is in Kane County; Carpentersville is one of many suburbs of Chicago.

The number of people in Carpentersville in 2020 was 37,983.

Work Bitch

"Work Bitch", stylized as "Work B**ch" or "Work Work" (clean version), is an electronic dance song from American singer Britney Spears. It is off the singer's 2013 studio album "Britney Jean". The song was released on September 16, 2013. 

The song has mostly spoken lyrics in which Spears repeatedly tells women to "get to work."

The song peaked at #12 on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100. Outside the U.S., it peaked within the top ten in Canada, the United Kingdom, and France. It peaked at #2 on UK's Dance Chart. It also charted well in several other countries.

The song got high marks from music critics. In 2018, it was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for more than one million copies shipped and streamed in the US.

The Nore

The Nore is a sandbank at the mouth of the Thames Estuary, England. It marks the point where the River Thames meets the North Sea In previous years, it marked the Port of London Authority's seaward limit.

Since the sandbank could be a hindrance to passing ships, in 1732 it got the world's first lightship. This became a major landmark, and was an assembly point for shipping. By 1919 there were nine lightships. Now the job is done by a buoy.

Carrauntoohil

Carrauntoohil is the highest peak on the island of Ireland. It is in County Kerry. Carrauntoohil is high. It is the central peak of the Macgillycuddy's Reeks range.

Gothic rock

Gothic rock (also referred to as goth rock or simply goth) is a style of rock music that came from post-punk in the late 1970s. The first post-punk bands which shifted towards dark music with gothic overtones include Siouxsie and the Banshees, Joy Division, Bauhaus and the Cure.

The genre itself was defined as different from post-punk due to its darker music and romantic lyrics.

Martha McSally

Martha Elizabeth McSally (born March 22, 1966) is an American politician. She is a member of the Republican Party. McSally was the United States Senator from Arizona from January 3, 2019 to December 2, 2020. She was a U.S. Representative for Arizona's 2nd congressional district from January 2015 to January 2019. McSally is a retired United States Air Force Colonel. 

In January 2018, McSally announced that she was entering the 2018 race to succeed retiring Republican U.S. Senator Jeff Flake. She won the Republican nomination in August 2018 but lost to Democrat Kyrsten Sinema in the general election.

After the Senate election, U.S. Senator Jon Kyl announced his resignation from the state's other seat. Governor Doug Ducey then announced that McSally would Kyl. This made McSally the second woman to be chosen to serve as a U.S. Senator from Arizona, and made Arizona one of the few states with two women serving as its senators.

In November 2020, McSally lost her re-election to Democrat astronaut Mark Kelly.


Zee Bangla

Zee Bangla is a Bengali cable television channel in India. It is offered by Zee Network, part of the Essel Group.

The first Bengali television channel in India, Zee Bangla was launched in 1999 by Zee TV's chairman.

It aired the comedy show "Raja and Gaja" before the show switched stations.

It has its own YouTube Channel.








Vanumotir Khel

Bhanumotir Khel is a Bengali television soap opera that premiered on 8 January 2018 and airs on Zee Bangla. It is produced by Subatra Roy. It stars Shreyosree Roy and Rubel Das in lead roles. Bhanumatir Khel took the time slot of Zee Bangla show *"Baksho Bodol". On 18 June 2018, The Show took the timeslot of Rangiye Diye Jao.

Bhanumoti, the daughter of an gouni insignificant magician learns the tricks of the trade at a very young age. Bhanu, a simple schoolgirl in her teens practises magic. Her mother is totally against it, but she cannot help her instincts in putting her talent to use by turning hatred into love and sadness into happiness for persons in trouble. It is her way of sorting out good from evil to better human lives around her in the streets of the city.
Meghraj, is also a practicing magician. Son of the super magician, Mahendra Sarkar, for him, magic is a form of art that he performs to entertain people who visit his shows. He has the prerequisites of professional performance – a stage, lights, music, an audience waiting to be entertained; that build the atmosphere for his magic shows.
The two meet. He is not only awed by the girl’s quality to convert her magical ability to use the same form of art without any gadgets or ambience, but gets mesmerized by her cause of doing so for the good of society.

Currently in the story of Bhanumotir Khel, after an air crash- Meghraj and Bhanumoti are located in two separated spaces. Their daughter Bhelki is growing up with Bhanumoti. Bhelki is also a street magician who is taking care of her ailing mother and fighting against all odds. Bhelki incidentally meets Meghraj several times not knowing that Bhelki is actually her daughter. The main antagonist Mohini Sarkar, impressed with the magic of Bhelki, pays a lot of money to take Bhelki to their house, Jaadumahal. Just before that day she treats Bhelki and her mother in a renowned hotel in the city where incidentally Meghraj and Ahona(Megh’s secretary) also comes for dinner. Will Meghraj meet Bhanumoti?


Bokul Kotha

Bokul Kotha () is an Popular Indian Bengali television soap opera that Premiered on 4th December 2017 and airs on Zee Bangla and Telecast Monday To Saturday at 9:00 P.M. The Show Stars Ushashi Roy and Honey Bafna in Lead roles. The Show telecast Monday to Saturday at 9:00 P.M. Bokul Kotha took the timeslot of Bikele Bhorer Phool.It is one of the Most Popular Serial Running in this period. In June 2018 it had a TRP of 11.2.The Show is one of the Bengali highest ranking serial in trp ratings.

Bokul Kotha is the story of Bokul, who has been raised as a son. She grows up to be a tomboy, well versed in handling roles that are reserved for the boys. Bokul has short hair and feels comfortable wearing pants and shirts, unlike girls her age who obsess with their beauty.  Bokul doesn't want to waste her time on make –up and clothes.
She is more interested to become her father’s support system. But a cruel twist in the tale comes in when her father passes away after which she is forced to take the reign of the family in her hands. Though Bokul is not interested in marriage, her mother and grandmother are always worried about what would happen in future when she would be married off.
On the other hand, is Rishi, whose family does everything only after consulting the family guru, an astrologer. Rishi was to be married only if his natal chart matched the girl’s. Being a choosy person, Rishi has already rejected 40 women. As luck would have it, finally his natal charts match with Bokul’s charts. After much drama and confusion, the mismatched couple is married off. But Bokul is neither cut out as an ideal housewife nor is keen to learn the ways of the world as a married woman should.



Colors Bangla

Colors Bangla previously known as ETV Bangla (Bengali: Colors বাংলা) is 24-hour Bengali language television channel. The channel aired the Filmfare Awards East 2017. It Has Popular Shows Like Subho Drishti,and Resham Jhanpi.



Canvey Island

Canvey island is an island in Essex. It is in the Thames estuary.

ViVA Trio

ViVA Trio is a Canadian all-female musical trio based in Toronto, Canada. It is comprised of three sopranos Anna Bateman, Erin Fisher and Katya Tchoubar. Most of the popular music by ViVA Trio was inspired by pop artists including Il Divo, Adele and Evanescence. ViVA Trio was nominated "Emerging Artist of the Year" award by InFAME Music Awards in 2017.

Members of ViVA Opera Trio studied music at The Toronto Royal Conservatory of Music, University of Toronto, and University of British Columbia. Viva Trio has performed at several venues and festivals such as the The Imperial Theatre, New York’s Chautauqua Festival, Palais Royale in Toronto and Pantages Theater. The group toured in Poland for an orchestra concert for the Filharmonia Dolnośląska. 

In October 2017, they released their debut album "Nothing Else Matters", which featured live orchestra. In January 2018, Viva Trio performed a cover of John Lennon’s "Imagine" on the Canadian TV series "The Morning Show".

Zenzenzense

The song was used in the movie trailers for "Your Name". It was released on 25 July 2016, before the release of the movie. It was used to promote the movie.

!scope="row"| South Korea (Gaon)

Anpan

Anpan is thought to be an Japanese original bread. It is a mixture of bread and "あん" a Japanese traditional sweet made from beans. Anpan appeared for the first time at a bakery in Ginza, Tokyo in 1874. The emperor also tried it in 1875. This news about the emperor spread quickly throughout Japan, and it became popular among Japanese people.

Stree (TV series)

Stree ; is a Bengali television Soap Opera that premiered on December 26, 2016 and aired on Zee Bangla. It was produced by Snehasish Chakraborty and it stars Neha Amandeep and Abhijit (Neel) Bhattacharya in lead roles and Goutam De, Rita Koiral and Dolon Roy in supporting roles. It also stars Rahul Dev Bose and Madhurima Basak in a negative role. It replaced the popular show "Goyenda Ginni". The show telecasted at Monday to Sunday at 7:30 pm.The Show went Off Air on 11 February 2018 and It Got replaced By Amloki.

Niru is an innocent yet daredevil girl belonging to the not-so-privileged class of society. Niru has lived her life on her own terms taking all the responsibilities of her family on her own shoulders.

Quite unaware of the complicacies of the human mind and the ways of the world, one day life brings her face to face with the most unexpected of circumstances.
Her marriage is fixed and she waits to tie the knot with the ideal groom from an aristocratic family as per the wish of her family. He arrives, but on a wheel chair, to her utter shock and disbelief. It is found that this knowledge was kept away from her.

The groom gives her the liberty to opt out of the marriage, Niru is left decide her own fate... to judge a human being between his being paralytic or on his just & generous nature.

Karunamoyee Rani Rashmoni

Karunamoyee Rani Rashmoni is a Bengali television soap opera that premiered on July 24, 2017 and airs on Zee Bangla. It is produced by Subatra Roy. It stars Ditipriya Roy and Noor in lead roles and Dibyendu Sikdar and Prasenjit Nandy in supporting roles.


Peter Wells (athlete)

Peter Wells (23 May 1929 – 5 January 2018) was a British-born New Zealand athlete. He competed in the High Jump at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics. He also represented England at the 1950 Empire Games in Auckland. He represented New Zealand at the 1954 Commonwealth Games in Vancouver.

Wells was born at Friern Barnet in North London. He died at Christchurch, New Zealand on 5 January 2018 at the age of 88.

Dave Toschi

David Ramon "Dave" Toschi (July 11, 1931 – January 6, 2018) was an American inspector in the San Francisco Police Department. He was born in San Francisco, California. 

Toschi served at the police department from 1952 to 1987. From 1966 to 1978 he was assigned to the S.F.P.D. homicide detail. He was best known for his role as a chief investigator in the Zodiac Killer case, which he and partner, Inspector Bill Armstrong, began to work on after the murder of taxi driver Paul Stine.

Toschi served as the inspiration as Harry Callahan in the movie "Dirty Harry".

Toschi died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on January 6, 2018 in San Francisco at the age of 86.

Bob Bailey

Robert Sherwood Bailey (October 13, 1942 – January 9, 2018) was an American professional baseball third baseman. He was born in Long Beach, California. Bailey played seventeen seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) between 1962 and 1978 for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Los Angeles Dodgers, Montreal Expos, Cincinnati Reds, and Boston Red Sox. 

After the 1966 season, the Pirates traded Bailey and Gene Michael to the Los Angeles Dodgers for Maury Wills.

Bailey died on January 9, 2018 in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 75.

Robert Minlos

Robert Adol'fovich Minlos (; 28 February 1931 – 9 January 2018) was a Soviet and Russian mathematician. He was born in Moscow. Minlos was known for his works to probability theory and mathematical physics. His theorem on the extension of cylindrical measures to Radon measures on the continuous dual of a nuclear space is of fundamental importance in the theory of generalized random processes.

Minlos died on 9 January 2018 in Moscow at the age of 86.


Milton J. Rosenberg

Milton James "Milt" Rosenberg (April 15, 1925 – January 9, 2018) was an American social psychologist. He was born in New York City. He was professor of psychology at the University of Chicago and was the host of a long-running radio program "Extension 720" in WGN in Chicago. He interviewed Henry Kissinger, Carl Sagan, Jimmy Carter, Norman Mailer, Zbigniew Brzezinski, Bill Murray, Jane Byrne, Margaret Thatcher, Roger Ebert and Barack Obama.

Rosenberg died in Chicago on January 9, 2018 of complications from pneumonia at the age of 92.

Eddie Clarke

Edward Allan Clarke (5 October 1950 – 10 January 2018), better known as "Fast" Eddie Clarke, was a British guitarist. He was a member of heavy metal bands Fastway and Motörhead. Of Motörhead's classic lineup, which was made up of Lemmy, himself and Phil "Philthy Animal" Taylor, he was the last surviving member. He was born in London.

Clarke died of pneumonia on 10 January 2018 in London at the age of 67.


Mikhail Derzhavin

Mikhail Mikhajlovich Derzhavin(; 15 June 1936 – 10 January 2018) was a Soviet and Russian actor. He was born in Moscow. He was known for his roles in "They Were the First" (1956), "Three Men in a Boat" (1979), "Investigation Held by ZnaToKi" (1980), "Winter Evening in Gagra" (1985) and in "Old Hags" (2000) as Secretary of the Communist ideology.

Derzhavin died of a long-illness in Moscow on 10 January 2018 at the age of 81.

Doug Barnard Jr.

Druie Douglas Barnard Jr. (March 20, 1922 – January 11, 2018) was an American politician. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Georgia's 10th congressional district from 1977 through 1993. He was born in Augusta, Georgia. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Barnard, Jr. died on January 11, 2018 in Augusta, Georgia of pneumonia at the age of 95.

Edgar Ray Killen

Edgar Ray Killen (January 17, 1925 – January 11, 2018) was an American murderer and Ku Klux Klan organizer.

Killen planned and directed the murders of James Chaney, Andrew Goodman, and Michael Schwerner, three civil rights activists participating in the Freedom Summer of 1964. He was found guilty in state court of three counts of manslaughter on June 21, 2005, the forty-first anniversary of the crime, and sentenced to 60 years in prison. He appealed against the verdict, but the sentence was upheld on April 12, 2007, by the Supreme Court of Mississippi. 

On February 25, 2010, the Associated Press reported that Killen filed a lawsuit against the FBI. The case was dismissed by a judge a year later in February 2011.

Killen died in prison in Parchman, Mississippi on January 11, 2018, six days before his 93rd birthday.

Takis Loukanidis

Takis Loukanidis (, 25 September 1937 – 11 January 2018) was a Greek footballer of the 1950s–60s. He was born in Paranesti, Greece. Loukanidis played for the Greece national football team from 1958 through 1967.

Loukanidis died of a heart attack in Athens, Greece on 11 January 2018 at the age of 80. 

John V. Tunney

John Varick Tunney (June 26, 1934 – January 12, 2018) was an American politician. He was born in New York City. He studied at Yale University and at the University of Virginia. Tunney served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from California's 38th congressional district from 1965 through 1971.

Tunney defeated then-incumbent United States Senator George Murphy in the 1970 election. He became Senator on January 3, 1971 and would serve until January 2, 1977 when he lost to S. I. Hayakawa in the 1976 election.

Tunney died of prostate cancer in Santa Monica, California on January 12, 2018 at the age of 83.


Keith Jackson

Keith Max Jackson (October 18, 1928 – January 12, 2018) was an American sportscaster. He was known for his coverage of college football games. 

Jackson was born Keith Max Jackson in Roopville, Georgia on October 18, 1928. He served in the military of the United States during the Cold War. He studied at Washington State University. In 1952, he married Turi Ann Johnsen.

Jackson was known for his career with ABC Sports (1966–2006), his intelligent yet folksy coverage of college football (1952–2006), and his distinctive voice, with its deep cadence and operatic tone said to be "like Edward R. Murrow reporting on World War II, the voice of ultimate authority in college football."

On January 12, 2018, Jackson died in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California at the age of 89.


Tzimis Panousis

Tzimis Panousis () (12 February 1954 – 13 January 2018) was a Greek musician and stand-up comedian. His albums were rock albums. 

Panousis was been accused by the Central Board of Jewish Communities in Greece of expressing antisemitic views.

Panousis died on 13 January 2018 after suffering a heart attack at his home in Athens at the age of 63. 


Eliyahu Winograd

Eliyahu Winograd () (December 1926 – 13 January 2018) was an Israeli judge. He was born in Tel Aviv. Winograd served as an acting Supreme Court judge in 1996 and was the former president of the Tel Aviv District Court.

Between September 11, 2006 and April 30, 2007, he chaired the Winograd Commission to investigate the failures experienced by Israel during the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict.

Winograd died of respiratory failure on 13 January 2018 in Tel Aviv at the age of 91.


Robert Marchand

Robert Marchand (26 November 1911 – 22 May 2021) was a French centenarian cyclist. He was born in Amiens, France.

At 35 years old, he finished seventh in the Grand Prix des Nations in 1946. He returned to cycling in 1978 and continued training after his 100th birthday. In February 2012, he set a world record in one-hour track cycling in the over-100 age group at . He improved this record to in January 2014.

At the time of his death, was a member of the French Communist Party and the CGT Trade Union. He was the longest serving member alive with over 90 years of membership in the Trade Union.

Marchand retired in January 2018 at the age of 106.

Marchand died on 22 May 2021, six months before his 110th birthday.

Fauja Singh

Fauja Singh BEM (, claims to have 1 April 1911) is a British Sikh supercentenarian marathon runner. He has beaten a number of world records in multiple age brackets, but none of his times have been ratified as records.

His current personal best time for the London Marathon (2003) is 6 hours 2 minutes, and his marathon record, for age 90-plus, is 5 hours 40 minutes at the age of 92, at the 2003 Toronto Waterfront Marathon.

Stanisław Kowalski

Stanisław Kowalski (April 14, 1910 — April 5, 2022) was a Polish Masters athlete. He was born in Torun, Poland. When he competed at the Polish Veterans Championships on June 28, 2015, in Torun he became the world's oldest athlete. 

On that day, Kowalski ran the 100 metres in 34.50, threw the shot put 4.27 and the discus 7.50. By competing in those events, he surpassed the accomplishments of John Whittemore, who competed at 104 years 10 months. M100 world record holder Hidekichi Miyazaki turned 105 on September 22, 2015 and two days later joined Kowalski as the second competitor in the division though Kowalski was 77 days older when he competed.

Kowalski became the oldest living man in Poland after the death of 108 year old Józef Żurek on 20 March 2018. He became a supercentenarian on 14 April 2020.

Kowalski died on April 5, 2022 in Świdnica, Poland nine days before his 112th birthday.

Raage Anuraage

Raage Anuraage () was a hugely popular Bengali television soap opera. It premiered on October 28, 2013. It aired on Zee Bangla. It was produced by Raj Chakraborty Productions. It starred Jeetu Kamal as main male protagonist and Tumpa Ghosh as main female protagonist.

This series was about Mollar and Komol's life. A relation of love and hatred. For some people, music is the driving force of their lives. Mollar, the angry young man and owner of a music a company who have his own rules and principles get linked up with Komol who belonged to such a family where everyone loves music. 18 years old Komol learned her first lessons of music from her father. She faced the most dreaded and unfortunate incident of her life when she ended up marrying a 40 year old Mollar. Mollar falls for Komol and remarried her but they faced many hurdles and overcome them .



Hidekichi Miyazaki

Hidekichi Miyazaki (September 22, 1910 – January 23, 2019) was a Japanese centenarian masters athlete. He was nicknamed Golden Bolt, a name play on Usain Bolt. He was a former official holder of the world record in the M100 100 metres.

On September 23, 2015, the day after his 105th birthday, he became the second person to compete in the 105 year age division following Pole Stanisław Kowalski who competed earlier in the year on June 28.

Miyazaki died on January 23, 2019 from a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 108.

Madonna Buder

Madonna Buder, S.F.C.C. (born Marie Dorothy Buder; July 24, 1930), also known as the Iron Nun, is a Roman Catholic religious sister and Senior Olympian triathlete.

Buder has the current world record for the oldest woman to ever finish an Ironman Triathlon, which she obtained at age 82 by finishing the Subaru Ironman Canada on August 26, 2012.

Star Jalsha

Star Jalsha is a Bengali language General Entertainment Television Channel based in India. It is part of 21st Century Fox's STAR India network. Its programming includes a mix of family dramas, comedies, youth-oriented, reality shows, shows on crime and telefilms. The channel also airs the latest Bengali films. The channel launched its HD feed on 14 April 2016.

The channel is also distributed worldwide by Fox International Channels, a subsidiary of 21st Century Fox.

Star Jalsha was officially launched on 8 September 2008.

On 17 June 2012, Star Jalsha unveiled a refreshed identity, featuring a new logo – a diamond star amidst a fictionalised event show titled "Chalo Paltai" (let’s bring a change).

The characters Jhilik and Pari from the channel's serial "Maa", Pakhi from "Bojhena Se Bojhena", Kiranmala from "Kiranmala" and Baha from "Ishti Kutum" were popular with the audience.

The channel also airs the Star Jalsha Awards to felicitate the characters and programs aired on the channel.

Star Jalsha HD was launched along with Jalsha Movies HD on 14 April 2016, 'Poila Boishakh', the Bengali New Year. They are the first Bengali HD channels in India.




Belfast International Airport

Belfast International Airport is an airport northwest of Belfast in Northern Ireland.


Jessica Falkholt

Jessica Falkholt (15 May 1988 – 17 January 2018) was an Australian actress. She appeared in 16 episodes of the television series "Home and Away" as Hope Morrison in 2016. She was born in Sydney. Her career began after she graduated from the University of New South Wales. 

Falkholt had minor television roles in "Tricky Business" and "". In 2017, she was cast in her first led movie role in the 2018 movie "Harmony". She was set to join the cast of Nine Network's drama "Bite Club".

On 26 December 2017, Falkholt was involved in a car crash which killed both her parents instantly. As the vehicle burst into flames, both Jessica and her sister Annabelle, aged 21, were pulled out of the vehicle alive, but Annabelle later died in Liverpool Hospital, Sydney, a trauma centre in the University of New South Wales. She was hospitalized and placed under critical condition and life-support. She had surgery to remove her kidney and part of her skull. On 12 January 2018, a spokesperson for St George Hospital, (Sydney) confirmed that her life support had been turned off but that she remained in a critical condition. She died five days later on 17 January at the age of 29.

Flag of Morocco

The flag of Morocco was adopted on 17 November 1915. It has a red field with the green pentagram, a five-pointed linear star.

The Moroccan flag is represented by a 5-pointed star (seal of Solomon) on a red background. The green star represents Moroccan tribes, the red background represents ports and airports. This flag symbolizes the opening (green) of the country to tourism after the closure (red). The closure symbolizes Franco-Spanish colonization and the impossibility of generating a climate favorable to tourism.

Flag of Ivory Coast

The flag of Côte d'Ivoire () is a vertical tricolour of orange, white, and green.

Flag of Burkina Faso

The flag of Burkina Faso has two equal horizontal bands of red (top) and green, with a yellow five-pointed star in its center. It was adopted on 4 August 1984.

Flag of Togo

The flag of Togo was created in April 1960.

It has five equal horizontal bands of green (top and bottom) alternating with yellow. There is a white five-pointed star on a red square in the upper hoist-side corner.

Richwiller

Richwiller is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Ei Chheleta Bhelbheleta

Ei Chheleta Bhelbheleta (); was a popular Bengali television Soap Opera that premiered on March 28, 2016 and aired on Zee Bangla. Produced by Magic Moments Motion Pictures, it started Prapti Chatterjee and Somraj Maity in lead roles, Nabanita Malakar in a negative role and Sabitri Chatterjee, Anusuya Majumdar, Shankar Chakraborty and Bharat Kaul in supporting roles. The show Got replaced by a Mythology show Karunamoyee Rani Rashmoni.

The show's unique name has been taken from common Bengali childhood rhyme. It truly captures the free-spirited love and chemistry between the protagonists - Abir and Shaluk. Life takes a turn when introvert city-bred boy 'Abir' meets the vivacious village girl 'Shaluk'. Their unusual friendship clicks in an instant and soon a sweet innocent chemistry develops between the two. Soon they realize their feelings towards each other. Thus, starts the story of their 'first love'. 'Eii Chhele Ta Bhelbhele Ta' is a tale of love, which follows the protagonists through myriad of situations and sees them unite against all odds. The story showcases a pure love story between two teenagers and how their love matures over time and rises above the different obstacles of life.

The show however has a lot of exist undertones too. The lead female character Shaluk is characterized as an all virtuous young lady without any faults .The writers and producers of the show, portray female lead characters idealistically instead of celebrating their faults as part of normal human nature. The supporting characters on the other hand are extremely blatant and malleable. They never show any strong or original viewpoints, as if the only reason for their casting is to complete a joint Bengali family. The male lead Abir is a polygamist and also narcissistic. He is a postgraduate student in Physics(it remains to be seen how that is possible because he is really stupid); without any source of income while staying in his parents house and without even trying is able to seduce two women to marry him. This is either because the women married him for the family heirloom or testimony to the dystopian mindset of the writers.

Oriental Pearl Tower

The Oriental Pearl Radio & TV Tower is a TV tower in Shanghai. It was the tallest building in China from 1994 to 2007. This tall building in Shanghai, China is used to broadcast television. The tower is 468 meters tall.

The tower is in the Lujiazui neighbourhood in the Pudong New Area of Shanghai. 
At the bottom of the tower, there are three large columns. There are also eleven spheres in the tower of different sizes. The tower is supposed to make the viewer think that pearls are dropping onto a jade plate.


Bojhena Se Bojhena (TV series)

Bojhena Se Bojhena (); () is a Bengali Television Soap Opera That Premiered On November 4, 2013 And Airs On STAR Jalsha . The Soap, produced By Shree Venkatesh Films, is a remake Of Hindi soap "Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?", which aired on STAR Plus. It replaced Star Jalsha's popular show "Tapur Tupur".

Pakhi Ghosh Dastidar (Madhumita Sarkar), daughter of Sharat Ghosh Dastidar (Kushal Chakraborty) and Sumitra Ghosh Dastidar (Reshmi Sen) is a simple and traditional girl from Malda deeply rooted in family values. She believes in the strength of love, relationships, and faith in God. On the other hand, Aranya Singha Roy (Yash Dasgupta) is a rich, arrogant and suave business tycoon with no belief in love or God. His closest emotional bond is with his sister Ananya (Debaparna Chakraborty). Pakhi and Aranya first meet each other at hotel Rajmahal where Pakhi accidently falls from the stage in Aranya's arms. Aranya thinks it as an intentionally effort to blander his occasion. However he locks pakhi in a room and behaves very rudely. Next time he exposed the video of falling Pakhi in his arms through media. For this Piu's marriage breaks and their family faces a great disrespect. Then they move to Kolkata from Maldah. Here Pakhi meets ASR again in a temple and they quarrel again. Pakhi takes a job in the ASR Group of Industries where she signs in a contact of 1 lakh taka with ASR. Meanwhile, she assignes as the P.A of ASR. Day by day Pakhi starts to make many funny things and also causes many problems in the office. ASR also insults her a lot and many times he used to punishes her. Then Anu meets Pakhi and assignes her to take care of Pamela and to make her a proper traditional girl for ASR. Pamela is ASR's college friend and now lives with them as she is going to be married with ASR. ASR feels so disturbed in home too for Pakhi. Circumstances brings them close and they start to feel for each other. They also spend many romantic moments as time gets close. But Krishnendu [Anu's husband] lusts for Pakhi and tries to marry Pakhi. As Pakhi doesn't ever see him, he easily takes proposal to Pakhi's house. At first Pakhi refuses. But on the day of Anu's birthday, ASR tries to kiss her but somehow he controls himself. This makes Pakhi passionate and also shy. Rather ASR insults her a lot and declares his engagement with Pamela. Pakhi gets heartbroken and agrees with the marriage with Krishnendu. Hearing this ASR also feels guilty and heartbroken. He wants to meet Pakhi's would be husband. Anu & Didun congrates Pakhi. Soon Pakhi gets know about Krishnendu's plot and his true identity. Thus she refuses to marry him. Here Pamela somehow tries to do harm to Anu. Knowing that ASR refuses to marry her and send her to London again. However all barriers between them get out.

Again they start to feel for each other deeply. Here Akki & Piu fall for each other. But Pammi doesn't admire Piu as her daughter in law. ASR & Pakhi plan to unite them together. Various interesting incidents start to happening. At last Akki and Piu confront their love to each other. ASR also makes Pammi agree for their marriage. Very soon Pammi's nephew Harry arrives. He is a funny guy and loves to pamper girls. As usual he starts to like Pakhi and runs after her. Pakhi also considered him as friend and spend lots of time with him. This makes ASR jealous and he tries to show his possessivity to her. This time many emotional and romantic incidents take place. Their feelings turns into love.

However Akki & Piu's marriage ceremony starts. In sangeet, surprisingly ASR dances with Pakhi and takes her closer. After that he challenges Pakhi to do the same what he would do. Pakhi accepts the challenge and surprisingly ASR kisses her. As such Pakhi also kisses him unwillingly. Here ASR feels so jealous with Harry. Understanding this Pakhi makes Harry wear "Rakhi" and their relation turns into brother and sister. ASR feels happy and decides to confront his love to Pakhi. Here Krishnendu has been trying to kill Anu to get Pakhi. He always keeps an eye on ASR & Pakhi. On Piu's marriage day, ASR tries to propose Pakhi but he can't succeed. Krishnendu plots against them and calls Pakhi at the roof. Following Pakhi ASR also reaches at the roof and see Pakhi hugging Krishnendu. Though Krishnendu forcefully did that ASR misunderstands Pakhi and starts to hate her.
Aranya decides to tell everything to Anu. But at the vary moment it is known that Anu is pregnant. ASR wants to save her sister's life. Thus he asks Pakhi to marry him only for six months and this is a deal between them. As Pakhi doesn't ready to marry him alone ASR threats him that if she refuses then he will break Akki and Piu's marriage. Finding no other alternative Pakhi agrees and they get married secretly. Everyone gets surprised but admires Pakhi as the daughter in law of Singha Roy family.

Pakhi tries to know the reason behind this marriage. But ASR doesn't reveal the truth. Still ASR loves Pakhi but never expresses that. After a few months Pakhi threats ASR that if he doesn't tell the reason then she will commit suicide. ASR slaps her and speaks out the truth. Pakhi gets shocked and tries to make him understand the truth. But ASR doesn't believe her and goes to London. On his way he is kidnapped by Krishnendu. Pakhi somehow realizes that Aranya is in danger and she reaveals that Krishnendu has kidnapped Aranya. Pakhi shares this with Harry. With Harry's help she finds out ASR. Here ASR realizes his mistake and again takes Pakhi closer. They spend some romantic moments together. After coming back home they reveal the truth to Anu. But she misunderstands them and goes against ASR and Pakhi. At the same time Pamela also comes back to take revenge. After lots of hurdles and efforts ASR and Pakhi succeed to expose Krishnendu before Anu and finally they reunite.

Now Pakhi and Aranya are getting married on the show for the second time after going through lots of hurdles,and planning on exposing Krishnendu. After the wedding Krishnendu's appearance makes everyone shocked. Aranya gets shot and he falls in a river. Police investigate and state that Aranya is dead. Pakhi denies to believe Aranya's post death and acts madly as Aranya is alive. After some time Harry and Gauri get married and everything gets normal except Pakhi's abnormal behaviour.


Premer Phaande

Premer Phande (); was a popular romantic comedy Bengali television Soap Opera that premiered on April 18, 2016 and aired on Zee Bangla, produced by Ravi Ojha Productions and started Mishmee Das as main female protagonist and Rajib Basu as main male protagonist.

The story revolves around the lives of Mohor and Rishi. Rishi belongs to a joint family and works for a matrimonial company. Rishi’s family is very supportive. He is a young lad and being the elder among two brothers, he is loved and pampered by everyone in the family. On the other hand, Mohor is a mature orphan girl. Mohor comes to Kolkata for her job. One fine day, much to his disgust, Mohor joins the matrimonial company as Rishi’s boss. Mohor, who is new in the city, ends up becoming a tenant at Rishi’s house. Rishi’s family likes Mohor very much and his grandmother wants that Rishi should fall in love with Mohor. From here, starts the sweet fun chemistry of Rishi and Mohor, who being the boss troubles Rishi at work and Rishi, being the landlord irritates Mohor at home. This creates a hilarious ruckus due to the unconventional role reversal of Mohor and Rishi. Will this unique chemistry give rise to a sweet love story?

Tumi Asbe Bole

Tumi Asbe Bole was a Popular Bengali television serial which was aired on Bengali GEC STAR Jalsha from Monday to Sunday at 7:00 p.m. The show stars famous actor Rahul Banerjee and popular television actress Sandipta Sen in Lead Roles. Later in 2016 It was remade in Hindi on Star Plus as Silsila Pyaar Ka.

With its name from the famous song "Tumi Asbe Bole" by Nachiketa Chakraborty, Tumi Asbe Bole is a poignant story of a young widow marrying her college senior for the sake of her little daughter.The show also speaks about the basic values of life - love, sacrifice and adjustment.

The soap is about Nandini and Rahul - two young fellows living in Kolkata.Rahul who is unmarried, is a very honest and humble man, though coming from a rich family, he is totally different from the others of his family.He loves his step-mother Rupanjana Debroy, who had once, for her lust of riches, blackmailed Rahul's father into marrying her. On the other hand, Nandini is married and has a child, Jhumjhumi . She is a doting mother and a very responsible woman.

Rahul is deeply in love with Nandini. They were in college together. Rahul had confessed his love to Nandini back then. But Nandini who had always admired Rahul as a senior had never expected a proposal from him. She turned down his love and moved on with her life. Being a conservative girl she chose to marry the man her family suited for her. In the meantime eight years have passed.Rahul has become a businessman and is successful in his professional life . Nandini, on the other hand, has given birth to Jhumjhumi.

In the meantime, Rahul’s sister, Riya falls in love with Nandini’s brother Abhinandan. When Rahul and his family approach Abhinandan’s family for alliance, he meets Nandini again. This unlocks a treasure trove of memories for both as they have not remained in touch over the years. Both feel a little embarrassed by the encounter.

But as fate would have it, Nandini's husband dies in a car accident and Rahul becomes a part of Nandini’s and her daughter’s life. Though reluctant at first, Nandini marries Rahul for her daughter. But eventually she falls in love with Rahul too and discovers the secret of the Debroy family - how terrible Rupanjana can be and how she has come to be the head of the Debroy family, pretending to be a good mother. Nandini discovers the true character of Rupanjana - a lady, who would not hesitate to remove even her own children from her life, in order to achieve her dreams. Nandini realises that Rupanjana is actually using Rahul for her own sake and so she vows to save Rahul and Jhumjhumi from Rupanjana.

Bodhu Kon Alo Laaglo Chokhe

Bodhu Kon Alo Laaglo Chokhe (); was a Bengali television serial which used to air on GEC Star Jalsha. It was produced by "Shree Venkatesh Films" and started "Payel Dey" and "Sourav Chakraborty" in the lead roles.
The serial takes its name from a song from the dance drama Chitrangada,by Tagore.This is a story of a beautiful girl name Aalo and the various ups and downs she goes throughout her life. A failed marriage caused Aalo to attempt suicide but the twist of fate brought Sourav to her. Aalo accepts to nurture Sourav’s daughter Icche, who suffers from an incurable disease. Though Aalo and Sourav care for each other they never represented themselves as ideal married couple as both of them are traumatized with their past experience of marriage.

Miguel Díaz-Canel

Miguel Mario Díaz-Canel Bermúdez (born 20 April 1960) is a Cuban politician. He is the 19th and current President of Cuba since 10 October 2019. He is also the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Cuba since 19 April 2021. Before He was president of the council state of Cuba from 2018 to 2019. He was also the First Vice President of the Council of State and Council of Ministers from 2013 to 2018. He has been a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Cuba since 2003.

Díaz-Canel Bermúdez served as Minister of Higher Education from 2009 to 2012; he was promoted to the post of Vice President of the Council of Ministers (deputy Prime Minister) in 2012. A year later, on 24 February 2013, he was elected as First Vice President of the Council of State.

Díaz-Canel Bermúdez was close with Raúl Castro and many knew when Castro retired, he would have been the likely successor when he retired in April 2018. He was sworn-in as President a day before his 58th birthday. In April 2021, he replaced Castro as First Secretary of the Communist Party of Cuba.

Anerood Jugnauth

Sir Anerood Jugnauth GCSK, , QC, MP, PC (29 March 1930 – 3 June 2021) was a Mauritian politician. He was both President and Prime Minister of Mauritius. He was a Member of Parliament for Piton & Riviere Du Rempart.

Coming from a family of Indian origin, he was born at the Cave in Vacoas. He studied at La Palma Elementary School and High School at Regent College and New Eton College. A lawyer by training, he worked in 1951 in the Department of Justice. In 1964 he was elected to the municipal council of his village, La Palma.

He was a member of the Mouvement Militant Mauricien (MMM), and becomes its president, the secretary general being Paul Berenger. He became prime minister in 1982 following the success of the MMM. But in 1983, dissensions within the party led to a break-up of the MMM and the dissolution of the government in 1983. Twelve of his ministers, including Paul Berenger, resigned from the government. Anerood Jugnauth founded the Socialist Militant Movement (MSM) and built an alliance with the Labor Party of Mauritius on the one hand, and with the Mauritian Social Democrat Party (PMSD), Gaétan Duval, on the other. This alliance won the general elections held in 1983 and 1987. A coalition in 1990 with the MMM, sealing the occasional reunion between these two formations, allows him to win the elections of 1991, while the island prepares to abolish the monarchy to become a republic.

He remained prime minister until 1995. From 1982 to 1995, during which he led the Mauritian government, Mauritius experienced a profound economic evolution. In particular, from 1984 to 1988, the growth rate is around 7%. These are years of economic boom with the creation of a local industry. He had as Minister of Economy and Finance, successively in his various governments, Paul Berenger and Vishnu Lutchmeenaraidoo and Rama Sithanen.

He was Prime Minister after the elections of September 2000, then after 3 years, as agreed, ceded his position to his ally of the militant Movement Mauritian, Paul Berenger.

In October 2003, he became President of the Republic. In this republic born in 1992, the president has no decision-making power: his role is the symbolic representation of Mauritius abroad. The holder of the executive power is therefore the Prime Minister, a position he held for 12 years. He resigned from the presidency in March 2012.

In 2007, he threatened to leave the Commonwealth to protest the UK's treatment of Chagos residents. He said he could take the United Kingdom to the International Court of Justice over the fate of the islanders. The Chagos Islands, a British colony in the Indian Ocean, were leased to the United States in the 1960s to build a military base. The inhabitants were driven out and the government says they can not come back, but have obtained British citizenship. Most people live in poverty in Mauritius, or as refugees in the UK. The American base was built on the large island of Diego Garcia in the Chagos Archipelago. Mauritius claims the islands as part of its territory, and he claimed that his country was forced by the British to accept the Chagossians as a condition for independence.

On March 30, 2012, he announced his resignation, which took effect the next day, because of his disagreement with the members of the government.

He won the parliamentary elections in December 2014.

On January 21, 2017, he announced his resignation in a televised speech. On January 23, 2017, he is replaced by the Minister of Finance, his son, Pravind Jugnauth.

Jugnauth died in Floréal, Mauritius on 3 June 2021, aged 91.

Fletcher Thompson

Standish Fletcher Thompson (February 5, 1925 – September 13, 2022) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1967 to 1973 from the 5th Congressional District of Georgia.


Benjamin B. Blackburn

Benjamin Bentley Blackburn (born February 14, 1927) is an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative from Georgia, who served from 1967 to 1975.

In 1966, Blackburn was elected as a Republican to the Ninetieth Congress, having narrowly defeated freshman incumbent James MacKay by 360 votes. In that same election fellow Republican Bo Callaway challenged the Democrat Lester Maddox. Blackburn was reelected to Congress in the three succeeding terms but was unsuccessful in a campaign for reelection in 1974.

Blackburn served as president of the Southeastern Legal Foundation from 1976 until 1985. In 1982, he ran for Governor of Georgia, but was defeated in the Republican primary by State Senator Bob Bell. Bell then lost in the general election to the Democrat Joe Frank Harris.


Jack Thomas Brinkley

Jack Thomas Brinkley (December 22, 1930 – January 23, 2019) was an American politician, educator and lawyer.

Brinkley's political career began as a one term in the Georgia House of Representatives from 1965–1966 and eight consecutive terms in the U.S. House of Representatives beginning in 1967 and ending in 1983 when he chose not to run for re-election.

Brinkley died on January 23, 2019 in Columbus, Georgia from a heart attack at the age of 88.

Elliott H. Levitas

Elliott Harris Levitas (born December 26, 1930) is an American politician. He is a former U.S. Representative from Georgia's 4th congressional district. Levitas was elected to the Georgia House of Representatives in 1964 and served from 1965 to 1974.


J. Roy Rowland

James Roy Rowland Jr. (February 3, 1926 – April 25, 2022) was an American politician and physician. 

Rowland served as a member of the Georgia House of Representatives from 1976 through 1982. He was first elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1982 when he defeated Billy Lee Evans, who had accepted illegal campaign contributions. Rowland served six terms in Congress, from January 3, 1983, to January 3, 1995, and did not seek renomination in 1994.

Rowland died on April 25, 2022 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 96.

Cato Street conspiracy

The Cato Street conspiracy was an attempt to murder all the British cabinet ministers and Prime Minister Lord Liverpool in 1820. Cato Street was their meeting-place, near Edgware Road in London. 

The police had an informer. The plotters fell into a police trap. 13 were arrested, and one policeman was killed. Five conspirators were executed, and five others were transported to Australia. 

How widespread the Cato Street conspiracy was is uncertain. It was a time of unrest; rumours abounded. Chase notes that, "the London-Irish community and a number of trade societies, notably shoemakers, were prepared to lend support, while unrest and awareness of a planned rising were widespread in the industrial north and on Clydeside".

Flag of Senegal

The flag of Senegal () has three equal vertical bands of green, yellow, and red, with a five-pointed green star in its center.

Flag of Niger

The flag of Niger was adopted on 23 November 1959.

It uses the national colors of orange, white and green, in equal horizontal bands, with an orange rondel in the center.

Flag of Norway

The flag of Norway is deep red with a dark blue cross outlined in white. The red, white and blue colors are inspired by the flags of France, United Kingdom and the United States. The colors represent liberty and independence. The flag was created in 1821 by Fredrik Meltzer, who was a member of Norway's parliament, but it wasn't flown until 1899, when Norway and Sweden ended their union. 

Flag of Iceland

The flag of Iceland has a white-fimbriated red Nordic cross on a blue field.

Riedisheim

Riedisheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. In 2015, 12,151 people lived there.



Tschiertschen-Praden

Tschiertschen-Praden is a municipality of the district Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It started on 1 January 2009 when Praden and Tschiertschen combined.

Flag of Somalia

The flag of Somalia was created in 1954. It has a single white five-pointed star centered on a light blue field.

Hashem Asad Allah

Hashem Asad Allah (Arabic:هاشم أسد الله)(Born 15 December 1985) is a Kuwaiti actor, producer and presenter at Alrai TV.
In 2005, he started his career as a presenter in Alrai TV. He is an actor but he best known as a presenter because he has anchored several shows in Kuwait’s Alrai TV channel over the past 13 years.

Kache Aye Shoi

Kache Aye Shoi (English: Come close, my friend) was a Bengali television serial which used to air on Zee Bangla. It starred Chandini Saha and Gourob Roy Chaudhary in lead roles.

Tumi Robe Nirobe

Tumi Robe Nirobe () was a Bengali television soap opera which aired on Bengali General Entertainment Channel Zee Bangla. The show telecasted Monday through Saturday at 8:30 p.m.

The plot revolves around the love story of two special people, Jheel (Shweta Bhattacharya) and Sanju (Shubhankar Saha). They are both deaf and mute. Jheel is the lead dancer of a group called Taal. This dance group is again special because all the performers of this group are deaf and mute. Jheel has a sister Dighi who is also deaf and mute. These two orphan sisters are trying to live their lives against all odds. In the course of time Jheel and Sanju meet through Sanju's father (Arjun Chakraborty). How Jheel and Sanju develop the most special relationship is the story of "Tumi Robe Nirobe".



Rannaghor

Rannaghor is a Popular cookery show which airs on Zee Bangla. It is hosted by Sudipa Mukherjee. Sometimes in the special episodes, it had also been hosted by film personalities, such as Sonali Chowdhury and Manali Dey. It is the third longest-running Indian television series.
Everyday a person is invited to the show who prepares a certain item.
Many eminent figures of Bengal including Raja Narayan Deb, Srabanti Chatterjee, Tanusree Chakraborty, Usha Uthup Koel Mallick Dev and others have appeared in the show..

2018 Hawaii false missile alert

On January 13, 2018, a false ballistic missile alert was issued by the Emergency Alert System and Commercial Mobile Alert System over television, radio, and cellphones in the U.S. state of Hawaii. The alert said that there was an incoming ballistic missile threat to Hawaii, advised residents to seek shelter, and said "this is not a drill". 

The message was sent at 8:07 a.m. HST. 38 minutes later a second message was sent describing the first as a "false alarm". State officials later blamed a button pushed in error during a shift change at the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency for the false first message.

Governor David Ige publicly said he was sorry for the false alert. The United States Federal Communications Commission and the Hawaii House of Representatives announced investigations into the incident.

Doodhnath Singh

Doodhnath Singh (17 October 1936 – 12 January 2018) was an Indian Hindi language writer, critic, playwright, editor and poet. He was born in Ballia district of Uttar Pradesh. Singh did his masters in Hindi from the University of Allahabad. He served as an assistant professor there till 1994. In 2014, the Government of Uttar Pradesh honoured him with their Bharat Bharti Samman.

Some of Singh's well known works were "Sapaat Chehre Wala Aadmi", "Aakhri Kalaam", "Nishkaasan," "Bhai Ka Shok Geet", "Dharmakshetra-Kurukshetra" and "Surang se Lautate Huye". He also authored three collections of poems, "Ek Aur Bhi Aadmi Hai", "Agli Shatabdi Ke Naam" and "Yuva Khusboo". He was also a literary critic.

Singh died on 12 January 2018 in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh of prostate cancer at the age of 81.

Yılmaz Onay

Yılmaz Onay (April 20, 1937 – January 9, 2018) was a Turkish author, artist, theatre director, playwright and translator. He was born in Gaziantep, Turkey.

He translated plays, which most of them are known plays of Bertolt Brecht, stories, novels, books of poems and non-fiction books from German to Turkish and write plays and novels; all published.

As a director, he staged most of Brecht’s works, in a theatre called Epic Theatre which he was one of the frontiers of this theatre movement in Turkey. He was known for staging a known play "Fear and Misery of the Third Reich" written by Brecht.

Onay died in Gaziantep of stomach cancer on January 9, 2018 at the age of 80.


Stephane Gauger

Stephane Gauger (August 30, 1969 – January 11, 2018) was a Vietnamese-born American movie director, screenwriter, and cinematographer. He was born in Ho Chi Minh City. He was raised in Orange County, California. He was best known for his movies "Owl and the Sparrow", "Saigon Electric" and "Chinatown Squad". 

Gauger was a nominee of the Breakthrough Director Award at the 2007 Gotham Awards and the John Cassavetes Award at the 2008 Independent Spirit Awards (for his work with "Owl and the Sparrow" (2007)). 

On January 11, 2018, Gauger died of a stroke in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam at the age of 48.

Claude Lelouch

Claude Barruck Joseph Lelouch (; born 30 October 1937) is a French movie director, writer, cinematographer, actor and producer. He was born in Paris, France. He is known for his work in the musical epic "Les Uns et les Autres" (1981). He also directed "C'était un rendez-vous". He won two Academy Awards for Best Foreign Movie and for Original Screenplay.

In 1993, he was the President of the Jury at the 18th Moscow International Film Festival.

Tschiertschen

Tschiertschen is a village in the municipality of Tschiertschen-Praden of the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

The formerly independent municipality merged with Praden to form Tschiertschen-Praden on January 1, 2009.

Flag of Gabon

The flag of Gabon has three horizontal bands of green, gold, and blue.

Flag of Eswatini

The flag of Eswatini was adopted on October 6, 1968.

It has a horizontal bands of blue (top and bottom) and the yellow-edged red (triple width) with the large black and white Nguni shield covering two spears and the staff decorated with the feather tassels called "injobo" (tassels-bunches of feathers of the widowbird and the lourie) all centered horizontally of the red band.

Spanky Manikan

Spanky Manikan (March 22, 1942 – January 14, 2018) was a Filipino actor for theater, movie and television. He was born in Manila. 

Manikan was known for his roles as Orly in "Himala" (1981) and as NAVA in the 1986 movie "Behind Enemy Lines", co-starring David Carradine. He won the Metro Manila Film Festival Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Himala" in 1982. At the time of his death, Manikan was starring as Mr. Jang in the drama series "My Love from the Star".

Manikan died of lung cancer on January 14, 2018 in Manila at the age of 75.

Flag of Namibia

The flag of Namibia was adopted on 21 March 1990 upon independence from South Africa. It was designed by Frederick Brownell.

It has a white-edged red diagonal band radiating from the lower hoist-side corner. The upper triangle is blue, charged with a gold sun with 12 triangular rays and the lower triangle is green.

Mohammed Hazzaz

Mohammed Hamid Hazzaz named also Hamid El-Hazzaz (30 November 1945 – 13 January 2018) was a Moroccan football goalkeeper. He also played for MAS Fez.

Hazzaz died on 13 January 2018 at the age of 72.

Flag of Rwanda

The flag of Rwanda was adopted on October 25, 2001. It has a horizontal tricolour of blue (double width), yellow and green, with a yellow sun in the upper-fly side corner.

Jeraldine Saunders

Jeraldine Saunders (born Geraldine Loretta Glynn; September 3, 1923 – February 26, 2019) was an American television writer, columnist, model and lecturer. She was born in Los Angeles. Saunders was best known as the creator of "The Love Boat", an ABC Television series. She was the columnist of Omarr’s Astrological Forecast, a nationally syndicated horoscope column.

Saunders was involved in a homicide investigation in 1968, when she discovered her fiance, actor Albert Dekker dead in his Hollywood home. The death was ruled to be accidental. 

Saunders died from complications of kidney stone surgery on February 26, 2019 in Los Angeles, aged 96.

Albert Dekker

Albert Dekker (December 20, 1905 – May 5, 1968) was an American character actor and politician. He was best known for his roles in "Dr. Cyclops", "The Killers", "Kiss Me Deadly", and "The Wild Bunch". He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He served as a member of the California State Assembly from 1945 through 1947 as a Democrat.

Dekker was found dead at his home in Hollywood, California by his fiancée Jeraldine Saunders on May 5, 1968. He was 62 years old. He was naked, kneeling in the bathtub, with a noose tightly wrapped around his neck and looped around the shower curtain rod. His death was ruled to be an accidental case of erotic asphyxiation.

Dekker has a star, in the motion picture category, on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6620 Hollywood Boulevard.


Stephen Milligan

Stephen David Wyatt Milligan (12 May 1948 – 7 February 1994) was a British Conservative politician and journalist. He was elected to serve as Member of Parliament (MP) for Eastleigh in 1992. 

Milligan was Parliamentary Private Secretary to Jonathan Aitken, Minister of State for Defence, and was regarded as a "rising star" of the Conservative Party.

Milligan was found dead in his house in Chiswick, London, in February 1994, apparently self-strangled by the use of an electrical cord during an act of autoerotic asphyxiation.

William Howard Taft High School (Chicago)

William Howard Taft High School is a public 4–year high school in the Norwood Park neighborhood on the northwest side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. Taft allows students from Norwood Park, Edison Park, Jefferson Park, Forest Glen and O'Hare to attend. 

Taft is operated by the Chicago Public Schools district. The school is perhaps most famous as the high school attended by Jim Jacobs, the writer of "Grease". Jacobs used Taft as an inspiration in writing the musical. 

Since 2014, Taft High School has been considered a "wall-to-wall" IB school as part of the International Baccalaureate foundation. Taft high school has offered the International Baccalaureate program since 2001.

Lane Technical College Prep High School

Lane Technical College Preparatory High School (also known as Lane Tech) is a public 4-year selective enrollment magnet high school located in the Roscoe Village neighborhood in North Center, Chicago, United States. It is a part of the Chicago Public Schools district. Lane is one of the oldest schools in the city and has an enrollment of over four thousand students, making it the largest high school in Chicago.

Mark Herring

Mark Rankin Herring (born September 25, 1961) is an American lawyer. He was the 47th Attorney General of Virginia from 2014 to 2022. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He served in the Senate of Virginia since a 2006 special election. He represented the 33rd district, made up of parts of Fairfax and Loudoun counties.

In December 2018, Herring announced his plans to run for Governor of Virginia in the 2021 election. However; later decided to run for re-election as State Attorney General. He lost his re-election campaign in November 2021 to Republican Jason Miyares.

In the wake of Ralph Northam's controversy over blackface pictures appearing on his yearbook page, Herring admitted to also wearing blackface. Herring, like Northam, resisted calls to resign.

Victoria, Grenada

Victoria is a town in Grenada. It is the capital of the parish of Saint Mark and after St. George's, Gouyave and Grenville the country's fourth largest town.

Steve Smith (cricketer)

Steven Peter Devereux Smith (born 2 June 1989) is an Australian cricketer. He is a former captain of the Australian national team.
, Smith is the top-ranked Test batsman in the world, according to the ICC Player Rankings. On 30 December 2017 he reached a Test batting rating of 947, the second-highest of all time only behind Don Bradman's 961. He is regarded as one of the best batsmen in the world. He plays for New South Wales and Sydney Sixers in domestic cricket.

Although he was initially selected for Australia as a right-arm leg spinner, Smith now plays primarily as a batsman. After a few tests in 2010 and 2011, he has been a regular player in the Australian team since 2013, and took over captaincy from Michael Clarke in late 2015. Since then he has primarily batted at number 4.

Awards he has won include the Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy (ICC Cricketer of the Year) in 2015; ICC Test Player of the Year in 2015, 2017; the Allan Border Medal for the best player in Australian Cricket in 2015, 2018; Australian Test Player of the Year: 2015, 2018 and Australian One Day International Player of the Year: 2015. He was named by "Wisden" as one of their Cricketers of the Year for 2015. In 2014, Martin Crowe described Smith as one of the young "Fab Four" of Test Cricket along with Joe Root, Kane Williamson and Virat Kohli.

In March 2018, Smith was widely criticised for overseeing ball tampering in the third Test against South Africa. Following an investigation by Cricket Australia, Smith was banned from all international and domestic cricket for one year, and will not be considered for a leadership role for another year after that.

Smith was born in Sydney to an Australian father, Peter, who has a degree in chemistry and works with pigments and waxes, and an English mother, Gillian.

In March 2018, Smith was widely criticised for overseeing ball tampering in the third Test against South Africa.

Following an investigation by Cricket Australia, Smith was banned from international cricket for 12 months, and will not be considered for a leadership role for 12 months after that.


Doug Harvey (umpire)

Harold Douglas Harvey (March 13, 1930 – January 13, 2018) was an American umpire in Major League Baseball (MLB). He worked in the National League (NL) from 1962 through 1992. He was born in South Gate, California but was raised in San Diego, California.

Harvey umpired five World Series and six All-Star Games. His career total of 4,673 games ranked third in major league history at the time of his retirement. He was the ninth umpire to be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame.

On January 13, 2018, Harvey died at the age of 87. He was under hospice care in Visalia, California. He had been suffering from esophageal cancer.

Jean Porter

Bennie Jean Porter (December 8, 1922 – January 13, 2018) was an American actress. She was born in Cisco, Texas. She was known for her roles in "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" (1938) and "One Million B.C." (1940).

Porter was active throughout the 1940s. She appeared in almost 30 movies with MGM stars like Esther Williams, Mickey Rooney and the comedy duo Abbott & Costello. In the 1950s, Porter appeared mainly in television series such as "The Red Skelton Show", "Sea Hunt", and "77 Sunset Strip". She retired from acting in 1961.

Porter died in Canoga Park, California of natural causes, at the age of 95.


Engels, Saratov Oblast

Engels is a city located in Saratov Oblast, Russia. It was founded in 1747. It's a port connected with Saratov over Volga River with a bridge.

It was previously known as "Pokrovskaya sloboda" (until 1916), "Pokrovsk" (until 1931-1933).

Engels is a sister city of

Saratov Oblast

Saratov Oblast (, "Saratovskaya oblast") is a administrative division of Russia. 

Saratov Oblast is located in southeast of European Russia, in northern part of Lower Volga region and borders are:


In terms of people, population of this oblast: 2,521,892 (2010).

Ethnic composition (2010):

A 2012 survey showed these are the major religions in the oblast:


Nina Turner

Nina Turner (born December 7, 1967) is an American progressive politician. Turner, a Democrat, served as a member of the Ohio State Senate from 2008 to 2014, and was elected to be the chamber’s Minority Whip in the 129th General Assembly. 
Turner has been seen as a rising star in the Democratic Party. She endorsed Bernie Sanders for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 and became an active supporter for him. 

Turner is President of the Sanders-affiliated group Our Revolution in 2017, taking over from former Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver.

After Marcia Fudge was selected as Biden's nomination for Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Turner filed paperwork to run for in the special election for Ohio's 11th congressional district. She lost the election to Shontel Brown. In January 2022, she said she would run against Brown in the Democratic primary for that same district's 2022 election cycle. She lost to Brown again in the May primary.

Jim Hightower

James Allen Hightower (born January 11, 1943) is an American columnist, progressive political activist, and author. From 1983 to 1991, he served as elected commissioner of the Texas Department of Agriculture during the Governships of Mark White and Bill Clements. He was born in Denison, Texas.

Hightower had endorsed Bernie Sanders for President of the United States in 2016, actively campaigning for the Democratic candidate.

Doreen Tracey

Doreen Isabelle Tracey (April 13, 1943 – January 10, 2018) was an American performer and actress. She was known for appearing on the original "Mickey Mouse Club" television show from 1955 to 1958. She was born in London, England.

Tracey died of pneumonia complicated from cancer on January 10, 2018 in Thousand Oaks, California, at the age of 74.

Cyrille Regis

Cyrille Regis, MBE (9 February 1958 – 14 January 2018) was an English international footballer. He played as a forward.

His professional playing career lasted 19 years, where he made 614 league appearances and scored 158 league goals, most notably at West Bromwich Albion and Coventry City. He also won five caps for the England national team.

Regis was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2008 Birthday Honours.

Regis died of cardiac arrest on 14 January 2018 at the age of 59.

Northerly Island

Northerly Island is a man-made peninsula along Chicago's lakefront. 

The site of the Adler Planetarium, Northerly Island connects to the mainland through a narrow isthmus along Solidarity Drive made-up by Neoclassical sculptures of Kościuszko, Havliček and Copernicus. With the demolition of Meigs Field Airport, it is now a part of the Museum Campus and has been made into parkland. 

A semi-temporary concert venue, the Huntington Bank Pavilion occupies part of the site of the former airport.

Birobidzhan

Birobidzhan (; Yiddish: ביראָבידזשאַן‎) is a town in Russia. It is the administrative center of the Jewish Autonomous Oblast, located on the Trans-Siberian railway, close to the Chinese border. As of 2019, 73,129 people lived there.


Ray Anthony

Ray Anthony (born January 20, 1922) is an American bandleader, trumpeter, songwriter and actor. He is the last surviving member of the Glenn Miller Orchestra.

From 1953 to 1954 Anthony was the musical director of the television series "TV's Top Tunes", and he also appeared as himself in the 1955 movie "Daddy Long Legs".

In 1957, Anthony and his orchestra recorded the music score for the movie "This Could Be The Night", with vocals performed by Julie Wilson.

Anthony's compositions include "Thunderbird", "The Bunny Hop", "Trumpet Boogie", "Big Band Boogie", and "Mr. Anthony's Boogie".

Anthony was a close friend of the late Hugh Hefner and appeared in many episodes of "The Girls Next Door".


DARPA

The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is an agency of the United States Department of Defense responsible for the development of emerging technologies for use by the military.
Currently, DARPA's mission statement is “to make pivotal investments in breakthrough technologies for national security.”

Fritter

A fritter is a fried food. The food is a portion of batter or breading. It is filled with either meat, seafood, vegetables or fruit.

In the United Kingdom, fritters can be with fish and chips. There is also a food item, like an apple ring or a slice of potato.

In the United States, fritters are small cakes made with a primary ingredient; it is then mixed with an egg and milk batter. The fritters are pan-fried or deep-fried. Corn fritters are made with corn and are generally deep fried. Apple fritters are well known in America; the contemporary apple fritter in America is not like the British one. 

Ke Apon Ke Por

Ke Apon Ke Por is a Bengali Drama series that airs on Star Jalsha and Star Jalsha HD at 7:30 PM every day. Pallabi Sharma plays the role of protagonist Joba having garnered tremendous viewer appraisal. Bishwajit Ghosh plays Param, the other half of a well-loved screen-couple.

The show comes from Boyhood Productions, one of the leading production houses in Kolkata.

Ke Apon Ke Por focuses on the journey of a girl that started out as a domestic help and went on to establish herself as someone who’s well suited to be the daughter-in-law of the household and a Lawyer by profession. Alternatively, what forms the core of the show is also reflected in the beautiful love story between Joba and the son of the very affluent family, Param. 

This story also brings to light the trials of a joint family where sons and daughters try to break away. Joba however, still tries to hold the family together. As parents try to build a family with a lot of love and care, sons and daughters grow up to be selfish and remain concerned only about parents’ money and property. As parents fear divisive tendencies in the family, circumstances get Param and Joba to tie the knot. Siblings rot over possibilities of paternal property going entirely to Joba and Param and eventually seize riches and drive the parents out. Param and Joba toil endlessly to hold pieces of the family together.

In the recent past, the story has taken a successful leap as Joba and Param face the bitter-sweet realities of being parents to kids that continue to grow up and grow apart. The show is also simultaneously establishing the position of Itu who happens to resemble Joba in more ways than one. Fate intervenes and Itu gets married to Sarthak, Joba and Param’s Son. 



Rozendaal

Rozendaal is a village and municipality in the Province of Gelderland, the Netherlands.

About 1,500 people were living in the municipality in 2017.

Rozendaal lies at the southern edge of the nature reserve of the Veluwe, and consists of heath and forests.

The village is just northeast of the city of Arnhem, and borders the village of Velp.



Jean-Louis Koszul

Jean-Louis Koszul (; January 3, 1921 – January 12, 2018) was a French mathematician. He was born in Strasbourg, France. Koszul was best known for studying geometry and discovering the Koszul complex. From 1980 until his death, Koszul was a member of the French Academy of Sciences.

Koszul died on January 12, 2018 in Paris at the age of 97.


Masahito, Prince Hitachi

Prince Hitachi is mainly known for philanthropic activities and his research on the causes of cancer.

Prince Hitachi and his wife Princess Hitachi have their official residence in a palace in large gardens off Komazawadori in Higashi, Shibuya. They have no children.


Atsuko Ikeda

, formerly , is the widow of Marquis and fourth daughter of Emperor Shōwa and Empress Kōjun. She is the older sister of Emperor Akihito. She married Takamasa Ikeda on 10 October 1952. As a result, she gave up her imperial title and left the Japanese Imperial Family, as required by law.


Dolores O'Riordan

Dolores Mary Eileen O'Riordan (; 6 September 1971 – 15 January 2018) was an Irish musician and singer-songwriter. She led the rock band The Cranberries for thirteen years before the band took a break starting in 2003, reuniting in 2009.

Her first solo album "Are You Listening?" was released in May 2007 and was followed up by "No Baggage" in 2009. She was known for yodeling and for her strong Limerick accent. 

O'Riordan appeared as a judge on RTÉ's "The Voice of Ireland" during the 2013/14 season. In April 2014 O'Riordan joined Jetlag (now called D.A.R.K.) and began recording new material. 

In May 2017, O'Riordan said that she had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.

O'Riordan, who was drunk, accidentally drowned in her London hotel room on 15 January 2018 at the age of 46.

Bobby Rush

Bobby Lee Rush (born November 23, 1946) is an American politician, civil rights leader and pastor. Rush is the U.S. Representative for . He was first elected in 1992 and took office in 1993. He retired in 2023. The district was located in the South Side of Chicago. 

A member of the Democratic Party, Rush is the only politician to have defeated Barack Obama in an election, which he did in the 2000 Democratic primary for Illinois' 1st congressional district.

A civil rights activist during the 1960s, Rush became radicalized for a period and founded the Illinois chapter of the Black Panthers.

In 1999, Rush ran for Mayor of Chicago, but lost in the Democratic primary to incumbent Richard M. Daley.

In 2015, Rush endorsed Mayor Rahm Emanuel in Emanuel's run-off reelection campaign against Jesus "Chuy" Garcia.

On January 3, 2022, he announced that he was retiring from the U.S. House of Representatives.


Danny K. Davis

Daniel K. Davis (born September 6, 1941) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for , serving since January 1997. Davis is a member of the Democratic Party.

Davis is a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, Progressive Caucus, and Democratic Socialists of America.

Davis was one of 31 U.S. Representatives who voted against counting the electoral votes from Ohio in the 2004 presidential election.


Bobby Rush (musician)

Bobby Rush (born November 10, 1933) is a Grammy Award-winning American blues musician, composer and singer. His style is made of elements of blues, rap and funk. He was born in Homer, Louisiana, but was raised in Pine Bluff, Arkansas and in Chicago, Illinois.

In 2007, he became the first blues artist to perform in China, earning him the title “International Dean of the Blues.” He was later named Friendship Ambassador to the Great Wall of China after performing the largest concert ever held at that site.

Rush has been awarded 17 blues music awards in his lifetime, and in 2006 he was added into the Blues Hall of Fame.

The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Rush has won one award from four nominations.

Flag of Sudan

The flag of Sudan () was adopted on 20 May 1970. It has a horizontal red-white-black tricolour, with a green triangle at the hoist.

The flag is based on the Arab Liberation Flag received by Egypt, Iraq, Syria, and Yemen, that uses a subset of the Pan-Arab colors in which green is less significant.

Edwin Hawkins

Edwin Reuben Hawkins (August 19, 1943 – January 15, 2018) was an American gospel musician, pianist, choir master, composer, and arranger. He was born in Oakland, California.

Hawkins (as leader of the Edwin Hawkins Singers) was probably best known for his arrangement of "Oh Happy Day" (1968–69). The Edwin Hawkins Singers made a second foray into the charts exactly one year later, backing folk singer Melanie on "Lay Down (Candles in the Rain)". 

He won four Grammy Awards in 1970, 1971, 1978 and in 1993.

Edwin Hawkins was a Pentecostal. He died of pancreatic cancer at his home in Pleasanton, California at the age of 74.

Erling Mandelmann

Erling Mandelmann (18 November 1935 – 14 January 2018) was a Danish photographer. He began his career as a freelance photojournalist in the mid-1960s. He was born in Copenhagen. He took more than 500 portraits of people, including the 14th Dalai Lama, Noël Coward, Gertrude Fehr, Nina Hagen, Johnny Hallyday, and Prince Hans-Adam of Liechtenstein. His photo-archives have been deposited at the Historical Museum of Lausanne.

Mandelmann died on 14 January 2018 in Paris of an aortic aneurysm at the age of 82.


Viktor Anpilov

Viktor Anpilov (; 2 October 1945 — 15 January 2018) was a Russian hardline Communist politician and trade unionist. He was born in Belaya Glina, Krasnodar Krai. Anpilov joined the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1972. He worked as a Soviet journalist in Latin America. 

In 1990, Anpilov was nominated as candidate for the Congress of People's Deputies and Moscow city Soviet. After the fall of the Soviet Union, Anpilov became the leader of the movement Labour Russia.

During the 1993 Russian constitutional crisis, he was one of the leaders of the anti-Boris Yeltsin uprising. In 2007 he took part in the Dissenters March organized to protest against president Vladimir Putin policies. 

Anpilov died in Moscow of complications from a stroke on 15 January 2018 at the age of 72.


Bella Emberg

Bella Emberg (born Sybil Dyke; 16 September 1937 – 12 January 2018) was a British comedy actress whose career lasted for 60 years. She was born in Brighton, Sussex. She was known for her roles in "The Benny Hill Show", "Softly, Softly", "Z Cars", as well as having small roles in "Grange Hill" and in "The Russ Abbot Show", where she played superheroine Blunderwoman.

Emberg died on the Isle of Wight on 12 January 2018, aged 80.

Ogun State

Ogun State is one of the 36 states in Nigeria. It is presently governed by Ibikunle Amosun and its capital is Abeokuta. The state consists of 20 local government areas including:

Bruno Latour

Bruno Latour (22 June 1947 – 9 October 2022) was a French philosopher. Known for his work in science and technology, Latour has taught at several universities, including École des Mines de Paris, Sciences Po and London School of Economics. Latour has also authored several books, including "Laboratory Life" (1979), "Science in Action" (1987) and "We Have Never Been Modern" (1991). In 2007, he was the tenth most-cited author in the field of social sciences.

Latour received a Ph.D. in theology from Université de Tours. He became interested in anthropology and went to Ivory Coast to do fieldwork for a paper on race and colonies.

In 1982, Latour started teaching at École des Mines de Paris. In 2005, he took the position of Spinoza Chair of Philosophy at the University of Amsterdam. He finished teaching at École des Mines de Paris in 2006 to become a scientific director at Sciences Po. In 2017, he retired from most university activities.

Latour died from pancreatic cancer on 9 October 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 75.


Prithvi Vallabh - Itihaas Bhi, Rahasya Bhi

Prithvi Vallabh - Itihaas Bhi, Rahasya Bhi is an Indian television historical drama. The series will be broadcast on from Sony Entertainment Television (India).

The show will be produced by Anirudh Pathak and the production company Writer's Galaxy. The story is based on the book of Gujarati writer Kanhayalal Munshi This show is the first production of 's sub-branch SET originals. The show will premiere on 20th January 2018.

The story follows the life journey of two kings. , king of Avantipur, a kind of peaceful man and , the neighboring King, who is very cruel.

Prithvi is captured and imprisoned. He falls in love with Tailap's sister Mrinalvati.


Battle of the Dnieper

The Battle of the Dnieper involved about four million troups (Soviet and German). They fought over land and the Dnieper River totalling 870 miles for four months. Soviet army won.

Ashish Sharma

Ashish Sharma is an Indian television actor. Known for his role as Lord Ram in Siya Ke Ram (TV series).

Ashish Sharma was born on August 30 1984 in Jaipur, Rajasthan.He grew up in the pink city with his elder brother and attended the India International School.He then graduated in Fashion Designing from National Institute of Fashion Technology, New Delhi.

Lou Barletta

Louis James Barletta (born January 28, 1956) is an American politician. In 2011, he became the U.S. Representative for . He left the office on January 3, 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party. He served as Mayor of Hazleton, Pennsylvania, from 1999 to 2010.

In August 2017, Barletta announced his candidacy for U.S. Senate. He lost the general election to incumbent Bob Casey, Jr..

In May 2021, he announced his candidacy for Governor of Pennsylvania in the upcoming 2022 election.


Le Haut-Soultzbach

Le Haut-Soultzbach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of north-east France. It started on 1 January 2016 by combining two previous communes, Mortzwiller and Soppe-le-Haut.

Max Labovitch

Max Labovitch (January 18, 1924 – January 14, 2018) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was Jewish. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. He played for the New York Rangers during his entire career.

Labovitch died on January 14, 2018 in Winnipeg at the age of 93.


Joe Frank

Joe Frank (August 19, 1938 – January 15, 2018) was a French-born American radio artist. He was known best for his often philosophical, humorous, surrealist, and sometimes absurd monologues and radio dramas. He was born in Strasbourg, France. He worked for KPFA, WNYC, KCRW, and NPR. 

Frank died of kidney cancer in Santa Monica, California on January 15, 2018 at the age of 79.


Óscar Pérez

Óscar Alberto Pérez (7 April 1981 – 15 January 2018) was a Venezuelan political activist and CICPC investigator, Venezuela's investigative agency. He was a harsh critic of president Maduro's rule in Venezuela politics. He started to be a "rebel" (as he was defined by the NYTimes) against Maduro since the mid 2010.

He was born in Caracas in 1981 and since young he was an activist in the Venezuela politics. He did not like the "Chavism" since the early 2010s, when president Chavez started to show full alliance with Castro's Cuba.
Óscar Pérez was better known for being responsible for the 2017 Caracas helicopter attack during the 2017 Venezuelan protests and the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis.

On 15 January 2018, the Venezuelan army and the Venezuelan National Guard launched an operation to capture Óscar Pérez, who was held up in the western Caracas neighborhood of El Junquito. Pérez resisted the attack. After three hours of shooting, Pérez wanted to surrender but he was shot dead along with his men. His death was confirmed by the Venezuelan police one day later.

The international media and some politicians & citizens all over the world defined what has happened in El Junquito as a «massacre»» and did harsh critics to Maduro & his government. 

Some of the countries were: Bolivia, Brasil, Colombia, with critics from ex-president Andrés Pastrana, USA, with senator Marco Rubio angry comments, Guatemala, Paraguay, Uruguay, Spain and France. Additionally, the main media in Italy (Corriere della Sera, La Stampa, Repubblica, Il Giornale, etc..) for a full week showed in first page the El Junquito massacre news.


Manasha

Manasha is a Mythological Bengali television soap opera that Premiered on 29 January 2018 and airs on Colors Bangla. It is produced by Subatra Roy,Manas it Stars Chandi Saha as the Main Female Protagonist and Aditi Chatterjee,Fahim Mirza,Neil Chatterjee, and Indrajit Majumdar in Supporting Roles. Manasha took the time slot of Colors Bangla's Popular show *"Roopkatha".

It will narrate the story of Goddess Manasha. It is not the story of a vindictive venomous snake-goddess alone but a sad saga of a lonely woman who perpetually gets hurt by the closest male members of her life—her father, her husband and all other celestial men folk, who censor her right to be worshiped as a Goddess.Manasha is the goddess of snakes.
She is the daughter of shiva.Her legends emphasize her erratic temper and despondency deep-rooted by her father loRd shiva's rejection ,her stepmother's hatred and her husband's rejection .Follow the journey of this lonely goddess who perpetually falls victim to male chauvinistic behaviour prevalent among gods.Fighting her own can Manasha win her right to be worshipped as a goddess



Madalena Iglésias

Madalena Lucília Iglésias do Vale de Oliveira (24 October 1939 – 16 January 2018) was a Portuguese actress and singer. She represented Portugal at the Eurovision Song Contest 1966, with the song "Ele e ela". She was born in Lisbon. She also appeared in movies such as "Uma hora de Amor" (1964), "Canção da Saudade" (1964) and in "Sarilho de fraldas" (1966).

Iglésias died in Barcelona, Spain on 16 January 2018 at the age of 78.

Hugh Wilson

Hugh Hamilton Wilson (August 21, 1943 – January 14, 2018) was an American movie and television director and television writer. He was best known as the creator of the TV series "WKRP in Cincinnati" and "Frank's Place", and as the director of the popular movie comedies "Police Academy" and "The First Wives Club". He was born in Miami, Florida. 

In 1988, he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series.

Wilson died on January 14, 2018 in Charlottesville, Virginia at the age of 74 of emphysema.

Oliver Ivanović

Oliver Ivanović (1 April 1953 – 16 January 2018) was a Kosovo Serb politician. He was the president of the civic initiative SDP operating in Kosovo.

Ivanović served as the State Secretary of the Ministry for Kosovo and Metohija from 2008 to 2012. He was also member of the Coordinating Center for Kosovo and Metohija.

Ivanović was arrested in January 2014 on suspicion of war crimes and sentenced to nine years in jail on 21 January 2016 for war crimes by judges from the EULEX Kosovo. However, the Appeals Court in Pristina annulled the guilty verdict on 12 February 2017 and ordered a new trial.

Ivanović was shot six times in a drive-by shooting at 08:15 on 16 January 2018 while entering his office in North Mitrovica. He was 64 years old.

Henry B. Eyring

Henry Bennion Eyring (born May 31, 1933) is an American educational administrator, author, and religious leader. He was born in Princeton, New Jersey. 

After being set apart on January 14, 2018, Eyring is currently the Second Counselor to Russell M. Nelson in the First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). Before, Eyring was the First Counselor to Thomas S. Monson in the First Presidency from 2008 until Monson's death on January 2, 2018. Eyring was the Second Counselor to Gordon B. Hinckley in the First Presidency from October 6, 2007, until Hinckley's death on January 27, 2008. 

Jo Jo White

Joseph Henry White (November 16, 1946 – January 16, 2018) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

White played basketball at the University of Kansas during the Ted Owens coaching era and represented the U.S. Men's Basketball team during the 1968 Summer Olympics.

As a professional, he was best known for his ten-year stint with the Boston Celtics of the NBA, where he led the team towards two NBA championships, played nine seasons, and set a record of 488 consecutive games played.

White was added into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2015.

White was diagnosed with brain cancer in 2010. He died on January 16, 2018 from pneumonia complicated from dementia in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 71.

Tom Heinsohn

Thomas William Heinsohn (August 26, 1934 – November 10, 2020) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. He has worked with the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA) for 60 years as a player, coach and broadcaster. He played for the Celtics from 1956 to 1965, and also coached the team from 1969 to 1978.

Heinsohn was added to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame: one for his playing career in 1986 and a second for his coaching career in 2015.

Heinsohn died on November 10, 2020 in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 86.

Ted Owens (basketball)

Ted Owens (born July 16, 1929) is an American college basketball coach. He was the coach of the University of Kansas men's basketball team from 1964 to 1983. He is the fourth-winningest coach in Jayhawks basketball history. He was born in Hollis, Oklahoma.

Owens was inducted into the Oklahoma Sports Hall of Fame on August 3, 2009.


Paul Gérin-Lajoie

Paul Gérin-Lajoie (February 23, 1920 – June 25, 2018) was a Canadian lawyer, politician and philanthropist.

Gérin-Lajoie was born in Montreal, Quebec. He studied at Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf, the Université de Montréal, and Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar.

Gérin-Lajoie ran unsuccessfully as a Liberal candidate in the riding of Vaudreuil-Soulanges in the 1956 general election and in a 1957 by-election. He was elected in Vaudreuil-Soulanges in the 1960 election and was re-elected in 1962 and 1966.

From 1960 to 1964. he was the Minister of Youth in the cabinet of Jean Lesage and in 1964 became the first person since 1875 to be appointed Minister of Education, serving in that position until 1966.

Gérin-Lajoie was president of the Canadian International Development Agency from 1970 to 1977.

He founded the Paul Gérin-Lajoie Foundation, in 1977, an organization that has helped give the basic education of children.


Air gap (networking)

An air gap, air wall or air gapping is a network security measure employed on one or more computers to ensure that a secure computer network is physically isolated from unsecured networks, such as the public Internet or an unsecured local area network. Air gapped computers are commonly used in classified settings where network usage must be limited or cut off completely. In an air gapped setting a flash drive is used to transfer needed external data.

Bhim Singh Thapa

Bhim Singh Thapa known popularly as Bagh Buda (Translation: Tiger oldie) was a Nepalese military officer. He commanded the battle of Palanchowk in 1959 AD. He died in the battle. After his death, his 11-year-old son Amar Singh Thapa was installed in the army under Marwat policy. He was known for his fighting prowess. He was awarded the personal title of "Bagh", which literally means tiger. 

He was born to Ranajay (Ranjai) Thapa, a resident of Sirhanchowk, Gorkha. He was born in the warrior clan of Bagale Thapa. His son was the famous Nepalese military commander Badakaji Amar Singh Thapa.


Tug of war

Tug of war is a game played by both children and adults, using a rope. A pit of mud can also be used with the rope. The players organize into two teams, and grab on to one side of the rope each. The goal of the game is to pull the other team into the mud pit, or over a marked boundary, like a stick.

Winter Park

Winter Park can mean:


Zofis and Koko

Zofis and Koko are fictional characters from the manga and anime series "Zatch Bell!".
Zofis (ゾフィス, "Zofisu") is a one of Mamodo children who came to Human World to participate in the Mamodo Battle. The first time he appears in Sherry's flashback, in the chapter 54, and later he became the main antagonist of the "Ancient Mamodo" story arc. 
Zofis is very strong and dangerous mamodo who wants to become king at any cost and rule with an iron fist. He likes to command and prefer others to do dirty work for him. Zofis freed the Ancient Mamodos, which were turned into the stone tablets in the previous Mamodo Battle, to create an army for himself.
Zofis main power is explosion, but he have many non-spell abilities that don't require partner to use.

Zofis is short and slim. He has long curly blonde hair, black eyes, soft facial features and dark colored lips. Due to his look, he was mistaken for female by some readers, but author confirmed Zofis is a male. Zofis wears a white robe and a big white hat. His legs are not visible and always hidden under the robe. When Zofis hides under the mask and a purple cape he introduce himself as Milordo-Z (ロード, "Lord").

Zofis appears in episodes: 12, 48, 51, 53-59, 61, 68-71, 74-81, 83-88, 107, 145.

Zofis also appears in videogames:
Koko (ココ, "Koko") is the partner of Zofis. She is a poor girl from France.
When she was a child, she saved Sherry from death and later they became best friends. Koko is kind and gentle, she had no interest in fighting and participating in the Mamodo Battle. But Zofis changed her and made her power-loving, full of hate and envy to her best friend Sherry. But at the same time, Zofis made Koko attached to him, and ready to give her life for him.

Koko has short brown hair and brown eyes but under Zofis' control her eyes changed to purple. Under his control her style are changed too, from casual to sophisticated. 

Zuoz

Zuoz is a municipality of the district Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Lyceum Alpinum Zuoz, a private school, is in Zuoz.


Flag of Madagascar

The flag of Madagascar was adopted on 14 October 1958. It has two horizontal bands of red and green, with a white vertical band on the hoist side.

Flag of Bosnia and Herzegovina

The flag of Bosnia and Herzegovina has a wide medium blue vertical band on the fly side with a yellow right triangle adjacent the band and the top of the flag. The remainder of the flag is medium blue with seven full five-pointed white stars and two half stars top and bottom along the hypotenuse of the triangle.

The three points of the triangle stand for the three constituent peoples of Bosnia and Herzegovina: Bosniaks, Croats, and Serbs.

Riedwihr

Riedwihr () is a former commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Porte-du-Ried.

Karl-Heinz Kunde

Karl-Heinz Kunde (January 6, 1938 – January 15, 2018) was a German former racing cyclist. He was born in Cologne. Kunde started 5 times in the Tour de France, but only finished two times, in 1964, 1965 and 1966. Kunde was nicknamed "Bergfloh" and "Karl, der Kurze" (Karl the short). The French reporters named him "Le petit Kunde" due to his short height.

In 1973 Kunde ended his cycling career, and started a bicycle shop in Cologne.

Kunde died in Cologne on January 15, 2018 at the age of 80.


George Bandy

George Bandy (February 7, 1945 – January 16, 2018) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from the 83rd District, being first elected in 1994. He was born in Opelika, Alabama.

Bandy served on the Lee County Commission, and served as president pro tempore of the Opelika City Council. He has also served as chairman of the Alabama Democratic Conference.

Bandy died on January 16, 2018 in a hospital in Macon, Georgia of pulmonary fibrosis at the age of 72.

Steve Guttenberg

Steven Robert "Steve" Guttenberg (born August 24, 1958) is an American actor, comedian, author, businessman, producer, and director. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He starred in 1984's "Police Academy", and went on to perform in lead roles in Hollywood movies of the 1980s, including "Cocoon", "Three Men and a Baby", "Three Men and a Little Lady", "Short Circuit" and "It Takes Two".


Glen Sather

Glen Cameron "Slats" Sather (born September 2, 1943) is the current advisor and alternate governor of the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL), a post he has held since 2000. He served as President until April 4, 2019.

Khoo Chin-bee

Khoo Chin-bee (born 4 May 1977 in Perak) is a former Malaysian female tennis player.

Khoo has won one singles and nine doubles titles on the ITF circuit in her career. On 15 September 2003, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 329. On 17 August 1998, she peaked at world number 209 in the doubles rankings.

Playing for Malaysia at the Fed Cup, Khoo has a win-loss record of 25-17. Khoo retired from tennis 2009.

Pakistan's Message

Pakistan's Message () is a religious ruling requested by the Government of Pakistan to defeat terrorism. It was prepared by International Islamic University and signed by 1,800 scholars.

Soyarabai

Soyarabai Bhonsle ("née" Mohite) (died 1681) was one of the wives of Shivaji, the founder of Maratha Kingdom in western India. She was the younger sister of Maratha army chief Hambirrao Mohite.

She was married to Shivaji at a very young age in 1642. The marriage took place when Shivaji visited his father Shahaji at Bangalore with his mother Jijabai. After the death of Jijabai in 1674, Soyarabai became more important in Shivaji's family. This was also true for Maratha court politics. Soyarabai had two children with Shivaji, daughter Balibai and son Rajaram.
Shivaji died in 1680 at his capital without naming any successor. In order to continue the empire, Soyarabai got her ten-year-old son, Rajaram as the only legal successor to the throne. But her stepson and heir presumptive Sambhaji, was able to stop this. They got help from Soyrabai's brother, army chief Hambirrao Mohite and put Soyarabai and Rajaram in prison. They took the full power and Sambhaji became the "Chhatrapati" on 20 July 1680. 

After that, she tried all ways to de-throne him. Soyarabai's followers tried to poison Sambhaji in August 1681, but he survived. When he learnt about the plot, he had no other choice but to kill Soyarabai with poison. Many plotters including Soyarabai's relatives of the Mohite family were also slaughtered or trampled by the elephants.

Black Country

The Black Country is a region of the West Midlands in England, west of Birmingham, and commonly refers to all or part of the four Metropolitan Boroughs of Dudley, Sandwell, Walsall and Wolverhampton. 

Jane Manning James

Jane Elizabeth Manning James (May 11, 1813 – April 16, 1908), was one of the first recorded African-American women to live in Utah. She was a member of the Latter Day Saint Church. She lived with Joseph Smith and his family in Nauvoo, Illinois. She traveled with her husband to Utah, spending the winter of 1846–1847 at Winter Quarters. Winter Quarters was a camp where members of the church stayed during the winter. James asked the church leaders to be endowed and sealed. Endowment and sealing are special Mormon rituals for really good members. James was good enough for the rituals, but because she was black, church leaders said that she could not have the endowment. James kept asking, even though they said no. James was adopted as a servant into the Joseph Smith family through a specially created temple ceremony. After her death, she was endowed through another person in 1979.

In 1842, two LDS missionaries were preaching in the Wilton, Connecticut area. One of the missionaries was Charles Wesley Wandell. Ms. James' Presbyterian preacher told her that she could not meet with the missionaries. But she still wanted to listen to them. She wrote, "I went on a Sunday and was fully convinced that it was the true Gospel." James believed what they said. On the next Sunday, she was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. She later met many friends with her new beliefs. James and her family wanted to live near other members of their new faith. So, a year later, James and eight other members of her family moved from Wilton to Nauvoo, Illinois. It was her mother, three brothers, two sisters, and a brother and sister-in-law that moved with her. Wandell helped the group of nine and some other Latter-Day Saints start their journey. But their group had to stay in Buffalo, New York, because they could not pay the ticket price of the train going to Ohio. To get to Ohio, James and her family walked about 800 miles (1287 km). In a book that was written about her life in 1893, James talked about their journey. She said that their shoes broke, their feet hurt and started to bleed. She said, "We walked until our shoes were worn out, and our feet became sore and cracked open and bled until you could see the whole print of our feet with blood on the ground." James and her family were welcomed to Nauvoo by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Over the next year, her family was able to build their own homes. But James lived with Joseph Smith's family in Nauvoo until Smith's death in 1844.

Alma, Arkansas

Alma is a city in Crawford County, Arkansas, United States.

Kevin J Worthen

Kevin J Worthen (born April 15, 1956) is the 13th and current president of Brigham Young University (BYU). He is also in the leadership of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He is an area seventy, which means that he helps watch over many church members. Before he became the president of BYU, Worthen was the advancement vice president and the dean of the J. Reuben Clark Law School.

Worthen was born in and he grew up in Price, Utah. He has four older brothers and sisters. He served as an LDS missionary in Monterrey, Mexico. Worthen earned an associate degree from the College of Eastern Utah (CEU). While he was in college, Worthen worked as a coal miner during the summers. He was a co-captain of the varsity basketball team. He graduated in 1978 with the best grades in his class. After that, he went to BYU. He graduated in 1979 with highest honors ("summa cum laude") with a bachelor's degree in political science.

Worthen attended the J. Reuben Clark Law School at BYU. He became a member of an honor society called the Order of the Coif. In 1982, he again graduated with the highest honors ("summa cum laude") and the best grades in his class. Then he worked as a law clerk (a lawyer who helps a judge make legal decisions) for Judge Malcolm R. Wilkey on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. He also worked as a law clerk for Associate Supreme Court Justice Byron R. White. From 1984 to 1987, Worthen worked as a lawyer in Phoenix, Arizona, for a law firm called Jennings, Strouss & Salmon. Worthen found that he was very interested in the history of laws, so he decided that he wanted to teach law.

Guinea-Bissau war of Independence

On January 23, 1963, guerrilla fighters of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde (PAIGC), a marxist revolutionary group, officially started the Guinea-Bissau War of Independence by attacking the Portuguese army stationed in Tite. The war ended when Portugal, after the Carnation Revolution of 1974, granted independence to Guinea-Bissau, followed by Cape Verde a year later.

Abdul Khaliq Hazara

Abdul Khaliq Hazara was the murderer of Muhammad Nadir Shah, the king of Afghanistan.

Abdul Khaliq Hazara was born in year 1916 in a family of Hazara ethnic group in Kabul Afghanistan.

Esther Mahlangu

Esther Mahlangu (11 November 1935; Middelburg, Mpumalanga, South Africa) is a South African artist from the Ndebele nation. She is known for her bold large-scale contemporary paintings that are influenced by her Ndebele heritage.

Luc Beyer de Ryke

Luc Charles Henri Beyer de Ryke (9 September 1933 – 18 January 2018) was a Belgian journalist, television presenter, politician, and author. 

He was born in Ghent, East Flanders. 

He succeeded Jean Rey as a member of the European Parliament in 1980 and served until 1989. He was also an alderman of Uccle.

Beyer de Ryke died of a ruptured aorta in Paris, France, aged 84.

Molinis

Molinis was a municipality of the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, Molinis, Calfreisen, Castiel, Langwies, Lüen, Peist and St. Peter-Pagig became the municipality Arosa.

Peist

Peist was a municipality of the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, Peist, Calfreisen, Castiel, Langwies, Lüen, Molinis and St. Peter-Pagig became the municipality Arosa.

Saas im Prättigau

Saas im Prättigau was a municipality of the district of Prättigau/Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, it became part of the municipality Klosters-Serneus.


St. Antönien Ascharina

St. Antönien Ascharina used to be a municipality in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. Until 1953, the municipality was named Ascharina. Since 2007, became a part of the municipality of St. Antönien.

Flag of the Central African Republic

The national flag of the Central African Republic was created in 1958 by first president of Ubangi-Shari Barthélemy Boganda.

It has four horizontal stripes of blue, white, green and yellow, and a single vertical band of red, with a yellow five pointed star in the upper left corner.

The golden star is symbol of independence and bright future. The president Boganda announced that the colours of the four horizontal stripes represents four territories of French Equatorial Africa (Ubangi-Shari, Gabon, Congo and Chad), which he wanted to see united with maintaining relationship with France. The red stripe symbolizes blood, same for the every races and nations, in this case especially for the Africans The green color stands for forest areas, the yellow for savanna, blue for the sky. Other interpretation of the colours emphasizes national ideals, where the color blue symbolizes freedom, white – purity, green – hope, yellow – tolerance and hospitality, red – friendship and equality of every race and need of common respect.

The aspect ratio of the flag is 3:5 or 2:3.

Saint-Louis, Haut-Rhin

Saint-Louis is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department. In 2015, 20,401 people lived there. The inhabitants are the "Ludoviciens".

It is at the German and Swiss borders, just north of Basel. The EuroAirport Basel-Mulhouse-Freiburg is there. The commune of Saint-Louis also has the former villages of Bourgfelden and Neuweg in it.

Joyee

Joyee (); is a Popular Bengali television Soap Opera that premiered on October 9, 2017 from Monday to Sunday,everyday at 6:00 pm and airs on Zee Bangla. It is produced by Tent Cinema and it stars Debadrita Basu and Dibjyoti Dutta in lead roles.It also stars Sanchari Mondal (the antagonist), Mimi Dutta, Tanuka Chatterjee,and Dwaipayan Das in Supporting roles. The show replaced zee bangla's Most popular show Raadha.The show stars Joy Bhattacharya in a negative role as the main Antagonist.

Joyee is the story of a fun-loving, full of innocence, orphan village girl. She lives with her maternal uncle and aunt, and is an die-hart football lover. Her dream is to become a Footballer. To break the barriers of social taboos she often disguises as a boy to get to play ball. As destiny plans differently, she has to give in to her family's demands and get married. Thereon starts a different game of life. Totally unaware about what is in store she proceeds towards another destination as her family gets her married off. Her in-laws are extremely conservative and believes that a woman's only job is to run a household and look after her husband. Her husband, Ribhu extremely studious, almost a nerd of sorts is absolutely clueless about his wife's liking for sport.To top it all the family has an aversion towards. Here enters another antagonist,Sukumar, who is in love with Irabati (Ribhu's sister-in-law) and always tries to harm Joyee .Football as a sport for an unknown reason. Joyee a sportsman at heart starts to use her football skills to dribble and dodge in reaching her destination as a wife and a family member in her new home. But once a lover of the game is always a lover. She brews within her, the craze to be a successful footballer someday. 

Apart from football, a sad story of Agni (Ribhu's Sejdavai) also prevails the story. He has been kidnapped by Sagar Dutta, an football coach who used to take money from innocent foot ballers. Agni wanted to catch Sagar Dutta red hand. But circumstances prevailed to struck within Sagar Dutta's place. Joyee's another aim is to find her Sejdavai and to punish Sagar Dutta.


http://www.newstechcafe.com/2017/10/joyee-on-zee-bangla-tv-plot.html#ixzz4yjJjRJI5

Khanaspur

Khanaspur is a tourist town located in Abbottabad district in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Sorry, Wrong Number

Sorry, Wrong Number is a 1948 American thriller film noir. It was directed by Anatole Litvak. Barbara Stanwyck and Burt Lancaster are in the main roles in this movie.

The movie is about a woman, Mrs. Stevenson, who is wealthy but mentally ill. She tries to dial her husband's number but she overhears a conversation instead. She figures out that there is going to be a murder at 11:15 and is even more disturbed. She keeps trying to get the operators to trace the call, and when they can't, she dials the police, Sgt. Duffy, but he doesn't help either. Her phone keeps ringing and she gets more worried until 11:15, when the murder happens. Someone is in the house and she doesn't know how to react. She gets her final call from her husband and he tells her to go to the window and scream as loud as she can. However, she doesn't make it in time. We learn that Mr. Stevenson, her husband, was a part of the murder and he killed his wife only for the money, which he regrets.

John Pierik

Johannes Gerhardus Maria "John" Pierik (9 August 1950 – 14 January 2018) was a Dutch shooter. He competed in the mixed skeet event at the 1980 and 1984 Olympics and finished in eleventh and fourth place, respectively.

Pierik died on 14 January 2018 at the age of 68.

Roderick Rijnders

Roderick "Rody" Falesca Renee Trygvae Rijnders (1 March 1941 – 15 January 2018) was a Dutch coxswain. He was born in Batavia. He won the silver medal in the coxed pairs at the 1968 Summer Olympics, alongside Hadriaan van Nes and Herman Suselbeek, as well a European bronze in 1965.

Rijnders died on 15 January 2018 in The Hague at the age of 76.

Bill Bain

William Worthington "Bill" Bain Jr. (30 July 1937 – 16 January 2018) was an American management consultant. He was known for his role as one of the founders of the management consultancy, Bain & Company. He was a vice-president at the Boston Consulting Group (BCG).

Bain died on 16 January 2018 at his home in Naples, Florida at the age of 80 from Alzheimer's disease complications.

Peter Groeger

Peter Groeger (June 1, 1933  – January 16, 2018) was an (East)-German actor, director, and voice actor. He was born in Gröbzig, Free State of Anhalt. He was known for his role in "Blaulicht" and "Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten".

Groeger died in Berlin on January 16, 2018 at the age of 84.

Ishfaq Ahmad

Ishfaq Ahmad (3 November 1930 – 18 January, 2018) D.Sc., Minister of State, "", was a Pakistani nuclear physicist, emeritus professor of high-energy physics at the National Center for Physics, and former science advisor to the Government of Pakistan.

Ahmad died on 18 January 2018 in Islamabad at the age of 87.



Augusto Polo Campos

Augusto Armando Polo Campos (25 February 1932 – 17 January 2018) was a Peruvian composer. His vals "Regresa" was a number one hit internationally for Peruvian singer Lucha Reyes, and again in an instrumental form for Peruvian electronic band Madre Matilda. One of his songs was included in the James Bond movie "Quantum of Solace".

Polo Campos died of complications from diabetes in Lima on 17 January 2018 at the age of 85.




Chick Webster

John Robert "Chick" Webster (November 3, 1920 – January 18, 2018) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. He played 14 games in the National Hockey League. He played with the New York Rangers during the 1949-50 season.

After Milt Schmidt's death in January 2017, he became the oldest living former NHL player.

Webster died on January 18, 2018 in Mattawa, Ontario at the age of 97.

Bradford Dillman

Bradford Dillman (April 14, 1930 – January 16, 2018) was an American actor and author. He was known for his roles in "The Enforcer", "Piranha", and in "Murder, She Wrote".

Dillman guest-starred on series such as "Ironside", "Shane", "The Name of the Game", "Columbo", "Wild Wild West", "The Eleventh Hour", "Wagon Train", "The Greatest Show on Earth", "Breaking Point", "Mission Impossible", "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", "Barnaby Jones" and "Three for the Road".

Dillman died on January 16, 2018 in Santa Barbara, California from complications of pneumonia at the age of 87.


Bhimsen Thapa

Bhimsen Thapa Chhetri (; August 1775 – 5 August 1839) was the "Mukhtiyar" (equal to prime minister) and real ruler of Nepal from 1806 to 1837.

Bhimsen was appointed as Hajuriya (personal secretary) of King Rana Bahadur Shah in 1797. Bhimsen went together with Rana Bahadur Shah to Varanasi, India on 1800 after the King was forced by the general people to leave Nepal. In Varanasi, Bhimsen helped the former King Rana Bahadur to prepare for his return to power in 1804. Later, Rana Bahadur dismissed and ordered death penalty to the existing Nepalese mimisters on 1804. He made Bhimsen a "kaji" (equivalent to a minister) of the newly formed government in 1804. Rana Bahadur's murder by his step brother Sher Bahadur in 1806 allowed Bhimsen to kill ninety-three people as criminals. After that, he was given the title of the "mukhtiyar" (equivalent to prime minister).

He ordered various unification campaigns in the West to increase Nepalese boundary. Kangda, Kumaon and Gadhwal kingdom was won by Nepal in the battle. His second brother General Kaji Nain Singh Thapa Chhetri died in the battle. In 1811, he was made the Commander-in-Chief of Nepalese army for the first time. In November 1814, his father General Sanukaji Amar Singh Thapa died who was defending the His niece Queen Lalita Tripurasundari was the youngest wife of King Rana Bahadur Shah and the ruling Queen Mother. In 1814, he accepted the British India company challenge to start Anglo-Nepalese War. He lost the war but remained independent from British. He built the Dharahara (Bhimsen Tower), watertaps, ponds, pavements and many temples.


Geo Super

Geo Super is a Pakistani television channel It is the first 24-hour Dubai based Pakistani channel for sports. It belongs to Independent Media Corporation.

GEO Television Network launched Geo Super in 2007. Geo Super broadcasts sports events. They focus mainly on cricket. Shortly after its launch, Geo Super got the television rights of the ICC tournaments for the next five years covering all major cricketing events including ICC Cricket World Cup, ICC Champions Trophy, Twenty20 World Cup, Faysal Bank T20 Cup and ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.

Geo Super is only available in Pakistan (legally) and free for cable operators.

Geo Super covers all major events in the cricketing world, boxing, hockey, football and tennis. Events like The Ashes, ICC Cricket World Cup, ICC World Twenty20, ICC Champions Trophy, Pakistan's domestic T20 Cup, IPL, PSL, Bangladesh Premier League and Pakistan Boxing League to name a few. Recently, in collaboration with Pakistan Football Federation, Geo Super launched the Super Football League competition involving the 5 big cities of Pakistan having their own football clubs in a league format competition for the betterment of football in Pakistan. Since Geo Super is a Pakistan-based sports channel, it has focused on the domestic sports in the country and has aired events like 2007-08 RBS Twenty20 Cup and 2008-09 RBS Twenty20 Cup, 2008-09 RBS Pentangular Cup One Day, 2009–10 RBS Twenty-20 Cup, 2010–11 Faysal Bank Twenty-20 Cup, Faysal Bank Super 8 T20 Cup 2011, 52nd National Badminton Championship, 34th National Snooker Championship, 2nd Ranking Snooker Championship, Pentangular 6 Red Snooker Team Series, Shandur Polo Cup 2008, MAC Kyokushin, Spring Blossom Polo Festival, 16th National Skiing Championship, Super Football League and many others and will air more of the domestic sports in the future.It bought rights to show Brazilian League 2011/12 live on the channel. The network also broadcasts the Kabaddi World Cup in Pakistan. It has shown the 2010 Kabaddi world Cup, 2011 Kabaddi world Cup, 2012 Kabaddi world Cup in Pakistan.

The 2011 World Cup was the second to be broadcast by Geo Super. However Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (PEMRA) terminated its contract for hosting the world cup. After taking the case to the Supreme Court, Geo was re-awarded the sole and exclusive rights to host the tournament. Geo also announced that they had hired former Pakistan captain Imran Khan as a commentator.


Concours Advance

In France, the concours Advance is a test to access to four main engineering college:


The test has been created in 2011 by IONIS Education Group.


Library classification

A library classification is a system of organization by which library resources are arranged according to subject.
It is a implication of the Third law of Library & Information Science, which was given by Indian library innovator Dr. S R Ranganathan.

There are many standard systems of library classification in use, and many more have been proposed over the years. However, in general, classification systems can be divided into three types depending on how they are used:


Sara Loren

Sara Loren (; born as Mona Lizza Hussain), is a Pakistani actress and model.

Loren made her film debut in the 2010 Pooja Bhatt's romantic thriller film "Kajraare" and later played as Nisha in the film "Murder 3".
That year she starred in Yasir Nawaz's "Anjuman" for which she won the Tarang Housefull Awards—Best Actress in a Leading Role.

Loren acted in the stage performances of "Anarkali", "Shahyad Issi Ka Naam Mohabbat Hai Sheiftaa", in Karachi and Delhi.

As of 2015, Loren has completed filming for Anil Balani's "Ishq Click". She is currently filming for Prakash Jha's "Fraud Saiyyan" with Arshad Warsi.

Alt-right

The alt-right is a right-wing political movement originating in the United States. There are many different type of people in the alt-right. They include white nationalists, antifeminists, manospherians, conservatives, Christians, nationalists and men's rights activists. The group is said to have influenced the 2016 United States presidential election in favor of the winning candidate Donald Trump. The term "Alt-right" is said to have been coined by Richard B. Spencer, who is a political writer and the current president of the nationalist think-tank National Policy Institute.

The alt-right originated on 4chan and other fringe corners of the Internet, such as Reddit, Know Your Meme and Encyclopedia Dramatica. It emerged during the aftermath of the 2012 episode about Fobos-Grunt on the English Wikipedia and Gamergate in 2014.

As the years pass since Trump's victory in 2016, the alt-right began to splinter, and its split accelerated following the 2017 Charlottesville incident, with those on the Internet saying they don't like Trump anymore.


Ayubia

Ayubia is a protected area located in Abbottabad District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is also known as Ayubia National Park and was called a national park in 1984. It is a small natural park 26 km from the Murree hill station. Ayubia was named after Ayub Khan, the second president of Pakistan. it is managed by the Wildlife and Parks Department of Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.

Ayubia is spread around an area of . It is surrounded by forests, villages and three towns of Khanaspur, Nathia Gali and Thandiani.

The park has 104 species of plants. Some of the main species are Cedrus deodara, yew, horse chestnut and oak.
The park harbors up to 203 species of birds. including the golden eagle, the vulture. It has 31 species of mammals. It also has animals like the Asiatic leopard.

Sovereign Military Order of Malta

The Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of Saint John of Jerusalem, of Rhodes and of Malta (), also known as Order of Malta is a sovereign country in Rome, that has no territory. It was founded around 1048 in Jerusalem with the goal of giving medical care to anyone in need, regardless of religion or race.

The founder and leader at the time was Gerard. He was an Italian Roman Catholic.

They originated in Jerusalem, and after being exiled from the city they moved to the Rhodes. After that to Malta, and then lastly the went to Rome and the Pope Paschal II declared them as an independent nation though they had no territory.

Doonga Gali

Doonga Gali is a tourist town of the Galyat area of Ayubia. It is in Abbottabad District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is at a height of 2500 meters.

Ute Bock

Ute Bock (June 27, 1942 – January 19, 2018) was an Austrian educator. Bock was born in Linz, Austria. She was known for her projects helping asylum seekers. In Vienna, there was the campaign "Bock auf Bier" in which a small percentage of the price of the beer (the price was increased) was earmarked to Bock—who gave therewith asylum seekers a home.

Bock died in Vienna, Austria at the age of 75.

St. Antönien

St. Antönien is a Swiss village in the Prättigau and a former municipality in the district of Prättigau/Davos in the canton of Graubünden.

The former municipality of St. Antönien Ascharina merged on 1 January 2007 into St. Antönien.

The municipality of St. Antönien on 1 January 2016 merged into Luzein.


Schiers

Schiers is a Swiss village in the Prättigau and a municipality of the district of Prättigau/Davos in the canton of Graubünden. The first concrete girder bridge ever built, Salginatobel Bridge, is in Schiers. It was designed by Robert Maillart and completed in 1930. In 1991 it was the first bridgenamed a International Historic Civil Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers.


Samnaun

Samnaun ( or ; or ) is a municipality of the district Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Montague shares a ski resort with the municipality of Ischgl in Tyrol, Austria.

The Silvretta Arena Samnaun / Ischgl ski area is above sea level. It has about of slopes.


Flag of Malawi

The flag of Malawi was adopted on 6 July 1964. It was made when Nyasaland was made independent from Great Britain, and renamed itself Malawi.

The flag is made of three colored stripes, which are red, black, and green. On the top stripe, there is a red sun, with 31 rays. The rising sun means hope and freedom for Africa . The 31 rays of the sun mean that Malawi was the 31st country to have independence. The black means the people of Africa. The red means the blood of their struggle to be free, and the green means nature. 

A new flag of Malawi was made on July 29, 2010. The stripes were changed from the first flag to match the Pan-African Flag, with the red stripe at the top, the black stripe in middle, and the green stripe at the bottom. The sun at the top was replaced with a white sun in the middle. This sun had 45 rays, that meant the economic growth Malawi has made since being independent. The flag was approved by the President of Malawi, Bingu wa Mutharika, on July 29, 2010. The people of Malwai didn't want to change the flag, but the government kept going through the process of having it. The flag was nicknamed "Bingu's flag" by the peoplen who saw it as a fake flag. Many didn't like the flag, seeing it as bad for the nation.

On 28 May 2012, President Joyce Banda changed the flag back to the first flag.

Flag of Mauritania

The flag of Mauritania is a green field containing a gold star and crescent, with a red stripe at the top and bottom of the field, the flag proportions is 2:3.

The green color and crescent stands for Islam, the red stripes with the length of 1/5 of the width of the flag symbolizes blood, shed by heroes who fought with the French for independence. The green background also sybolizes prosperity and hope and the golden color of the crescent is interpreted as the color of the sand of Sahara, covering almost the entire country.


Ribeauvillé

Ribeauvillé is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Panch Pargana Kisan College

Panch Pargana Kisan College, also known as P.P.K. College, established in 1978, is a general degree college in Bundu, Jharkhand. It offers undergraduate courses in arts, commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to Ranchi University.

B.N.J. College was accrediated by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC).


Kingdon Gould Jr.

Kingdon Gould Jr. (January 3, 1924 – January 16, 2018) was an American diplomat, businessman, and philanthropist.

A Republican businessman, President Richard Nixon appointed Gould to serve as United States Ambassador to Luxembourg, a position he would serve from 1969 through 1972. In 1973, Gould was appointed as Ambassador to the Netherlands by President Gerald Ford, serving until 1976.

Gould died on January 16, 2018 in North Laurel, Maryland of pneumonia at the age of 94.

Julie Gibson

Julie Gibson (September 6, 1913 – October 2, 2019) was an American former singer and actress. Her career during became popular in the 1940s.

In 1937, she joined the cast of Joe Penner's radio program.

She made her first movie appearances in small roles in the movies "Nice Girl?" and "The Feminine Touch" (both 1941).

Her first featured role was in the 1944 movie "Lucky Cowboy".

Gibson died at her Los Angeles home on October 2, 2019 at the age of 106.

Dean Stockwell

Robert Dean Stockwell (March 5, 1936 – November 7, 2021) was an American actor. His career has lasted for 70 years. As a child actor under contract to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, he first came to the public's attention in movies such as "Anchors Aweigh" (1945), "The Green Years" (1946), "Gentleman's Agreement" (1947), and "Kim" (1950). 

Stockwell portrays Albert "Al" Calavicci in the science fiction television series "Quantum Leap" which aired from March 26, 1989 through May 5, 1993. 

Stockwell died on November 7, 2021 at his home in Ranchos de Taos, New Mexico at the age of 85.


Elisabeth Waldo

Elisabeth Ann Dentzel (née Waldo; born June 18, 1918) is an American violinist, composer, songwriter, conductor and ethnomusicologist. She was an early adopter of Native American musical instruments among those trained in European classical music.

Dusty Anderson

Ruth "Dusty" Anderson (born December 17, 1918 - Septemeber 12, 2007), was an American actress and World War II pin-up girl. She was known for her roles in "Crime Doctor's Warning" (1945), which was one in the popular Crime Doctor series, and "The Phantom Thief" (1946).



Caren Marsh Doll

Caren Marsh Doll (born April 6, 1919), born as Caren Morris, is an American actress and dancer. She was Judy Garland's stand-in for "The Wizard of Oz" (1939) and "Ziegfeld Girl" in 1941.

She is the only known surviving member of the cast of "The Wizard of Oz".

Sono Osato

Sono Osato (August 29, 1919 – December 26, 2018) was an American dancer and actress. 

Osato began her career at the age of fourteen with the Ballets Russe de Monte-Carlo; she later went on to dance with American Ballet Theatre (then Ballet Theatre). While at ABT, she danced roles in such ballets as Kenneth MacMillan's "Sleeping Beauty", Antony Tudor's "Pillar of Fire", and Bronislava Nijinska's "The Beloved".

Osato was found dead on December 26, 2019 in Manhattan, aged 99.


Norma Miller

Norma Miller (December 2, 1919 – May 5, 2019) was an American Lindy hop dancer known as the "Queen of Swing".

From 1952 to 1968, Miller directed the Norma Miller Dancers and Norma Miller and Her Jazzmen, both of which included Frankie Manning's son Charles "Chazz" Young as well as her long-time partner Billy Ricker. 

Miller wrote several books, including "Me & John Biffar: A Love Story", which chronicles her friendship with filmmaker John Biffar. Another work, "Swing, Baby Swing!" follows the evolution of swing dance into the 21st century. "Swingin' at the Savoy: The Memoir of a Jazz Dancer" was her autobiography.

In 2003, Miller was honored with a National Heritage Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts for creating and continuing to preserve “the acrobatic style of swing dancing known as the Lindy Hop”.

Miller died at her home in Fort Myers, Florida from heart failure on May 5, 2019 at the age of 99.


Nancy Richler

Nancy Richler (May 16, 1957 – January 18, 2018) was a Canadian novelist. Her novels won two international awards and were shortlisted for three others; Richler was also shortlisted for the Canadian Booksellers Association Author of the Year award in 2013. She was born in Montreal, Quebec. Her best known works are "Throwaway Angels", "Your Mouth Is Lovely" and "The Imposter Bride". 

Richler also wrote short stories, which were published in magazines and anthologies including "New Quarterly", "Prairie Fire", "A Room of One's Own" and the "Journey Prize Anthology".

Richler died of cancer in Vancouver, British Columbia on January 18, 2018, at the age of 60.

Anna Campori

Anna Campori (22 September 1917 – 19 January 2018) was an Italian actress. Beginning her career in 1951, she appeared in 70 movies. She was born in Rome, Italy. She made her last appearance in the TV series "Carabinieri".

She turned 100 in September 2017 and died on 19 January 2018 in Rome.


Maggie Daley Park

Maggie Daley Park is a public park in the Loop community area of Chicago. It is near the Lake Michigan shoreline in northeastern Grant Park.

Maggie Daley Park is connected to Millennium Park by the BP Pedestrian Bridge. It is named for Maggie Daley, the former first lady of the city who died of breast cancer in 2011.

The park was almost entirely remade with multiple new features including a new field house, an ice skating ribbon, climbing walls, landscaping and children's playground. A garden honors cancer survivors.

It is bounded by Randolph Street, Monroe, Columbus and Lake Shore Drives. Construction took 2 years and cost $60 million, including rebuilding an underground parking lot.

Flag of Mauritius

The flag of Mauritius has four horizontal bands of red, blue, yellow and green. The flag was recorded at the College of Arms in London on 9 January 1968.

Flag of Uganda

The flag of Uganda () was adopted on 9 October 1962, the date that Uganda became independent from the United Kingdom. It has of six equal horizontal bands of black (top), yellow, red, black, yellow, and red (bottom); a white disc is superimposed at the centre and depicts the national symbol, a grey crowned crane, facing the hoist side.

Flag of Guinea-Bissau

The flag of Guinea-Bissau was created in 1973 when independence from Portugal was proclaimed.

It has one vertical red line on the hoist side charged with a black five-pointed star; two horizontal lines on the fly side (yellow and green).

Tolipir

Tolipir is a hilltop area located in Rawalakot in Poonch District of Azad Kashmir. It is at a height of above sea-level.

Flag of Lesotho

The current flag of Lesotho was created in 2006.

It has a horizontal bands of blue, white and green, with a black mokorotlo (a Basotho hat) centred on the white band.

Flag of South Sudan

The flag of South Sudan is a horizontal tricolour of black, red, and green, fimbriated with white stripes; with a blue equilateral triangle based on the hoist side bearing a gold star.

Flag of Seychelles

The flag of Seychelles was adopted on January 8, 1996. It has a white
diagonal cross divided into four triangles of blue (top and bottom) and red (hoist-side and fly-side).

Luke Messer

Allen Lucas Messer (born February 27, 1969) is an American politician. In 2013, he became the U.S. Representative for . He is a member of the Republican Party. He served in the Indiana House of Representatives from 2003 to 2006, representing the 57th District.

In July 2017, Messer announced his candidacy for U.S. Senate. He lost the primaries to Mike Braun. Messer was replaced in congress by Vice President Mike Pence's brother Greg Pence.


Ellie Gall

Ellie Gall (born May 5, 1996) is an Australian actress. She is slated to portray the main role Catherine Langford alongside Connor Trinneer in the upcoming science fiction web-series Stargate Origins.

Eddy Beugels

Eddy Beugels (19 March 1944 – 12 January 2018) was a retired Dutch cyclist. He was born in Schinnen, the Netherlands.

Beugels won a silver medal in the team time trial at the 1966 UCI Road World Championships. He also won the Ronde van Noord-Holland (1966), Grand Prix de Wallonie (1968), Eschborn-Frankfurt City Loop, and one stage of the Olympia's Tour (1965). 

During his career that spanned seven years between 1964 and 1970 he competed three times in the Tour de France, in 1968, 1969 and 1970.

Saqi Farooqi

Saqi Farooqi (21 December 1936 – 19 January 2018) was an Urdu poet. He was born in Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh, India. His famous works include "Behram ki wapsi" and "Razoon se bhara basta". He went from Pakistan to London and made an influence in English poetry.

Farooqi died on 19 January 2018 at the age of 81 in London.

Fredo Santana

Derrick Coleman (July 4, 1990 – January 19, 2018), better known by his stage name Fredo Santana, was an American rapper. He was the older cousin of Chicago rapper Chief Keef. His first studio album "Trappin Ain't Dead" was released on October 31, 2013, on Savage Squad. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

On July 9, 2014, he revealed the track list for his next album "Walking Legend".

Santana died of kidney failure complicated from a seizure on January 19, 2018 in Los Angeles at the age of 27.

Allison Shearmur

Allison "Alli" Ivy Shearmur (née Brecker; October 23, 1963 – January 19, 2018) was an American movie executive and producer. She worked for Walt Disney Studios, Universal Pictures, Paramount Pictures and Lionsgate.

Her producing works include "American Pie" and "Jason Bourne" franchises, "The Hunger Games" movies, as well as the "Star Wars" Anthology movies "Rogue One" and the upcoming "".

Shearmur died of complications from lung cancer in Los Angeles, California on January 19, 2018 at the age of 54.

Jim Rodford

James Walter "Jim" Rodford (7 July 1941 – 20 January 2018) was an English musician and singer. Rodford was born in Hertfordshire, England.

Rodford played bass guitar for several British rock groups. He was a founding member of Argent, which was led by his cousin Rod Argent. He was the bass guitarist for the Kinks from 1978 until they disbanded in 1996. 

In 2004, he joined the reunited the Zombies, whom he had been closely associated with since the early 1960s, and remained a member until his death in 2018. He was also a member of the Swinging Blue Jeans and the Kast Off Kinks.

Rodford died on 20 January 2018 of complications from a fall at the age of 76.

Ron Tandberg

Ronald Peter Tandberg (31 December 1943 – 8 January 2018) was an Australian illustrator and cartoonist. He was born in Melbourne, Australia.

He contributed to "The Age" newspaper in Melbourne, Australia from 1972. He works include eleven Walkley Awards. He was inducted into the Melbourne Press Club's Victorian Hall of Fame in 2014.

Tandberg died from oesophageal cancer at St John of God Hospital, in Geelong, Victoria, surrounded by his family, in the afternoon of 8 January 2018, at the age of 74.

Seewis im Prättigau

Seewis im Prättigau () is a municipality of the district of Prättigau/Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

In 1622, Fidelis of Sigmaringen a Capuchin friar, was martyred in the Counter-Reformation at Seewis.

Buddha's hand

Citrus medica" var. "sarcodactylis, or the fingered citron, is an unusually shaped citron variety. The fruit is segmented into finger-like sections, like those seen on pictures and statues of Buddha. It is called Buddha's hand in Nepali(Buddha ko haat). Chinese (佛手柑), Japanese (仏手柑), Korean (불수감) and Vietnamese (Phật thủ).

The different types of this citron variety have shapes from "open-hand" types with outward-splayed segments to "closed-hand" types, in which the fingers are kept together. There are also half-fingered fruits, in which the basal side is united and the apical side fingered. The origin of this kind of citron can be traced back to Nepal or China, where most domesticated citrus fruits originate. It has a sweet, lemon blossom aroma and no juice or pulp. The mild-tasting pith is not bitter, so the fruit can be zested or used whole.

Valzeina

Valzeina was a municipality of the district of Prättigau/Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, Fanas and Valzeina became part of the municipality of Grüsch.


Says

Says was a municipality of the district Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008, the municipality became part of Trimmis.

Medels im Rheinwald

Medels im Rheinwald used to be a municipality of the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the municipality became part of Splügen.

Rossa, Switzerland

Rossa is a municipality of the district Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Danilovgrad

Danilovgrad () is a town in central Montenegro. In 2003, 5,208 people lived there.

Herceg Novi

Herceg Novi () is a coastal town in Montenegro at the entrance to the Bay of Kotor and at below Mount Orjen. About 33,000 people live there.

Santa Maria in Calanca

Santa Maria in Calanca is a municipality of the district
Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Flag of Liberia

The Liberian flag has similar red and white stripes, as well as a blue square with a white star in the corner.

Flag of Burundi

The flag of Burundi was created in 1967. It has a white diagonal cross divided the field into alternating red and green areas. The center of the cross merges into a white disk, on which there are three red solid six-pointed stars outlined in green. The ratio of the flag was 2:3 until 27 September 1982. The current ratio is 3:5.

Flag of the Republic of the Congo

The national flag of the Republic of the Congo has a yellow diagonal tricolour of green, yellow and red radiating from the lower hoist side corner.

Flag of Equatorial Guinea

The flag of Equatorial Guinea was created in 1968.

It has horizontal tricolour of green, white and red; with a blue isosceles triangle based on the hoist side and the National Coat of arms of Equatorial Guinea centered in the white band.

Flag of the Democratic Republic of the Congo

The national flag of the Democratic Republic of the Congo is a sky blue flag, adorned with a yellow star in the upper left canton and cut diagonally by a red stripe with a yellow-fimbriated stripe surrounding it. 

Flag of Djibouti

The flag of Djibouti has two equal horizontal bands of blue (top) and green, with a white isosceles triangle based on the hoist side. The triangle bears a red star in its center.

Flag of Malta

The flag of Malta is a vertical bicolor of white and red, with the representation of the George Cross edged in red on the upper hoist side corner of the white band.

Flag of North Macedonia

The flag of the Republic of North Macedonia () shows a stylised yellow sun on a red field, with eight broadening rays extending from the centre to the edge of the field.

Porte-du-Ried

Porte-du-Ried is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. It was incorporated on 1 January 2016 by combining two communes, Holtzwihr and Riedwihr.

Riespach

Riespach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. In 2015, 686 people lived there.



Immendingen

Immendingen is a municipality in Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

It is next to the Upper Danube Nature Park.

Rimbach-près-Guebwiller

Rimbach-près-Guebwiller is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in east France.

Dareka no Manazashi

The movie was shown for the first time at the Tokyo International Forum for the "Proud Box Appreciation Festival" on 10 February 2013. It was also shown with "The Garden of Words" for its premiere on 31 May 2013. The movie is about the relationship between a woman and her family.

Many online reviews said that the movie was very emotional. This was for older people that viewed it because the movie focused on how family relationships can change over time.

The story is about , her parents, and their pet cat . Aya does not live with her parents anymore. She got a job that made her move far away from her family. Her father lives at home alone with their cat and her mother works overseas. Mii was bought so that Aya would have someone to play with while her mother was working. Mii is now old, and her health is not as good as before.

In the movie, Aya comes home from work. She gets a phone call from her father. Her father wants to have dinner with her, but Aya declines by saying she is still at work. The narrator begins talking about her childhood and how being more independent meant that Aya and her father grew apart. Aya gets another phone call from her father, telling her about Mii dying. They come home to have dinner together, and her mother comes home at the same time. Aya's father buys a new kitten.

Makoto Shinkai directed and wrote the script for "Dareka no Manazashi". The producers were CoMix Wave Films, NEST, TYO M1, and The Answer Studio Co., Ltd. The music in the movie was directed by Akihisa Matsuura. The theme song of the movie was performed by Kazusa. Shinkai said he chose Kazusa to sing the music because he thought that her music would be liked by younger people.

The movie was made for the Nomura Real Estate Group. This was because they were holding their at the Tokyo International Forum. Shinkai said that the hardest part about making the movie was keeping it and interesting. He also said focusing on the main topics of the movie was hard. The narrator helped Shinkai make the movie because he knew what to base it on.

Many people enjoyed the movie in Japan. Online comments describing the film usually described it as good and emotional. A reporter of RocketNews24 said that the animation was very high quality. ASCII.jp said that even the younger viewers thought it was emotional, but it was the most emotional for older viewers.


Graeme Langlands

Graeme Frank Langlands (1 September 1941 – 20 January 2018) was an Australian professional rugby league player. He played for the St. George Dragons as a fullback, winning premierships in 1963, 1964, 1965 and 1966. He also played for the New South Wales and national teams. He was one of the "Immortals" of rugby league. He was born in Wollongong.

Langlands died of problems caused by dementia on 20 January 2018 in Sutherland, New South Wales. He was 76.


Super Mario Maker

Super Mario Maker is a side-scrolling platform creation video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii U. It was released in Japan on September 10, 2015, in North America and Europe on September 11, 2015, and in Australia on September 12, 2015. Players are able to create and play their own custom levels, based on "Super Mario Bros.", "Super Mario Bros. 3", "Super Mario World", and "New Super Mario Bros. U", share them online, and download and play courses designed by other players.

"Super Mario Maker" received positive reviews upon its release, with reviewers praising the game's user interface and course editing tools. By May 2016, over seven million courses had been created by players worldwide, which had been played over 600 million times. An adapted port of the game for the Nintendo 3DS, titled Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS, was released on December 1, 2016 and on Nintendo Selects on June 29, 2018, nearly eight months before a sequel, titled "Super Mario Maker 2", for the Nintendo Switch was announced on February 13, 2019 and released on June 28 of the same year.

Mario Party 10

After "Mario Party 9", Nintendo wanted to create "Mario Party 10". They made Bowser playable. They also advertised "Mario Party 10". "Mario Party 10" released on March 12, 2015 in Japan and March 20 in North America and Europe.


The Spirit of the Laws

The Spirit of the Laws (French: "De l'esprit des lois", originally spelled "De l'esprit des loix"; also sometimes translated The Spirit of Laws) is a book published in 1748 by Charles de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu. It is a book about law, comparing different ideas. The Books published by Montesquieu were subject to censorship. For this reason, the book was published anonymously, at first. The work was rapidly translated to other languages. In 1750 Thomas Nugent published the first English translation. In 1751 the Roman Catholic Church added "De l'esprit des lois" to its "Index Librorum Prohibitorum" ("List of Prohibited Books"). Yet Montesquieu's treatise had an enormous influence on the work of many others, most notably: Catherine the Great, who produced "Nakaz" ("Instruction"); the Founding Fathers of the United States Constitution; and Alexis de Tocqueville, who applied Montesquieu's methods to a study of American society, in "Democracy in America". Macaulay offers us a hint of Montesquieu's importance when he writes in his 1827 essay entitled "Machiavelli" that "Montesquieu enjoys, perhaps, a wider celebrity than any political writer of modern Europe."

Montesquieu spent around twenty one years researching and writing "De l'esprit des lois", covering many topics including law, social life and the study of anthropology, and providing more than 3,000 commendations. In this treatise Montesquieu argued that political institutions needed, for their success, to reflect the social and geographical aspects of the particular community. He pleaded for a constitutional system of government with separation of powers, the preservation of legality and civil liberties, and the end of slavery.

Louis Antoine de Pardaillan de Gondrin

Louis Antoine de Pardaillan, Duke of Antin (5 September 1664 – 2 November 1736) was Marquis of Antin, Gondrin and of Montespan (1701), then 1st Duke of Antin (1711) was a French nobleman. He was painted by Rigaud.

On 21 August 1686 he married "Julie" Françoise de Crussol, daughter o Emmanuel de Crussol, Duke of Uzès. 



Altai people

The Altai people are a Turkic ethnic group who live in Siberia, the Altai Republic, and the Altai Krai of Russia. The Altai people are divided into two Northern Altai and Southern Altai.

Trần Đại Quang

Trần Đại Quang (12 October 1956 – 21 September 2018) was a Vietnamese politician. He was President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. He joined office on April 2, 2016. He was elected to the post by the National Assembly, and nominated by his predecessor Trương Tấn Sang who retired from office.

Trần Đại Quang joined the Communist Party of Vietnam on 26 July 1980 and became official party member on 26 July 1981. And from 1997 he became a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam and a member of the Central Committee of the party. At the 12th Party Congress of the Communist Party of Vietnam in January 2016 Trần Đại Quang the Police General and former Minister of Public Security was proposed as President of the state. On 2 April  2016 with 91.5 percent votes of the 11th Session of the National Assembly. The National Assembly confirmed on that day he official became the new President, he succeeded Trương Tấn Sang. On the same day, he proposed Nguyễn Xuân Phúc as the new head of government.


Trần Đại Quang is married to Madam Nguyễn Thị Hiền, who performs ceremonial functions as the First Lady of Vietnam.

Trần Đại Quang died in 108 Military Central Hospital on September 21, 2018 in Hanoi from complications of a virus at the age of 61.

Trương Tấn Sang

Trương Tấn Sang (born January 21, 1949) was President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam from 25 July 2011 to 2 April 2016.

Trương Tấn Sang became member of the Communist Party of Vietnam on 20 December 1969. And became a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam in 1991, and in 1996 he became a member of the Politburo. On 25 July 2011, he was elected President of Vietnam by the National Assembly with 97% of the votes.

Altai languages

The Altai language is the native language Altai people and also the official language of the Altai Republic, one of the Republican Federations of Russia located in Siberia. This language is from the Turkic languages sub-group.


Violation

Violation or violations can mean:




Mathilde Krim

Mathilde Krim (; née Galland; July 9, 1926 – January 15, 2018) was an Italian-American medical researcher. She was the founding chairman of amfAR, the American Foundation for AIDS Research. She was born in Como, Italy to a Swiss Protestant father and Italian Roman Catholic mother. She worked at Weizmann Institute of Science, Cornell University Medical School, and at Sloan-Kettering Institute for Cancer Research. 

In August 2000, President Bill Clinton awarded her the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor in the United States. 

Krim died at home in Kings Point, New York on January 15, 2018, aged 91.

Joel Daly

Joel Daly (August 21, 1934 – October 22, 2020) was an American news anchor. Daly was most known for serving as an anchor for WLS-TV (an ABC-affiliate) in Chicago, Illinois for 38 years from 1967–2005. 

Daly served as co-anchor alongside Linda Yu from January 1985 until his retirement in May 2005. From March 2007 until October 2013, Daly served as spokesperson for Chicago's Cook County Federal courthouse.

Daly died on October 22, 2020 in LaGrange, Illinois from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 86.

John Coleman (meteorologist)

John Coleman (October 15, 1934 – January 20, 2018) is an American TV weatherman and co-founder of The Weather Channel. He retired from broadcasting after nearly 61 years, working the last twenty at KUSI-TV in San Diego.

Coleman died in Las Vegas, Nevada on January 20, 2018 at the age of 83.

Wallis Grahn

Wallis Grahn (13 February 1945 – 18 January 2018) was a Swedish actress. She was born in Stockholm. She studied at the Adolf Fredriks Musikklasser. She was known for her roles in "Pelle Svanslös" (1981), the television series "Rederiet" (1992-1993) and in "Wallander – Innan frosten" (2005).

Grahn died in Stockholm on 18 January 2018 at the age of 72.

Jens Okking

Jens Dyhr Okking, (18 December 1939 – 21 January 2018) was a Danish actor and politician. Okking is mostly known outside of Denmark from Lars von Triers TV-series "The Kingdom". Okking was a member of the European Parliament in 1999-2003.

Krister Henriksson

Jan Krister Allan Henriksson (born 12 November 1946) is a Swedish actor. He is best known for playing Kurt Wallander in the television movies based on the novels by Henning Mankell. He was born in Grisslehamn, Sweden.

Sarah Shahi

Aahoo Jahansouz "Sarah" Shahi (; born January 10, 1980) is an American television actress and former NFL Cheerleader. She played Kate Reed in the USA Network legal drama "Fairly Legal" in 2011–12, Carmen on "The L Word" in 2008, and also starred as Sameen Shaw on the CBS crime drama "Person of Interest".

Shahi has also appeared as the main female role Det. Dani Reese in "Life", and in a supporting role in "Alias". She will play the superhero Isis in the DC Extended Universe movie "Black Adam" (2022).

North Shore Channel

The North Shore Channel is a canal built between 1907 and 1910 to flush the sewage-filled North Branch of the Chicago River down the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal. The sewage carrying duty has been largely taken over by the Chicago Deep Tunnel, but there are still occasional discharges due to heavy rains.

Nguyễn Minh Triết

Nguyễn Minh Triết (born 8 October 1942) was president of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam from 27 June 2006 to 25 July 2011.

Nguyễn Minh Triết was promoted to the Political Politburo of the Party in 1997 and then leader of the Communist Party in Ho Chi Minh City. In 2000 He launched a campaign against organized crime and corruption that led to the arrest of mafia chief Trường Van Cam known as Nam Cam.

On June 27, 2006, he was elected President of the State by the National Assembly with 464 votes (94.12% of the votes).

Nguyễn Tấn Dũng

Nguyễn Tấn Dũng (born 17 November 1949) is a Vietnamese politician who was prime minister of 
the Socialist Republic of Vietnam from 27 June 2006 to his retirement in 2016. He was elected to the post by National Assembly and nominated by his predecessor Phan Văn Khải who retired from office.

Nguyễn Tấn Dũng became member of the Communist Party of Vietnam on 10 June 1967. He became member of the Politburo of the party in 1996. He became deputy prime minister of Vietnam in 1997. In 1998 he served as the governor of the State Bank of Vietnam. He was elected Prime Minister on 27 June 2006 after his predecessor Prime Minister Phan Văn Khải decided to retire. He was re-elected on 25 July 2011. In 7 April 2016 he wasn't able to maintain his post in the party and stepped down from his position as Prime Minister.

Philippe Gondet

Philippe Gondet (17 May 1942 – 21 January 2018) was a French footballer. He was born in Blois, France.

He played for France during the 1966 FIFA World Cup in England.

Gondet died on 21 January 2018 at the age of 75.

Nguyễn Xuân Phúc

Nguyễn Xuân Phúc (born 20 July 1954) is a Vietnamese politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam from 2016 until 2021. In 2021, he became the 10th President of Vietnam. He was elected Prime Minister to the post by the National Assembly and nominated on April 8, 2016 by his predecessor Nguyễn Tấn Dũng who retired from office.

Nguyễn Xuân Phúc became member of the Communist Party of Vietnam on 12 November 1983 and was employee, then deputy and office manager of Quảng Nam - Đà Nẵng's People's Committee and was the provincial president director of government offices and deputy prime minister from August 2011 to April 7, 2016.

Didier Couécou

Didier Couécou (born 25 July 1944) is a retired French football player.

Nguyễn Thiện Nhân

Nguyễn Thiện Nhân (born 12 June 1953) is the Secretary of Communist Party of Vietnam in Ho Chi Minh City from 10 May 2017. His previous post was Chairman of the Vietnamese Fatherland Front

Frances Crowe

Frances Crowe (March 15, 1919 – August 27, 2019) was an American peace activist and pacifist. In 1967, during the Vietnam War, she worked as a draft counselor. Crowe was known for her works in the movement against nuclear power and for safe energy in New England since the 1970s

Crowe was born in Carthage, Missouri. She was one of 1414 people arrested at the occupation of the Seabrook nuclear power plant construction site in April, 1977.

Crow died on August 27, 2019 at her in Northampton, Massachusetts of heart failure at the age of 100.


The Shape of Water

The Shape of Water is a 2017 American fantasy drama movie directed by Guillermo del Toro and written by del Toro and Vanessa Taylor. The movie stars Sally Hawkins, Michael Shannon, Richard Jenkins, Doug Jones, Michael Stuhlbarg, and Octavia Spencer. It is set in Baltimore in 1962, the plot is about a mute custodian at a high-security government laboratory who becomes friends with a captured humanoid-amphibian creature.

Many critics declared "The Shape of Water" del Toro's best movie since "Pan's Labyrinth", praising in particular Hawkins's performance.

The movie won two Golden Globes for Best Director and Best Original Score. At the 71st British Academy Film Awards, the movie received 12 nominations, winning Best Movie. The movie won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2018.

"The Shape of Water" began a limited release in two theaters in New York City on December 1, 2017, before expanding on December 8, 2017, and has grossed $34 million.

Oxalaia

Oxalaia was a large predatory dinosaur. It lived during the Upper Cretaceous of what is now Brazil, sometime between 100.5 to 93.9 million years ago. "Oxalaia" is known only from two bones of the skull, which were discovered in 1999. The animal was named in 2011 by a group of Brazilian palaeontologists.

It was a member of the Spinosauridae family, a group of crocodile-like theropod dinosaurs. Like other spinosaurids, "Oxalaia" had a long nose or snout with jaws and teeth shaped to feed on fish. "Oxalaia"'s habitat was tropical, an area of large forests around which were dry deserts. "Oxalaia" shared this environment with many other animals, most of which are also known from other Cretaceous fossils discovered in Africa.

In 1999, two fossil bones of "Oxalaia" were found in rocks on an island in the Northeast Region of Brazil. This part of the island gets covered up by the sea at high tide. Because of the action of the waves which cause erosion, the fossils were almost lost. Hundreds of other fossil teeth were also found at the same place.

The full name of the dinosaur is "Oxalaia quilombensis". The animal was named by Brazilian palaeontologists Alexander Kellner, Elaine Machado, Sergio Azevedo, Deise Henriques, and Luciana Carvalho. The first part of the dinosaur's name (the genus) comes from an African god. The second part of the name (the species) comes from the "quilombos", a group of Brazilian towns.

In 2011 the discovery of "Oxalaia" was presented at the Brazilian Academy of Sciences. Machado said that people are interested in spinosaurids: because of how different they are from other carnivorous dinosaurs, and because they are known by the public through the "Jurassic Park" movies.

Only two pieces of bone are known from "Oxalaia." The first is the tip of its snout, called the premaxilla bone. The second is a piece of its left maxilla, or main upper jaw bone. The two pieces were put on display in the National Museum of Brazil in 2011. The museum was burnt down in a large fire in 2018, and the "Oxalaia" fossils may have been destroyed.

"Oxalaia" is the third spinosaurid named from Brazil so far. The other two are "Irritator" and "Angaturama" (which might be the same animal as "Irritator"). These two animals are known from another part of Brazil, and lived nine to six million years before "Oxalaia".

To estimate its size, "Oxalaia"'s skull bones were compared with those of its close relative, "Spinosaurus". "Oxalaia" was probably long, and likely weighed . This makes it the largest known carnivorous dinosaur from Brazil.

The tip of "Oxalaia"'s snout, called the premaxilla, was long. "Oxalaia"'s complete skull was probably long. This is shorter than the skull of "Spinosaurus," which was long"."

The front of "Oxalaia"'s upper jaw was spoon-shaped, or larger at its front end than at its rear end. The bottom of the snout tip was curved inwards. This shape would have joined with the lower jaw, or mandible, which was also spoon-shaped. The roof of "Oxalaia"'s mouth had a very complex and bony surface, called a secondary palate. This structure made the upper jaw more sturdy, so it would bend less when feeding. The fossil snout preserves broad and deep holes. These probably contained blood vessels and nerves.

The snout of "Oxalaia" had seven tooth sockets on each side. It had one tooth in each socket, and there were two teeth underneath to replace it if it fell out. This feature is common in sharks, but not in most theropod dinosaurs. "Oxalaia"'s teeth were also oval in cross section, instead of flattened somewhat sideways like in most theropods.

"Oxalaia" is more closely related to the African than Brazilian members of its family. "Oxalaia", "Irritator", "Angaturama", "Ichthyovenator", and "Spinosaurus" are the only known dinosaurs from their clade that don't have knife-like (or serrated) teeth. This places them in their own subfamily, called the Spinosaurinae"."

"Oxalaia" can be separated from "Spinosaurus" by differences between their jaw bones"." For example: "Oxalaia" had a rounder snout, and more closely spaced teeth than "Spinosaurus". "Oxalaia"'s two replacement teeth per socket, and less smooth secondary palate, also make it unique among the other known spinosaurs.

The cladogram below shows "Oxalaia"'s relationship with other spinosaurids. It is from a study by Marcos Sales and Cesar Schultz:

Spinosaurids likely spent most of their time near or in water, feeding mostly on aquatic animals like fish. This way, they would avoid competing with other large predatory dinosaurs. Fossil evidence shows that spinosaurs sometimes also ate pterosaurs and small dinosaurs. 

The cone-shaped teeth of "Oxalaia" were built for impaling prey, instead of cutting flesh like those of most theropod dinosaurs. "Oxalaia"'s nostrils were placed far back on the head. This was probably to avoid water getting inside its nostrils when fishing. Both of these features were unique to spinosaurid dinosaurs, and were useful for catching and feeding on fish. The spoon-shaped front jaws and piercing teeth of spinosaurs worked as an efficient fish trap. This trait is also seen in the Indian gharial—the most fish-eating of modern crocodilians.

"Oxalaia" is known from the Alcântara Formation, a geological formation in northeastern Brazil. This formation dates to the Upper Cretaceous Period, sometime between 100.5 to 93.9 million years ago. Back then, the environment of the formation had a wet climate. There were large tropical forests made of plants like conifer trees, ferns, and horsetails. These forests were surrounded by an arid, or dry, landscape.

"Oxalaia" shared this habitat with many different kinds of animals. Other dinosaurs found in the formation included giant carnivores like "Carcharodontosaurus", and perhaps "Spinosaurus". Smaller predators lived there too, such as dromaeosaurids, and an animal very similar to "Masiakasaurus". There were also large sauropods, a group of herbivorous (plant-eating) dinosaurs. Fish found in the formation included bony fish, ray-finned fish, and lungfish. There were also giant coelacanths and sawfishes. Besides dinosaurs, there were other reptiles, like pterosaurs and crocodilians. Fossils of snakes and molluscs have also been found.

The fauna from the Upper Cretaceous of Brazil is very similar to that of Morocco and Egypt during the same time period. This is because South America and Africa used to be connected, in a giant supercontinent called Gondwana.

Ichthyovenator

Ichthyovenator was a meat-eating theropod dinosaur. It was from the Early Cretaceous, about 113 to 125 million years ago. Its fossils were found in Laos in 2010. "Ichthyovenator" was a spinosaurid, they were crocodile-like dinosaurs that ate fish.

It is one of three spinosaurids found in Asia, the other two are Siamosaurus, and "Sinopliosaurus" fusuiensis.

The first parts of the skeleton were found in 2010. They include: One rib, part of the animal's backbones (or vertebra), and most hip bones. They did not find the skull.

The only known species is "Ichthyovenator laosensis." It was named and described by Ronan Allain and his colleagues in 2012. It was found in the Grès supérieurs Formation.

The name "Ichthyovenator" comes from the Greek word for "fish" and the Latin word for "hunter", The name refers to the fact that it ate fish. The species name is "laosensis", because it lived in what is now Laos.

While "Ichthyovenator" was being described, paleontologists were still digging up more of its bones.

Ronan Allain was one of "Ichthyovenator's" original describers. In 2014, he mentioned that more of "Icthyovenator's" skeleton was dug up in 2012. He wrote this in the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology. These new bones include: several teeth, a hip bone, most neck bones, and a few back and tail bones. The description of the new bones has not been officially published.

In 2015, some of "Ichthyovenator's" bones were compared to the ones of "Sigilmassasaurus. Sigilmassasaurus" is another spinosaurid.

Paleontologists estimate "Ichthyovenator" was about long. That's about as big as Baryonyx, one of its close relatives.

It had a half-meter sail or hump on its back, similar to "Suchomimus", or "Spinosaurus". Ichthyovenator's sail was unusual because it was split in two at the hips. Scientists don't know why it was like that.

"Ichthyovenator" was first classified as a spinosaurid, inside the subfamily baryonychinae. This is the same subfamily that includes "Baryonyx" and "Suchomimus".

In 2014 it was found that "Ichthyovenator" was part of the subfamily spinosaurinae instead. This was because of specific features on its teeth, and because its backbones look much like the ones of "Sigilmassasaurus".

Some sources say "Ichthyovenator" might not have been a spinosaurid. They say it may have been a sail-backed carcharodontosaurid, and that it was related to "Concavenator". But this hypothesis has not been published in an academic place.

The diagram below is called a cladogram. It shows how "Ichthyovenator" is related to other dinosaurs in its family tree. This cladogram is by Allain "et al." (2012):

Trần Đức Lương

Trần Đức Lương (born May 5, 1936) is a former Vietnamese politician and President of Vietnam from 1997 to 2006.

Trần Đức Lương became member of the Communist Party of Vietnam on 1959 in Hanoi. And became a functionary of the party in 1970. Trần Đức Lương was Deputy Prime Minister of Vietnam from August 1987 to Februray 1997. And became member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of Vietnam in June 1996.


Phan Văn Khải

Phan Văn Khải (; December 25, 1933 – March 17, 2018) was a Vietnamese politician and was the 5th Prime Minister of Vietnam from 1997 to 2006. 

Phan Văn Khải died in Ho Chi Minh City on March 17, 2018 at the age of 84.


Your Name (album)

The album was certified for gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan because it sold over 100 000 copies.


Nguyễn Thị Bình

Nguyễn Thị Bình (born Nguyễn Châu Sa; 26 May 1927) is a Vietnamese communist leader. She negotiated at the Paris Peace Conference on behalf of the Viet Cong, or National Front for the Liberation of South Vietnam. She was born in Saigon.

During the Vietnam War, she became a member of the Viet Cong's Central Committee and a vice-chairperson of the South Vietnamese Women's Liberation Association.

Andrés Manuel López Obrador

Andrés Manuel López Obrador (; born 13 November 1953), also known as AMLO, is a Mexican left-wing politician. He is the 65th and current President of Mexico since 1 December 2018. He was the Head of Government of the Federal District from 2000 to 2005, before resigning in July 2005 to become a candidate in the 2006 presidential election. He lost the election.

López Obrador was a candidate in the 2012 presidential election as part of a coalition of the PRD, Labor Party and Citizens' Movement. He finished second with 31.59% of the vote. He announced his resignation from the PRD on September 9, 2012.

He was the leader of the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) and was the party's successful presidential candidate for the 2018 election. He was seen as a frontrunner for the 2018 presidential elections. He was elected President in a landslide victory on July 1, 2018 winning almost 54% of the vote. He is the first president to win a majority of the vote since 1988.

During his presidency, he has been seen as a progressive and has fought against corruption in the country. However, many did not like how he handled the COVID-19 pandemic and deals with drug cartels.

David Coventry

David Henry Halford Coventry (born 2 October 1969) was born in Wellington, New Zealand and is an author and musician. His first novel, "The Invisible Mile" (2015), was the winner of the 2016 Hubert Church Award for Fiction,  and finalist for both the Ockham New Zealand Book Award and the Sports Book Awards in the United Kingdom. His work has been compared to Don DeLillo, Toni Morrisson, Thomas Mann.

Coventry went to the Hutt Valley High School from 1983 to 1986. He then studied at the Victoria University of Wellington, for a degree in English Literature and Religious Studies, and a Honours Degree in English Literature (2001) and a Masters in Creative Writing from the International Institute of Modern Letters (2010). He lives in Wellington, New Zealand.

His novel, "The Invisible Mile", is set during the 1928 Tour de France. It was described in the Sydney Morning Herald as its pick of the week: "David Coventry's poetic odyssey relates ... with symbolic force and poetic finesse." The New York Times included it in its book of the week section.  David Coventry is among the best New Zealand authors.

In an interview Coventry said: "The book is not trying to be a metaphor for the war, but for remembering the war." The novel creates its own legends around the riders and pays homage to ancestral competitors.

Coventry was the 2015 winner of the Todd New Writer's Bursary. He was a guest at the 2016 Edinburgh International Book Festival, the International Festival of Authors in Toronto (2017), the New Zealand Festival's Writer's Week (2016), the Auckland Writers Festival (2016), and the Nelson Arts Festival (2016).

As a sound engineer he has produced works for the experimental groups Thela, La Gloria and Empirical He also played in the groups La Gloria and Empirical.


Shanghai Water Gate Museum

The Shanghai Water Gate Museum is a museum in Shanghai, China. It lets people see a water gate from the old path of the Wusong River (today's Suzhou Creek) from 700 years ago. It is free.

The gate itself is an important historical and cultural place protected by China's national government.

The museum's full name the . Its Chinese name is the "Shánghǎi Yuándài Shuǐzhá Yízhǐ Bówùguǎn". It is written as in the older writing used on Hong Kong and Taiwan and in the easier writing used on the mainland.

The museum is at 619 West Yanchang Road in Shanghai's Putuo District. It's at the corner of West Yangchang and Zhidan Roads.

Ren Renfa and his workers built the water gate on the Wusong River around 1300 during the Yuan Dynasty. Today, Suzhou Creek is small and less important than the Huangpu River, but it used to be bigger and more important for all the cities between Suzhou and the East China Sea. Dirt and sand in the river ("silt") slowly made it narrower and narrower. People built the water gate to help stop and wash away some of the dirt. The river changed its path to the south, the old gate became covered with dirt, and people forgot where it was.

Workers found the water gate in May 2001 while they were building new apartment buildings in the area. Once they understood that the stone their machines hit was a very old building, archaeologists came to look at it. The archaeologists started digging in January 2004 and finished in May 2006.

Workers started building the museum in November 2009 and finished on December 31st, 2012.


Bryson Tiller

Bryson Djuan Tiller (born January 3, 1993), is an American singer, songwriter, and rapper from Louisville, Kentucky. He started his career in 2011, releasing the debut mixtape titled "Killer Instinct Vol.1". In 2015, Tiller signed a record deal with RCA Records. In October of the same year, Tiller released his first album, "Trapsoul". His sophomore album, "True to Self", was released in May 2017.

Studio albums

Mixtapes

Bond energy

Bond energy calculations is defined as the measure of bond strength in a chemical bond. IUPAC defines bond energy as the average value of the gas-phase bond dissociation energies (usually at a temperature of 298 K) for all bonds of the same type within the same chemical species.

Phạm Văn Đồng

Phạm Văn Đồng (1 March 1906 – 29 April 2000) was the first Prime Minister of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam since 1976 until his retirement in 1987. Prior to that he had served as the Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam from 1955 to 1976. He was the longest serving Vietnamese Prime Minister (1955-1987). He was the student and associate of President Hồ Chí Minh
.His nickname was Tô which was once his alias.

Lê Duẩn

Lê Duẩn (7 April 1907 – 10 July 1986) was the General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam from 1969 until his death in 1986. Lê Duẩn participated in the formation of the Communist Party of Vietnam, in 1930. During the French colonial rule, he was imprisoned in 1931-36 and 1940-45. Then until 1957 he served as leader of the Communist Party's Sector Section, and became General Secretary in 1960, thus leading the party after Ho Chi Minh. He continued Hồ Chí Minh's policy of ruling through collective leadership. and helped to formulate the party's policy for the development of the socialist economy.

Shilpa Anand

Ohanna Shivanand (born Shilpa Anand, 10 December 1982) is an Indian model, television and movie actress, who has appeared in Tamil,Telugu,Kannada and Hindi movies and worked in many commercials as a model. She is best known for her roles as Dr. Riddhima Gupta in the serial Dill Mill Gayye opposite Karan Singh Grover She also played the role of Dr. Shilpa Malhotra in "Dill Mill Gayye" on fans demand. she was born on 10 December 1982 in South Africa and did her schooling there. Her parents were from India, and Later she moved there with her family. In 2015 she changed her name to Ohanna Shivanand. She is the younger sister of Sakshi Shivanand, who is an actress from South India. She studied at Punjab University, obtaining a master's degree in Computer Applications (MCA), from 2000 to 2003. She worked as a software developer for five years, with Java J2EE application development and E-Learning.

Source

Anand was nominated at several Awards ceremonies in 'Best Actress' category for her role Dr. Riddhima Gupta in the show Dill Mill Gayye such as New Talent Awards in 2008. She won the award alongside Karan Singh Grover for the best on-screen couple in August 2008.


Sinclair Lewis

Harry Sinclair Lewis was a writer who became the first American to win a Nobel Prize.

Võ Văn Kiệt

Võ Văn Kiệt (23 November 1922 – 11 June 2008) was a Vietnamese politician who was Prime Minister of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam from 8 August 1991 until 25 September 1997. He has been praised by the media as having promoted the process of Đổi mới and policy reform in Vietnam since 1986. He was the master engineer of many of the bold projects of the Đổi mới period.

Đổi mới

Đổi mới is the official title given to the current economic system in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. It is described as a multisectoral market economy, where the state sector plays a crucial role in managing economic development with the possible long-term goal of developing socialism.

The socialist-oriented market economy is a product of Đổi mới economic reforms, which led to the replacement of the centrally planned economy with a market-based mixed economy based on state-owned industry. These reforms were implemented to allow Vietnam to participate in the global market economy.

Đổi mới-economic reforms were initiated by the Communist Party of Vietnam in 1986 during the party's sixth national congress. These reforms allowed private ownership of small businesses together with state-owned and collectively-owned companies. In addition, these reforms also played a greater role in market forces in order to coordinate economic activity between companies and public authorities.

Francis Bacon (artist)

Francis Bacon (28 October 1909 – 28 April 1992) was an Irish-born British painter. He was famous for his disturbing paintings of crucifixions, popes, self-portraits, and portraits of close friends. He was one of the most recognized British painters of the 20th century.

Camila (album)

Camila is the debut solo album by Cuban American singer Camila Cabello. She was previously a member of the girl group Fifth Harmony. The album was released on January 12, 2018.

"Camila" entered the US "Billboard" 200 album chart at number one, with 119,000 copies and streaming units sold in its first week. It reached number one in the same week as the single "Havana". As a result, she became only the third artist in history to have their first album and one of its singles both reach number one in the same week. Only Beyoncé and Britney Spears have done this before.

Gert Brauer

Gert Brauer (September 7, 1955 – January 1, 2018) was an East German footballer. He played 270 Oberliga matches in East Germany. He was born in Ronneburg, East Germany (nowadays in Thuringia).

Three of his four international matches for East Germany where part of the UEFA Euro 1980 qualifying.


Yves Afonso

Yves Philippe Afonso (13 February 1944 – 21 January 2018) was a French actor. He was born in Saulieu in the Côte-d'Or "département".

His first movie was "Masculin, féminin" in 1966. Since then, he had many roles, both in movies and on television. He also played in theatre. He normally played supporting roles. He was perhaps best known for his role as Inspector Bricard in "L'Horloger de Saint-Paul", and the black comedy "Week End", where he played Tom Thumb.

Afonso died at his home in Saulieu at the age of 73.

Jimmy Armfield

James Christopher Armfield, CBE, DL (21 September 1935 – 22 January 2018) was an English professional football player and manager. He worked as a football pundit for BBC Radio Five Live. 

Armfield played the whole of his Football League career at Blackpool, usually at right back. Between 1954 and 1971 he played 627 games in all competitions, scored six goals, and spent a decade as the club's captain. He also represented the England national team 43 times between 1959 and 1966, and captained them in 15 games.

Armfield died of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in Blackpool, Lancashire on 22 January 2018 at the age of 82.

England

Bolton Wanderers

Leeds United


Ferdinand de Saussure

Ferdinand de Saussure (26 November 1857 – 22 February 1913) is considered a founding father of modern day linguistics and semiotics. Semiotics is the study of how we attach meaning to the world around us and how we communicate that meaning to others. 

1857- Saussure was born in Geneva, Switzerland.

1870s- Saussure studied Sanskrit, Latin and Ancient Greek at the University of Geneva.

1876-1880- Saussure studies historical linguistics in the German cities of Leipzig and Berlin.

1880- Saussure received his doctorate in Leipzig. He moved to Paris to become a professor in historical linguistics.

1891- Saussure accepted the title of “Chevalier of the Legion of Honor” after teaching for 11 years in Paris, at the École Pratique des Hautes Études. He returned to Geneva, accepting a job as a professor.

1907-1911- For three years in a row, Saussure holds a lecture series about general linguistics.

1913- Saussure dies.

1916- Saussure’s students put together notes from the lectures and publish them in a book called "Cours de linguistique générale" or "Course on General Linguistics"

Saussure was a professor in historical linguistics, which is concerned with how languages relate to each other and how they change over time. This interest in how language changes over time can be called diachrony. Saussure was more interested in synchrony, which doesn’t change over time. This means he looked at the parts of a language, as if they didn’t change. Saussure studied the structure of language without comparing it to other languages and without focusing on change. 

Saussure distinguished two different parts of language, "langue" and "parole". "Langue" is the system of the language or the theory of the language. When we learn a language in school we are learning the “langue” of the language: vocabulary words, grammatical structures, the order of words, etc. "Parole" is how the language is actually spoken. Often times, people speak in a way that is different from how language is taught in schools. We make mistakes, use slang words, and use figurative language. This is all part of parole. Saussure was more interested in studying the langue of a language. Parole was harder to study because the language people speak changes often. Studying the langue allowed Saussure to understand the basic structure of language. 

Saussure wanted to know how people communicate language with each other. In his “Course in General Linguistics”, Saussure first defines language and how it is involved in speech.

Many different factors work together to create language. 
To summarize, Saussure describes language as our ability to represent meaning by using signs (the words themselves and the way they sound when spoken). In the process of communicating with another individual, language can be found in the process of taking meaning from the words that we hear (which make up an “auditory image”). This process is psychological, while producing signs is the physiological process of speech. To study language, we focus on the psychological process.

Language is studied apart from speech. It does not exist among one person but among the community of people that use it. Each member of the community shares a knowledge of the language but cannot change the system of the language individually. Language as a stable system can be studied scientifically, which is the goal of linguistics. 

Saussure also focuses on the arbitrary nature of signs.This means that a word and the sounds that make up a word don’t tell us anything about word means. For example, the word “dog” doesn’t tell us about what a dog is. The letters and sounds chosen are not special.  Most words are chosen in this way. A small amount of words are not. For example in the word “slap”, the letters sound like the noise you hear when you slap something. The arbitrary nature of sounds allows us to make many words. If every letter had a single meaning, then we could only create a small number of words with that letter.

Sherry Ortner

Sherry Beth Ortner (born September 19, 1941) is an American cultural anthropologist and has been a Distinguished Professor of Anthropology at UCLA since 2004.

Ortner grew up in a Jewish family in Newark, New Jersey, and attended Weequahic High School, as did Philip Roth and Richie Roberts. She received her B.A. from Bryn Mawr College in 1962. She then studied anthropology at the University of Chicago with Clifford Geertz and obtained her Ph.D. in anthropology in 1970 for her fieldwork among the Sherpas in Nepal. She has taught at Sarah Lawrence College, the University of Michigan, the University of California, Berkeley, Columbia University, and finally the University of California, Los Angeles, where she currently teaches.


Jane Wagner

Jane Wagner (born February 26, 1935) is an American writer, director, stage actor and producer. She was born in Morristown, Tennessee. Wagner is best known as Lily Tomlin's comedy writer, collaborator and wife. She is the author of "The Search for Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe", "The Incredible Shrinking Woman" and other Tomlin vehicles.

Bruno Giacosa

Bruno Giacosa (1929 – 21 January 2018) was an Italian wine producer. He was born in the village Neive in Piemonte. He produced a number of Barbaresco and Barolo wines, as well as bottlings of Arneis, Barbera, Dolcetto and a sparkling wine. Giacosa was considered a traditionalist. He has been described as the "Genius of Neive".

Giacosa died at his home in Alba, Piemonte of complications from a stroke on 21 January 2018 at the age of 88.

United States federal government shutdown of 2018

A shutdown of the United States federal government began at midnight EST on Saturday, January 20, 2018, after a failure to pass a legislation funding bill for government operations and agencies and ended on Monday, January 22, 2018.

The shutdown was caused from disputes over the status of protection of persons affected by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) immigration policy, and therefore whether those covered under the program should face deportation. There was also a dispute over whether funding should be funded towards building a Mexico–United States border wall, a keystone policy during Donald Trump's presidential campaign.

This is the first shutdown in United States history to occur while both chambers of Congress as well as the White House are controlled by the same party (in this case, the Republican party). The 2018 shutdown began when the Senate failed to approve a House-passed bill to keep the government open. The shutdown began on the first anniversary of Donald Trump taking office.

Spinosauridae

Spinosauridae (meaning 'spined lizards') is a family of carnivorous theropod dinosaurs from the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods. They are unique among other meat-eating dinosaurs from their more water-based lifestyle, which involved a diet of mostly fish. Spinosaurid fossils have been found all over the world, including Asia, South America, Europe, Africa, and Australia.

Spinosaurids had longer arms than most theropods, the claw on the first finger was usually the largest. They evolved jaws like those of crocodiles, and their teeth were long and cone-shaped, made to trap prey in their mouths instead of tearing them apart. Because of this, their teeth usually did not have the strong knife-like edges (called serrations) of a lot of other meat-eating dinosaurs.

The family contains Spinosaurus, the first spinosaurid discovered, and the largest carnivorous dinosaur we know of. Paleontologists suggest it might have reached up to 15 meters (49 ft.) in length.

A study made in 2010 by Roman Amiot and his colleagues found that spinosaurids had very semiaquatic (living partly in water, and partly on land) lifestyles, this means they lived in habitats like those of hippopotamuses, crocodiles, and turtles, making them very unusual compared to other theropods. It also means they could exist at the same time and place as other large predators without competing for food. For example; Carcharodontosaurus, which lived at the same time as Sigilmassasaurus and Spinosaurus, did not need to fight with either of those animals for prey; those spinosaurids ate fish, while Carcharodontosaurus was on land most of the time, hunting smaller dinosaurs.

The family "Spinosauridae" was named by the German paleontologist Ernst Stromer in 1915, he was the one that discovered the first genus in the group, "Spinosaurus". And as scientists discovered more fossils of its close relatives, the family was eventually split into two subfamilies: Baryonychinae, and Spinosaurinae. This was done because of differences in the anatomy of their skulls and teeth.
This is a cladogram made in 2017 showing the relationships between different spinosaurids inside of megalosauroidea.


Romana Acosta Bañuelos

Romana Acosta Bañuelos (March 20, 1925 – January 15, 2018) was an American public servant. She was the thirty-fourth Treasurer of the United States. She was appointed by President Richard Nixon on September 20, 1971. She served from December 17, 1971 to February 14, 1974.

Mary Ellen Withrow

Mary Ellen Hinamon Withrow (born October 2, 1930) is an American public servant. She was the 40th Treasurer of the United States from March 1, 1994 to January 20, 2001 under President Bill Clinton.

She also was Treasurer when the $5, $10, $20, $50, and $100 notes were redesigned in the 1990s.

Pathet Lao

Pathet Lao was a political and communist movement in Laos that was established in the mid-20th century. The organization eventually succeeded in gaining the highest power in Laos after an internal war. war or revolution (against the French and American) that lasted from the 1950s to 1975. The organization had very close relationship with the Vietnamese communists. During the Indochina War, the organization was effectively organized, supported and equipped by the Democratic Republic of Vietnam.

Battle of Route Coloniale 4

Battle of Route Coloniale 4 was a campaign in the First Indochina War carried out by the Việt Minh Army from 16 September to 17 October 1950 to break the isolation of the Việt Bắc base, clear the Vietnam-China border Bridge to receive aid. Another objective was to expand the base and destroy some of the French garrison force, experimenting with tactics for the People's Army of Vietnam at that time with little experience in combat.
In 1949 the French Army was still unable to advance into the Việt Bắc area. The control of the Northern Delta was slow but unstable. Việt Minh gradually reorganized its apparatus and forces, and began organizing large-scale battles against French forces.During the five years of the war against the French in isolation, the Việt Minh actively expanded relations to seek international support. On October 1 1949 the People's Republic of China was established and quickly recognized and established diplomatic relations with the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. Then on January 18, 1950 the Soviet Union and Eastern European countries recognized and established diplomatic relations with the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. The prestige and military capabilities of the Việt Minh Front are growing in the people.

During the same five years, the Việt Minh also adopted overseas Vietnamese organizations in France and left-leaning organizations to fight politics strongly influencing the French people's rising resistance to Indochina War. France fell into an unprecedented political crisis. The Vietnamese State lacked credibility among the people as a puppet government, and its army was too weak to cooperate with French troops in Indochina to win the war. The French government was forced to take into account the US government's plan to accept economic and military aid to pursue the war.

However, after five years of war French troops in Indochina became more and more bogged down in defense. In addition, although the development of the native force, but the quality and the fighting spirit is low it is almost impossible to undertake military tasks instead of the French.

Gulberg, Lahore

Gulberg ) is an administrative town (tehsil) in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It is also a union council (UC 97). It has gained importance as a commercial area.

zameen 

Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals

The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) was an American immigration policy that allowed some individuals who entered the country as minors, and had either entered or remained in the country illegally, to receive a renewable two-year period of deferred action from deportation and to be eligible for a work permit. 

As of 2017, about 800,000 individuals—referred to as Dreamers after the DREAM Act bill—were enrolled in the program created by DACA. The policy was established by the Obama Administration in June 2012 and rescinded by the Trump Administration in September 2017. In November 2014 President Barack Obama announced his intention to expand DACA to cover additional illegal immigrants. But multiple states immediately sued to prevent the expansion, which was ultimately blocked by the courts.

Niles, Illinois

Niles is a village in Maine and Niles townships, Cook County, Illinois, United States. The 2020 population from the U.S. Census Bureau was 30,912.

Siamosaurus

Siamosaurus (meaning 'Siamese lizard') is a carnivorous theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Thailand. It is only known from fossil teeth, so paleontologists don't know much about its size, but it might have reached a length of 9.1 meters (30 ft). The teeth that were discovered looked a lot like those of Spinosaurus, so it probably ate fish.

A study made in 2010 by Roman Amiot and his colleagues compared the teeth of spinosaurids like "", "", "Siamosaurus", and "" to other meat-eating dinosaurs. They found that spinosaurids had very semiaquatic (living partly in water, and partly on land) lifestyles. This means they lived in habitats like those of hippopotamuses, crocodiles, and turtles. It also means they could exist at the same time and place as other large predators without competing for food.

Cristatusaurus

Cristatusaurus was a carnivorous theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of West Africa. Its fossils look very similar to the ones from "Baryonyx" and "Suchomimus." 

The first specimens were found in Niger in 1973 by a French paleontologist named Philippe Taquet. The name of the animal refers to the Latin word for crest, ""crista"," because it had a crest on its snout. The species ""lapparenti"" is named after another French paleontologist called Albert-Félix de Lapparent. The fossils discovered so far include two broken snout bones, some pieces from the upper and lower jaws, a claw, and four backbones (also called <nowiki>"vertebrae"). Scientists aren'</nowiki>t sure if "Cristatusaurus" is a new species, some of them say it could be the same dinosaur as "Suchomimus" or "Baryonyx."

Al-Qassim Region

Al-Qassim Region (, Minṭaqat al-Qaṣīm [ælqɑˈsˤiːm]) is one of the thirteen administrative regions of Saudi Arabia. It has a population of 1,370,727. It has an area of . It is known to be the "alimental basket" of the country, for its agricultural assets. Al-Qassim is the richest region per capita in Saudi Arabia. It is the seventh most populated region in the country after Jizan. It is the fifth most densely populated region. Its capital city is Buraydah.

Eric Wiebes

Eric Derk Wiebes (born March 12, 1963 in Delft) is a Dutch politician. He is a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD).

He was minister of Economic Affairs and Climate in the Third Rutte cabinet from October 26, 2017 until January 15, 2021.

Wiebes studied mechanical engineering at Delft University of Technology, and obtained a Master of Business Administration at INSEAD.

He worked at Royal Dutch Shell, McKinsey & Company, OC&C Strategy Consultants, and at the Ministry of Economic Affairs.

He was an alderman of Amsterdam from 2010 to 2014, and deputy minister of Finance in the Second Rutte cabinet from 2014 to 2017.


APEX flight academy

The APEX flight academy based in Taitung Airport, Taiwan, is a flight school started in 2014.

Known because it is the first and only school approved by the Civil Aviation Authority in Taiwan. It has aircrafts and flight simulators.

In 2018, the school signed an partnership deal with the French Civil Aviation University to conduct EASA certified trainings.


General Santos City

General Santos City or General Santos, also known former named as Dadiangas, is a city in the Philippines. It is considered the tuna capital of the Philippines, located at Southern Central Mindanao in Soccsksargen region. It is classified as a highly urbanized city. It ranges from generally flat with scattered hills and isolated mountains in neighboring South Cotabato and Sarangani province, General Santos is an independent city from South Cotabato.

General Santos City celebrates the "Kalilangan Festival" every month of February "Kalilangan" It is a social gathering marked by exchanging of amenities among traditional leaders, elders, allies, and subordinates in varying tones, The Tuna Festival is also celebrates in Month 5th of September, mean named "Tuna Capital of the Philippines, The Pacquiao Mansion is one of the place often visit in this city. People usually take of pictures in the front f Pacquiao's mansion, Another place to go also the Plaza Heneral it is actually big rutonda in the city it is the front the city hall. And you will find also a big monument dedicated to whom this twon is named by General Paulino Santos born from Camiling, Tarlac, One place you should not miss this tuna fish port located at Brgy. Tambler, this port is the most modern fisgh port in Mindanao, its just not Mindanao, to be the whole in Philippines.

Dedicated to this name, Gen. Paulino Santos is placed on a 4.8 hectare land owned by the government of Philippines. People from different walks of life can enjoy in park day and night.

Buses and modern services vehicles are served in this city, as well as air transportation, The "General Santos International Airport", stylized named as "General Santos City Airport". Hub airline for Philippine Airlines, Cebu Pacific, AirAsia and others.



Vietnam People's Public Security

Vietnam People's Public Security is the key armed force of the Communist Party of Vietnam and the state of Socialist Republic of Vietnam as the core and shock in the cause of protecting national security and maintaining the order and safety of the commune. Association of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. The People's Public Security Forces has the function of advising the Communist Party of Vietnam and the State of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam on the protection of national security and preservation of social order and safety; To exercise unified management over the protection of national security and preserve social order and safety; To fight against the conspiracy, activities of hostile forces, assorted crimes and violations of the law on national security, social order and safety. The Vietnamese People's Police is placed under absolute and direct leadership in all aspects of the Communist Party of Vietnam, the domination of the State President, the unified management of the Government and direct and direct management. Next of the Minister of Public Security. The slogan of the force from the early days was "Protecting Homeland Security.

Iloilo City

Iloilo City is the capital city of the province
of Iloilo, Philippines. In 2015, 447,992 people lived there. The city is located on the banks of the Iloilo river and lies to the northwest of the island Guimaras. It is one hour south of the province of Capiz. People from the city are called Ilonggos.


Mu (unit of area)

Mu (Chinese: 亩; pinyin: mǔ or 畝, mǔ) is a unit of area measurement used in the Far East, and particularly in China, where it is officially standardised.

It corresponds to 1/15 of a hectare, or about 666.67 m. 

Lucena City

Lucena, officially the City of Lucena () is a first class highly urbanized city. It is the capital city of the province of Quezon, Philippines. In 2015, 266,248 people lived there.


Second Rutte cabinet

The Second Rutte cabinet, also called "Rutte II cabinet" or "Rutte II", was a Dutch cabinet, which governed the Netherlands from November 5, 2012 until October 26, 2017 (outgoing from March 14, 2017).

It consisted of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Labor Party (PvdA).

The Prime Minister was Mark Rutte (VVD), the Deputy Prime Minister Lodewijk Asscher (PvdA).

Although Rutte II lost its small minority in the Second Chamber in November 2016, and had no minority in the First Chamber at all, it managed to fulfill its entire period.

It was preceded by the First Rutte cabinet and has been succeeded by the Third Rutte cabinet.



Jolly Grant Airport

Situated 25km east of Dehradun city, Jolly Grant Airport is nestled in the foothills of Himalayas. The proximity of Jolly Grant Airport with popular places like Dehradun, Mussoorie, Haridwar and Rishikesh enables tourists to fly in to Uttarakhand instead of travelling by rail or by road. The distance from Jolly Grant Airport to Rishikesh and Dehradun can be easily covered in 20 and 40 minutes respectively. Several efforts are being made by the government of Uttarakhand to rope in more airlines as it will help in improving the tourism sector.

Jolly Grant is the largest commercial airport of Uttarakhand. This airport is centrally located between Dehradun, Haridwar and Rishikesh cities. Daily several flights are operates from here by airline players like IndiGo, Jet Airways, Spice Jet and Air India towards New Delhi International Airport. Tourists can board connecting flights towards cities like Bangalore, Mumbai, Chennai and Hyderabad via Delhi from here. Now domestic flights are also available from Dehradun Airport.

John Byron (died 1623)

Sir John Byron MP (1562-1623) was an English nobleman, politician, knight, and Member of Parliament for Nottinghamshire in 1597. He was the son of Sir John Byron (died 1600). He had one daughter and ten sons, including some Cavalier commanders in the English Civil War: John Byron, 1st Baron Byron, Richard Byron, 2nd Baron Byron, Sir Robert Byron, Sir Philip Byron, and Sir Thomas Byron.


John Byron (died 1600)

Sir John Byron Kt (ca. 1526 – 1600) was an Elizabethan English nobleman, landowner, politician, and knight. He was also known as Little Sir John with the Great Beard.

He was the son of Sir John Byron (died 1567) and lived at Clayton Hall, Manchester, and later Royton, both then in Lancashire and later still at Newstead Abbey in Nottinghamshire, which he inherited from his father.

He was High Sheriff of Lancashire in 1572 and High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire in 1596. He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth I of England in 1579.

He married Alice Strelley and had four sons and three daughters. His eldest son was Anthony who died before him in 1587 and thus he was succeeded by his son Sir John Byron (died 1623). One of his daughters was married to Sir Thomas Hutchinson of Owthorpe, Nottinghamshire. Their daughter Margaret Hutchinson is an ancestor of U.S. President Andrew Jackson.

John Byron (died 1567)

Sir John Byron MP (1488–1567) was an English nobleman, politician, and knight of the Tudor era, He was Member of Parliament for Nottinghamshire in 1529.

He was the son and heir of Sir Nicolas Byron, who was knighted by Prince Arthur in 1502.

Sir John lived at Colwick in Nottinghamshire, before being granted Newstead Abbey in the same county by Henry VIII of England on 26 May 1540. He was appointed Lieutenant of Sherwood Forest. He was also Steward of Manchester and Rochdale. He was a trusted adviser to Henry VIII, and was at court most of his life. He started work on Newstead, making it into a home for his family.

He was appointed Sheriff of Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire for 1523–24, 1527–28, 1542–43 and 1551–52. He was Custos Rotulorum of Nottinghamshire by 1562.

He married twice: firstly Isabel Lenington, by whom he had no issue and secondly Elizabeth Costerdine, the daughter of William Costerdine of Lancashire, and also the widow of George Halgh of Halgh, Lancashire, with whom he had a son, Sir John Byron (died 1600), who was knighted by Queen Elizabeth I of England and his great-grandson became the first Baron Byron.

Nicolas Byron

Sir Nicolas Byron KB (1416-1503) was an English nobleman, politician, and knight. He was the younger son of Sir John Byron (died 1450). He was created a Knight of the Bath by Arthur, Prince of Wales on the occasion of Prince Arthur's marriage on 14 November 1501.

Sir Nicholas Byron married Joan Bushler, a daughter of Sir John Bushler of Haugham, Lincolnshire and Elizabeth Berkeley. He was the father of Sir John Byron (died 1567). Joan survived her husband and married Sir Gervase Clifton of Clifton, Nottingham.

John Byron (died 1450)

Sir John Byron MP (1386–1450) was an English nobleman, landowner, politician, and knight. He had estates in Clayton near Manchester and at South Stoke (now Stoke Rochford) in Lincolnshire. He was Member of Parliament for Lancashire in 1421 and 1429, and for Lincolnshire in 1447. He was the son and heir of Sir Richard Byron (1354-1415), He married Margery Booth, daughter of John Booth. His son Sir Nicolas Byron inherited his estates.

Sigilmassasaurus

Sigilmassasaurus was a carnivorous theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Africa. Its name means "'"'Sijilmassa lizard", referring to the name of the city near the place where its fossils were found. Its species name "brevicollis" is Latin for "short neck", because the neck bones of the animal are very short.
It was found and named by a Canadian paleontologist called Dale Russel in 1996, he found the fossils in Morocco at a fossil site called the Kem Kem Formation. The rocks the skeleton was found in are as old as the Cenomanian, which is the earliest stage of the Late Cretaceous Period, 100 to 94 million years ago.

Several large predatory dinosaurs weighing more than one tonne are known from the Late cretaceous of North Africa, this made paleontologists wonder how so many of them would have lived together. "Sigilmassasaurus" existed in the same time and place as other huge meat-eating dinosaurs like "Spinosaurus, Carcharodontosaurus, Deltadromeus," and "Bahariasaurus." The situation is a lot like in the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation of North America, where there were up to five meat-eating dinosaurs weighing more than a tonne, as well as many smaller ones. The difference between their sizes and what they ate could explain why they could live so close to each other, scientists compared this to how predatory animals live alongside each-other in the African savanna.

Suchosaurus

Suchosaurus (meaning "crocodile lizard") is a carnivorous theropod dinosaur from Cretaceous England, it was mistaken for a genus of Crocodile when it was found. The first fossils were of its teeth, two species have been named so far.

In 1820, scientist Gideon Mantell got hold of some fossilized teeth discovered near East Sussex, and in 1822, the British naturalist William Clift identified them as crocodile teeth. Two years later in 1824, Georges Cuvier mentioned them in the first interpretation of a spinosaurid fossil. But at the time, paleontologists didn't know about the crocodile-like teeth of spinosaurids

In 1897 the second species ""Suchosaurus girardi"" was named, after two pieces of its jaw and one tooth were found in Portugal.

During the nineteenth and most of the twentieth century, scientists thought that "Suchosaurus" was probably some kind of obscure Crocodilian. But in 1998, paleontologist Angela Milner was publishing a new description of "Baryonyx", and she realized that the teeth of that spinosaurid dinosaur were extremely similar to those from "Suchosaurus". Later in 2003, she suggested that they could be the same animal. "Suchosaurus" teeth are also very close to the ones from "Cristatusaurus" and "Suchomimus", all this means it has the general features of a member from the family Baryonychinae.


Complex analysis

Complex analysis is the area of mathematical analysis that looks at functions on the complex numbers. It has a wide range of uses, including algebraic geometry and analytic number theory, and areas of physics, such as string theory and quantum mechanics. Augustin-Louis Cauchy is normally credited with founding complex analysis, building on the work of Gauss and Euler. Other mathematicians that made significant advances in this field include Riemann, Weierstrass, Kiyoshi Oka and Lars Ahlfors.


Miyako Sumiyoshi

Sumiyoshi competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, in the 500 meters (14th) and in the 1000 meters (22nd).

On 20 January 2018, she was found dead in her home in Nagano at the age of 30.

Reinier Kreijermaat

Reinier Kreijermaat (25 April 1935 – 22 January 2018) was a Dutch footballer. He was active as a midfielder in the 1960s. He was born in Utrecht, the Netherlands. He made his debut for USV Elinkwijk in 1956. He played for Elinkwijk until 1959, when he moved to Dutch heavyweights Feyenoord.


Beihang University

Beihang University is a public university located in Beijing, China. It is specialized in aeronautics and aerospace.


Dương Văn Minh

Dương Văn Minh (16 February 1916 – 6 August 2001) was a former General of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam. He came from the first course at the French Military Academy of the Indochinese Confederation in the southeastern part of Vietnam for the purpose of training indigenous people to become officers serving the Colonial Army. During his active service, he was assigned to specialized positions in Command and General Staff. He was one of the few officers to be promoted to the rank of General of the Republic (Major General in 1955) and was also one of five soldiers who were promoted to General in the Armed Forces of the Republic of Vietnam. He was also a politician who held the position as Head of state in the period (1963 - 1964) and was the last president of the Republic of Vietnam. Although he held the throne briefly for only three days (from April 28 to April 30, 1975), he was credited with saving the city from the devastation. Called on the South Vietnamese Armed Forces to cease fire and surrender unconditionally at the request of the National Liberation Front when they began attacking the city on April 30, 1975 during the Ho Chi Minh Campaign.

Lari White

Lari Michele White (; May 13, 1965 – January 23, 2018) was an American country music artist and actress. 

White had a recording contract with RCA Records Nashville. She produced three studio albums, a greatest hits package, and several chart singles, with three of her singles having reached Top Ten: "That's My Baby" and "That's How You Know (When You're In Love)" at No. 10, and "Now I Know" at No. 5. A fourth studio album was released in 1998 on Lyric Street Records, followed by two more releases on White's own label, Skinny White Girl. Overall, White charted 12 times on the "Billboard" country music charts.

White had a small role in the movie "Cast Away".

In November 2017, White was diagnosed with advanced peritoneal cancer. She died on January 23, 2018 in Nashville at the age of 52.



Primary peritoneal carcinoma

Primary peritoneal cancer or carcinoma is also known as serous surface papillary carcinoma, primary peritoneal carcinoma, extra-ovarian serous carcinoma, primary serous papillary carcinoma, psammomacarcinoma. It was historically classified under "carcinoma of unknown primary" (CUP). Primary peritoneal cancer (PPC, or PPCa) is a cancer of the cells lining the peritoneum, or abdominal cavity.

Prognosis and treatment is the same as for the most common type of ovarian cancer, which is epithelial ovarian cancer.

The median survival of primary peritoneal carcinomas is usually shorter by 2–6 months time when compared with serous ovarian cancer.

Wyatt Tee Walker

Wyatt Tee Walker (August 16, 1929 – January 23, 2018) was an African-American pastor, national civil rights leader, theologian, and cultural historian. He was born in Brockton, Massachusetts. 

Walker served as a chief of staff for Martin Luther King, Jr.. In 1958,Walker became an early board member of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC). He helped found a Congress for Racial Equality (CORE) chapter in 1958. As executive director of the SCLC from 1960 to 1964.

Walker died on January 23, 2018, at his home in Chester, Virginia. He was 88.


Hugh Masekela

Hugh Ramapolo Masekela (4 April 1939 – 23 January 2018) was a South African trumpeter, flugelhornist, cornetist, composer and singer. He has been described as the "father of South African jazz." Masekela was known for his jazz compositions and for writing well-known anti-apartheid songs such as "Soweto Blues" and "Bring Him Back Home".

Masekela died in Johannesburg on 23 January 2018 from prostate cancer, aged 78.

Naomi Parker

Naomi Parker Fraley (August 26, 1921 – January 20, 2018) was an American war worker and waitress. She is thought to be the likely model for the iconic "We Can Do It!" poster. She did not know that the poster had become famous and Geraldine Hoff Doyle was given credit as the model. The poster is mistakenly known as the Rosie the Riveter poster. It has become a cultural icon in the 1980s. She was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

After the war, Parker worked as a waitress in Palm Springs, California. She was married three times. In February 2017 she moved to the Longview, Washington, area.

Professor James J. Kimble began researching who the real Rosie the Riveter was, and believed it was based on a picture of Parker taken in 1942. He believed it could not have been Geraldine Doyle because she barely worked in factories because she was still in school. Through this, Parker based on current evidence, is believed to be the real-life Rosie the Riveter.

Parker died in Longview on January 20, 2018 at the age of 96.

We Can Do It!

"We Can Do It!" is an American wartime propaganda poster. J. Howard Miller made it in 1943 for Westinghouse Electric. It was used to inspire female workers to keep working. It became popular in the 1980s feminist movement. 

The poster was very little seen during World War II. It was rediscovered in the early 1980s and widely reproduced in many forms, often called "We Can Do It!" but also called "Rosie the Riveter" (modeled by Naomi Parker) after the iconic figure of a strong female war production worker.

The image has become very popular. It has been used to support feminism. Feminists used the image in a different way than it was used during World War II. Feminists used it to support women working together against gender equality. In World War II, it was used to make workers keep working. The image was the cover of the "Smithsonian" magazine in 1994. The US Postal Service put it on a mail stamp in 1999.

Simon Shelton

Simon Shelton (13 January 1966 – 17 January 2018), also known as Simon Barnes, was a British actor. He was best known for playing Dark Knight in the "Incredible Games", and Tinky Winky in the BBC children's show "Teletubbies".

Shelton was born on 13 January 1966 in Shepherd's Bush, London.

Shelton played Dark Knight in "Incredible Games" from 1994 to 1995. Simon played Tinky Winky in the BBC children's show "Teletubbies". He replaced the original actor Dave Thompson who was asked to leave the show in July 1997. 
Shelton was married to Emma Robbins, had three children, and lived in Ampthill, Bedfordshire. He was the uncle of "The Inbetweeners" actress Emily Atack. 

He died on 17 January 2018.

Roveena

Roveena is a Canadian singer and recording artist based in Toronto. Roveena is a member of the Canadian Songwriters Association

Roveena graduated from University of Waterloo where she studied piano and composition. Roveena started her music career in 2010, when she began posting song covers on YouTube including the Etta James classic "At Last", and was invited to perform live on CITY TV Breakfast Television. Roveena was also invited to sing the national anthem at various Toronto Blue Jays and NFL games. In 2012, Roveena made it to the Top 10 on the singing competition show TVI’s Superstar.

In 2016, she collaborated with Lymphoma Cancer Canada and became a Brand Ambassador of the organization.


Gordon the Big Engine

Gordon the Big Engine is a fictional anthropomorphic tender locomotive in "The Railway Series" books by Reverend Wilbert Vere Awdry and is one of the central characters in the television series "Thomas and Friends", which is based on the books. He is painted blue and carries the number 4. Gordon views himself as the most important engine because he is the biggest and he pulls the Express.

His first appearance in the Railway Series was in Book 1, "The Three Railway Engines". The eighth book in the series was dedicated to him, as was the thirty-first.


Toby the Tram Engine

Toby the Tram Engine is a fictional anthropomorphic tram engine in The Railway Series by the Reverend Wilbert Vere Awdry and his son, Christopher; he also appears in the spin-off television series "Thomas & Friends". Toby, a tram engine with cowcatchers and sideplates, carries the North Western Railway running number seven and works on the same Ffarquhar branch line as Thomas the Tank Engine.

Toby first appeared in the seventh book in The Railway Series, "Toby the Tram Engine" in 1952, and appeared in several subsequent books. The second book focused on Toby was the sixth of Christopher Awdry's books, "Toby, Trucks and Trouble".

Amiibo

An amiibo (in Japanese: アミーボ) is an action figure of a Nintendo character. These action figures can be used in some video games on the Nintendo 3DS, Wii U, and Nintendo Switch.

Camila Cabello

Karla Camila Cabello Estrabao (born March 3, 1997), known simply as Camila Cabello, is a Cuban-born American singer. She began her career in 2013 as a contestant on the American version of "The X Factor". She was eliminated from the show but was brought back with four other girl contestants to create the group Fifth Harmony. That group finished in third place.

She launched a solo career in December 2016, leading to successful songs like "Crying in the Club" and "Havana", which became her first number-one song in the US. Havanna was number 1 in the UK for four weeks and it still is in the charts. Her debut solo album, "Camila", was also at the top of the charts the same week as "Havana" did, making her only the third artist to have their first album and a single at the top of the charts at the same time.

Karla Camila Cabello Estrabao was born on March 3, 1997, in Cojimar, Cuba. When she was six, she moved to Miami, Florida, with her Cuban mother and Mexican father. She has a younger sister, Sofia (born April 2, 2007).

In 2012, at age 15, she entered the second season of the American reality-talent show X Factor where she was grouped with four other young female contestants to form the girl group Fifth Harmony. They ended up placing third in the show, then went on to have success in the mainstream music industry as well, with hits such as "Worth It" (2015), and "Work from Home" (2016).

On December 18, 2016, Cabello announced that she was leaving Fifth Harmony.

Cabello released several singles throughout 2017. Her most successful, "Havana", with rapper Young Thug, was released in August of that year, as the lead single from her first solo album. The song was at the top of charts in Canada, Australia, and the UK. After spending seven weeks at number two in the US, the song reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for the week ending January 27, 2018.

Her debut solo album, "Camila", was released on January 12, 2018. It entered at the top of the "Billboard" 200 album chart in the US with over 119,000 combined streams and copies sold. With this, she became only the third artist in history to have their first number-one album and first number-one single in the same week. Only Beyoncé and Britney Spears have done this before in 2003 and 1999, respectively.

She began dating Canadian singer Shawn Mendes in July 2019. The relationship caused controversy, as both were accused of attempting to form a relationship for publicity, but Mendes insisted it was "definitely not a publicity stunt". The relationship was confirmed after the release of their song "Señorita". In November 2021, Cabello and Mendes announced their breakup.

Swisscom

Swisscom AG is the main telecommunications provider in Switzerland. The headquarters are located at Worblaufen near Bern.


Flag of Eritrea

The flag of Eritrea has a red isosceles triangle based on the hoist-side pointed toward the fly-side and then divided into two right triangles. The upper triangle is green and the lower triangle is blue with an Emblem (1952-1962) in gold (a vertical olive branch encircled by an olive wreath) centered on the hoist side of the triangle.

Jozias van Aartsen

Jozias Johannes van Aartsen (born December 25, 1947 in The Hague) is a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD).

He was acting mayor of Amsterdam from December 2017 till July 2018.

Previously Van Aartsen was mayor of The Hague, acting queen's commissioner of the Province of Drenthe, a foreign affairs and agricultural minister, an MP, and also VVD political and parliamentary leader.

He started his career as a civil servant.

Jozias van Aartsen is married with three children.


Flag of Comoros

The flag of Comoros was created in 2002.

It has four horizontal stripes of yellow, white, red, and blue, with a green chevron based on the hoist side charged with a white crescent and four five-pointed stars.

The four stripes mean the four islands of Comoros: The yellow stripe is for Mohéli, the white stripe is for Mayotte, the red stripe is for Anjouan, and the blue stripe is for Grande Comore. The four stars on the flag also mean these four islands. The star and crescent symbol stands for Islam, because it is the main religion of Comoros.

Selma, Switzerland

Selma was a municipality of the district Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015, the municipalities of Arvigo, Braggio, Cauco and Selma combined and became the new municipality of Calanca.

Rimbach-près-Masevaux

Rimbach-près-Masevaux is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

The villages of Basse Bers, Ermensbach, Grossenberg, Haute Bers, Horben, Johannesberg, Langmatt, Neuerbet, Riedelsbourg, Riesenwald and Ruchberg are in this commune.



Calanca, Switzerland

Calanca is a municipality of the district of Moesa in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Arvigo, Braggio, Cauco and Selma merged to form the new municipality of Calanca.

Flag of Tanzania

The flag of Tanzania has a yellow-fimbriated black diagonal band, divided diagonally from the lower hoist-side corner, with a green upper triangle and blue lower triangle.

Bình Dương province

Bình Dương is a province in the Southeast region of Vietnam. Bình Dương's current capital is Thủ Dầu Một the seventh largest province in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.

Bình Dương has traditional villages, such as wood carving, pottery and lacquer painting. Since ancient times, art pottery, lacquerware and sculpture of Bình Dương have participated in international fairs and also exported to France and many countries in the region.

When the August Revolution broke out, the province commissioned a general uprising to seize power in Bình Dương and establish a provincial People's Committee. In mid-September, the provincial People's Committee changed its name to the Provincial Resistance Administrative Committee. At the end of September 1945, the British-French alliance opened fire to recapture the South. The Democratic Republic of Vietnam in South Vietnam decides the South resistance. Implementing the policy of "dissolving" of the Communist Party of Vietnam. On 11 November 1945 the provincial Party Committee also proceeded to "dissolve", actually developing the revolutionary movement under the name Việt Minh.

2018 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2018 Atlantic hurricane season was a near-normal season but above-average in terms of Accumulated Cyclone Energy. There were 15 named storms, 8 hurricanes, and 2 major hurricanes in which tropical cyclones were formed in the Northern Hemisphere at the Atlantic basin. They caused a total of over $50 billion (2018 USD) in damages and at least 172 deaths. The hurricane season officially started on June 1, and officially ended on November 30.

Subtropical Storm Alberto in late May was the first storm of the season that formed on May 25. This was the fourth consecutive season in which storms formed before the official start of the hurricane season. Beryl became the first hurricane of the season in early July. Florence became the first major hurricane of the season on September 5. Michael became the second major hurricane of the season on October 9, and a day later, it became the third-most intense hurricane to make landfall in the United States in terms of pressure, behind the 1935 Labor Day hurricane and Hurricane Camille of 1969. As Michael became a Category 5, 2018 became a third consecutive season to feature at least one Category 5 hurricane (Matthew in 2016; Irma and Maria in 2017). This season is the first on record to see seven storms that were subtropical at some point in their lifetimes (Alberto, Beryl, Debby, Ernesto, Joyce, Leslie, and Oscar). The season ended with Hurricane Oscar on October 31.

The following list of names were to be used for naming storms that will be formed in the North Atlantic in 2018. Any retired names will be announced by the World Meteorological Organization in the spring of 2019. The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2024 season. This is the same list used in the 2012 season, with the exception of the name Sara which replaced Sandy.



The storm names "Florence" and "Michael" were retired by the World Meteorological Organization on March 20, 2019, and they will not be used again for another Atlantic hurricane. They will be replaced with "Francine" and "Milton" for the 2024 season, respectively.

Dawood Sarkhosh

Dawood Sarkhosh is a singer, songwriter and poet from Afghanistan. 
He makes most of his songs himself.

Dawood Sarkhosh has held many concerts in various countries such as Australia, Russia, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Pakistan and Iran.

Dawood Sarkhosh was born on 1971 in a family of Hazara people in Daykundi, Afghanistan.

Dawood Sarkhosh has already released 5 albums officially.


Rajanpur

Rajanpur (Urdu: راجن پُور‬‎), is a capital city of Rajanpur District in Punjab, Pakistan. The district is located west of the Indus River.

Miandam

Miandam is a hill station and tourist place in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It lies above sea level.

Leona Helmsley

Leona Helmsley (July 4, 1920 – August 20, 2007) was an American businesswoman. She was known for having a flamboyant personality. She had a reputation for tyrannical behavior; she was nicknamed the Queen of Mean.

She owned many hotels, apartment buildings and condominiums.

Helmsley was found guilty in 1989 of tax evasion, false personal tax returns and mail fraud. She served some time in prison for the crimes.

Helmsley was born in Marbletown, New York. She died from heart failure at age 87 in Greenwich, Connecticut.

Jack Ketchum

Dallas Mayr (November 10, 1946 – January 24, 2018), better known by his pseudonym Jack Ketchum, was an American author and screenwriter. He was born in Livingston, New Jersey. He was best known for writing the 1989 crime novel "The Girl Next Door".

Many of his novels have been made to movies, including "Red" and "The Woman". In 2011, Ketchum received the World Horror Convention Grand Master Award for outstanding contribution to the horror genre.

Ketchum died on January 24, 2018 in New York City of pancreatic cancer at the age of 71.


Billy Hancock

William C. Hancock Jr. (known as Billy Hancock) (November 4, 1946 – January 22, 2018) was an American singer, guitarist, bassist and multi-instrumental recording artist. He has made many recordings, primarily in the rockabilly genre but also has a large body of recorded work in rock 'n' roll, blues, jazz, rhythm & blues, and country music. He was known for his songs "Shakin' That Rockabilly Fever" and "".

Hancock died in La Plata, Maryland on January 22, 2018 of complications from cirrhosis at the age of 71.

Chartchai Chionoi

Chartchai Chionoi (; ) Chartchai Laemfapha (; ) or birth name Naris Chionoi (; ; October 10, 1942 – January 21, 2018) was a former professional Thai boxer, WBC World champion & WBA World champion in the flyweight division. Chionoi took the WBC World Flyweight Title two successive times and the WBA Title one successive times before finally relinquishing it. He was born near Hua Lamphong Station, Pathum Wan District, Bangkok.

Chionoi died on January 21, 2018 of pneumonia complicated from Parkinson's disease in Bangkok at the age of 75.


Phil Bredesen

Philip Norman Bredesen Jr. (born November 21, 1943) is an American politician, author and entrepreneur. He served as the 48th Governor of Tennessee from 2003 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was first elected in 2002 with 50.6% of the vote, and was reelected in 2006 with 68.0%. He served as the 66th Mayor of Nashville from 1991 to 1999.

On December 6, 2017, Bredesen announced he would run for Bob Corker's open seat in the United States Senate, as Corker announced he would not seek reelection in 2018. In August 2018, he became the Democratic nominee. He lost the election to Marsha Blackburn.

Richard Fulton

Richard Harmon "Dick" Fulton (January 27, 1927 – November 28, 2018) was a Democratic politician. He served as a member of the Tennessee State Senate and of the United States House of Representatives, and the second mayor of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville, Tennessee.

Fulton died on November 28, 2018 under hospice care in Nashville at the age of 91.

Marilyn Lloyd

Rachel Marilyn Lloyd (née Laird; January 3, 1929 – September 19, 2018) was an American businesswoman and politician. She served for ten terms as member of the United States House of Representatives serving from 1975 to 1995.

Lloyd died on September 19, 2018 in Chattanooga, Tennessee from complications of pneumonia at the age of 89.

Robert Lowie

Robert Harry Lowie (born ""; June 12, 1883 – September 21, 1957) was an Austrian-born American anthropologist.

He was born on June 12, 1883 to an Austrian mother and Hungarian father in Vienna. He lived there until he was ten years old then moved to New York City. In New York he surrounded himself with German friends and family and even continued to speak Viennese at home. For the rest of his life he felt like a member of both American and German-Austrian cultures. He studied Latin, Greek, philosophy, and science at the City College of New York until he graduated in 1901. Then he worked as a teacher in New York City public schools for three years. In 1904 he started to go to Columbia University for graduate school and it was there that he met Franz Boas, a famous anthropologist. Boas became Lowie's teacher and role model. Lowie liked Boas because of their shared German background and similar interest in details rather than abstractions about human cultures. As a student of Boas, Lowie was tasked with writing a thesis about the Native American Crow tribe, which is what ended up sparking his interest in other tribes. He graduated from Columbia with his Ph.D in 1908 and worked at the Natural History Museum in New York City from then until 1921. He enjoyed researching and writing, so he continued to do those things throughout his life. He did extensive ethnographic field work during this time and studied more than nine Native American tribes throughout his lifetime. He was a teacher at UC Berkeley from 1921 to 1950.

One of Boas's main interests and most passionate arguments was that of individual variation. As Stefan Bargheer writes, "the notion of individual variability in the work of Lowie […started] in the 1910s […]. Lowie's argument was initially directed against race scholars […] who argued that the Nordic race displayed a higher range of variation than other races and could thus be assumed to produce a particularly high number of exceptional individuals, which ensured the superiority of the culture produced by this race." Instead he argued that there really were no differences in the range of variation between races. 

Although the popular belief in the early 20th century was that the white race was better than all others, Lowie argued against racism, saying that all races had individual variation present within them and that no one race was superior. He used statistics to argue that "the differences in cultural achievements between groups was a function of their population size and thus of the total number of outstanding individuals-not of the rate at which such individuals occurred."

He realized that because bigger populations have more people they are more likely to have a higher number of very smart individuals. He also applied his beliefs to primitive societies, arguing that they too had individual variation. In Primitive Society (1920) he argues "that mental processes are not only comparable but identical in the simpler and the higher civilizations." His interests were always primarily in culture and psychology. He specifically studied issues in race, environment, nature, and relationships. He believed that people were different, but he did not believe that one race was superior to others even though this belief was common during WWII when he was alive.

He fought for German scientists during the war, and against scientific racism, which is when scientific evidence is used to try to justify the discrimination against certain peoples. He also argued against the belief that cultures create people with identical personalities, spread by his two peers Margaret Mead and Ruth Benedict. Mead and Benedict thought people within the same culture had very similar personality traits and that at least primitive cultures were more or less invariant.

His most famous books are Primitive Society (1920), Culture and Ethnology (1917), History of Ethnological Theory (1937), Primitive Religion (1924), Are We Civilized (1929), Introduction to Cultural Anthropology (1934), The German People (1945), and Toward Understanding Germany (1954). He even contributed 33 papers to Selected Papers in Anthropology (1960) between the years 1911 and 1957.


McKayla Maroney

McKayla Rose Maroney (born December 9, 1995) is a retired American artistic gymnast and singer. She won several gold medals during her career. She was a member of the American women's gymnastics team, called the Fierce Five, at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She won a gold medal at these Olympic Games. She also won gold medals at the 2011 World Championships and the 2013 World Championships.

In 2012, Maroney won the silver medal in the vault finals. She wasn't happy with the winning. In one photograph, her lips were toward the left side of her face. Then-President Barack Obama copied the pose in November 2012.

In 2016, Maroney retired from competitive gymnastics.

Maroney was born in Aliso Viejo, California.

Saulieu

Saulieu, Burgundian: "Saûyeu", is a commune in the arrondissement of Montbard in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France. It is the capital of the Morvan Region.

About 2,500 people were living in Saulieu in 2015.


Tere Liye

Tere Liye is a Hindi-language Indian television series of the romantic drama genre. It was aired on Star Plus and was produced by Balaji Telefilms.


Moshe Sharett

Moshe Sharett, Hebrew: משה שרת , born "Moshe Shertok", Hebrew: משה שרתוק‬, (October 15, 1894 in Kherson (Russian Empire, nowadays Ukraine) - July 7, 1965 in Jerusalem) was an Israeli politician of Mapai Party.

Sharett moved to Ottoman Palestine in 1906. He studied at Istanbul University and the London School of Economics.

In 1920s he worked as a journalist in the United Kingdom. He returned to Mandatory Palestine in 1931, and became a member of the Assembly of Representatives.

He was one of those who signed the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel in 1948.

Sharett was chosen into the first Knesset in 1949, and stayed a Member of Knesset till his death.

He was also in the government. He was Foreign Minister from 1948 to 1956. During this time he was also Prime Minister from January 26, 1954 to November 3, 1955, succeeding fellow party member David Ben-Gurion (last one succeeded Sharett).

Moshe Sharett died in 1965 at the age of 80.


Cobalt (Ontario)

Cobalt is a town of the district of Timiskaming, in the province of Ontario, Canada.

Trevor Kidd

Trevor Rodney Kidd (born March 29, 1972) is a former NHL goaltender who last played for the Hannover Scorpions in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. Throughout his 12-year National Hockey League career, Kidd played for the Calgary Flames, Carolina Hurricanes, Florida Panthers and Toronto Maple Leafs. A first-round draft pick, Kidd was selected 11th overall by the Flames in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft.

Aquilegia

Aquilegia (commonly known as granny's bonnet or columbine) is a genus of about 60-70 species of perennial plants that are found in meadows, woodlands, and at higher altitudes throughout the Northern Hemisphere, known for the spurred petals of their flowers.

José S Carrión

José S Carrión (Jumilla 1962) is a Spanish scientist, editor, science and cultural columnist and poet. His main research interest deals with the relationships between hominins and plants from a palaeoecological perspective. He has conducted and co-ordinated a number of research projects on the palaeoflora and palaeovegetation of the Iberian Peninsula and Balearic Islands, ecological changes linked to patterns and processes of human and cultural evolution, eco-cultural collapses, extinctions in plants, palaeoecology and biodiversity conservation and forest management, palaeoenvironments of arid regions, pollen analysis of biogenic materials and archaeological sites, pollen analyses of honeys, aerobiological monitoring (Burkard filters), forensic palynology, and spore and pollen-morphological studies. He is full professor of Evolutionary Botany at University of Murcia, where he leads the Research Group ECCE HOMO (Evolution, Cenozoic, Quaternary, Ecology, Homo). He is currently editor in chief of Review of Palaeobotany and Palynology, and Associate Editor of Quaternary Science Reviews, Elsevier.

University of Murcia: 1985. BSc Biology. "Special Distinction." 1986: MSc Botany, Palynology. 1990: PhD Palynology. "Cum Laude and Special Distinction."

He has been manager at the National Research Plan, Biodiversity Program in the Spanish Ministry of Economy, and participated in a number of international committees of evaluation of research activities.

Carrión,s publications




Author of the book Hipocampo (Poemas).

José S Carrión has been known in the neurological community for his success to deal with dystonia, a rare neurological disorder. He was treated through the Dr. Joaquín Farias technique.


Dissertation to the King of Spain on the occasion of the opening of the university course(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPyy7c0czao)

Domestic yak

The domestic yak ("Bos grunniens") is a long-haired domesticated bovid found throughout the Himalayan region of the Indian subcontinent, the Tibetan Plateau and as far north as Mongolia and Russia. It is descended from the wild yak ("Bos mutus").

Scientists have used genetics and archaeology to study the history of yaks. They have found that there were domesticated yaks on the Tibetan Plateau 2,500 years ago.

Yaks are kept for their milk, wool, and meat. Also, they are used for transportation. Their dried droppings are burned as fuel in fires.

Hackbridge railway station

Hackbridge railway station is a train station at Hackbridge in the London Borough of Sutton in South London. The station is served by Southern and Thameslink. It is in Fare zone 4.

There are two platforms at this station. Platform 1 is for northbound trains to London Victoria and St Albans (via St Pancras International). Platform 2 is for southbound trains to Sutton and Epsom.



At peak hours, services run as far as Bedford, Luton, Dorking and Horsham.

London Buses route 151 serve this station.


Daniel Defoe

Daniel Defoe (13 September 1660 – 24 April 1731) was a trader, writer, and journalist from England. His best known work is the novel "Robinson Crusoe". In some languages, it is the number 2 bestseller, after the Bible.

White Americans

White Americans are citizens of the United States who are white people. They are Americans who have light-colored skin. This is the largest and most common ethnic group in the country. .

In 2010, 70% of the people living in the United States said they were White. About 60% of the United States population was white people who were not Hispanic.

The White American population includes European Americans and non-European people such as Arabs, North Africans, Jews, Persians and other Middle Eastern people. It also includes Hispanic groups such as Mexicans and Cubans. 

The white population in the United States has been getting smaller. More white people have died than have been born in most states.

Most White Americans are of English (46.6 million), German (45 million), and Irish (38.6 million) ancestry. French Canadian and Canadian were the two most prominent subgroups within the "Other White" population in 2020, with each of their individual or combined populations surpassing half a million. Following closely were Pennsylvania German, Cajun, and Australian, constituting the next largest groups. Iranian (413,842), Lebanese (328,137), and Egyptians (313,720) were the most prominent MENA white ethnic groups. 


Carson Wentz

Carson James Wentz (born December 30, 1992) is an American football quarterback. He plays for the Washington Commanders in the National Football League (NFL).

He was drafted in the first round of the 2016 NFL draft. He played his first NFL game in 2016. In his first year he passed for 3,782 yards and 16 touchdowns, 14 Interceptions. His team the Eagles finished the year 7–9 and missed the playoffs. In his second year he had good season 3,296 yards and 33 touchdowns and 7 Interceptions. He was seen as an MVP candidate. The. In week 14 Wentz injured his knee against the Los Angeles Rams.

Romani Americans

Romani Americans are people in the United States who are Romani. Their ancestors mainly came to the United States from Eastern Europe during the 19th and 20th centuries. It is estimated that there are one million Romani people in the United States. They are also known as American Gypsies.

Spain shipped Romani slaves to Louisiana. An Afro-Romani community exists in St. Martin Parish due to intermarriage of freed Africans and Romani slaves. Romanichal and British Roma were enslaved in the Southern United States. Massive Roma migration from Europe began in the nineteenth century. Most were Romanichal. Many resided in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia. They were mostly horse traders.

They are different Roma groups in the USA, with different religions. Majority are Christian Dasikane Roma (Roma Gypsy has nothing to do with Romanians) from Romania, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Spain, and few Muslim Xoraxane Roma from former Ex-Yugoslavia.

The Roma are concentrated in large cities such Chicago and Los Angeles and states such as New York, Virginia, Illinois, Texas, and Massachusets.

Banana squash

Banana squash is an edible squash, or gourd, in the "Cucurbita" family. developed from the butternut squash, a type of winter squash. Its name was given for its elongated shape and yellow colour. 

Like the butternut squash, it has a potato-like texture and seeds in the middle. It is classified as a fruit because it has seeds. Its mild flesh can be either sweet or savoury.

Carl Emil Christiansen

Carl Emil Christiansen (31 December 1937 – 15 January 2018) was a Danish football player.

Christiansen played 313 games and scored 112 goals for Esbjerg fB in Denmark. He was the top goalscorer of the 1962 Danish football championship, and played two games and scored one goal for the Denmark national football team.


Ostafrikasaurus

Ostafrikasaurus was a carnivorous theropod dinosaur from the Late Jurassic of southeastern Tanzania. It is known only from a fossil tooth that is long. Paleontologist Eric Buffetaut claims it is the oldest evidence of a Spinosaurid dinosaur (a type of crocodile-like dinosaur that ate fish); It appeared 148 million years ago.

Olivia Cole

Olivia Carlena Cole (November 26, 1942 – January 19, 2018) was an American actress. She was born in Memphis, Tennessee. Her career began in 1954 and ended when she retired in 2011. Cole won an Emmy Award for her role as Chicken George's wife, Matilda in the 1977 miniseries "Roots". She was also known for her role as Maggie Rogers in the 1979 miniseries "Backstairs at the White House".

Cole died at the age of 75 at her home in San Miguel de Allende, Mexico on January 19, 2018, after a heart attack.

Marcos Carvajal

Marcos José Carvajal (; 19 August 1984 – 24 January 2018) was a Venezuelan relief pitcher. He played for the Colorado Rockies and Florida Marlins of Major League Baseball.

Carvajal died of pneumonia on January 24, 2018 in Ciudad Bolívar, Venezuela at the age of 33.

Retrosheet

Gonzalo Facio Segreda

Gonzalo Justo Facio Segreda (28 March 1918 – 24 January 2018) was a Costa Rican lawyer, politician, and diplomat. He was born in San José, Costa Rica. 

Facio Segreda served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1970 to 1978, as President of the Legislative Assembly from 1953 to 1956, and later served as Ambassador to the United States from 1956 to 1958, again from 1962 to 1966 and again from 1990 to 1994.

Facio Segreda died on 24 January 2018 of pneumonia complicated by Alzheimer's disease in Escazu, Costa Rica at the age of 99.

Renaud Gagneux

Renaud Gagneux (15 May 1947 – 24 January 2018) was a French composer. He was born in Paris. Gagneux studied piano with Alfred Cortot and composition with Henri Dutilleux at the École Normale in Paris. In 1966 he went to Cologne to study composition with Karlheinz Stockhausen, then with André Jolivet and Olivier Messiaen at the Conservatoire de Paris. 

In 1972 he joined the Groupe de Recherches Musicales de l'ORTF. His many prizes include the Sacem Grand Prix for chamber music (1977), the Prix Georges Enesco (1983), the Prize for New Talent from the SACD (1989), the Composers' Prize of the Sacem (1990), and the SACEM Grand Prix 1993 for his works overall.

Gagneux died in Paris on 24 January 2018 of ALS-related complications at the age of 70.


Bristol stool scale

The Bristol stool scale is a medical diagnosis tool used by doctors to classify the way feces looks into 7 different categories. It is also known by the names, Bristol stool chart and Bristol stool form scale.

It was developed at Bristol Royal Infirmary in 1997 as a clinical assessment tool, but is also used to help with patients who can't speak, so that they can show their doctor if they have a problem with their bowels (a clinical communication aid). It's also used to help diagnose Irritable Bowel Syndrome.

The seven types of feces described by the scale are:


Frank Varrichione

Frank Joseph Varrichione (pronounced "Vair-akee-oh'-nee," January 14, 1932 – January 6, 2018) was an American athlete. He was born in Natick, Massachusetts. He played eleven seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1955 through 1960 and with the Los Angeles Rams from 1961 to 1965.

Varrichione died on January 6, 2018 in Framingham, Massachusetts of skin cancer at the age of 85.

Neagu Djuvara

Neagu Djuvara (; August 18, 1916 – January 25, 2018) was a Romanian historian, essayist, philosopher, journalist, novelist and diplomat. He was born in Bucharest. Djuvara was an active contributor to Radio Free Europe. Between 1991 and 1998, he was an Associate Professor at the University of Bucharest. During the early 1990s, he was a noted critic of Romanian political developments.

Djuvara died in Bucharest of pneumonia on January 25, 2018 at the age of 101.


Lyudmila Senchina

Lyudmila Petrovna Senchina (; 13 December 1950, – 25 January 2018) was a Soviet, Ukrainian and Russian singer (soprano). 

She was also an actress, appearing in "Armed and Dangerous" (), in which Lyudmila performed a female lead role. 

Senchina was known for her songs "Cinderella" and " Pebbles "(), "Stones" (), "Love and Separation" (), "White Acacia" (), "Birthday" (), "White Dance" (), "Field Flowers" ()"."

In 1979 she was awarded the title of Meritorious Artist of the RSFSR and in 2002 the title of People's Artist of Russia. Merited Artist of Ukraine (2003).

Senchina died on 25 January 2018 in a hospital in St. Petersburg of pancreatic cancer at the age of 67.

Patrick Mazimhaka

Patrick Kayumbu Mazimhaka (26 April 1948 – 25 January 2018) was a Rwandan politician. He was the former Deputy Chairperson of the African Union's African Commission. Mazimhaka was born in Rwanda. He was elected the Deputy Chairperson of the African Union Commission in July 2003 held in Maputo, Mozambique, and held the office until 6 February 2008. He was, until his election, the Senior Presidential Advisor to the President of Rwanda on the Great Lakes Region. 

Mazimhaka died in Delhi, India on 25 January 2018 at the age of 69.


Gustav Gerneth

Gustav Gerneth (15 October 1905? – 22 October 2019) was a German World War II-veteran and claimed to be the oldest person ever to have been born and die in Germany, (excluding emigrants), as well as the oldest living man in the world at the time of his death. However, his age is not validated by Guinness World Records and Gerontology Research Group.

Gerneth worked in a shipping company and at a gas plant during World War II. He was a Russian prisoner-of-war until 1947 when he was released from imprisonment. He married his wife Charlotte (died in 1988) in 1930 and the couple had three sons, all of whom now deceased. 

If his claimed age is true, Gerneth became the oldest living man in Europe after Spaniard Francisco Núñez-Olivera's death on 29 January 2018, and later also the first German person to become 113 and 114 years old as well as the oldest living man in the world on 19 January 2019 after the death of Japaneseman Masazo Nonaka, who became the oldest living man after Núñez-Olivera's death (Nonaka died on 20 January Japanese time). Nonaka and Gerneth were, after the death of Americanman Richard Overton (also a World War II-veteran) on 27 December 2018, the last two living men born before 1907.

Gerneth lived in Saxony-Anhalt in the same brick house with steep entrance stairs for over 40 years, before his death just a week after celebrating his claimed 114th birthday.

Megalosauroidea

Megalosauroidea is a group of carnivorous theropod dinosaurs. They lived from the Middle Jurassic to the Late Cretaceous period. Members of the group include "Spinosaurus", "Megalosaurus", and "Torvosaurus".

The definition of the clade Megalosauroidea includes "Megalosaurus bucklandii" and all taxa that share a more recent common ancestor with it than they do with "Allosaurus fragilis" or the House Sparrow.

Below is a cladogram showing the relationships between different members of Megalosauroidea. It is based on a study by Carrano, Benson & Sampson (2012).

Revenue division

A revenue division is an administrative division of some of the Indian states. It is a geographic area covering many mandals (taluks). These mandals consists of villages. A revenue division is headed by a Revenue Divisional Officer.

Alipurduar district

Alipurduar district is a district in West Bengal, India. The headquarters of this district is Alipurduar city. This district was created in the year of 2014. This is the 20th district of West Bengal. The largest clan of Oraon people in all the settlement of Oraon dominated villages and towns in Alipurduar and Jalpaiguri district is Lakhra clan.

The district contains nine census towns and rural areas of 66 gram panchayats. These are under six community development blocks: Madarihat - Birpara, Alipurduar I, Alipurduar II, Falakata, Kalchini and Kumargram.

The nine census towns are Paschim Jitpur, Chechakhata, Alipurduar Railway Junction, Bholar Dabri, Sobhaganj, Falakata, Jaygaon and Uttar Latabari and Uttar Kamakhyaguri.

Purba Bardhaman district

Purba Bardhaman district is a newly created district of West Bengal. Bardhaman district of West Bengal was divided into two new districts. These were named Purba Bardhaman district and Paschim Bardhaman district. This district has its headquarters at Bardhaman city.

As of the 2011 Census of India, Purba Bardhaman district had a total population of 4,835,532. There were 2,469,310 (51%) males and 2,366,222 (49%) females. Population below 6 years was 509,855.

Kolkata district

Kolkata district is an administrative district of West Bengal. The city of Kolkata is headquarters of the district.

According to the 2011 census of India, Kolkata district has a population of 4,486,679.This gives it a ranking of 35th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of .

Aditi Sajwan

Aditi Sajwan (born 12 February 1992 in Dehradun, India) is an Indian television soap opera actress. She made her acting debut in Zee TV's "Meri Doli Tere Angana". After she entered Imagine TV's "Rajkumaar Aaryan" to play the role of Mayasheen, she played Yashoda in Jai Shri Krishna and she was seen in "Meera" as Meera , She was last seen on television Show "Chidiya Ghar" as Koyal.

Sajwan n.k has all her life lived in different states of India as her father Pradeep Shingh Sajwan had a transferrable job. She was born in Dehradun, India. Her mother, Vineeta Sajwan, is a housewife. Her younger brother is a student. Her sister is a corporate anchor by profession. Sajwan is a trends Bharata Natyam and Kathak dancer. She is also a singer. She moved to Mumbai to pursue her career as an actor. She completed her BMM degree from Mumbai itself along with her acting.

Steve Foster

Stephen Edward Foster (30 September 1946 – 25 January 2018), better known as Steve Foster, was an Australian singer-songwriter, guitarist and banjo and harmonica player. He was born in Murray Bridge, South Australia. 

Foster's career had mostly been as a solo artist, but he has led some very successful bands as well including Inkase, Alcheringa, Head First and Limited Edition. He was the opening act on the Brian Cadd & the Bootleg Family Australian tour 1972-1973. He performed in The Mount Lofty Rangers.

In September 1972, was the release of Foster's award-winning debut solo album "Coming Home In A Jar" on the Bootleg Label.

In 1995 "Forever Blue", a co-write with Graham Goble, first recorded by Little River Band in 1986 on the album "No Reins", the last album recorded with John Farnham became a huge hit in Europe, rising into the Top 10.

Foster was an Australia Day Ambassador. He traveled each year to visit councils across South Australia to perform and explain what it means to be a proud Australian.

Foster died on 25 January 2018, in Adelaide, Australia of lung cancer at the age of 71.


Jeff Colyer

Jeffrey William Colyer (born June 3, 1960) is an American surgeon and politician. On January 31, 2018, he became the 47th Governor of Kansas. Before, he was the 49th Lieutenant Governor of Kansas serving under Governor Sam Brownback. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was a member of the Kansas Senate (2009–2011) and of the Kansas House of Representatives (2007–2009).

Colyer was a White House Fellow under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush. He worked in international affairs.

On January 24, 2018, Vice President Mike Pence broke a 49-49 tie vote to make Governor Brownback the United States Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom. Governor Brownback resigned on January 25, 2018 to serve as the ambassador, thus making Colyer the designate governor.

On August 14, 2018, Colyer lost the Republican nomination to Secretary of State Kris Kobach for Governor in the 2018 election by 345 votes.


Elephant polo

Elephant polo is a variant of polo. It is played whilst riding elephants. It is played in Nepal, Sri Lanka, India, and Thailand.

Ikyawann

Ikyawann is a 2017 Indian television series, which is broadcast on Star Plus and stream on Hotstar. The show is premiered on 13 November 2017.The Show is Going Off Air on 1 June 2018 and it will get replaced by Sabse Smart Kaun.

The story of the show centers around a diffident girl, Susheel, 51st child of the Parekh family. A road accident kills all the female members of Parekh family except Susheel's mother. Avni gives birth to Susheel but dies. The accident was planned by Leela, Kiran's mother, who wants revenge for her daughter. Otherside, Satya is the grandson of Leela. The story follows these two main characters as they fall in love and try to overcome their personal and family problems.




Maillard reaction

The Maillard reaction is a chemical reaction between an amino acid and a reducing sugar that gives browned food its distinctive flavor. Seared steaks, pan-fried dumplings, cookies and other kinds of biscuits, breads, toasted marshmallows, as well as many other foods, undergo this reaction.

The reactive carbonyl group of the sugar reacts with the nucleophilic amino group of the amino acid, and forms a complex mixture of poorly characterized molecules responsible for a range of aromas and flavors. At higher temperatures, caramelization and subsequently pyrolysis become more pronounced. In other words, sugar and baked things become brown and caramelized due to this reaction. 

For example, the Maillard reaction happens when searing a steak.

Arang Kel

Arang Kel is a village, tourist spot and a hill station located in Neelum valley, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is located at a height of 8,379 feet (2,554 m).

Elizabeth Hawley

Elizabeth Hawley (November 9, 1923 – January 26, 2018) was an American journalist and chronicler of Himalayan expeditions. Hawley was born in Chicago, Illinois.

She was studied at the University of Michigan. She moved to Nepal after giving up her job as a researcher for "Fortune" magazine in New York and visiting Kathmandu on a round-the-world trip.

She found work with the Reuters news agency covering mountaineering news, including the 1963 American expedition that was the first from the United States to traverse Mount Everest.

Hawley died on 26 January 2018 at the age of 94.

Flag of Zimbabwe

The flag of Zimbabwe has seven horizontal stripes of green, gold, red and black with a white triangle containing a red five-pointed star with a Zimbabwe Bird. The most recent design was adopted on April 18th, 1980. Zimbabwe won its freedom from the United Kingdom on this day. This design is adapted from the flag of the Zimbabwe African National Union, the current ruling party in Zimbabwe. 


Brandon Hardesty

Brandon Allan Hardesty (born April 13, 1987) is an American comedic performer and actor. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

In September 2007, upon seeing Hardesty's YouTube videos, a producer of the movie "Bart Got a Room" e-mailed Hardesty expressing interest in casting him for a supporting role. Hardesty was cast as a lead in a short movie "Ham Sandwich," directed by David Green. In 2013, Hardesty has been cast in roles in the movie "Seven Minutes" as well as "", the fourth installment in the "Mummy" movie franchise.


Rimbachzell

Rimbachzell is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department.

Wegscheid, Haut-Rhin

Wegscheid is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Middle name

A middle name is a name given to a person at birth or baptism. It is different from a given name and surname. 

In most Western countries the given name comes first (before the last name or family name). However, in many Eastern countries such as China it comes after the last name or family name, and occasionally also in Europe, e.g. in Hungarian.

Chips Hardy

Edward John "Chips" Hardy (born 23 January 1950) is an English screenwriter, novelist, playwright, and creative director. He and Elizabeth Ann, his wife, are the parents of actor Tom Hardy, with whom Hardy worked on BBC One's drama series "Taboo", as the co-creator, a writer and a consulting producer.

Chips Hardy was born on 23 January 1950 and grew up in Ealing. Named Edward after both his father, Edward Thomas Hardy, who worked for the Port of London Authority, and his grandfather, Edward Egmore Hardy, who was the Fire Chief at Ealing Studios. His mother, Patricia, was a deputy headmistress.

In 1961 Hardy won a state scholarship to Latymer Upper School. In 1969 he won an Exhibition to read English at Downing College, Cambridge.

Alongside a career in advertising as an award-winning Global Creative Director, Hardy has written for television, movie, theatre, novels and stand-up material. Productions include a children’s television series with a talking chair called "Helping Henry" and "About Face", a television drama with Maureen Lipman. Hardy also won a British Comedy Award for his work with Irish comedian Dave Allen.

In 2007, Hardy’s novel "Each Day A Small Victory" was published in the form of frontline despatches from amongst the embattled wildlife in an English country lay-by, illustrated by Oscar Grillo.

"Blue on Blue", Hardy’s darkly comic play on self-harm, was first showcased at the Latchmere 503 in London in 2007. The play was revived in 2016 at the Tristan Bates in London in partnership with BLESMA, the British Limbless Ex-serviceman’s Association. In 2008, Hardy’s one woman dysfunctional Cabaret, "There’s Something In The Fridge that Wants To Kill Me!", ran notably at the Edinburgh Festival.

In 2009, inspired by an idea from his son Tom Hardy, Chips Hardy and Tom created the story that was to become the 2017 eight-part series" Taboo". Hardy is the co-creator, a writer and a consulting producer.

Nick Palatas

Nicholas Edward "Nick" Palatas (born January 22, 1988) is an American actor. He has appeared in two short movies, titled "The Erogenous Zone" and "Love" and has been in several ads. In 2009, he played Norville "Shaggy" Rogers in the movie, "Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins" and reprised the role in "Scooby-Doo! Curse of the Lake Monster" which released in October 2010.

Palatas has two brothers, Phillip Palatas and actor Cameron Palatas.

He is married to Marissa Denig (sister of actress Maggie Grace), with whom he has three children, Vienna, Edward and Deanna.

Jacques Languirand

Jacques Languirand (May 1, 1931 – January 26, 2018) was a Canadian radio host, writer, and actor. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

He hosted the same radio show, "Par 4 chemins" on Radio-Canada, for 42 years. He was awarded the C.M. (Member of the Order of Canada) on December 21, 1987, and the O.C. (Officer of the Order of Canada) on May 8, 2003.

In 2012, he became a known actor in Martin Villeneuve's "Mars et Avril", a science fiction movie based on the graphic novels of the same name.

Languirand in Montreal of Alzheimer's disease on January 26, 2018 at the age of 86.

Disney Star

Disney Star (trade as Disney STAR India Private Limited) is the largest media company of India. This company has 58 channels in eight languages. On 14 December 2017, The Walt Disney Company announced that it would acquire 21st Century Fox's Entertainment Division for $52.4 billion. Since Star India is owned by Fox, it was one of the assets acquired by Disney. STAR India announced it has successfully completed the integration of the broadcast business of MAA TV. The deal was estimated to be between Rs2,000 to 2,500 crore ($24 - $30million). Their STAR sports group planned to build a national sports network in India. The plan included broadcasting in Indian languages. On 14 November 2012, Star CJ Alive appointed Kenny Shin as CEO.

Herbolzheim

Herbolzheim is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

It is near the river Elz, north of Freiburg.


Caihong

Caihong () is an extinct dinobird from Late Jurassic China. "Caihong" was discovered in 2014. The animal may predate the famous "Aurornis xui", the earliest bird, by about 1 million years.

The type species, Caihong juji, was named in 2018.

"Caihong" was a rather small dinosaur. Its length was estimated at , and its weight at .

The skull of "Caihong" has a length of 67.6 millimetres. It is low and elongated (superficially similar to that of "Velociraptor)", only slightly shorter than the femur.

"Caihong" probably has ten neck vertebrae, thirteen back vertebrae, five sacral vertebrae and twenty-sic tail vertebrae.

The fossilized feathers of "Caihong" showed similarity to a black iridescent color in extant birds. Other feathers found on the head, chest, and the base of the tail preserve flattened sheets of platelet-like melanosomes.

"Caihong" represents the oldest known evidence of platelet-like melanosomes.

Kel, Azad Kashmir

Kel () is a village in Neelum Valley, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is located at a height of . It is near the Line of Control.

Nguyễn Thị Kim Ngân

Nguyễn Thị Kim Ngân (born 12 April 1954 in Xã Châu Hoà,Huyện Giồng Trôm,tình Bến Tre Province) is a Vietnamese politician currently serving as Chairwoman of the National Assembly of Vietnam and the first woman to take the position. Previously, she served as Vice President of the National Assembly, Minister of Labor and President of Hải Dương Province. She replaced Nguyễn Sinh Hùng as Chairwoman of the National Assembly on 31 March 2016.

Love &amp; Hip Hop: New York

Love & Hip Hop: New York (best known as simply Love & Hip Hop) is an American television series. It is about the lives of several people in New York City, involved with hip hop music. It is broadcast on VH1, an American cable television network.


Jhelam Valley

Jhelam Valley () is a valley in Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It is a 50 kilometers (31 miles) long valley located along with Jhelam River.

Samahni Valley

Samahni valley is a valley located on the Line of Control that separates Azad Kashmir from Indian Occupied Kashmir. It covers an area of 1270 km2 and is the largest valley in Kashmir by area covered.

Olivia (singer)

Olivia Theresa Longott (born 15 February 1981) is an American singer, songwriter and television personality. She was also on the series. She is best known for singing on rapper 50 Cent's song "Candy Shop".

Longott was born in Brooklyn, New York. She was raised in New York City. She studied music at Bayside High School. She started her career in her teenage years. She released her first single in 2000.


Northwestern Memorial Hospital

Northwestern Memorial Hospital (NMH) is a medical center hospital in the Magnificent Mile in Chicago, Illinois. It is the teaching hospital for Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine. 

Along with its Prentice Women’s Hospital and Stone Institute of Psychiatry, the hospital has a total of 894 patient beds. The hospital has over 1,600 physicians on the medical staff at Northwestern Memorial who also carry faculty appointments with Feinberg. It is the third tallest hospital in the United States and the fifth tallest hospital in the world.

Lingwa de planeta

Lingwa de planeta (also Lidepla or LdP) is a constructed international auxiliary language. It uses words from the ten most widely spoken languages in the world: Arabic, Chinese, English, Spanish, German, Hindi, Persian, Portuguese, Russian and French.

The Lord's Prayer in Lingwa de Planeta:

Folkspraak

Folkspraak (also Folksprák and Folksprak; from "folk" 'people' and "spraak" 'language', which means "the language of the people") is an unfinished zonal constructed language. It uses words from Germanic languages to make it easy for anyone who speaks those languages to understand it. It works a lot like a lingua franca for people who speak Germanic languages.

The Lord's Prayer in different kinds of Folkspraak:

Qigong

Qigong (), also known as qi gong, chi kung, or chi gung, is a holistic system of coordinated body posture and movement, breathing, and meditation used for health, spirituality, and martial arts training. With roots in Chinese medicine, philosophy, and martial arts, qigong is traditionally viewed as a practice to cultivate and balance qi (chi), translated as "life energy".

Romagny, Haut-Rhin

Romagny is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in east France.

Arnold Roth

Arnold Roth (born February 25, 1929) is an American freelance cartoonist and illustrator. He worked in advertisements, album covers, books, magazines, and newspapers. 

Novelist John Updike wrote, "All cartoonists are geniuses, but Arnold Roth is especially so".


Byron Langley

Byron J. Langley (November 11, 1926 – January 13, 2018) was an American politician. He was born Warwick, North Dakota.

Langley was a member of the North Dakota House of Representatives serving as a Democrat. He represented the 12th district from 1973 to 1980. He also served in the North Dakota Senate from 1985 to 1996. On April 21, 1993 the Fifty-third Legislative Assembly unanimously elected Langley to the office of the President Pro Tempore; which he held through 1994. 

Langley died on January 13, 2018 in Carrington, North Dakota of complications from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 91.

Javiera Muñoz

Javiera Margarita Odija Ubal Muñoz (28 May 1977 – 18 January 2018) was a Swedish singer. She was of Chilean-Spanish descent. She participated in Melodifestivalen twice, in 2000 with "Varje timma, var minut", and in 2002 with "No hay nada más". She was born in Motala, Sweden.

In 2003, she received a musical grant for promoting Latino Music in Sweden.

Muñoz died on 18 January 2018 in Gothenburg, Sweden at the age of 40.

Dharmasena Pathiraja

Dharmasena Pathiraja (28 March 1943 – 28 January 2018) was a Sri Lankan movie director, screenwriter and educator. He was born in Kandy, Sri Lanka. He was known for his movies "Eya Dan Loku Lamayek" (1975) and "Bambaru Avith" (1978).

Pathiraja started his academic career at the University of Kelaniya as an assistant lecturer. Later he worked as a lecturer in several Sri Lankan universities, including, University of Jaffna, University of Ruhuna and University of Colombo.

Pathiraja died in Kandy on 28 January 2018 from a respiratory tract infection at the age of 74.


Royal Galipeau

Royal Galipeau (January 5, 1947 – January 27, 2018) was a Canadian politician and businessman. He served as a Member of Parliament for the Ottawa—Orléans federal constituency. He was first elected as a Conservative Party candidate in the 2006 election, and was reelected in 2008 and 2011. He lost in the 2015 t0 retired Canadian Forces Lieutenant-General Andrew Leslie.

In February 2014, he was diagnosed with multiple myeloma, but insisted he would run for office again in the 2015 election. He died form the disease on January 27, 2018 in Ottawa, Ontario at the age of 70.

Mohammed Al-Mfarah

Mohammed Al-Mfarah, also known as Abu Samah () (May 20, 1945 – January 23, 2018), was a Saudi Arabian actor, playwright, director and producer. He was born in Al-Zilfi, Saudi Arabia. He worked at the ministry of health and submitted his resignation in 1975.

Al-Mfarah was known for his movie roles in "Al-Saknat Fe Klobna" (), "Secretary in the House", "Ahtarq Al-Samah" (), and "Abo Samah Fe Fanaq Al-Samrine" (). He also appeared in the plays "Al-Mohsan" () and "Bokor Wa kolampor" ().

Al-Mfarah died in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia on January 23, 2018 of laryngeal cancer at the age of 72.


Goosebumps (1995 TV series)

Goosebumps is a Canadian-American horror anthology television series based on R. L. Stine's best-selling "Goosebumps" book series. It ran from October 27, 1995 through November 16, 1998. "Goosebumps" originally began airing on YTV (in English) and Canal Famille (in French) in Canada and on Fox Kids in the United States.

From October 7, 2007 to September 7, 2009, Cartoon Network aired the episodes. From September 6, 2011 until September 1, 2014, The Hub broadcast the series.

The opening sequence starts with a man dressed in black carrying his briefcase up a hill. The name engraved on the briefcase reveals the mysterious man to be "Goosebumps"' author, R. L. Stine. Hour-long specials The Haunted Mask I & II, A Night In Terror Tower, The Werewolf of Fever Swamp, Welcome to Dead House and Night of the Living Dummy III don't use the opening sequence at all but instead have R.L. Stine introducing those episodes and also appearing at the end.


Lurie Children's Hospital

Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago (formerly Children's Memorial Hospital) located in Magnificent Mile in Streeterville, Chicago, Illinois is a pediatric specialty hospital. The hospital has more than 1,200 physicians on its medical staff and 4,000 employees. 

Based on volume, it is ranked #1 regionally in all pediatric specialties and is accredited by the Joint Commission (formerly known as the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations). Physicians and staff provided highly specialized care for more than 148,000 children in 2011, from every U.S. state and 35 countries.

Cyberchase

Cyberchase is an American-Canadian animated educational children's television series on PBS Kids. Co-produced By Nelvana Limited and Thirteen WNET New York And With the Participation of Teletoon In Co-production With PBS Kids And With the Fancai Assistance Of The Shaw Children's Programmee Inatvie And Telefilm Canada The series about three children from Earth: Jackie, Matt, and Inez. They were brought into Cyberspace, a digital universe, in order to protect the world from the villain Hacker (voiced by Christopher Lloyd). These kids are able to prevent Hacker from destroying Cyberspace by means of problem-solving skills with basic math. In Cyberspace, they meet Digit (voiced by Gilbert Gottfried), a cybird that helps them on their missions.

It was first shown on WNET as a "sneak peek" on March 24, 2000, before making its official debut on January 14, 2002. In 2010, after the season eight finale, PBS put the series on hiatus, but it returned in 2013 for a ninth season, followed by a tenth season in 2015. The eleventh season premiered on October 23, 2017. There was a twelfth season that premiered on April 19, 2019. and a season 13th airing Feb 25th to May 20. 2022 and a season 14th premeired on Apr 21th to May 7.2023

Erica Mena

Erica Mena (Born November 8, 1987) is an actress, writer and Hip hop singer. Mena is known for her appearances in the show 
.She has wrote the books "Chronicles of a Confirmed Bachelorette" and "Underneath It All".

Rashidah Ali

Rashidah Ali (better known as Rah Ali) (Born January 27, 1984). She is known for her appearances on Love & HipHop: New York. She has had a long friendship with fellow Love & HipHop: New York star: Remy Ma for some time. Though not friends anymore. She is described as wild & not one to back down from a fight. As wife and now mother, the business woman Rah Ali has made a success trail for herself.

Test cricket

Test cricket is the longest and oldest type of international cricket. The first officially recognized Test match took place on 15–19 March 1877 and was played between England and Australia at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, where Australia won by 45 runs. 

The early test matches were played by England against other sides in the British Empire. First test matches took place in these years:


Test matches eventually spread to other countries around the world. Later came One Day Internationals (ODIs) and Twenty20 internationals (T20s). 

Test matches are a series of 5-day matches. Each team's two innings' scores are added to find the total runs. The team with more runs wins the match if the other team has completed both of their innings, with there being a tie if they have an equal number of runs; otherwise it is a draw. 

Follow-on is a rule by which the team batting in second innings can be enforced to bat again just after the end of their first innings. The follow-on can be enforced by the team batted in the first innings only if their first-innings lead is at least 200 runs.

Minimum Lead Required


Timeless Test matches are Test matches with no limit on the number of days the game can be played for. 

Truist Park

Truist Park, originally known as SunTrust Park, is a baseball stadium in a section of Cobb County, Georgia that has an Atlanta mailing address. It is the home of the Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball (MLB). It replaced Turner Field as the home of the Braves.

During the stadium's planning process, it was named SunTrust Park when the Braves reached a naming agreement with the Atlanta-based SunTrust banking company. In February 2019, SunTrust merged with another banking company, BB&T, and the new company renamed itself Truist. However, the ballpark kept the SunTrust name through the 2019 season. The new name of Truist Park became official on January 14, 2020. 

Nieuw-Vennep

Nieuw-Vennep is a town in the Netherlands. It is right below Amsterdam and Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. Around 30,000 people live in the town.

Dennis Peron

Dennis Peron (April 6, 1946 – January 27, 2018) was an American activist and businessman. He was born in New York City. He was an important figure for the legality of cannabis throughout the 1990s. He influenced many in California and led the political debate on marijuana in the United States.

Peron was openly gay and his partner died of AIDS in 1990. Peron sold cannabis and advocated for medical cannabis. In 1991, he cofounded the Cannabis Buyers Club, the first public cannabis dispensary.

In 1996, the Grassroots Party of Minnesota fielded Peron, as their first Presidential nominee, in the U.S. presidential election. Peron won 5,400 votes. In 1998, Peron ran in the Republican primary for Governor of California, but lost to Attorney General Dan Lungren.

Peron died of lung cancer in San Francisco, California on January 27, 2018 at the age of 71.


Kabul ambulance bombing

The Kabul ambulance bombing happened on 27 January 2018 near Sidarat Square in Kabul, Afghanistan. At least 103 people were killed and 235 others wounded in the suicide attack. The Taliban were behind the attack.

A bomb was hidden in an ambulance and exploded at a second police checkpoint, according to officials. Its blast also destroyed vehicles, shops, and buildings nearby.

At least 103 people were killed and 235 others were injured.

 

Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua

Zhong Zhong ( pinyin:"Zhōng Zhōng", born 27 November 2017) and Hua Hua ( pinyin:"Huá Huá", born 5 December 2017) are identical macaques that were made through somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT), the same cloning technique that made Dolly the sheep in 1996.

Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua are the first cloned primates made this way. When other scientists tried to clone monkeys before this, they used donated embryonic stem cells, but Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua came from donated nuclei from fetal cells, which is harder to do. The two baby monkeys were both born at the Institute of Neuroscience of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Shanghai.

Scientists made the first cloned mammal, Dolly the sheep, in 1996 using somatic cell nuclear transfer (SCNT). Since then, scientists have cloned 23 different kinds of mammals, including cows, cats, dogs, horses, and rats. But primates have been very hard to clone. Reprogramming nuclei that have been moved from one cell to another is very difficult. A monkey named Tetra (born October 1999), a female rhesus macaque, was made by a team led by Gerald Schatten of the Oregon National Primate Research Center using a different technique, called "embryo splitting," which is a way of making an artificial twin. Embryo splitting is not as hard as somatic cell nuclear transfer, and it can only be done from an embryo. So some people say Tetra is the first cloned primate and other people say Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua are.

In January 2019, scientists in China said they had made five identical cloned gene-edited monkeys using somatic cell nuclear transfer, like with Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua. They also used a gene-editing Crispr-Cas9 technique that He Jiankui said was used to create the first gene-modified human babies Lulu and Nana. These monkey clones were made to study several medical diseases.

Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua were made by scientists from the Institute of Neuroscience of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Shanghai. Team leaders were Qiang Sun and Muming Poo. They took nuclei from fiber cells of a fetal crab-eating macaque monkey or "Macaca fascicularis"). A fetus is an animal that has grown bigger than an embryo but has not been born or hatched yet. They removed the nuclei from egg cells (ova) and then put the nuclei from the fetal cells into these ova. The team used two enzymes to change the epigenetic memory of the donated nuclei so they would act like embryonic nuclei. They then put 21 of these ova with donated nuclei into surrogate mother monkeys. There were six pregnancies, and finally two living animals. These monkeys were named Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua, after "Zhonghua" (, a Chinese name for China). Although this was still not many baby monkeys born, scientists think methods could become better in the future. The Scotland-based team that created Dolly the sheep in 1996 needed to try 277 times and produced only one baby sheep.

The older the donated nucleus is, the harder it is to make a clone. Fetal cells are harder to clone than embryonic cells, and adult cells are harder than fetal cells. The same team of scientists also tried to clone macaques using nuclei from adult monkeys, but it did not work. They implanted 42 mother monkeys, and 22 of them became pregnant, but there were only two infant macaques, and they died soon after birth.

Muming Poo said the birth of Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua does show people could make human clones, but Poo does not plan to do so. Poo also says it is important because it shows somatic cell nuclear transfer could be used to make monkeys that are genetically exactly the same, for experiments. Doctors that study the human heart already use crab-eating macaques as a model organism when they study problems with the blood vessels around the heart. Poo said monkeys like Zhong Zhong and Hua Hua could be used to learn more about neuroscience, Parkinson's disease, and Alzheimer's disease when he talked on the radio news program "All Things Considered" in January 2018.

Academics who study right and wrong in science, like Insoo Hyun of Case Western Reserve University, asked if people would make human clones anyway. Poo told "All Things Considered", "Technically speaking one can clone human[s] ... But we're not going to do it. There's absolutely no plan to do anything on humans."



Larry Nassar

Lawrence Gerard Nassar (born August 16, 1963) is a Lebanese American convicted serial child molester. He was the USA Gymnastics national team doctor and an osteopathic physician at Michigan State University.

Nassar's acts of assault sparked the USA Gymnastics sex abuse scandal, in which he was accused of molesting at least 150 underage girls and boys, including a number of well-known Olympic gymnasts. The allegations against him date as far back as 1992. He has admitted to at least ten of the accusations. Some writers described him as a hebephilic doctor.

In July 2017, Nassar was sentenced to 60 years in federal prison after pleading guilty to child pornography charges. On January 24, 2018, Nassar was sentenced to 40 to 175 years in a state prison in Michigan after pleading guilty to the sexual assault of minors.

On July 9, 2023, Nassar got into a fight with another inmate and was stabbed multiple times in the chest and back; he survived the altercation in stable condition.

Maryo J. de los Reyes

Mario Margarito "Maryo" Jorolan de los Reyes (December 12, 1952 – January 27, 2018) was a Filipino movie and television director. He was born in Santa Cruz, Manila. His 2003 movie "Magnifico" was entered into the 54th Berlin International Film Festival.

Reyes suffered a heart attack and died on 27 January 2018 in Dipolog, Zamboanga del Norte, Philippines, at the age of 65.

Stephen Frears

Stephen Arthur Frears (born 20 June 1941) is an English movie and television director. He was born in Leicester, England.
Frears has directed numerous movies since the 1980s including "My Beautiful Laundrette", "Dangerous Liaisons", "High Fidelity", "The Queen", "Philomena", and "Florence Foster Jenkins". He has been nominated for two Academy Awards for Best Director: for "The Grifters" and "The Queen". In 2008 "The Daily Telegraph" named him among the 100 most influential people in British culture. He is fan of "Breaking Bad" and "Howards' Way".

Flag of Mozambique

The flag of Mozambique was adopted on May 1, 1983. FRELIMO, the ruling party, argued that the star's resemblance to the communist symbol was coincidental, and that the rifle represented the nation's struggle for independence.

It has a horizontal tricolour of green, white-fimbriated black and yellow with the red isosceles triangle based on the hoist-side bearing the yellow five-pointed star that bears an Kalashnikov with the bayonet attached to the barrel crossed by the hoe superimposed on an open book.

Flag of Kenya

The flag of Kenya (Swahili: "Bendera ya Kenya") was adopted on 12 December 1963.

It has a horizontal tricolour of black, white-fimbriated red, and green with two crossed white spears behind a red, white, and black Maasai shield.

Roger Christian

Roger Christian (born 25 February 1944) is an English set decorator, production designer and feature movie director. Christian was born in London, England.

He won an Academy Award for his work on the original "Star Wars" and was Oscar-nominated for his work on "Alien". Christian directed the second unit on both "Return of the Jedi" and "" as well as feature movies including "The Sender" and "Nostradamus". He also directed the 2000 movie "Battlefield Earth" which is regarded as one of the worst movies ever made.

In 2006, he directed an action/adventure/mystery movie, "Prisoners of the Sun", starring John Rhys-Davies, David Charvet, Carmen Chaplin, and Gulshan Grover.

Flag of Portugal

The flag of Portugal () is the national flag of the Portuguese Republic. It has a vertical bicolour of green and red, with the lesser coat of arms of Portugal centred over the colour boundary.

Michael Federmann

Michael Ilan Yoel "Mikey" Federmann (born 9 September 1943, Haifa) is an Israeli businessman and entrepreneur, owner of the Israeli conglomerate Federmann Enterprises.

He is Chairman of the Board at Dan Hotels Ltd. He has served as CEO or Director at several companies and organizations, including Eurofund L.P, Elbit Systems Ltd, the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. November 2020, "Forbes" estimates Federmann's net worth to be $2.1 billion.

Parathyroid glands

Parathyroid glands are small endocrine glands in the neck of humans and all tetrapods ,embedded in the posterior surface of the Thyroid glands .

These glands produce parathyroid hormones (PTH). This has an important role in controlling the amount of calcium in blood and bones. Calcium is an important element in our body: it is the only element with its own control system (the parathyroid glands).

There are two pairs of parathyroid glands, just behind the thyroid glands. Each gland is about 6 mm long and 3–4 mm wide. Parathyroid glands get their blood supply from the inferior thyroid arteries.

DigiCel FlipBook

DigiCel FlipBook is 2D animation software that runs on Microsoft Windows or Mac OS X. It is intended to closely recreate the traditional animation process, very similar to the likes of TVPaint and Toon Boom Harmony.

FlipBook supports scanning physical drawings with a TWAIN-compliant scanner or webcam, or direct input via a Wacom tablet. In either case, the internal format is raster-based, not vector-based. Each frame must be drawn separately; FlipBook intentionally does not support skeletal animation or morph target animation, as these are not part of the traditional animator's toolkit.

FlipBook is available in four versions: Lite, Studio, Pro and Pro HD. The Lite edition supports one foreground and one background layer, one soundtrack, and up to three hundred frames per shot. The other editions support more layers, more frames, multiple soundtracks and higher output resolutions.

A free, full-featured demo version which produces watermarked output is also available for download.

FlipBook has been used on "The Simpsons Movie", "Enchanted", "The Princess and the Frog" and others, and has been endorsed by Don Bluth.

Vicente Calderón Stadium

The Vicente Calderón Stadium (Spanish: "Estadio Vicente Calderón") was the home stadium of Atlético Madrid from 1966 to 2017. It had a capacity of 54,907 and is located on the banks of the Manzanares River, in the Arganzuela district of Madrid, Spain. The stadium was originally called the "Estadio Manzanares" from 1966 to 1971, but this was later changed to the Vicente Calderón Stadium in 1972, in honor of their club President Vicente Calderón. The stadium was demolished in 2020.

Ford Fairlane (Americas)

The Ford Fairlane was a car from Ford Motor Company. The car was made between 1955 and 1970. The name comes off Henry Ford's estate "Fair Lane", next to Dearborn, Michigan.

The name meant a number of different cars. The Fairlane was originally a full-sized car; it became a mid-sized car from the 1962 model year on.

In 1957, with the Fairlane, Ford outsold Chevrolet for the first time since 1935. For 1958, it was given quad headlights.

Kaduna State

Kaduna State is one of the states in the central northern region of Nigeria. Its capital is the city of Kaduna. It is one of the 36 states located in the northern area of Nigeria, and is the ninth largest state in the country. Hausa is Kaduna State's most widely spoken language, while English is its official language. Other local languages are also spoken, such as Yoruba, Igbo, Fula and English Creole among others. Some of these local languages are also used in written form. The total population of the state was projected to be 8,252,400 as of March 21, 2016.

The word "Kaduna" is thought to be derived from a Gbagyi word for river. Another proposed origin links the name to the Hausa word for crocodile, but this is challenged by the Gbagyi people who are known to have lived in the area for centuries. What is now known as "Kaduna State" is mostly made up of land said to have been inhabited by people of the "Nok" culture. The name "Nok" is derived from the village of Nok in Kaduna, where some of the first major artifacts from the Nok culture were found. The British colonial capital moved from Jebba to Zungeru in 1902, and then to Kaduna in 1916. The name Kaduna was taken up by Lord Frederick Lugard and his colleagues during the move to Kaduna.

Kaduna State is located at the center of northern Nigeria. It has political significance as the former administrative headquarters of northern Nigeria during the British colonial era. The state shares boundaries with Niger State to the west, Zamfara, Katsina and Kano States to the north, Bauchi and Plateau States to the east and FCT Abuja and the Nassarawa States to the south. Kaduna State has a land area of 46,053 square kilometers.

One major city under the governance of Kaduna is the ancient City of Zaria. once ruled Zaria and was known as a great warrior. Her land stretched as far as Bauchi in the east and as far south as the river Niger. She built a walled town wherever she conquered.

At the start of British colonial rule in northern Nigeria, the natives who lived in the area were referred to as the 'Northern Nigerians' - a term which is still used today. On May 27, 1967, the area was broken up into six separate states, one of which was the North-Central State. This name was changed to Kaduna State in 1976. It was then further divided in 1987, losing the area now part of Katsina State. In 1975, the 'Kaduna' State was formally created by the then military leader, General . General Mohammed decided to collect these six different states into one state, and did so without a referendum. This new state is the successor of what was called the 'Northern Region of Nigeria'.

The people in Kaduna State mostly belong to the Hausa, Gbagyi, Adara, Ham, Atyap, Bajjuu and Agworok ethnic groups.

The main ethnic groups are Hausa and Fulani, who are mostly Muslim. There are about 30 ethnic groups in the south, the largest being Gbari (Gwari). The majority of the people in the south are Christians. The major Muslim festivals are the "Salah", celebrations of "Id EI Fitri" and "Id EI Kabir". Christmas, New Year's Day and Easter are observed by the Christian population.

Immigrants arrive into the cities as "Fadama" farmers and market gardening workers ("yan lambu" in Hausa). The children are usually students in Qur'anic schools or dry season immigrant workers ("yan cin rani" in Hausa) and live mostly in Zaria.

The Kaduna River, a tributary of the Niger River, flows roughly east to west through the center of the state. The state’s natural plant life is mostly Sudanian Savanna. This plant life is mostly made up of short trees, shrubs and several types of grass. The soil in Kaduna consists mostly of loam. Clay can also be found in this area. Native minerals include serpentine, asbestos, amethyst, kyanite, and gold. Graphite and sillimanite graphite can also be found here. This is an important raw material used in the manufacture of pencils, crucibles, electrodes, generator brushes and other parts.

Agriculture is the largest part of the economy, with about 80% of the people working in farming. The main crops are yams, cotton, groundnuts (peanuts), tobacco, maize, beans, guinea corn, millet, ginger, rice, and cassava. Over 180,000 tons of groundnuts (peanuts) are produced in the state every year. The main cash crop is cotton. Livestock can include cattle, sheep, goats, and pigs.

Kaduna State is an industrial center of northern Nigeria. Manufactured goods include carpets, textiles, machinery, steel, aluminum, petroleum products, bearings, reinforced concrete materials, bicycle assembly, toiletries, and cigarettes. Goods that are produced for the population to use range from dairy products to soft drinks, flour and groundnut (peanut) oil. The textile industry is not doing well because of foreign competition.

Important companies in the state area are the Federal Super Phosphate Fertilizer Company PLC, Ideal Flour Mills PLC, New Nigerian Packaging Company PLC, Peugeot Automobile Nigeria PLC, United Wire Products Limited, Bus and Refrigerated Van Manufacturing Co, Kaduna Furniture and Carpets Company Limited, Electricity Metres Company Nigeria Limited and Rigid Pack Containers Limited, Zaria.

Also located in the state are the National Leather Research Institute, Zaria, the Defence Industries Corporation of Nigeria and the nation's third-largest petroleum refinery.

Ford Country Squire

The Ford Country Squire was a station wagon from Ford Motor Company. It was first made in 1950. The car got started as a "woodie", a car with wood material making up part of the car. But by 1952, the Country Squire was no longer a true woodie. However, all Country Squires were made with steel and wood.

From the 1960s to the early 1980s, many variations of the Squire name were used on wood-grained cars, like the LTD II, Falcon, Escort and the mid-sized LTD.

During the mid-1980s, sales of full-size station wagons began to go down. This was after the Chrysler and Ford Aerostar minivans began being made. 

At Ford, the role for the 8-passenger station wagon was given to Mercury Sable and Ford Taurus in 1992.

Santa Clara Valley

Santa Clara Valley is a valley in California, United States formed by the Santa Cruz Mountains to the west and the Diablo Mountain Range to the east. It has many cities including San Jose and Santa Clara.

Interslavic language

Interslavic is a constructed language meant to be used by Slavic people. It is like a modern version of the Old Church Slavonic language of the 9th century. It is based on words and other things that exist in all Slavic languages. The idea is that Slavs from any country can understand it without learning it first.

The first Interslavic grammar was written in 1659–1666 by Juraj Križanić, a priest from Croatia. The modern form was started in 2006 by a team of linguists. The name of that project was Slovianski. In 2011, it merged with another project called Neoslavonic. Since that time, the name of the language is Interslavic ("Medžuslovjansky").

Interslavic can be written in the Latin and Cyrillic alphabets. It is spoken by several hundreds of people.

The Lord's Prayer:


Chico fruit

Sapodilla (), which is also called chico () in the Philippines, is a large evergreen tree that is native to the tropical areas of North and South America, and Southeast Asia. It produces a fruit that can be eaten. Chicle, which is produced from the bark, is a substance used in chewing gum. and chico is rich in iron, calcium, potassium, and phosphorus.

COLORS TV

Colors TV is a Hindi-language general entertainment television channel, based in India. The channel was aired on 21 July 2008, typically broadcasting drama, horror, comedy and movies. Longest Running Shows broadcast by the channel are "Balika Vadhu", "Sasural Simar Ka" and "Uttaran". It is the official brodcaster of Bigg Boss, Jhalak Dikhla Jaa, Celebrity Cricket League & Miss India.

Raciology

Raciology (also known as racialism, racial science, or racial biology) is the study of human race, The term is not used very much in anthropology any more, because to some anthropologists it is considered outdated and racist.

Dick King (politician)

Richard Anderson King (August 30, 1934 – January 15, 2018) was an American politician and educator. He was a member of the Democratic Party. King was born in Ritzville, Washington. He was also an educator teaching at Everett Community College. He retired in 1991.

King died on January 15, 2018 in Port Angeles, Washington at the age of 83.

Central Java

Central Java is a province in Indonesia. It is on the island of Java.

The government reported that 35,557,249 people lived in Central Java Province in 2015.

Borys Yukhymovych Steklyar

Borys Yukhymovych Steklyar (, (29 January 1923 – 18 January 2018) was a Ukrainian colonel of Committee for State Security of USSR. He was one of the main specialists in combating Ukrainian Insurgent Army in Rivne region. He was accused in the murder of two or more people in March 1952, including artist and member of Volyn regional OUN propaganda Referenty Nil Khasevych and two of his colleagues.

John Morris (composer)

John Leonard Morris (October 18, 1926 – January 25, 2018) was an American movie, television and broadway composer, dance arranger, conductor, and trained concert pianist. He was known for composing the movie scores for "Blazing Saddles", "Young Frankenstein", "The Elephant Man" (for which he was nominated for a Grammy for its score) and "Dirty Dancing".

Morris died at his home in Red Hook, New York on January 25, 2018, of a respiratory tract infection at the age of 91.


John Wall (inventor)

John Wall (26 June 1932 – 27 January 2018) was an English design engineer, amateur astronomer, and amateur telescope maker. He was a member of the British Astronomical Association until his death in 2018. He was known for designing dialyte based refracting telescopes, coming up with the "Zerochromat".

Wall died on 27 January 2018 in Coventry, Warwickshire at the age of 85.


Antônio Agostinho Marochi

Antônio Agostinho Marochi (28 August 1925 – 28 January 2018) was a Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Londrina, Brazil.

Marochi was ordained to the priesthood in 1953. He served as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Londrina, Brazil from 1973 to 1976. He then served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Presidente Prudente, Brazil from 1976 to 2002.

Marochi died of respiratory failure in Londrina on 28 January 2018 at the age of 92.

Ion Ciubuc

Ion Ciubuc (May 29, 1943 – January 29, 2018) was a Moldovan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Moldova from January 1997 to February 1999. He was born in Hădărăuţi, Romania.

Ciubuc died on January 29, 2018 in Chișinău, Moldova at the age of 74.

Coco Schumann

Heinz Jakob "Coco" Schumann (14 May 1924 – 28 January 2018) was a German jazz musician of Jewish descent and Holocaust survivor. He was born in Berlin. He became a member of the Ghetto Swingers while in Auschwitz. In the aftermath of the Holocaust, Schumann performed as a jazz guitarist, performing with Marlene Dietrich, Ella Fitzgerald, and Helmut Zacharias.

His autobiography "The Ghetto Swinger: A Berlin Jazz-Legend Remembers" was published in 1997.

Schumann died in Berlin on 28 January 2018 at the age of 93.

National Harbor, Maryland

National Harbor is a census-designated place along the Potomac River in Oxon Hill, Prince George's County, Maryland just south of Washington, D.C.. It began as a multi-use waterfront development. In the 2020 census, its population was 5,509. The conservative event CPAC is located in National Harbor.


List of Google Easter eggs

Since the version 2.3 (Gingerbread) of Google's Android operating system an easter egg containing an animation has been hidden. The easter egg can be accessed through the "Settings" application, in the "About phone" section, by repeatedly tapping the "Android version" section. The animation is different in every version of the Operative System.

List of presidents of Israel

This is the list of presidents of the State of Israel.


Eschweiler Hauptbahnhof

Eschweiler Hauptbahnhof is the main and also biggest railway station of the German town of Eschweiler in North Rhine-Westphalia.

It was opened in September 1841, and is on the line Aachen-Cologne.

Eschweiler Central railway station lies about 700 meters from inner town.


Flanders

Flanders (, , , , ) or Flemish Region (Dutch: "Vlaams Gewest"), is the Dutch-speaking northern part of Belgium.

Their version of the Dutch language is usually called Flemish (Dutch: "Vlaams"). Its vocabulary and pronunciation is not identical with Dutch as spoken in Holland.

Flanders has five provinces and 300 municipalities. About seven million people live there. Its capital is Brussels, which is also the capital of Belgium..

There are some other differences from the rest of Belgium. related to culture, politics and history.

Flanders has five provinces:

Flanders (or Flemish Region) is one of three regions in Belgium. The other two regions are:


Eduard Bloch

Eduard Bloch was an Austrian doctor practicing in Linz (Austria) and until 1907 the physician of Adolf Hitler's family.

Bloch was born in Frauenberg (today Hluboká nad Vltavou, Czech Republic), studied medicine in Prague and then served as a medical officer in the Austrian army. In 1899 he was stationed in Linz and opened a private doctor’s practice after his discharge in 1901 in the baroque house at 12 Landstrasse, where he also lived with his family: his wife, Emilie (née Kafka) and their daughter Trude, born in 1903. According to Linz’s future mayor Ernst Koref, Bloch was held in high regard, particularly among the lower and indigent social classes. It was generally known that at any time at night he was willing to call on patients. He used to go on visits in his hansom, wearing a conspicuous broad-brimmed hat. Like most Jews in Linz at the time, the Bloch family were assimilated.

Thyroid hormones

Thyroid hormones are produced by thyroid glands. T and T are thyroid hormones that are made up of iodine and tyrosine. Less intake of iodine results in less production of T and T which may lead to a medical condition called hypothyroidism. Greater production of thyroid hormones leads to hyperthyroidism.

Thyroid hormones control the metabolism of the body. They act to increase the production of proteins, basal metabolic rate and growth hormone.

Mark Salling

Mark Wayne Salling (August 17, 1982 – January 30, 2018) was an American actor, singer-songwriter, composer, musician and convicted sex offender. He was known for his role as Noah "Puck" Puckerman on the television series "Glee". He was born in Dallas, Texas.

In December 2015, Salling was arrested for having several thousand photos and videos showing child pornography. In October 2017, Salling pleaded guilty and faced four to seven years in prison. His sentencing hearing was set in March 2018.

Salling committed suicide by hanging at his home in Los Angeles, California on January 30, 2018 at the age of 35.

Clyde Scott

Clyde Luther Scott (August 29, 1924 – January 30, 2018) was an American athlete. He competed professionally in the National Football League and earned an Olympic medal in the 110 meter hurdles. He was born in Dixie, Louisiana. He played for the Philadelphia Eagles from 1949 through 1952 and for the Detroit Lions in 1952.

Scott died on January 30, 2018, at age 93.

Kevin Towers

Kevin S. Towers (November 11, 1961 – January 30, 2018) was an American executive. He worked with Major League Baseball. He served as the General Manager of the San Diego Padres from 1995 to 2009 and for the Arizona Diamondbacks from 2010 to 2014. He was born in Medford, Oregon.

Towers died on January 30, 2018 in San Diego, California of thyroid cancer at the age of 56.


Title

A title is a prefix or suffix added to someone's name in certain contexts. It usually indicates social status. Examples include:


Detective Didi

Detective Didi is an Detective Indian television series that premiered on 9 December 2017 and airs on zee TV The series is produced by Trilogy Krikos Production. It Stars Sonia Balani and Manish Golpania in Lead roles.

Jeet Gayi Toh Piya Morey

Jeet Gayi Toh Piya Morey is an Indian Hindi romantic drama television series that premiered on 21 August 2017 and airs on Zee TV. The series is produced by Jay Production. It stars Krip Kapur Suri and Yesha Raghuni in lead roles.

Zindagi Ki Mehek

Zindagi Ki Mehak (Scent of Life) (International Title:Mehek) is an Indian drama television series which premiered on 19 September 2016 on Zee TV. Produced by Parin Media, it starred Samiksha Jaiswal and Karan Vohra.

The story of the show is set in Delhi and depicts the journey of a homemaker Mehek and her passion for cooking. She is shy and has social anxiety. Mehek meets top chef Shaurya, and while their cooking styles clash, they fall in love. Soon Mehek meets Shaurya and starts working with him. Shaurya soon falls in love with Mehek, which creates further misunderstanding.

Shaurya Khanna is a rich and wealthy restaurateur in Delhi while Mehek Sharma is a low on confident middle-class girl. Cooking is her hobby and passion, which she has inherited from her deceased mother. Mehek and Shaurya meet at a cooking competition that Shaurya is judging. Through her cooking, Mehek attains attention and importance that greatly pleases her to-be husband Ajay and his materialistic family. Meanwhile, Shaurya insults her throughout the shooting of the show leading to a point where Mehek is publicly humiliated and slaps Shaurya. Shaurya realises his mistake and apologises to her, which she finally accepts.

Mehek agrees to marry Ajay. Mehek's cousin Nehal has a secret affair with Ajay. Ajay rejects Nehal and threatens her forcing her to attempt suicide, but Shaurya saves her. Shaurya tricks Ajay into revealing his true intentions of marrying Mehek, which then caused to the wedding being called off. Shaurya and Mehek develop feelings for each other. Shaurya's mother Karuna fixes their marriage, but Shaurya must prove himself to Mehek's family, which he does. On their wedding day, Mehek is shocked to discover Shaurya has gone abroad to promote his new restaurant and has taken her recipes and their patents with him. It is revealed that Shaurya was planning his revenge on Mehek all this while.

Mehek decides to live in the Khanna household to make Shaurya realise his love for her. Shaurya helps Mehek's best friend Sonal elope with Mehek's brother Mohit. Mohit's grandmother suffers a heart attack, and the Sharmas blame Shaurya. In a fit of rage, Mehek's uncle vandalises Shaurya's restaurant, and in retaliation, Shaurya gets their shops bulldozed. This leads Mehek to give up and leave Shaurya finally. Mehek's ex-fiance Ajay and Sonal's ex-fiance Rohit abduct Mehek and try to rape her. Shaurya saves her in the nick of time, but Mehek suffers severe injuries. Her family blames Shaurya and take Mehek away. Finally, the Sharmas accept Shaurya.

Before their wedding day, Shaurya organises security for Mehek, but the chief officer has a connection to a dark secret from Shaurya's past. Just before their wedding, he reveals to Shaurya that 12 years ago, as a child, Shaurya had a car accident, and the couple killed were Mehek's parents. A shocked Shaurya tries to come clean to Mehek, but the ceremony continues, and they are married. Unfortunately, Mehek finds out the truth and believes Shaurya deceived her. She is enraged but pretends to be happily married for the sake of her family. When the Sharmas finally find out, they decide to reopen the case, and Karuna is arrested. Finally, misunderstandings between the families are cleared up.

On their honeymoon in Rishikesh, Mehek witnesses a murder committed by Archie. Archie attacks Mehek, and she is presumed dead in a drowning accident. A year later, Shaurya returns to Rishikesh and runs into Vandana, who looks precisely like Mehek but doesn't remember him. He can bring her memory back, and Archie is killed. Mehek and Shaurya adopt the young Neev and return home.


Nehal is pregnant with Shaurya's brother Vicky's child, so the families decide to get married. During a visit to the mall, there is a terrorist attack and Shaurya is abducted. The terrorist pretends to be Shaurya and enters the Khanna House. Neev discovers this, but his throat is slit leaving him unable to speak. Mehek saves the day, but her family is blackmailed into planting a bomb, but they defeat the terrorists.


Karuna's illegitimate daughter Anjali (Aanchal Khurana) enters their lives and creates misunderstandings between Mehek and Karuna. She gets Karuna to throw Mehek and Shaurya out of the house. Karuna names Anjali as the sole heir to her property, but when Mehek announces her pregnancy, Karuna welcomes them back to the family. Eventually, Anjali's truth is revealed, and she is sent to jail, where she meets Shaurya's aunt Svetlana. They decide to break out of prison, but Anjali is killed, and Svetlana pretends that she was preventing Anjali's escape. She is set free and returns home pretending to be blind. In a series of events, Svetlana's revenge materialises as she sets off a bomb at the Khanna house, killing almost all the Khannas and Sharmas. In the end, she shoots Mehek and Shaurya, who vows to return to complete their story before dying

Shaurya and Mehek are reborn. Mehek is born into a poor household where her father resents her being a girl. On the other hand, Shaurya is born into a wealthy family. Mehek grows to become a tomboy and again meets Shaurya. Mehek is a bold and fearless personality who quickly picks up fights. Shaurya is practising to become a boxer as his father hopes his son will one day win the gold medal. Visions of their previous life haunt both Shaurya and Mehek. Later, when Mehek and Shaurya have 20 years old, they are brought to the same college, both with the passion of boxing, their relationship constantly flickering because of this. Svetlana again tries to separate Mehek and Shaurya by killing them with the help of a superstitious baba when he reveals to her that if Mehek and Shaurya love each other a second time, her destiny will be sealed. Svetlana kills the sister of Mehek named Swati, who was trying to save Mehek. Mehek recalls her past life, but Svetlana fires two bullets at her. Mehek survives but pretends to be a ghost in front of Svetlana to make her feared. She then meets Shaurya. It is then revealed that Shaurya and Mehek's plan frighten Svetlana to such a level that she confesses her crimes. In the climax, Svetlana is killed by Durga Devi Trishula, and Kanta, who survived the tragedy caused by Svetlana 20 years ago, finds, probably by default of appearance, the avatars of Shaurya and Mehek and decides to live with them. Finally, Mehek and Shaurya get married and live happily together.



A TV series named "Mehek" began on the English-Bollywood Channel called Zee World on 7 April 2019. In a new development, Zee World is showing the original series alongside a new cast of South Africans, known in character as "The Gabela Family". Episodes from their own journey will run alongside the over 500 original episodes of Zindagi Ki Mehek.

Zee World introduces actors Shonisani Masutha, Kamogelo Mogale, Ndaba ka Ngwane and Nomava Kibare to Zee World viewers across Sub Saharan Africa.

This makes "Zee World" the first international Television outfit to produce a South African series alongside Indians actors and "Mehek" the first Zee World production to star actors from the African continent. In addition to the 505 original episodes of Zindagi Ki Mehek, viewers will be treated to 150 episodes from the South African cast.

Mediacom

Mediacom Communications is an American cable television, internet and telephone company. It was founded in July 1995.

The company serves Columbia, Jefferson City and Springfield, Missouri, the Quad Cities of southeast Iowa and western Illinois, Cedar Rapids, Iowa City and Waterloo in Iowa. It also serves certain areas of Minnesota, Alabama and outlying areas of the Florida Gulf Coast. It serves a total of twenty-two states.

Mediacom was a publicly traded firm. It later went private. It is now owned by Rocco B. Commisso.

The September 28, 2012 edition of "PC Magazine" said Mediacom was one of the nation's worst 15 fastest internet service providers.

The Des Moines "Business Record", in its 2012 Best of Des Moines issue, gave Mediacom the top award for Best Local Internet Service Provider and Best Company Use of Social Media.

In 2016, Mediacom was named the Nation's Top Communications Provider by the publication Cable Fax.

Yacht charter management

Yacht charter management is a business agreement between the charter organization and yacht proprietor where yacht proprietor approves charter organization for offering on-board accommodation and all other related marine operations.


Marga

Marga can mean:




École nationale supérieure de mécanique et des microtechniques

The École nationale supérieure de mécanique et des microtechniques is a engineering graduate school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Franche-Comté.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are normally done in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ENSMM.

The school is specialized in watchmaking and microtechnology.

Research activities at École nationale supérieure de mécanique et des microtechniques relate to the following topics:


Newark, California

Newark is a city in Alameda County, California, United States. It was created as a city in September 1955. Newark is an enclave, surrounded by the city of Fremont, California. The three cities of Newark, Fremont, and Union City make up the "Tri-City" area. Its population was 47,529 in 2020.

The 2020 United States Census reported that Newark had 47,529 people. There was 3,063.2 people per square mile (1,182.7/km²). Newark has 10,762 (22.6%) Whites, 1,584 (3.3%) Black, 560 (1.2%) Native Americans, 19,801 (41.7%) Asians, 693 (1.5%) Pacific Islanders, 8,317 (17.5%) from other races, and 5,812 (12.2%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 14,360 persons (30.2%).

The Census reported that 47,240 people (99.4% of the population) lived in households.

There were 14,946 households, out of which 5,779 (38.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them. 2,109 households (14.1%) were made up of individuals and 871 (5.8%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.32. There were 11,705 families (78.3% of all households); the average family size was 3.56.


Thapki Pyar Ki

Thapki Pyar Ki ("Pat of Love and Support") is an Indian television drama series that premiered on Colors TV on 25 May 2015. The Show initialy started with the Story of a Girl called "Thapki" who had a stammer. The Lead Actors in the Show were Jigyasa Singh and Manish Goplani who played the roles of Thapki and Bihaan respectively. The show culminated on 14 July 2017, showing the Happy Family of Thapki and Aryan, Look-alike of Bihaan, whom Thapki married after Bihaan's Death. It's an indian soap opera filled with drama and romance

Vani Chaturvedi (nicknamed "Thapki") (Jigyasa Singh) has a stutter but is a cheerful and intelligent girl. She never loses hope and doesn't let her stuttering become an obstacle in her life. Because of her stutter, Thapki receives no marriage proposals. Then she is introduced to Diwakar Mishra, who is short. He too refusesto marry Thapki because of her stutter and she is left heartbroken.

After a while, Thapki finds employment at a television channel called "News 365" which is owned by Dhruv Pandey (Ankit Bathla). Dhruv is a well educated and gentle man. When Thapki and her family migrate to Noida, Thapki handles the move well and impresses Dhruv. A co-worker becomes jealous and unsuccessfully tries to cause trouble. Meanwhile, Thapki and Dhruv fall in love.

Dhruv tells his family that he wishes to marry Thapki. The family agree but Dhruv's mother, Vasundhara, does not like Thapke because of her stutter. On the day of the marriage, Vasundhara asks her adopted son, Bihaan (Manish Goplani), to poison Dhruv's food. Dhruv falls unconscious. To Thapki's horror, she is then married to Bihaan. Vasu wants Dhruv to marry a girl called Shraddha (Monica Khanna). Shradda does not like Thapki and schemes against her.

One day, Thapki saves Vasundhara from a falling deity. Vasundhara regrets her attitude to Thapki. Meanwhile, Bihaan is falling in love with Thapki. Vasundhara asks Thapki to leave Bihaan for his own good. She does not and they are properly married. For a time, dhruv is jealous and trties to break up the marriage before realising the error of his ways.

Bihaan's biological family consisting of his mother,Kosi and his paternal uncle,Naman arrive. They want a kidney from Bihaan for their son, John. They discover that Bihaan was born with one kidney. Thapki tells Bihaan that his family will want the kidney anyway but Bihaan does not believe her. Thapki is pregnant and writes to tell Bihaan but the letter is intercepted by Bihaan's family. Thapki has an accident and loses the baby.

Thapki returns as a business tycoon called Vaani Oberoi. With the help of Kabir, she exposes Kosi Devi and he is removed from the house. Kabir takes revenge on Bihaan for setting alight the house of his sister, Neha. Thapki believes that Bihaan is innocent and soon Kabir does too. Thapki, Vasu and Neha expose Sankar as the true arsonist. The police come but Sankar escapes. Dhruv divorces Shraddha and marries Aditi (Sheena Bajaj), Thapki's sister. In a drunken state, he impregnates Aditi as well as Shraddha.

Then, Thapki falls pregnant. Sankar fakes her own death. The police arrest Bihaan for murdering Sankar. Sankar blackmails Thapki by saying she will save Bihaan from hanging if Thapki leaves. Thapki leaves and later gives birth to twin daughters. Sankar tries to kill one of the daughters but she is saved by Bihaan who adopts her. Everyone thinks that one of the twins is dead. Thapki leaves with Kabir. Bihaan tries to stop her. Shraddha tells Sankar that she knows that she had blackmail Thapki and they form an alliance. Aditi overhears them and tells Bihaan. They go to Thapki but on the way are injured when Sharddha runs them over.

Aditi is found dead. Dhruv blames Thapki and is very angry. Bihaan has lost his memory. Shraddha and Sankar mistreat Tina. Thapki is living with Bani. Thapki and Bihaan meet at their daughters' school. Thapki returns in order to help Bihaan's amnesia. Shraddha blackmails Tina into pressuring Bihaan and Sankar to marry. Bihaan's memory returns when Thapki reminds him of Sankar's behaviour. Sankar implicates Shraddha. 
When Vasu takes Bihaan and his family to a famous temple, a gangster called Amma Mai kidnaps Bani. Amma Mai wants Bani to marry his son. Shraddha tries to make an alliance with Amma Mai. Shraddha's plan is revealed by Thapki. When Bihaan tries to save Bani, he is shot by Amma Mai. Amma Mai and her son are arrested. Bani blames Thapki for he father's death and leaves home. Kosi takes Bani in. Thapki is then kidnapped by Shraddha. Vasu rescues Thapki and defeats Shraddha.

Tina is to marry Samar. Bani and Kosi arrive to take revenge on Thapki. Thapki asks Aryan, who looks like Bihaan, to impersonate Bihaan. Aryan is the brother of Bani's fiancé, Manav. On the day of marriage, Kosi creates mayhem. Bani apologises to Thapki and Kosi is arrested.

Aryan is told that Bani has died in an accident and Thapki's face has been completely changed by surgery after the accident. In fact, Thapki and Bani have been kidnapped by "Lovely", a bar dancer, who is impersonating Thapki. Thapki escapes but is blackmailed into silence by Lovely, who threatens to kill Bani. Mohini is Thapki's long lost twin sister who was separated from her family when Thapki pushed her. Mohini disguises Thapki with a veil and introduces her as Rajjo. However, the family are not fooled. Samar rescues Bani. Mohini apologises for her actions.

Tina and Vasu have not yet forgiven Thapki for messing up her daughters life. Vasu learns of Aryan and Balvinder tries to kill him. Before he does, Bani explains all. Thapki is forgiven. Aryan is invited to stay with the family to take Bihaan's place. Aryan marries Thapki and everyone lives happily ever after.


On 12 February 2016, an episode called "Ishq Ka Rang Safed" was broadcast. Dhaani goes to the temple to make amends for drinking. She falls on the temple stairs but Bihaan saves her. Thapki arrives at the temple but hides from Bihaan. Dhaani helps Thapki and they pray together and become friends.

In the Trishakti ("Power of Three") a number of trilogies were broadcast in serial form.

The series was broadcast in Pakistan by Filmazia and Colors TV, until October 2016. It was dubbed into Tamil as "Indira – Puthumai Penn" ("Indira – A Girl of Innovation") and broadcast on Raj TV. The show was dubbed into Indonesian language as "Thapki" and was broadcast from 18 July 2016 on ANTV. In Vietnam, the series was broadcast as "Tôi, Thapki" in Vietnamese on HTV3. "Thapki" was translated to Persian and broadcast on the Gem Bollywood channel.

Flag of Ethiopia

The flag of Ethiopia was created in 1996.

It has a horizontal tricolour of green, yellow and red, it is the National Emblem superimposed at the center.

Nihonium

Nihonium (ニホニウム) is a chemical element. It is also named eka-thallium. It has the symbol Nh. It has the atomic number 113. It is a transuranium element. The name "nihonium" comes from the name of Japan in Japanese, 日本 ("nihon").

Nihonium does not exist in nature, and can only be made artificially. It is made from the alpha decay of moscovium.

There are no known uses for nihonium. What nihonium looks like is not known because not enough has been made to see it with human eyesight. Based on trends in the Periodic Table it could be soft, silver color, very reactive metal like sodium.

On February 1, 2004, Nihonium and moscovium were discovered. A team of Russian scientists at Dubna from the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research and American scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory first reported the chemical elements.

On September 28, 2004, a team of Japanese scientists said that they had made the element.

In May 2006, in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research made nihonium using a different method. They found the identity of the last products of the radioactive decay of the nihonium they made.

Ununtrium was a temporary IUPAC systematic element name meaning "one-one-three" in Latin. 
Scientists from Japan suggested the name "japonium" (symbol "Jp") or "rikenium" ("Rk"). However, they picked Nihonium because not only is it discovered in Japan, but it means Japan, too, as Nihon is Japan or Japanese in Japanese.


Parathyroid hormone

Parathyroid hormone is a hormone which is secreted by the parathyroid glands. These hormones release calcium into the blood to raise calcium levels, making bones stronger. Too little of these hormones can result in hypoparathyroidism and too much of it can lead to hyperparathyroidism.


MUFG Bank

MUFG holds assets of around US$2.459 trillion as of 2016, making it the world's fifth largest bank by total assets and is one of the main companies of the Mitsubishi Group. It is Japan's largest financial group and the world's second largest bank holding company holding around US$1.8 trillion (JPY 148 trillion) in deposits as of March 2011. MUFG is the second largest public company in Japan when measured by market capitalization. The letters "MUFG" come from "Mitsubishi" and "United Financial of Japan", the name of an acquired company.

Bailout

A bailout is when financial help is given to a corporation or country which is close to failure or bankruptcy.

Moin Nawaz Warraich

Moin Nawaz Warraich (; born 22 February 1949) is a retired army officer and politician and the member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since May 2013. Moin Nawaz Warraich is one of the few Politicians who is very honest and is highly respected even by his oposition party members. He comes from a very well respected families of Gujarat. He is the Son of Ch Gun Nawaz Warraich and the Grand Son of Ch Muzaffar Khan Warraich. 

Warraich was born on 22 February 1949 in Gujrat to Gul Nawaz Warraich. He completed his education from Pakistan Military Academy in 1970.

Warraich is a Pakistan Army officer and has served as a Major until his retirement in 1995.

The Blackstone Group

The Blackstone Group L.P. is an American multinational private equity, alternative asset management and financial services firm based in New York City. As the largest alternative investment firm in the world, Blackstone specializes in private equity, credit and hedge fund investment strategies. As of September 30, 2017 Blackstone has $387 billion under management.

Blackstone's private equity business has been one of the largest investors in leveraged buyouts in the last decade, while its real estate business has actively acquired commercial real estate. Since its inception, Blackstone has invested in such notable companies as Hilton Worldwide, Merlin Entertainments Group, Performance Food Group, Equity Office Properties, Republic Services, AlliedBarton, United Biscuits, Freescale Semiconductor, Vivint, and Travelport.

Blackstone was founded in 1985 as a mergers and acquisitions boutique by Peter G. Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman, who had previously worked together at Lehman Brothers, Kuhn, Loeb Inc.. Blackstone has become one of the world's largest private equity investment firms. In 2007, Blackstone completed a $4 billion initial public offering to become one of the first major private equity firms to list shares in its management company on a public exchange. Blackstone is headquartered at 345 Park Avenue in Manhattan, New York City, with eight additional offices in the United States, as well as offices in London, Paris, Düsseldorf, Sydney, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore, Beijing, Shanghai, Madrid, Mumbai, and Dubai.

Padmavati

Padmini, also known as Padmavati, was a legendary 13th–14th century Indian queen (Rani). Several 16th-century texts mention her, of which the earliest source is "Padmavat". "Padmavat" is an epic fictionalized poem written by Malik Muhammad Jayasi in 1540 CE. The Jayasi text describes her story as follows: Padmavati was an exceptionally beautiful princess of the Singhal kingdom (Sri Lanka). Ratan Sen, the Rajput ruler of Chittor Fort, heard about her beauty from a talking parrot named Hiraman. After an adventurous quest, he won her hand in marriage and brought her to Chittor. Alauddin Khalji, the Sultan of Delhi, also heard about her beauty, and laid siege to Chittor to obtain her. Many events occurred during the period of the siege, till the fort was finally taken. Meanwhile, Ratan Sen was killed in a duel with Devpal, the king of Kumbhalner, who was also enamoured with Padmavati's beauty. Before Alauddin Khalji could capture Chittor, Padmavati and her companions committed Jauhar (self-immolation) to protect their honour. After her sacrifice, the Rajput men died fighting on the battlefield. There is also a Bollywood movie called " Padmavati " which explains the story very well.

Many other written and oral tradition versions of her life exist in Hindu and Jain traditions. These versions differ from the Sufi poet Jayasi's version. For example, Rani Padmani's husband Ratan Sen dies fighting the siege of Alauddin Khalji, and thereafter she leads a jauhar. In these versions, she is characterised as a Hindu Rajput queen, who defended her honour against a Muslim invader. Over the years, she came to be seen as a historical figure, and appeared in several novels, plays, television serials and movies. However, while Khalji's siege of Chittor in 1303 CE is a historical event, many modern historians question the authenticity of the Padmini legends.

The Cat Concerto

The Cat Concerto is the 29th "Tom and Jerry" animated cartoon. It was released in theaters on April 26, 1947 and was produced by Fred Quimby and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera. It is considered one of the best "Tom and Jerry" cartoons ever made, winning the Academy Award for Best Short Subject: Cartoons in the 19th Academy Awards.


Hurricane Belle

Hurricane Belle was a Category 3 Atlantic tropical cyclone in August 1976. The storm, at one point, had winds around before it moved northward up the East Coast of the United States.

The storm formed on August 6; it became Tropical Storm Belle on August 7. Later on August 7, it became a hurricane. On August 9, Belle's winds peaked at .

Because of Hurricane Belle's proximity, hurricane watches were issued from Georgia to Maine.

The hurricane brushed the North Carolina coast with gale-force winds. Unlike most storms that threaten the Northeastern United States, Belle didn't accelerate as it came closer to land.

On the morning of August 10, Belle came ashore as a minimal hurricane near Jones Beach on Long Island, New York. Just after crossing the Long Island Sound, it came ashore as a strong tropical storm near Bridgeport and New Haven, Connecticut.

Belle took twelve lives when it struck the East Coast of the United States. Damage was $100 million.

Rachel Clarke

Rachel Clarke (born 1972) is a British palliative care doctor and writer. She specialises in palliative care for the National Health Service (NHS) in England. From 2015 Dr Clarke has had an active voice in the debate regarding junior doctors' pay rights in the United Kingdom, appearing in multiple television debates on this issue.

Before re-training as a doctor at age 29, Rachel Clarke worked as a journalist. She produced and directed current-affairs documentaries. Some of these documentaries focused on subjects such as Al-Qaeda, the Gulf War and the civil war in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, otherwise known as the Second Congo War.

Clarke's activism began when the Secretary of State for Health, Jeremy Hunt, wanted to impose a new contract upon junior doctors. Dr Clarke campaigned against the government, arguing in print and on screen that imposition would irrevocably damage the NHS. Her debut book "Your Life In My Hands" was published by John Blake in July 2017.

Ricky Stenhouse Jr.

Richard Lynn "Ricky" Stenhouse Jr. (born October 2, 1987) is an American racecar driver. He currently drives in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, driving the No. 17 Ford Fusion for Roush Fenway Racing. He has won the Nationwide Series championship in 2010 and 2011, and has been Rookie of the Year in both the Monster Energy Cup and Nationwide Series.

Stenhouse started racing when he was six, driving go-karts. He later moved in to sprint car racing, being named Rookie of the Year in a sprint car series in 2007. He also raced for former NASCAR driver Tony Stewart in 2007. Stenhouse signed a contract with NASCAR team Roush Fenway Racing in 2007, running in the ARCA Racing Series in 2008. In only his sixth stock car race, Stenhouse won for the first time at Kentucky Speedway. He won another race at Pocono Raceway and was running for the championship with Scott Speed before he and Speed crashed twice in the race so that both of them wouldn't win the championship.

After running in the ARCA series, Stenhouse drove for Roush Fenway Racing in seven Nationwide Series races in 2009 with Greg Biffle, Colin Braun and Jamie McMurray completing the schedule. He qualified first at Iowa Speedway and ran all of the races in 2010, winning the Rookie of the Year award. The following year, he won the championship. He won the championship again in 2012. After the final race of 2012, Stenhouse was disappointed because he didn't win the race.

Stenhouse made his first Sprint Cup start in 2011, driving in place of Trevor Bayne at Wood Brothers Racing. He did not run another race until the next year, when he ran four races for Roush Fenway Racing.

He ran all of the races in 2013, winning the series' Rookie of the Year award. He came back for a full season the following year but did not qualify for one race due to a new way of qualifying. In 2015, Stenhouse had some sponsorship problems, leading to a 25th-place finish in the point standings. His performance went along with the team not doing as well as before. The following year, Stenhouse finished a career-best second at Bristol Motor Speedway; however, his crew chief was suspended the following week for a steering wheel problem. Overall, it was the best year of his Cup career.

Stenhouse finally broke through to Victory Lane in the Cup Series in 2017, winning at Talladega Superspeedway in his 158th career start. A couple months later, he won again, this time at Daytona International Speedway. Both of his wins came on restrictor plate tracks. He also made the NASCAR Playoffs for the first time, making it through the Round of 16 before being cut in the Round of 12.

Stenhouse started dating another NASCAR driver, Danica Patrick, in 2013. The two split in late 2017.

Flag of São Tomé and Príncipe

The flag of São Tomé and Príncipe was created in 1975.

It has a horizontal tricolour of green, yellow and green; with a red triangle based at the hoist and two black five-pointed stars in the yellow stripe.

Flag of Cape Verde

The flag of Cape Verde was used since September 22, 1992.

The five horizontal (facing left and right) stripes are blue, white, red, white, and blue. The top stripe is half as tall as the flag. The three stripes in the middle are each one-twelfth as tall as the flag. The bottom stripe is one-fourth as tall as the flag.

The middle of the circle of 10 yellow five-pointed stars is on the red stripe. It is three-eighths away from the left side of the flag.

Video camera tube

The video camera tube was a type of vacuum tube used to capture television images between the 1930s and 1980s.

A video camera tube uses a lens to focus the image on a photoelectric material (a material which emits electrons when light hits it) housed at the front of a glass tube.

An electron gun at the back of the tube, like those used in a cathode ray tube, fires electrons at the material. When the photoelectric material is hit with brighter light, it produces more electrons, which cause more of the electrons fired by the electron gun to bounce back.

By measuring the number of electrons which bounced back, the video camera tube is able to tell how bright each part of the image is, and create a signal suitable for display on a cathode ray tube.


Martinism

Martinism is a form of Christian mysticism following with the fall of the first man, his state of material divine source, and the process of his return, called 'Reintegration' or illumination.

As a mystical tradition, it was first transmitted through a masonic system created around 1740 in France by Martinez de Pasqually, and later propagated in different forms by his two students Louis Claude de Saint-Martin and Jean-Baptiste Willermoz.


Deaths in February 2018

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in February 2018. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.
































Niranjan Bhagat

Niranjan Bhagat (18 April 1926 – 1 February 2018) was an Indian poet and commentator. He was born in Ahmedabad, India. Bhagat won the 1999 Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati language for his work "Gujarati Sahiyta-Purvardha Uttarardha". He was also an English poet, and had written over a hundred poems in English, most being written in the style of "Gitanjali".

Bhagat died of a stroke on 1 February 2018 in Ahmedabad at the age of 91.

Eddie Shaw

Eddie Shaw (March 20, 1937 – January 29, 2018) was an American Chicago blues tenor saxophonist, arranger and bandleader. He was born in Stringtown, Mississippi. He led Howlin' Wolf's band, the Wolf Gang, from 1972, both before Wolf's death in 1976.

In 2013 and 2014, Shaw won the Blues Music Award in the category Instrumentalist – Horn.

Shaw died on January 29, 2018 in Chicago of natural causes, aged 80.


Olavi Mäenpää

Olavi Juhani Mäenpää (29 November 1950 Tyrvää – 31 January 2018 Turku) was a Finnish politician. He was the former chairman of Finnish People's Blue-whites ("Suomen Kansan Sinivalkoiset, SKS"), a political party aligned with the far right. He was a member of the city council of Turku, his home city, since 1992 until he lost his seat in the elections in 2017.

Terry Van Ginderen

Esther Van Ginderen-Verbeeck, also known as Aunt Terry (8 September 1931 – 30 January 2018) was a Flemish television presenter and businesswoman. She was born in Hoboken, Antwerp. From 1989, when she founded VTM she worked for this channel, again for children's programs.

Van Ginderen died of pneumonia on 30 January 2018 in Bonheiden, Antwerp at the age of 86.

Rasual Butler

Rasual Butler (May 23, 1979 – January 31, 2018) was an American professional basketball player. He played for the Miami Heat, New Orleans Hornets, Los Angeles Clippers, Chicago Bulls, Toronto Raptors, Indiana Pacers, Washington Wizards and San Antonio Spurs. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

On January 31, 2018, Butler and his girlfriend Leah LaBelle were both killed in a car accident in Los Angeles, California. He was 38 years old.

Oscar Gamble

Oscar Charles Gamble (December 20, 1949 – January 31, 2018) was an American professional baseball player. He was born in Ramer, Arkansas. Gamble played as an outfielder and designated hitter in Major League Baseball from 1969 to 1985. He played for seven different teams: the Chicago White Sox and New York Yankees on two separate occasions, as well as the Chicago Cubs, Philadelphia Phillies, Cleveland Indians, San Diego Padres, and Texas Rangers.

Gamble died on January 31, 2018 in Birmingham, Alabama of jaw cancer at the age of 68.

Haim Gouri

Haim Gouri (; October 9, 1923 – January 31, 2018) was an Israeli poet, novelist, journalist, and documentary filmmaker. He was born in Tel Aviv. In 1975, he won the Bialik Prize for literature and in 1988, he won the Israel Prize for Hebrew poetry.

Gouri died in Jerusalem on January 31, 2018 at the age of 94.

Leonid Kadeniuk

Leonid Kostyantynovych Kadenyuk (, 28 January 1951 – 31 January 2018) was a Ukrainian astronaut. He was the first astronaut of independent Ukraine. He flew on NASA's Space Shuttle Columbia in 1997 as part of the international mission STS-87. Kadeniuk held the rank of Major General in the Ukrainian Air Force. He was born in Klishkivtsi, Chernivtsi Oblast.

Kadeniuk died on 31 January 2018, three days after turning 67 in Kiev.

Su Bai

Su Bai (; 3 August 1922 – 1 February 2018) was a Chinese archaeologist. He was born in Shenyang, Liaoning Province. He served as the first head of the Department of Archaeology of Peking University from 1983 to 1988. He was known for his pioneering research in the archaeology of Buddhism. He won the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Chinese Archaeology Society in 2016.

On 1 February 2018, Su Bai died in Beijing, at the age of 95.

Sanskrit cinema

"Adi Shankaracharya" was the first Sanskrit feature film. It was made in 1983, produced by National Film Development Corporation of India and directed by G.V. Iyer.

The second Sanskrit film, "Bhagavad Gita", was made in 1992 by G.V. Iyer. 

"Priyamanasam", the third Sanskrit movie, is based on the life of 17th century Keralite poet Unnayi Warrier. The movie was directed by award winning director Vinod Mankara.

"Ishti" was a Sanskrit socialist film released in 2015 and made by G. Prabh.

"Anurakthi" was the first Sanskrit 3D film, released in 2018.



List of towns in Lahore

This is a list of towns in Lahore, Pakistan.

Aap Ke Aa Jane Se

Aap Ke Aa Jane Se is an Indian television soap opera drama. The series premiere on 15 January 2018 and it is currently airing on Zee TV. The series is produced by Budhi Tree Multimedia PVLD, and the series was started by Karan Jotwani as Sahil and Suhasi Dhami as Vedhika.

Sahil and Vedika fall in love with each other , Despite Vedika being 18 years older than sahil. Will their love be strong enough to overcome all troubles they are about to face?


The show’s story is divided into two seasons and involves multiple twists and turns that connect the characters across lifetimes.

Vedika Mathur, a 42-year-old single mother living in Kanpur with her mother, Manjula, and daughter, Arya, faces financial difficulties due to her middle-class status. Sahil Agarwal, a 24-year-old irresponsible young man, returns home after completing his studies. Sahil’s elder aunt, Bimla, arranges his marriage with his friend Nidhi, but he rejects the proposal and is thrown out of the house.

In need of money, Vedika rents out a room in her house to Sahil, believing that he is married. Sahil hides the truth from Vedika because he knows she would not allow him to stay otherwise. Over time, Vedika and Sahil fall in love, but Vedika is hesitant to accept their relationship due to societal norms and their significant age difference. Eventually, she comes to terms with her feelings and accepts Sahil’s love.

On the day of their wedding, a misunderstanding occurs, and Vedika ends up switching places with Nidhi, almost marrying her instead. Sahil believes their marriage is invalid and denies completing the wedding rituals. Complications arise as Sahil’s cousin, Yash, blackmails Vedika into marrying him, and she agrees because she has feelings for Sahil.

In a series of events, Yash is diagnosed with cancer and requests Vedika to give him a child through IVF. Due to a nurse’s mistake, Sahil becomes the sperm donor for Yash and Vedika’s child. After Yash’s death, Bhumi, Vedika’s distant cousin, comes to stay with her.

The second season picks up after a time leap of five years. Vedika returns to Kanpur with her daughter, Sadika, while Sahil lives with Bhumi and their adopted son, Ved. Arya returns to India after completing her studies.

Various revelations come to light as Vedika discovers that Sadika is Gauri and Deepak’s daughter, and Ved is her real son. Sahil also learns that Ved is his biological child and that his mother, Anjana, was killed by Bimla. Enraged, Sahil leaves Bhumi and reunites with Vedika.

Bimla continues her malicious acts, poisoning Sahil’s mind against Vedika, leading to their separation once more. Vedika is accused of abandoning her child, and Sahil, in a fit of rage, marries her cousin Bhumi. Vedika later gives birth to another son, Virat.

Tragic events unfold as Sahil falls off a cliff and is declared dead, only to reappear later with lost memories. He unintentionally marries Pankti, a woman facing issues with her father, Tej Pratap Singh, a politician. Meanwhile, Vedika and Sahil’s love story transcends generations, with past life connections becoming apparent.

The show explores how the characters navigate through love, loss, and revenge across lifetimes, ultimately striving to be together and complete their love story.


Fear Files

Fear Files is an Indian television horror drama series. The series is currently airing on Zee TV. at IST 10:30 mp.
In every Saturday to Sunday.
Voot

Voot, Launched in March 2016, from the digital arms of Viacom 18. It's Viacom 18's advertising-led-video-on-demand platform. That is available as an app for iOS and Android Users, and a website for desktop consumption.

Voot is available only in India. And hosts over 40,000 hours of video content that includes shows from channels like, MTV India, Nickelodeon, Colors TV. Content is also available in multi languages like, Kannada,Marathi, Bengali,Gujarati and Tamil.



Dark Rainbow

Dark Rainbow is an Indian Bollywood Movie, Directed by Abhik Bhanu. <br> Starring Sara Khan And Mayur Mehta, it was scheduled to be released mid-2014.
It's official launch was on 15 December 2011 with Ekta Kapoor in attendance.

Dark Rainbow is a musical love story.
The central character Ruhi (played by Sara Khan) is in love with a talented musician, Ranbir (played by Mayur Mehta). Rann has a band called Rainbow.

List of programmes broadcast by Zee TV

The following list is a programming originally broadcast by Zee TV, a television channel in India.





Mimathyma ambica

Mimathyma ambica, the Indian purple emperor, is a species of nymphalid butterfly in Asia.

Katpana Desert

The Katpana Desert at Skardu, Gilgit-Baltistan in Pakistan, this desert is also known as the "Cold Desert".

There are Sand dunes in Skardu around the Indus river. This desert stretches from the Khaplu Valley to Nubra Ladakh and Shigar Skardu Valley to Zanskar, Occupied Kashmir, but the largest desert area is found in Skardu and Shigar valley. Locally called Biama Nakpo , biama thang and Katpana biama, the Katpana Desert is located near Skardu Airport while Shigar desert is located on the way to Shigar valley 

Institut supérieur de l'automobile et des transports

Institut supérieur de l'automobile et des transports is an engineering graduate school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Burgundy (Center France). It is the only French public school specialized in automotive engineering.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ISAT.

Research activities at Institut supérieur de l'automobile et des transports relate to the following topics:


Phantasmagoria

Phantasmagoria was a type of live entertainment and horror show from the 1800s. It use one or more magic lanterns to project frightening images such as skeletons, demons, and ghosts onto walls, smoke, or semi-transparent screens. Typically rear projection was used to keep the lantern out of sight. Mobile or portable projectors were used; this allowed the projected image to move and change size on the screen, and multiple projecting devices allowed for quick switching of different images. In many shows the use of spooky decoration, total darkness, sound effects, (auto-)suggestive verbal presentation and sound effects were also key elements. Some shows added all kinds of sensory stimulation, including smells and electric shocks. Even required fasting, fatigue (late shows) and drugs have been mentioned as methods of making sure spectators would be more convinced of what they saw. The shows started under the <nowiki>guise</nowiki> of actual séances in Germany in the late 18th century, and gained popularity through most of Europe (especially England) throughout the 19th century.

Édouard Ferrand

Édouard Ferrand (25 April 1965 – 1 February 2018) was a French politician. He was born in Lyon, France. He was a member of National Front. He was a "Front National" MEP and regional councillor in Burgundy. He was elected to the European Parliament in May 2014.

Ferrand died on 1 February 2018 in Paris of cancer at the age of 52.

Ole Thestrup

Ole Svane Thestrup (12 March 1948 – 2 February 2018) was a Danish actor. He appeared in many Danish movies, mainly by those directed by Anders Thomas Jensen. He had a recurring role in the political drama series "Borgen". He was born in Nibe, Denmark.

Thestrup's early television roles included the comedy series "Een stor familie" (1982–1983) and the 1986 Christmas calendar show "Jul på Slottet". He retired in April 2017.

Suffering from alcoholism, Thestrup was arrested and later imprisoned in Canada for boarding a plane drunk.

Thestrup died on 2 February 2018, in his home in Tuse Næs, Denmark from lung cancer at the age of 69.

Yukiaki Okabe

Okabe died of pneumonia in Tokyo on January 26, 2018 at the age of 76.

Rolf Schafstall

Rudolf 'Rolf' Schafstall (22 February 1937 – 30 January 2018) was a German football coach and a player. He played for Hamborn 07 from 1950 to 1963 and for Reutlingen 05 from 1963 to 1969. He coached MSV Duisburg, VfL Bochum, and Bayer 05 Uerdingen. He was born in Duisburg, Germany.

Schafstall died on 30 January 2018 in Krefeld, Germany at the age of 80.

Erwin de Vries

Erwin de Vries (December 21, 1929 – January 31, 2018) was a Surinamese painter and sculptor. He was born in Paramaribo. His work had been displayed at the Stedelijk Museum and the Nationaal Monument Slavernijverleden in Amsterdam. De Vries also exhibited a great deal in Jamaica.

De Vries died in Paramaribo of respiratory failure on January 31, 2018 at the age of 88.

Wood-Ridge, New Jersey

Wood-Ridge is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 10,137.

Wood-Ridge was incorporated as a borough by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on December 6, 1894.

Joanne (song)

"Joanne" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It is taken from her fifth studio album of the same name. The song is a folk-pop song that discusses the death of Gaga's aunt, her father's sister, who died from lupus in 1974, before Gaga was born. Joanne is also Gaga's middle name.

A slower, piano version of the song was released on January 26, 2018, and renamed "Joanne (Where Do You Think You're Goin'?)". Gaga performed this version along with "Million Reasons" at the 60th Grammy Awards on January 28, 2018, where she was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album for "Joanne" and Best Pop Solo Performance for "Million Reasons".

The piano version won the award for Best Pop Solo Performance at the 2019 (61st) Grammy Awards.


Disney's Magical Express

Disney's Magical Express is a private ground transportation and luggage service delivery for Walt Disney World Resort operated by Mears Transportation. The service is complimentary and is only available to guests with reservations at one of 21 Walt Disney World Resort hotels.

In 2015, Universal Orlando, Disney's main competitor in the area, announced their own airport shuttle to their resort. The Universal service is operated by SuperShuttle, costs $35 round-trip, and has guests take care of their own luggage.


Roveredo, Graubünden

Roveredo is a municipality of the district Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Bünzen

Bünzen can mean:



Tu Sooraj Main, Saanjh Piyaji

Tu Sooraj Main Saanjh Piyaji was a 2017 Indian television soap opera that aired on Star Plus. The Show stars Rhea Sharma and Avinesh Rekhi and is the sequel to the series Diya Aur Baati Hum. Neelu Vaghela, Ashok Lokhande, and Kanika Maheshwari continue their roles from that series.

The story is based on the life of the children of Sooraj and Sandhya, focusing on their daughter, Kanak. Her grandmother Bhabho ignores and looks down upon Kanak because according to her, Kanak is to blame for her (Kanak's) parents' death, but later upon realising her love for Kanak, Bhabho accepts her as family. Later, Kanak gets married to a superstitious but good-hearted gentleman, named Uma Shankar. He is a blind believer in morals taught by his greedy and hypocrite maternal aunt, Nanda Devi. Kanak sets off on a journey with Uma Shankar to teach him the greatest moral of life - humanity - while she is criticized by Palomi and repeatedly harmed by Maasi Saa, and later, her lewd son, Aditya. In the process, she herself falls in love with Uma after establishing herself as the perfect wife for him. In a subplot taking place in Bangkok, Uma and Kanak plot to expose Maasi Saa and Aditya, and prove that Palomi is alive. They succeed in doing so and are about to live happily until Uma shockingly marries Meera Mittal, daughter of a rich businessman.

The story then takes a two-year leap and Kanak eventually reappears in Uma's life, who is now shown as a successful business tycoon. After a lot of misunderstandings, it is revealed that Uma still loves Kanak and he was actually blackmailed and forced into marrying Meera to save his sister Suman's life. Meera gets mad with jealousy and vows to destroy Kanak’s life. She and Aditya try to separate them including attempting to marry off Kanak to a man who is also after her, but fails every time and eventually get arrested thanks to a cunning plan made by Kanak. Aditya also realises his mistake and has a change of heart, becoming loyal towards his brother. Kanak gets rid of her hatred towards Uma and the couple are united again. It is then that Maasi Saa comes out of jail with the same evil intention.

Saras (Uma's sister) meanwhile suffers a miscarriage, and seeing Uma's grief over the matter Kanak with the help of Aditya launches a Bike Ambulance so that every emergency patient gets admitted to the hospital as quickly as possible. But this noble idea creates many enemies for Uma and Kanak and Dr. Parag, Dean of Pratistha Medical College joins hands with Maasi Saa to cancel Uma's license so that he can use the idea to build his own Medical College and take the credit wholly upon himself. Kanak decides to study Paramedicine and become a doctor herself to save the license from being cancelled so no one can label her as amateur when she treats any patient. After facing several hurdles and hindrances in the college set up by Dr. Parag, she at last succeeds in removing the mask out of Dr. Parag's face, unveiling his true nature in front of the public and gets him put in prison. It is revealed that Maasi Saa was ill-treated by Dr. Parag while in jail, and she was planning for revenge ever since she got out of jail. She later stops plotting against Uma and Kanak and becomes kind towards them.

Uma at this time receives a fake call and gets attacked by some goons who also trash his Bike Ambulance. He recovers some months later, but loses his memory and to everyone's surprise turns into that same superstitious person he used to be before. He asks Kanak to either choose him or to pursue the Paramedics course as he is against the idea of her studying. However, Kanak chooses to continue her dream of becoming a doctor. Uma supports her decision and Aditya then reveals that it was Uma's plan all along to infuse some confidence and passion inside Kanak which she was lacking, and that he never lost his memory. With her husband at her side, the story finally ends on a happy note as Kanak sets off for her new career with the blessings of Bhabo and other elders.

Because of it's Popularity it is remade in several language . It has been remade in Telegu as Agni Sakshi which airs on Maa TV . The series has also been remade in Bengali as Ardhangini which airs on STAR Jalsha.




Dil Samabhal Jaa Zara

Dil Sambhal Jaa Zara was an Indian drama finite television series which broadcasted on Star Plus and was being produced by Bollywood filmmaker Vikram Bhatt.The Show Started Sanjay Kapoor and Smriti Kalra in lead roles.The Show went off air on 2nd February 2018 Due to Low Trp Ratings.

Meri Durga

Meri Durga was a 2017 Indian television series . It was which broadcasted on Star Plus. The series was created by the producer Ravindra Gautam and Pradeep Kumar under their own banner Paperback Films. The show premiered on 26 January 2017. It starred Paras Kalnawat, Srishti Jain , Vicky Ahuja and Ananya Agarwal. The show went off air on 17 March 2018 getting replaced by Ikyawann



Ravi Town

Ravi () is an administrative town (tehsil) in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. The town is named after the Ravi River. 

Barys Kit

Barys Uladzimiravich Kit (, ; April 6, 1910 – February 1, 2018) was a Belarusian American rocket scientist. He was born in Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire.

In the mid-1950s Kit began his scientific activities in the field of astronautics. He worked for 25 years in the American space research program. As a mathematician and systems analyst, he took part in projects aimed at the development of intercontinental missile systems.

Kit died on February 1, 2018 in Frankfurt-am-Main, Germany of pneumonia at the age of 107.

Dennis Edwards

Dennis Edwards (February 3, 1943 – February 1, 2018) was an American soul and R&B singer. He the lead singer in The Temptations, on Motown Records. He was born in Fairfield, Alabama. 

Edwards died of a stroke as complications from meningitis in Chicago, Illinois on February 1, 2018 at the age of 74.

William J. Hughes

William John "Bill" Hughes (October 17, 1932 – October 30, 2019) was an American politician. He served as a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1975 to 1995. He represented New Jersey’s Second Congressional District.

After retiring from Congress in 1995, Hughes was appointed by President Bill Clinton as United States Ambassador to Panama, a post he held until October, 1998 leading up to the historic turnover of the Panama Canal to Panama control.

Hughes died on October 30, 2019 in Ocean City, New Jersey, just thirteen days after his 87th birthday.

Bill Pascrell

William James Pascrell Jr. (born January 25, 1937) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for . He represented from January 1997 until the redistricting of January 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party.


Samanabad

Samanabad (Urdu: سمن آباد‬‎) is neighborhood town located in Samanabad Tehsil of Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.


Samanabad Sports Arena has been established which provides facilities such as Badminton, Gym, Squash, Table Tennis, Taekwando, Aerobics and Snooker to the members.


Anatoly Glushenkov

Anatoly Glushenkov (November 20, 1942 – January 16, 2018) was a Russian politician. He served as the Governor of Smolensk Oblast from 1993 to 1998. He was the first popularly elected Governor of Smolensk Oblast. He was born in the Smolensk Oblast.

Glushenkov died on January 16, 2018 in Smolensk, Russia at the age of 75.

Károly Palotai

Károly Palotai (11 September 1935 – 3 February 2018) was a Hungarian association football player and referee. He was an Olympic Gold winner as a player before turning to refereeing. He was a referee at three World Cup tournaments and officiated in two European Cup finals. He also served as an official referee for FIFA.

Palotai died in Budapest on 3 February 2018 of a stroke at the age of 82.


Miguel León-Portilla

Miguel León-Portilla (February 22, 1926 – October 1, 2019) was a Mexican anthropologist and historian. He was the prime authority on Nahuatl thought and literature. He was thought to have helped revive the Nahuatl language through his books.

León-Portilla was important in bringing to light the works of Fr. Bernardino de Sahagún, a 16th-century primary source on the Aztec civilization and whose works have become one of the major references for cultural and historical information on Postclassic central Mexico.

On December 12, 2013, León-Portilla received the Living Legend Award from the U.S. Library of Congress.

He died on October 1, 2019 in Mexico City at the age of 93.

Hazar Khan Bijarani

Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani "(Urdu: میرہزار خان بجارانی‬‎)" (10 July 1946 – 1 February 2018) was a Pakistani politician. He served as a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh from June 2013 to February 2018 and before served from 1974 to 1977. He was also a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 1990 to 1993 and again from 1997 to 2013. He was born in Karampur, Kashmore District.<ref name="profile/pas"></ref>

Bijarani was found dead in his home in Karachi on 1 February 2018 along with his second wife Fariha Razzaq Haroon.<ref name="thenews/1feb2018"></ref><ref name="nation/1feb2018"></ref> Police say that Bijarani shot and killed his wife and committed suicide afterwards.<ref name="tribune/2feb2018"></ref>

Flag of Nicaragua

The flag of Nicaragua was created in 1971.

It has a horizontal bands of blue (top and bottom) and white, it is the coat of arms of Nicaragua centered on the white band.

Riquewihr

Riquewihr is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est of eastern France.

Riquewihr looks today more or less as it did in the 16th century.

Synthetic division

Synthetic division is a way to divide polynomials. It takes up less space than polynomial long division. It is mostly used to divide a polynomial by a binomial that looks like this:
but it can be divided by any polynomial with one variable.

Synthetic division can be used to make calculations without writing variables. It also uses a small number of calculations, and takes less room on paper than long division. The subtractions in long division are changed to additions by changing the signs at the very beginning, which keeps sign errors from happening.

Synthetic division for linear denominators is also called division in Ruffini's rule.

The first example is synthetic division with a denominator formula_2 that only has one variable.
The coefficients of the polynomial to divide are put at the top (the zero is for the unseen formula_4).
Make the coefficients of the denominator their opposite.
Put every coefficient of the divisor except the first one on the left.
Put the first number after the bar, 1, at the bottom.
Multiply the dropped number by the number before the bar, and put it under the next coefficient, 12.
Add the numbers in the second column (which equals -9 in this example).
Do the last two steps again to get this:
Count the terms to the left of the bar. Since there is only one, the remainder has degree zero, which means it is a constant that is more than zero. Put an up and down line next to the last number, -123.
The terms are written with a rising degree from right to left. It begins with degree zero for both the remainder and the result.
The last part of the division is:

Elizabeth Schuyler Hamilton

Elizabeth Hamilton (née Schuyler ; August 9, 1757 – November 9, 1854), also called Eliza or Betsey, was a socialite and philanthropist. She was from the wealthy and slave owning Van Rensselaer and Schuyler families. She was married to American founding father Alexander Hamilton. 

She was a defender of his works, a mother, and co-founder and deputy director of Graham Windham, the first private orphanage in New York City. 

Hukum Singh

Hukum Singh (5 April 1938 – 3 February 2018) was an Indian politician. He served as the Member of Parliament from Kairana in Uttar Pradesh. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was a member of the Panel of Chairpersons of the 16th Lok Sabha, and the Chairperson of the Standing Committee on Water Resources. He was born in Kairana, Uttar Pradesh.

Singh died of respiratory arrest in Noida, Uttar Pradesh on 3 February 2018 at the age of 79.

Rolf Zacher

Rolf Zacher (28 March 1941 – 3 February 2018) was a German actor. He appeared in more than 160 movies and television shows from 1961 until his retirement in 2017. He starred in the 1971 movie "Jaider, der einsame Jäger". It was entered into the 21st Berlin International Film Festival. He was born in Berlin. Zacher starred in the lead role as Angelo in the 1984 television series "Angelo und Luzy".

Zacher died at a nursing home in Hamburg, Germany on 3 February 2018 of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at the age of 76.

William Joseph Bauer

William Joseph Bauer (born September 15, 1926) is an American judge. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He is the Senior Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit since October 31, 1994. He served as Chief Judge of the court from 1986 through 1993. He was nominated to serve by President Gerald Ford. 


Everett McKinley Dirksen United States Courthouse

The Everett McKinley Dirksen United States Courthouse, commonly referred to as the Dirksen Federal Building, is a skyscraper in downtown Chicago, Illinois. It was designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and completed in 1964. The building is 384 feet (117 m) tall, with 30 floors. It was named for U.S. Congressman and Senator Everett Dirksen. 

The building houses the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, the United States Bankruptcy Court, the United States Marshal for the Northern District of Illinois, United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, and local offices for various court-related federal agencies, such as the Federal Public Defender, United States Probation Service and United States Trustee. 


Diane Wood

Diane Pamela Wood (born July 4, 1950) is an American judge. She is the Chief United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. She is also a senior lecturer at the University of Chicago Law School.

Wood then clerked for Judge Irving Goldberg of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit from 1975 to 1976 and for Associate Justice Harry Blackmun of the United States Supreme Court from 1976 to 1977. She was among the first women to clerk at the Supreme Court.

In 2010, she was on the short list of potential nominees to take retiring Justice John Paul Stevens's seat, but that nomination instead went to United States Solicitor General Elena Kagan.


United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit

The United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit (in case citations, 7th Cir.) is a federal court with appellate jurisdiction over the courts in the following districts:

The court is based at the Dirksen Federal Building in Chicago, Illinois. It is one of thirteen United States courts of appeals. It is made-up of eleven appellate judges.


Samsung Galaxy S7

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is a smartphone created by Samsung Electronics. It runs the Android software.
The phone was officially revealed on 21 February 2016, during a Samsung press conference at Mobile World Congress, with a European and North American release on 11 March 2016.

The device has an improved camera and is protected against ingress of water. The amount of internal storage can be increased using memory cards known as "MicroSD cards". This was also the case on the Samsung Galaxy S5, but not on the Samsung Galaxy S6.


Samsung Galaxy S8

The Samsung Galaxy S8, Samsung Galaxy S8+ (shortened to S8 and S8+, respectively) and Samsung Galaxy S8 Active are Android smartphones produced by Samsung Electronics as part of the Samsung Galaxy S series. The S8 and S8+ were unveiled on 29 March 2017 and directly succeed the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, with a North American release on 21 April 2017 and international rollout throughout April and May. The S8 Active was announced on 8 August 2017, and is exclusive to certain U.S. cellular carriers.

The sales saw 720,000 units sold in one week, an increase from 100,000 units of the Galaxy S7 and 200,000 units of the Note 7.


Robert J. Shiller

Robert James Shiller (born March 29, 1946) is an American Nobel Laureate, economist, academic, and best-selling author. He serves as a Sterling Professor of Economics at Yale University and is a fellow at the Yale School of Management's International Center for Finance.

Shiller was born in Detroit, Michigan. He studied at Kalamazoo College and the University of Michigan where he received his B.A. degree in 1967. He received the S.M. degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1968, and his Ph.D. from MIT in 1972.

Shiller has been a researcher of the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) since 1980, was vice president of the American Economic Association in 2005, and president of the Eastern Economic Association for 2006–2007.

Eugene Fama, Lars Peter Hansen and Shiller received the 2013 Nobel Prize in Economics.


Greektown, Chicago

Greektown is a dining and nightlife district on the Near West Side in Chicago, Illinois. It is one of many neighborhoods that make up the Near West Side community area. It is popular with tourists and Chicago residents alike.

Greektown's bars and restaurants lie roughly between Van Buren and Madison Streets, along Halsted Street, west of the Loop.

The Chicago Transit Authority's Blue Line to the UIC-Halsted station can travel to Greektown.


Aligarh

Aligarh is a city in Uttar Pradesh, India. It is the headquarters of the Aligarh district of Uttar Pradesh state. This city is famous for lock industries and Aligarh Muslim University. Aligarh is one of the largest cities of the state. It is also the 55th largest city of the nation.

The Battle of Aligarh was fought on 1 September 1803 during the Second Anglo-Maratha War (1803–1805) at Aligarh Fort. Aligarh district is divided into five tehsils, namely Kol Tehsil, Khair Tehsil, Atrauli, Gabhana and Iglas. These tehsils are further divided into 12 blocks.2011 census showed the Aligarh urban area with a population of .

Mainpuri district

Mainpuri district is one of the districts in Agra division of Uttar Pradesh state of India. Mainpuri town is the district headquarters. It consists of six tehsils, namely Mainpuri, Bhongaon, Karhal, Kishni, Kurawali and Ghiror.
According to the 2011 census Mainpuri district has a population of 1,847,194.This gives it a ranking of 255th in India (out of a total of 640). In Mainpuri district, 35% of the 12.3 lakh voters are Yadavs. The other dominant castes are the Shakya, Rajputs, Bhrahmins, SCs and Muslims. 

Aligarh district

Aligarh district is a district in the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The district belongs to Aligarh Division, Uttar Pradesh.
According to the 2011 census Aligarh district has a population of 36,73,849,This gives it a ranking of 76th in India (out of a total of 640).

Duty

Duty is a term that conveys a sense of moral commitment or obligation to someone or something. The moral commitment usually results in action and is not a matter of passive feeling or mere recognition. When someone recognizes a duty, that person theoretically commits himself to its fulfillment without considering their own self-interest. This is not to suggest that living a life of duty entirely precludes a life of leisure; however, its fulfillment generally involves some sacrifice of immediate self-interest. Typically, "the demands of justice, honor, and reputation are deeply bound up" with duty.

Cicero discusses the concept of duty in his work “On Duty". There, he suggests that duties can come from four different sources:

Other uses of the word have sprung from the root idea of obligation, a concept involved in the notion of duty. For example, the concept is used to describe the services performed by a minister of a church, by a soldier, or by any employee or servant.

Many schools of thought have debated the idea of duty. Many assert mankind's duty on their own terms, but some philosophers have absolutely rejected a sense of duty.

Duty has to be accepted and understood on the basis of one's foundation of sense and knowledge. Therefore, duty and its manifestations vary with values from culture to culture. On one hand duty may be seen as terms of reference, job description, or behavior - and it is all of that ... but duty is not only about doing things right, it is about doing the right thing.


Bonaire national football team

Bonaire national football team is the national football team of Bonaire.

Vatican City national football team

Vatican City national football team is the national football team of Vatican City.

Mesocco

Mesocco is a municipality in Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

This municipality is the farthest north in the Misox valley. It is one of the largest in the canton. The secondary school for the area, the local district courts, and many government offices are in Mesocco. It consists of the village of Mesocco with eleven sections, including the mountain village of San Bernardino.


Soazza

Soazza is a municipality of the district Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Automobile Dacia

Automobile Dacia S.A. is a Romanian car company. The company was founded in 1966, and has been a subsidiary of the French car manufacturer Renault since 1999. It is Romania's top company by revenue and the largest exporter, constituting 7.3% of the country's total exports in 2014. The Dacia manufacturing plant in Mioveni, Argeș County is Europe's fifth biggest car manufacturing facility by volume producing 584,219 units (cars and CKD kits) delivered in 2016 and 550,912 units in 2015.

Roderen

Roderen is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.



Flag of Honduras

The flag of Honduras was created in 1866.

It has a horizontal bands of blue (top and bottom) and white, with five blue five-pointed stars arranged in an "X" pattern centered on the white band.

Flag of Syria

The flag of Syria has a horizontal tricolour of red, white, and black; charged with two green star at the centre.

The flag of Syria was used between 1958 and 1961, and readopted in 1980.

Ramzan Chhipa

Muhammad Ramzan Chhipa, is a humanitarian and a social worker from Karachi, Pakistan. He is the founder of Chhipa Welfare Association.

Subho Drishti

Subho Drishti is a popular Bengali television soap opera. It premiered on 1 January 2018. It airs on Colors Bangla. It stars Gourab Roy Chowdhury and Aishwarya Sen in lead roles and Bidipta Chakraborty and Sukanya Goswami in a negative role. The show is produced by Magic Moments Motion Pictures.

It is a bittersweet tale of two pairs of siblings – Abir-Drishti and Subho-Antara, the show encapsulates their intertwined destinies as Drishti and Subho cross paths time and again leading to series of explosive coincidences and happenstances.




Resham Jhapi

Resham Jhapi is a popular Indian Bengali Television series which airs on Colors Bangla. It stars Prayusha Paul and Subhankar Saha in lead roles and June Maliah in a negative role.

Star Bharat

Star Bharat () is a Hindi language Indian television channel. It is a part of Star India which is fully owned by 21st Century Fox. 




Maaz ibn Jabal

Muaz ibn Jabal () (603 – 639) was one of the companions of the Prophet Muhammad. He belonged to the tribe of Banu Khazraj. He accepted Islam before the Second pledge at al-Aqabah. He was known as the one with a lot of knowledge. He was called by Prophet Muhammad, "the one who will lead the scholars into Paradise". Prophet Muhammad sent Muaz to Yemen to teach its people about Islam. He also helped in collecting the Quran in written form.

Navaid Aziz

Shaykh Navaid Aziz is an Islamic scholar and marriage counsellor based in Calgary, Canada, who is better known for saving Muslim men from radicalization.

In 2012, Aziz started working as an Imam at the "Islamic Information Society of Calgary".

Aziz strongly opposes radicalization and terrorism. According to Calgary Herald, "Navaid Aziz says the experience with local radicals was a traumatic experience for his Mosque community. Extremism wasn’t a reality until this happened". Also, CBC News reported that Aziz briefly knew Farah Mohamed Shirdon, a jihadi who left Calgary to join The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).

Navaid Aziz organized several TV programs which raised money for charity work. In 2017, Aziz launched a campaign called "Feed Our World" to deliver food packages for the people in need.

Hadejia River

The Hadejia River (known as "kogin Haɗeja" in Hausa language) is a river in northern Nigeria and is a part of the Yobe River (Komadugu Yobe). 
The river flows through Hadejia and Nguru. 
Water from the river has been held back in a process called damming for the purposes of irrigation. This has reduced the amount of water in the Hadejia-Nguru wetlands, which the river forms along with Nguru Lake. 
The Hadejia river is now 80% controlled by the Tiga and Challawa Gorge dams in Kano State.


Ogun River

The Ogun River is a waterway in Nigeria that discharges into the Lagos Lagoon.

The river starts in Oyo State near Shaki and flows through Ogun State into Lagos State.
The river is crossed by the Ikere Gorge Dam in the Iseyin local government area of Oyo State.
The river passes through the Old Oyo National Park, providing recreational facilities for tourists.
In rural and local areas where the river flows through, the river is used for bathing, washing and drinking. It is also used as a drain for mostly organic wastes from abattoirs located along the river's course.

Lagos Lagoon

Lagos Lagoon is a lagoon in Nigeria. It is named after the city of Lagos, Nigeria. The city is on the southwestern side of the lagoon.

The lagoon is more than long. It is wide. It is separated from the Atlantic Ocean by a long sand spit wide. The sand spit has swampy margins on the lagoon side. The lagoon's surface area is about . It is fairly shallow. Ocean-going ships don't go through it. Smaller barges and boats do.

Anupriya Kapoor

Anupriya Kapoor is an Indian television Actress from Delhi. She known for her role as Taani Bannerjee in Tere Liye.

The Boring Company

The Boring Company is a tunnel boring company founded by Elon Musk, who earlier started SpaceX. It aims to reduce traffic congestion in urban areas. It is involved in the building of the Hyperloop in Los Angeles.

Elon Musk complained via Twitter about Los Angeles traffic and the same day, December 17, 2016, founded the company. It built a short test tunnel in Los Angeles.

To raise money for the expensive project, Elon Musk started selling promotional merchandise - first caps and then flamethrowers (branded as 'Not a flamethrower' to stop customs) and then fire extinguishers to go with them. The company website is written in a lighthearted tone, for example describing the fire extinguishers as 'overpriced'.

Flag of Jamaica

The flag of Jamaica was created in 1962 in anticipation of its independence day in August 6. It was agreed by the deciding committee that the flag should include the colours black, yellow, and green. It is currently the only country flag without red, white or blue.

It has a gold diagonal cross divides the field into four triangles of green (top and bottom) and black (hoist-side and fly-side).

Flag of Guatemala

The flag of Guatemala was created in 1871.

It has a vertical band of light blue (hoist-side and fly-side) and white, with the national emblem centered on the white band.

Munich RE

Munich Re Group or Munich Reinsurance Company () is a reinsurance company based in Munich, Germany.

The co-founder and Europe CEO is Mark Dennis.

In 2021, the company had EUR 589 million of profit. In 2024 it was the world’s biggest reinsurer by premium revenue.


My Hero Academia

My Hero Academia is a comedy adventure manga series written and illustrated by Kōhei Horikoshi. It has been serialized in "Weekly Shōnen Jump" since July 2014, and 37 volumes have been collected in "tankōbon" form.

The story follows Izuku Midoriya, a boy born without superpowers in a world where most people have them, but he still dreams of becoming a superhero himself. He meets the world's greatest hero, who shares his powers with Izuku after seeing his bravery and value and enrolls him in a high school for heroes in training. The manga was adapted into an anime series; the first season was from April 3 to June 26, 2016. The second season was from April 1 to September 30, 2017. The third season was from April 7 to September 29, 2018. The fourth season is set to start on October 12, 2019. A movie also came out in 2018 with another one in 2019.

In a world where people with superpowers known as "Quirks" are the standard, Izuku Midoriya is a regular middle school student who has dreams of one day becoming a Hero but is bullied by his classmates for not having a Quirk. After being the only one to try and save his childhood bully Katsuki Bakugo from a villain, the world's greatest Hero All Might gives him his own quirk called "One For All". The story follows Izuku's entrance into U.A. High School, a school that trains the next generation of Super Heroes.



All For One is the primary villain of "My Hero Academia" and the leader of the League of Villains, along with Tomura Shigaraki.

Originally Japan's most powerful villain and All Might's nemesis, he was defeated by All Might. His true motives are unclear and his true identity unknown, and his current goal is to raise Shigaraki to become his eventual successor, but was once again defeated by All Might in a rematch, which lead to the retirement of All Might.

On October 29, 2015, the series' official Twitter announced that "My Hero Academia" would receive an anime adaptation produced by Studio Bones. A third season was announced in the 44th issue of "Weekly Shōnen Jump" magazine of 2017. A video game based on the anime, "My Hero Academia: Battle for All", was announced in November 2015. The game was made by Dimps and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment for the Nintendo 3DS handheld game console, where it released in Japan on May 19, 2016. A second video game for PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One and Microsoft Windows would be released in 2018, titled "My Hero Academia: One's Justice". An anime film was announced in December 2017, and will feature an original story.

Chen Dixiu

Chen Dixiu (October 8, 1879 – May 27, 1942) was a Chinese revolutionary from Anhui. He was the founder of the Communist Party of China. In 1902 he studied in Japan and later became the first General Secretary of the Party from 1921 to 1927.

Kim Yong-il

Kim Yong-il (born 2 May 1944) was the Premier of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea from April 2007 to 7 June 2010. Kim Yong-il was elected Premier of the state at the fifth session of the Workers' Party of Korea National Congress in April 2007 replacing Pak Pong-ju. On June 7 2010 Choe Yong-rim was elected by the National Assembly as his successor.

Omar Aggad

Omar A. Aggad (20 April 1927 – 1 February 2018) was a Saudi-born Palestinian businessman. He was the founder of Aggad Investment Company (AICO), and the founder and former chairman of Arab Palestinian Investment Company (APIC).

Aggad died on 1 February 2018 in Toronto at the age of 90.

Workers' Party of Korea

Workers' Party of Korea is the only ruling party in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea). The party has ruled in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea since its inception in 1949.

The Workers' Party of Korea was established on June 30, 1949 by Kim Il-sung as its leader. The Communist Party of Korea was established on April 25, 1925, based in Seoul. The first secretary of the Communist Party of Korea was Kim Yong-bom. On 30 June 1949, the Workers' Party of Korea was formed based on the merger between the Communist Party of Korea and the new Democratic Party of Korea.

Joseph Polchinski

Joseph Polchinski (May 16, 1954 – February 2, 2018) was an American theoretical physicist and string theorist. He was born in White Plains, New York. Polchinski wrote the two-volume textbook "String Theory", published in 1998. Among his many contributions to theoretical physics, D-branes are the best known. In 2008 he won the Dirac Medal for his work in superstring theory. He won the 2017 Fundamental Physics Prize.

Polchinski died on February 2, 2018 in Santa Barbara, California at the age of 63.

Michael Harner

Michael James Harner (April 27, 1929 – February 3, 2018) was an American anthropologist, educator and author. He founded the Foundation for Shamanic Studies and the New Age practice of "Core Shamanism". His 1980 book, "The Way of the Shaman: A Guide to Power and Healing," was important in the development of "Core Shamanism" as a path of personal development for new age adherents of neoshamanism. He was born in Washington, D.C..

Harner died on February 3, 2018 at the age of 88.


Dirk Bernard Joseph Schouten

Dirk Bernard Joseph (Dick) Schouten (25 January 1923 – 3 February 2018) was a Dutch economist. He served as Professor of General Economics and Economic History at Tilburg University. He was known for his work in macroeconomic modelling.

Schouten was elected a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1975.

Schouten died on 3 February 2018 in The Hague at the age of 95.

Margot Duhalde

Margot Duhalde (12 December 1920 – 5 February 2018) was a Chilean pilot. She served with the Air Transport Auxiliary of the Royal Air Force in World War II.

After the war, she flew war planes for the French Air Force. She was France's first female combat pilot. In 1947 she returned to Chile, however the national airline LAN did not hire women as pilots at that time. Instead, she took a job as a private pilot for a businessman until 1949. Later she opened her own flying school and worked as a flight instructor and as an air traffic controller in the air force.

In 1946 Duhalde was made a Knight of the Legion of Honor.

Alan Baker (mathematician)

Alan Baker, FRS (19 August 1939 – 4 February 2018) was an English mathematician. He was known for his work on effective methods in number theory, in particular ideas from transcendental number theory. He was born in London. He worked at the University of Cambridge. In 1970, Baker won the Fields Medal.

In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

Wojciech Pokora

Wojciech Pokora (2 October 1934 – 4 February 2018) was a Polish actor. He has made over 40 appearances in movie and television. He starred in the 1986-1987 television series "Zmiennicy" and "Czterdziestolatek" 1970-1974. He was born in Warsaw. He also appeared in "Man – Woman Wanted" and "A Jungle Book of Regulations".

Pokora died on 4 February 2018 in Warsaw of complications from a stroke at the age of 83.

Séamus Pattison

Séamus Patrick Pattison (19 April 1936 – 4 February 2018) was an Irish Labour Party politician. He was born Kilkenny, Ireland.

Pattison served as Leas-Cheann Comhairle of Dáil Éireann from 2002 to 2007, Ceann Comhairle of Dáil Éireann from 1997 to 2002, Minister of State for Social Welfare from 1983 to 1987 and Father of the Dáil from 1995 to 2007. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Carlow–Kilkenny constituency from 1961 to 2007. 

Pattison was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Leinster constituency 1981 to 1983.

Pattison died on 4 February 2018 from Parkinson's disease at his home in Kilkenny at the age of 81.


Edwin Jackson (American football)

Edwin Joseph Jackson (December 19, 1991 – February 4, 2018) was an American football linebacker. He was born in Atlanta, Georgia. He played college football at Georgia Southern University. He signed with the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL) as an undrafted free agent in 2015. He then spent two seasons with the Indianapolis Colts from 2015 to 2017.

On September 2, 2017, Jackson was placed on injured reserve.

On February 4, 2018, Jackson was riding an Uber in Indianapolis, Indiana and asked the driver to pull over because he felt ill. While standing near the interstate, a drunk driver hit and killed Jackson and the Uber driver. Jackson was 26 years old.

Abigail Kinoiki Kekaulike Kawānanakoa

Abigail Kinoiki Kekaulike Kawānanakoa (April 23, 1926 – 11 December 2022) called Kekau, was a member of the House of Kawānanakoa. She was born in Honolulu. She was called a princess, a common honorary bestowed to descendants of titled subjects of the Kingdom of Hawaii, although she held no official title and had no power or influence in the Hawaiian state government.

On October 1, 2017, Kawānanakoa married her partner of 21 years, Veronica Gail Worth, in Honolulu.

In 2013 Kawānanakoa asked to be buried in a new crypt at the Royal Mausoleum of Hawaii at Mauna ʻAla next to the Wylie Tomb. The request was approved by the State Land Board in April 26, 2013, but the decision has become controversial in the Hawaiian community.

Chaghcharan District

Chaghcharan also Firouzkoh is one of the districts of Ghor Province in central Afghanistan.


Shalimar, Lahore

Shalimar () is an administrative town (tehsil) in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It is one of the oldest neighborhoods in Lahore, located along the Grand Trunk Road. The town is named after the Shalimar Gardens, built by Emperor Shah Jahan in 1640.

Imam Bukhari

Muhammad ibn Ismail al-Bukhari (

Ali ibn Husayn

Ali ibn Husayn, also known as Zayn al-Abidin and Imam as-Sajjad was the fourth imam in Shia, Islam. He was the son of Husayn ibn Ali and the grandson of Ali ibn Abi Talib. He survived the Battle of Karbala and was taken to the caliph in Damascus. Eventually, he was allowed to return to Medina. His life was devoted to spiritual and religious teachings, mostly in the form of prayers and supplications. His famous supplications are known as "As-Sahifa as-Sajjadiyya".

Etah district

Etah district is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India. Etah town is the district headquarters. Etah district is a part of Aligarh Division.

In 2006, the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named Etah one of the country's 250 most backward districts (total of 640). It is receiving funds from the Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF). It is one of the 34 districts in Uttar Pradesh currently receiving this funds.
Etah district has a population of 1,761,143. This district according to ranking comes 272nd in India by population (out of a total of 640).

Etah

Etah is a municipality in Uttar Pradesh, India. It is also the district headquarters of Etah district of Uttar Pradesh state, India. The main occupation of the people of the district is agriculture. It is situated between Ganga and Yamuna. This region has highly fertile alluvial soil.

Etah had a population of 131,023 according to 2011 Census. Out of this, males were 69,446 and females were 61,577. The literacy rate was 85.62 per cent. Category


Lauri Love

Lauri Love (; born 14 December 1984, United Kingdom) is a Finnish-British activist charged with stealing data from United States Government computers including the US Army, Missile Defense Agency, and NASA via computer intrusion.

Love is under indictment in the United States (2013 in District of New Jersey, 2014 in Southern District of New York and Eastern District of Virginia). The United States attempted to extradite him to face charges there.

During Love's two day extradition hearing on 28 and 29 June 2016 at the Westminster Magistrates' Court in London, his father, Reverend Alexander Love, testified that Lauri Love has Asperger's syndrome and so should not be extradited. Also at the hearing, Simon Baron-Cohen, a psychologist, testified that Love should not be extradited because of his diagnosed disorders, which also include eczema, psychosis, and depression.

On 16 September 2016, at Westminster Magistrates' Court a judge ruled that Love could be extradited to the United States. Love's solicitor Karen Todner said that they would appeal, and on 5 February 2018, Lord Chief Justice Lord Burnett and Mr Justice Ouseley, at the High Court, upheld his appeal against extradition, while ruling that it would "not be oppressive [to] prosecute Mr Love in England for the offences".

Balloonfest '86

Balloonfest '86 was a 1986 event in Cleveland, Ohio. Almost one and a half million balloons were released into the sky. It was meant to raise money for United Way. The balloons flew over Lake Erie and areas near there. They caused problems for traffic, an airport, and the United States Coast Guard. Two boaters were found dead from drowning. The city faced lawsuits of millions of dollars in damage.

Sahih al-Bukhari

Sahih al-Bukhari (), also known as Bukhari Sharif (), is one of the Kutub al-Sittah (six major hadith collections) of Sunni Islam. These hadith, were collected by the Muslim scholar Muhammad al-Bukhari. Among Sunni Muslims, it is considered the most authentic book after the Quran. Sahih al-Bukhari together with Sahih Muslim is known as "Sahihayn".

Imam Bukhari, from the age of 16 traveled a lot of places to collect hadith reports. It is reported that he collected nearly 600,000 ahadith in his collection. Experts say that the number of full-isnad sayings mount up to roughly 7,397, and without considering repetitions of the same report, the number of hadith sayings reduces to roughly 2,602.

The Hateful Eight

The Hateful Eight is a 2015 American western thriller movie written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. It is about eight violent people who, during a blizzard, meet in a inn and learn they may have reasons to fight each other.

Bounty hunters Marquis Warren and John Ruth agree to travel together. Ruth has a prisoner, Daisy Domergue, who will die when he turns her in. Along the way, they agree to let former Confederate Chris Mannix travel with them, but they do not believe his story that he is the new sheriff. During a blizzard, they stop at an inn. There, they find several more people, including Confederate General Sandy Smithers, cowboy Joe Gage, and executioner Oswaldo Mobray. Bob, a worker, says the inn's owner is traveling. Warren and Ruth do not trust anyone and take all their guns. Warren, who fought for the Union Army, kills Smithers after saying that he also killed Smithers' son. Gage secretly poisons Ruth and his friend, O.B. Jackson. As Ruth dies, Domergue shoots and kills him with his own gun. Bob, Gage, and Mobray admit that they are part of Domergue's gang. Warren and Mannix agree to help each other, and they kill everyone but Domergue. Jody, Domergue's brother, comes out of hiding and seriously injures Warren. After Jody dies, Domergue says she will let Mannix go if he kills Warren. Mannix considers her offer but rejects it. Mannix and Warren kill her but they both die from blood loss.


On Rotten Tomatoes, 75% of the 296 reviews are positive.

Bounty hunter

A bounty hunter is someone who catches individuals for money. They often appear in movies. One example is "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly". Modern bounty hunting has been criticized for not having enough laws to control it in the United States.

Geri and Freki

In Norse mythology, Geri and Freki (Old Norse: "the ravenous" and "greedy one") are two wolves who are said to accompany the god Odin. The two are most often seen at Odin's side when he is in Valhalla, feasting with the warriors who dwell in its numerous halls. They are said to devour those who would present false information to or otherwise lie to Odin.

Martin Grüner

Martin Grüner (19 July 1929 – 4 February 2018) was a German politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party (FDP). He was born in Schramberg, Germany. He was Parliamentary Secretary at the Economics Ministry from 1972 to 1987 and then Parliamentary Secretary at the Environment Ministry until 1991.

Grüner died on 4 February 2018 at the age of 88.

Jao Tsung-I

Jao Tsung-I or Rao Zongyi (; 9 August 1917 – 6 February 2018) was a Hong Kong-based Chinese sinologist, calligrapher and painter. 

Jao helped create many fields of humanities, including history, archaeology, epigraphy, folklores, religion, art history, musicology, literature, and Near Eastern Studies. He published more than 100 books and about 1,000 academic articles over a career spanning more than 80 years.

Jao died on 6 February 2018, at the age of 100 in Hong Kong.


Joe Knollenberg

Joseph Kastl Knollenberg (November 28, 1933 – February 6, 2018) was an American politician. From 1993 to 2009, he was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives, representing and .

Knollenberg was known as a supporter of the North American Free Trade Agreement, President George W. Bush's support on protecting manufactured goods and for voting against expanding S-CHIP in the later years of his career.

He lost to Gary Peters in the 2008 election by winning 43% of the vote to Peters' 52%.

Knollenberg died on February 6, 2018 due to complications from Alzheimer's disease at a care facility in Troy, Michigan at the age of 84.


Madavoor Vasudevan Nair

Madavoor Vasudevan Nair (7 April 1929 – 6 February 2018) was a veteran Indian Kathakali dancer. He was awarded the Padma Bhushan by the Government of India. He also taught the Kaplingadan style of Kathakali performance and was one of the last practitioners of the south Kerala style (Kaplingadan) school of the classical dance-drama. He died on 6 February 2018, aged 88.

Nair died of multiple organ failure on 6 February 2018 in New Delhi, India at the age of 88.

Cengage Learning

Cengage Learning, or Cengage, is a publisher. It makes and sells textbooks and other educational content. It is also a technology and services company. Their customers are in higher education, K-12, companies, and libraries around the world. Cengage has business in more than 20 countries.

The company headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts.About 5,000 people work at Cengage in 20 countries. The headquarters was in Stamford, Connecticut until April 2014.

Cengage sells print and digital textbooks. It also sells additional materials to teachers to help them use those textbooks. Online products include reference databases and distance learning courses. Cengage also sells test preparation materials, corporate training courses, career assessment tools, materials for specific academic disciplines, and custom solutions.

On December 5, 2017, Cengage announced Cengage Unlimited. This plan is asks students to pay a subscription to use any of their digital higher education books. Students can pay by semester or year.

Cengage Learning used to be called Thomson Learning. The Thomson Corporation sold it to a private equity group including Apax Partners and OMERS Capital Partners for US $7.75 billion, and the name was changed to Cengage Learning on 24 July 2007. In 2011, Cengage Learning bought the National Geographic Society's school publishing business. It combined this school business with the Global ELT business to make the National Geographic Learning brand.

Cengage Learning filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 on July 2, 2013. Cengage Learning left bankruptcy on April 1, 2014.

Cengage has grown by buying other publishing companies. These are some fo the important ones:
The company also publishes books with other names: 4LTR Press, Aplia, Cengage Learning PTR, Chilton, Education To Go, Gale, Milady, MindTap, and National Geographic Learning.



Sahih Muslim

Sahih Muslim () is one of the Kutub al-Sittah (six major hadith collections) in Sunni Islam. It is of high importance among Sunni muslims and considered the second most authentic hadith collection after Sahih al-Bukhari. It was collected by Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj (815-875), also known as Imam Muslim. Sahih Muslim, together with Sahih al-Bukhari is termed as "Sahihayn".

Imam Muslim collected almost 300,000 hadith. Out of these, 4000 were included in the collection. According to Munthiri, there are a total of 2,200 hadiths (without repetition) in Sahih Muslim. According to Muhammad Amin, there are 1,400 authentic hadiths that are reported in other books, mainly the six major hadith collections.

Nezapir

Nezapir (Urdu: نیزا پیر) is a village area located in the Haveli District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan. It has a population of about 112,000. Neza pir sector is located near the Line of Control, and has been an area of tension between the two neighboring countries, Pakistan and India.

Al-Baqir

Muhammad ibn Ali (), also known as al-Baqir ("the one who opens knowledge") (677-733) was the fifth Shia imam. He was the son of Ali ibn Husayn or Zayn al-Abidin and the first imam who descended from both grandsons of Muhammad, Hasan ibn Ali and Husayn ibn Ali. He is highly respected by both Sunni and Shia Muslims for his leadership, knowledge and Islamic scholarship as a jurist in Medina. After the death of Ali ibn Husayn (the fourth Imam), most of the Shiites agreed upon his son al-Baqir as the next imam; some of them said that, another son of the imam Zayd ibn Ali should be the next imam, and became to be known as Zaidiyyah.

Tamil Nadu Premier League

Tamil Nadu Premier League is a professional cricket league played in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. The league was formed by the Tamil Nadu Cricket Council. This league was formed in the year 2016.

Source:

Solo: A Star Wars Story

Solo: A Star Wars Story is a "Star Wars" anthology film, exploring the adventures of young Han Solo (portrayed by Alden Ehrenreich) and Chewbacca.

Han Solo and Qi'ra learn how to collect coaxium.


Majursahi

Majursahi (ମଜୁରସାହି) is a village of Koksara Block in Dharmagarh sub-division in Kalahandi District in Odisha State. This village comes under Phupagaon panchayat of Kokasara Tehsil in Kalahandi District. . Majursahi is 6.5 km distance from Koksara and 60 km distance from its district main city Bhawanipatna and 333 km distance from the State's main city Bhubaneswar.
According to census 2001, total population of Majursahi was 1,000. 














Flag of Indonesia

The Flag of Indonesia is a bicolour flag with two equal horizontal bands of red (top) and white (bottom) with an overall ratio of 2:3.

The flag of Indonesia is graphically identical to the Flag of Monaco, with a slight difference only in the ratio of its dimensions.

The flag is described in Article 35, Chapter XV, of the Constitution of Indonesia; Government Regulation No. 24/2009; and Government Regulation No. 40/1958.
The raising of the flag should be conducted in the time between sunrise until sunset, but in certain circumstances, it can be done at night. In daily use, the flag should be flown at every commemoration such as the Indonesian Independence Day on 17 August every year, by the citizens who have a right to use it at house, building or office, schools, colleges, public and private transport and the representative office of Indonesia in overseas. The flag can be flown in maritime-based activity as well.

It can be used as the cover of the coffin of a President or former Presidents, Vice President or former Vice Presidents, Members of Cabinet, Speaker of People's Representative Council, and Head of Government, members of the Indonesian Armed Forces, and persons who are members of the Indonesian National Police who died in service, or an Indonesian citizen who made contributions to their nation as a badge of honor.

Madonna of Bruges

The Madonna of Bruges is a significant marble sculpture by Michelangelo. It was created during 1503-1505. It is a sculpture of Mary with the Child Jesus.

Mickey Jones

Mickey Jones (June 10, 1941 – February 7, 2018) was an American drummer and actor. He was born in Houston, Texas. His career as a drummer had him backing up such artists and bands as Trini Lopez, Johnny Rivers, Bob Dylan, Kenny Rogers and The Band. He was known for his roles in "Home Improvement", "National Lampoon's Vacation", and "Tin Cup". 

Jones died on February 7, 2018 from problems caused by an illness. He was 76.


Liliana Bodoc

Liliana Bodoc (21 July 1958 – 6 February 2018) was an Argentinian writer of fantasy. She was born in Buenos Aires. She was known for her book "La Saga de los Confines". The first of these books was translated into English as "The Days of the Deer". Her work is very popular in Latin America and her style has been admired by Ursula K. Le Guin.

Bodoc died on 6 February 2018 at the age of 59.

Văn Tiến Dũng

Văn Tiến Dũng (2 May 1917 – 17 March 2002) was a Vietnamese revolutionary and a General in the People's Army of Vietnam. He was a Member of the Politburo, Chief of the General Staff of the Vietnam People's Army (1953-1978) Minister of Defense (1980-1986) Secretary of the Party Central Military Party (1984-1986). He is one of the famous generals of Vietnam. And the direct commander of the Ho Chi Minh Campaign in 1975.

Cung Le

Cung Lê or Lê Cung (born May 25, 1972) is a Vietnamese-born American actor and former kickboxer and Mixed Martial Arts professional. He invincible on the Sanshou Kickboxing arena with a 17-0 record, the International Kickboxing Federation Championship Light Heavyweight Championship before moving to Mixed Martial Arts. Cung Lê defeated Frank Shamrock and became the middleweight champion of Strikeforce before resigning to pursue a film career and joining the UFC, the world's largest free-spirited tournament.

Sea Peoples

The Sea Peoples are supposed to be a seafaring confederation that attacked ancient Egypt and other parts of the East Mediterranean. The time was before and during the Bronze Age collapse (1200–900 BC).

During the Bronze age collapse, archeological evidence shows the destructions of many cities on the coastlines of the Levant and the Aegean Sea. That may have been caused by invaders from the sea. The exact origins and cultures of the attackers are unknown and so historians call them the Sea Peoples.

Some sources say that they used iron weapons, which the Bronze Age cultures had not yet seen. The cities that they attacked allows one to infer that they were probably naval-based.

Adenstedt

Adenstedt is a village and a former municipality in the district of Hildesheim in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2016, it is part of the municipality Sibbesse.

Badenhausen

Badenhausen is a village and a former municipality in the district of Osterode, in Lower Saxony, Germany. On 1 March 2013, it became part of the municipality Bad Grund.

John Perry Barlow

John Perry Barlow (October 3, 1947 – February 7, 2018) was an American poet and essayist, a rcattle rancher, and a cyberlibertarian
political activist. He was born in Cora, Wyoming.

Barlow had been associated with both the Democratic and Republican parties. He was also a former lyricist for the Grateful Dead and a founding member of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and Freedom of the Press Foundation. He was Fellow Emeritus at Harvard University's Berkman Center for Internet and Society, where he had maintained an affiliation since 1998.

Barlow died at his home in San Francisco, California on February 7, 2018 of complications from a heart attack at the age of 70.


Dale Dye

Captain Dale Adam Dye USMC (Ret.) (born October 8, 1944) is an American actor, technical advisor, radio personality and writer. He is a Marine veteran of the Vietnam War.

Dye is the founder and head of Warriors, Inc., a technical advisory company which is set to help actors play realistic military action in Hollywood movies.

Dye has also offered his acting talent to television, such as the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers" and "The Pacific", and video games, including the "Medal of Honor" series.


John Ross (Cherokee chief)

John Ross (1790-1866) was the principal chief of the Cherokee Nation. He was associated with the Indian Removal Act and the Trail of Tears.

Optic tract

The optic tract is a part of the visual system in the brain. The tract starts from the optic chiasma, which receives the optic nerves from the eyes. 

There are two individual tracts, the left optic tract and the right optic tract. Each passes visual information only from "the other side of the visual field". 

Each tract develops from retinal fibers from each eye corresponding to one-half of the visual field.

Vaginal lubrication

Vaginal lubrication is wetness when a woman is sexually excited. This wetness is useful for when a woman wants to have sex. If she is not wet the sex may become painful for her. Vaginal lubrication is also good for stopping injuries or tearing of the inner vagina. If a woman doesn't have enough lubrication naturally, she can buy lubricant which is similar to natural lubricant.


Min Won-sik

Min Won-sik (July 12, 1886 – February 17, 1921) was a Korean politician.

He held pro-Japanese beliefs and was involved in political rights activism from 1910 to 1921. He supported the autonomy of Korea under Japanese rule. He aimed for Korean participation in the Japanese government administration.

In 1921, he was killed by Yang Keun-hwan, a Korean separative.


Israr Ahmad

Israr Ahmad (Urdu: اسرار احمد‬‎) was born on 26 April 1932, in Hisar, India.
He was a Pakistani Islamic scholar who was followed particularly in South Asia. He had contributed in Islamic law, Quranic explanation, literature, philosophy. He was awarded the sitara-i-imtiaz in 1982.

Ahmad died of a heart related problem on 14 April 2010 in Lahore.

Rishton Ka Chakravyuh

Rishton Ka Chakravyuh (English: Labyrinth of relationship) was an Indian television drama series that airs on Star Plus.The Show went Off Air on 23 January 2018 and it got replaced by a political show Har Shaakh Pe Ullu Baithaa Hai.

Pat Torpey

Pat Torpey (December 13, 1953 – February 7, 2018) was an American drummer. He was known as the drummer and backing vocalist of the hard rock band Mr. Big.

Torpey was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He died on February 7, 2018 of complications from Parkinson's disease at the age of 64.


Nabi Şensoy

Nabi Şensoy (May 25, 1945 – February 7, 2018) was a Turkish politician. He was born in Istanbul. He was the Ambassador of Turkey to the United States. 

Şensoy held that office beginning in January 2006. He was recalled to Turkey in October 2007 after the United States criticized Turkey for the Armenian Genocide in the Ottoman Empire. He returned to his position shortly afterwards. 

Şensoy resigned in December of 2009.

Şensoy died on February 7, 2018 in İzmir, Turkey at the age of 73.

Maithili cinema

It is developing. There is a lot of talent in this cinema industry, but everyone will have to push for its development properly. Some films have been made very well

The first Maithili movie was Kanyadan (released in 1965 & Directed by Phani Majumdar), of which a significant portion was made in the Maithili language.The film’s story in which the protagonist doesnot know Maithili language but decided to learn maithili as his wifeknows only Maithili language.Another maithili movie “Mamta Gaave Geet” was released in 70’s and became very popular due to the melodious songs and good storyline.But after that no serious effort was done to make a maithil melodrama.But then 3 films were made and got success on the box office like sasta jingi mahag senur, aau piya hamar nagri, senurak laaj etc.

After many years in 1999 a new maithili film “Sasta Jindagi Mehga Sindur” appeared in the scene.This film by director Balkrishna Jha broke all success records and was widely a big hit.This maithili film’s songs were played in many village fairs and other maithil gatherings.

Famous playback singer “Udit Narayan” also produced a Maithili film named “Eejot” (ray of light) but , despite the good songs the film fall flat on the box office due to a bad script . In 2007 November another maithili film “Sindurdan” was released the film was quickly widrawn from theatres due to some sound problem.The producer’s have re-released the film now with a correction and new songs added.

(based on Vidyapati's life)


Zakir Naik

Zakir Abdul Karim Naik (born 18 October 1965) is an Indian Islamic preacher, and the founder and president of the Islamic Research Foundation (IRF) and Chairperson of Peace TV Foundation. He is also the founder of the Peace TV channel. His lectures are very influential, especially among the Muslims in the subcontinent. He was awarded the King Faisal International Prize in 2015. He fled from India in 2016. Naik currently resides in Malaysia, where he has secured the permanent resident status.

Jafar ibn Muhammad

Jafar ibn Muhammad (; 702-765), also known as As-Sadiq ("The Truthful") was the sixth Shia imam. He was the grandson of Zayn al-Abidin and the descendent of Ali ibn Abi Talib on the side of his father and Abu Bakr on the side of his mother. He is highly respected among both the Sunnis and the Shias. He was a spiritual person, hadith teller and a jurist. 
<br>After the death of Jafar ibn Muhammad, division occurred among Shias on the question of next Imam. Some said that his eldest son, Ismail ibn Jaffar (who had died before his father) to be the next imam, while the majority of Shiites said that his third son Musa al Qazim should be the next imam. The first group became known as the Ismailis and the second, larger group was named Jafari or the Twelvers.

History of pizza

The history of pizza begins when different ancient cultures produced flatbread with toppings. Toppings are food added to pizza, like pepperoni, cheese or sausage. Foods similar to pizza have been made since the Neolithic Age. The food that came before pizza was probably focaccia (a flatbread to which toppings were added). The word "pizza" was first documented in AD 997 in Gaeta, Italy. The word came later in parts of Central and Southern Italy.

The innovation that led to flatbread pizza was the use of tomato as a topping. For some time after the tomato was brought to Europe from the Americas in the 16th century, it was believed by many Europeans to be poisonous.

Modern pizza was developed in Naples, Italy, when tomato was added to focaccia in the late 18th century. Pizza, though, was mainly eaten "in" the country of Italy.

By the late 18th century, it was common for the poor in and around Naples to add the tomato to their yeast-based flatbread. That's when pizza began.

Pizzas need to be baked at temperatures of 200250 °C. Not many household ovens could reach such temperatures before the late 1800s. Because of this, pizza was made at home, and then given to the town bakery to bake.

In June 1889, Raffaele Esposito, a chef from Naples, created the "Margherita" in honour of Queen Margherita. It was the first pizza to include cheese. Most pizzas include cheese as a topping.

Pizza first made its appearance to the United States in the 19th century when Italian immigrants came to the country. It was very popular with Italian people in New York City, Chicago, Philadelphia and St. Louis.

Allied troops in Italy came to enjoy pizza and other Italian foods during World War II.

The first printed reference to the word "pizza" in the U.S. was in 1904 in "The Boston Journal".

Ebony Reigns

Priscilla Opoku-Kwarteng (16 February 1997 – 8 February 2018), known by the stage name Ebony, was a Ghanaian dancehall/Afrobeats artist widely known for her hit songs "Poison" and "Kupe". She was discovered by Bullet, a member of Ruff n Smooth fame. She was born in Accra, Ghana.

In April 2017, Reigns was arrested for exposing her breast while wearing a mini-skirt at a passport office in Accra as she attempted to travel to Tokyo for her concert.

Reigns was killed in a car crash on 8 February 2018 while returning from Sunyani to Accra after a visit. She was one week shy from her 21st birthday.

Lovebug Starski

Kevin Smith (May 16, 1960 – February 8, 2018), best known by his stage name Lovebug Starski, was an American MC, musician, and record producer. He was born in The Bronx, New York.

Starski began his career as a record boy in 1971 as hip-hop. He eventually became a DJ at the Disco Fever club in 1978. He was one of two people who may have come up with the term "hip-hop".

Starski died of a heart attack in Las Vegas, Nevada on February 8, 2018 at the age of 57.


Nebojša Glogovac

Nebojša "Glogi" Glogovac (30 August 1969 – 9 February 2018) was a Serbian actor. He was born in Trebinje, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina. He was known for his roles in "Tomorrow Morning" (2006), "Klopka" (2007), "72 Days" (2010) and "The Constitution" (2016).

Glogovac died on 9 February 2018 in Belgrade, Serbia of brain cancer at the age of 48.


J. Bob Traxler

Jerome Bob Traxler (July 21, 1931 – October 30, 2019), was an American politician and lawyer. He was born in Monitor Township, Michigan. He served in the United States House of Representatives serving Michigan's 8th congressional district from 1974 through 1993. He was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Traxler died on October 30, 2019 in Saginaw, Michigan at the age of 88.


Ron de Lugo

Ron de Lugo (August 2, 1930 – July 14, 2020) was an American politician. He was the first Delegate from the United States Virgin Islands to the United States House of Representatives. De Lugo was elected as a Democratic Delegate to the United States House of Representatives, serving from January 3, 1973 to January 3, 1979.

De Lugo chose not to seek re-election to the U.S. House in 1978 in order to pursue a bid for Governor of the United States Virgin Islands. De Lugo challenged incumbent Democratic Governor Juan Francisco Luis in the 1978 gubernatorial election. He lost the election.

De Lugo died on July 14, 2020 in Florida at the age of 89.

Ilona Szilágyi

Ilona Szilágyi was the second wife of Vlad III the Impaler ("Țepeș"). She was a cousin of the Hungarian king, Mathias Corvinus. She had two sons with Vlad III. One of them was named Vlad. Another one died around 1482, and his name is unknown. Some historians strongly believe that they also had a daughter named Zaleska (Princess Zaleska).

She is one of the main characters in The Impaler’s Wife by Autumn Bardot.
Fiction Book Review: The Impaler’s Wife, Autumn Bardot, ISBN 978-0-9882092-4-4. KirkusReviews.com. Retrieved 5-28-2021

Craig MacGregor

Craig MacGregor (September 13, 1949 – February 9, 2018) was an American rock-blues musician. He was best known as the longtime bassist for Foghat, a rock band he joined in 1976. He was born in Des Moines, Iowa. He was raised in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania.

He left the band in 1982 and rejoined them on and off through their reformation in the mid-1980s up until the reformation of the band's original lineup in 1993. During this time he also performed and recorded with other musicians and bands including Randy and the Radiants, the Kneetremblers (which featured fellow Foghat members Roger Earl and Erik Cartwright) and Buck Dharma.

MacGregor died of complications from lung cancer on February 9, 2018 at the age of 68.


Tony Hale

Anthony Russell "Tony" Hale (born September 30, 1970) is an American actor and comedian. He was born in West Point, New York. Hale is known for his role in the FOX comedy series "Arrested Development" as the neurotic Buster Bluth. Since 2012, he has played Gary Walsh on the HBO comedy "Veep", for which he won the 2013 and 2015 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series.

Flag of Israel

The flag of Israel has a blue Star of David between two horizontal blue stripes on a white field.

Jai Kanhaiya Lal Ki

Jai Kanhaiya Lal Ki is a Hindi television comedy soap opera that premiered on 1 January 2018 and airs on Star Bharat. The show stars Vishal Vashishtha and Shweta Mou Bhattacharya in lead roles.The Show went off air on 26 May 2018 and it was replaced by "Muskaan".

Quick facts

Liam Miller

Liam William Peter Miller (13 February 1981 – 9 February 2018) was an Irish professional footballer. Miller began his career with Celtic and was later loaned to Aarhus in 2001. He joined Manchester United in 2004 on a free transfer under the Bosman ruling.

Miller represented the Republic of Ireland team internationally, making his debut in 2004 against the Czech Republic.

Miller died on 9 February 2018 of pancreatic cancer at the age of 36.

Reg E. Cathey

Reginald Eugene Cathey (August 18, 1958 – February 9, 2018) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles as Norman Wilson in "The Wire", Martin Querns in "Oz", Dr. Franklin Storm in the 2015 reboot of "The Fantastic Four", and Freddy Hayes in "House of Cards".

Cathey was born in Huntsville, Alabama.

For his role as Hayes, it earned him three Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series, including a win in 2015.

Cathey died of lung cancer on February 9, 2018 in New York City at the age of 59.

Héctor Bonilla

Héctor Bonilla (born Héctor Hermilo Bonilla Rebentun; March 14, 1939 – November 25, 2022) was Mexican actor. He was born in Mexico City. He is known for his roles in "Meridiano 100" (1974), "Rojo Amanecer" (1989), "Doble Indemnización" (1995) and "" (2016). He won two Ariel Awards for Best Actor. In 2017, he voiced the Tio Philippe and Tio Oscar in the Spanish dub of Disney-Pixar "Coco".

Jim Garrett

James Wilbur Garrett (June 19, 1930 – February 9, 2018) was an American football player, coach, and scout. He was born in Passaic, New Jersey. He starred as a running back playing college football at Utah State University. From 1987 to 2004, he served as a scout for the Dallas Cowboys. He spent most of the next 40 years in the National Football League as an assistant coach with the New York Giants (1970–1973), the New Orleans Saints (1976–1977), and the Cleveland Browns (1978–1984).

Garrett died in Dallas, Texas of bronchitis on February 9, 2018 at the age of 87.

John Martinkovic

John George Martinkovic (February 4, 1927 – February 8, 2018) was an American football. He was born in Hamilton, Ohio.

Martinkovic was a defensive lineman in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers and the New York Giants. He played college football and basketball at Xavier University and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1951 Draft by the Washington Redskins.

Martinkovic died on February 8, 2018 in Allouez, Wisconsin of complications from dementia at the age of 91.

Sahaba

Sahaba or As-Sahaba (), meaning "the companions", refers to the companions, friends and family of the Islamic prophet, Muhammad. They are highly respected by Muslims and after saying any name of a "sahabi", muslims usually say "Radhiya llahu anhu" (), which means "May God be pleased with them".

Doug Guetzloe

Douglas Michael "Doug" Guetzloe (June 15, 1954 – February 6, 2018) was an American radio personality, conservative political consultant and anti-tax activist. He was born in Tampa, Florida. He was the founder and chairman of Ax the Tax. It is a radio talk show host. He was also the founder of an internet broadcasting network.

Guetzloe helped found the Florida Taxpayers Union in 2004 as an affiliate of the National Taxpayers Union, a grassroots organization working for lower taxes, smaller government and accountability from public officials.

Guetzloe died on February 6, 2018 in Orlando, Florida of cardiac arrest at the age of 63.

Harryplax

Harryplax is a genus of crab containing the species Harryplax severus. "H. severus" occurs at depths of . First collected in 1998 and described in 2017, the genus name honors collector Harry T. Conley, as well as the literary character Harry Potter The species name alludes to Severus Snape, also from the "Harry Potter" series.

Pantothenic acid

Pantothenic acid is a water-soluble vitamin, in the group of the B vitamins. It is also known as vitamin B. It is a derivative of the amino acid "beta"-Alanine.

Vitamin B6

Vitamin B is one of the vital chemical compounds which are got from foodstuffs. It is a group of chemically similar compounds which can be converted from one to another in the body. The vitamin B6 group are essential to over 100 enzymes. The enzymes are mostly involved in protein metabolism.

Vitamin B is part of the vitamin B group. Its active form serves as a coenzyme in some 100 enzyme reactions in amino acid, glucose, and lipid metabolism. 

The active form of B6 helps to increase or decrease the expression of certain genes. 

Kulbhushan Jadhav

Kulbhushan Sudhir Jadhav "(also spelled Kulbhushan Yadav)," also known as Hussain Mubarak Patel), (born 16 April 1970) is an Indian national. He was arrested in Balochistan, Pakistan, and charged with terrorism and spying for India's intelligence agency—Research and Analysis Wing. 

Arjit Taneja

Arjit Taneja is an Indian television actor and model. He made his television debut with the "V The Serial" and then appeared in the reality shows "MTV Splitsvilla 6" and "Box Cricket League 1" and TV fiction dramas "Kumkum Bhagya", "Kaleerein" and "Bahu Begum". Taneja is frequently cited as one of the most desirable and attractive celebrities in Indian television industry. He is been rumoured to be in relationship with actress Anjum Fakih.

Arjit Taneja belongs to a Punjabi family. He attended modern school, Delhi and was graduated with a BA degree in computer programming at University of Delhi.

In November 2010, he joined the modelling agency Elite Model Management India Pvt. Ltd. 2 years later in mid-2012, Taneja moved from Delhi to Mumbai and began his acting career on television that year as the friend of Karan Kundra's character in Channel V India's "V The Serial", produced by Ekta Kapoor.

In 2013 he collaborated with Kapoor on Sony TV's "Bade Achhe Lagte Hain", where he had a very small role. Also he contested in MTV India's "MTV Splitsvilla 6" and later in Sony TV's "Box Cricket League 1", the latter of which was his third with Kapoor.

Taneja's career finally saw a turning point when he signed the parallel lead role of Purab Khanna in Zee TV's popular daily soap "Kumkum Bhagya", created by Kapoor. He won the Best Supporting Actor award at the Zee Gold Awards, and exited the show in 2016. In 2017, Arjit then moved to Indonesia for a few months where he was cast as lead in the Indonesian show ' Nadin ' (ANTV) alongside his former co-star from Kumkum Bhagya Mrunal Thakur and Indonesia Actress Dewi Persik.

Simultaneously along with "Kumkum Bhagya", he was seen as Bilal Khan in another Kapoor production—Sony TV's "Pyaar Ko Ho Jaane Do" in 2015. In 2016, he did Zing's "Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya" and participated in Colors TV's "Box Cricket League 2" produced by Kapoor.

In February 2018, Taneja began essaying the main character of Vivaan Kapoor in Zee TV's "Kaleerein". It went off air in November 2018. In May 2018, he also appeared as a guest in Zee TV's talk show "Juzz Baatt" with Sana Saeed, Adnan Khan and Karan Jotwani.

His next TV series was Colors TV's love triangle-themed "Bahu Begum" which premiered in July 2019. In the show Taneja was cast as Azaan Akhtar Mirza, the Nawab of Bhopal. Due to low viewership, "Bahu Begum" culminated in January 2020.

In January 2021, he bagged the grey-shade cameo role of Farishta, an angel in the supernatural revenge thriller "Naagin 5" and reprised the same role in February 2021 for "", both of which were aired on Colors TV and created by Kapoor.

Arjit Taneja is currently seen as 'Shambhu' in his latest show "Nath Zewar Ya Zanjeer" which officially aired on August 23rd, 2021 on Dangal TV.

Bruno Kirby

Bruno Kirby (born Bruno Giovanni Quidaciolu II; April 28, 1949 – August 14, 2006) was an American actor, singer, voice artist, chef, and comedian. Kirby was born in New York City, New York on April 28, 1949. He was known for his roles in "City Slickers", "When Harry Met Sally", "Good Morning, Vietnam", "The Godfather Part II", and "Donnie Brasco". He voiced Reginald Stout in "Stuart Little".

His father was actor Bruce Kirby.

Harrison, Ohio

Harrison is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Mentor-on-the-Lake, Ohio

Mentor-on-the-Lake is a city in Ohio in the United States.

The Valley, Anguilla

The Valley is the capital city of Anguilla.

Rodern

Rodern is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department.



Nouméa

Nouméa is the capital city of New Caledonia.

San Vittore, Switzerland

San Vittore is a municipality in the district of Moesa in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

San Vittore is in the lower part of the valley of the Moesa river. It is just over upstream of the border with the canton of Ticino. It is upstream of Arbedo-Castione, where the Moesa river joins the Ticino river. At above sea level, it is the lowest-lying community in Graubünden.


Jóhann Jóhannsson

Jóhann Gunnar Jóhannsson (; 19 September 1969 – 9 February 2018) was an Icelandic composer. He released solo albums from 2002, and composed music for theatre, dance, TV and movies. He was born in Reykjavík. 

Jóhannsson was known for his works on Denis Villeneuve's "Prisoners", "Sicario", "Arrival" and James Marsh's "The Theory of Everything". 

Jóhannsson was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score for both "The Theory of Everything" and "Sicario", and won a Golden Globe for Best Original Score for "The Theory of Everything" in 2015.

Jóhannsson was found dead in his apartment in Berlin on 9 February 2018, at the age of 48. The cause of death was an accidental cocaine overdose.


Wally Moon

Wallace "Wally" Wade Moon (April 3, 1930 – February 9, 2018) was an American professional baseball outfielder in the Major League Baseball. Moon played his 12-year career in the major leagues for the St. Louis Cardinals (1954–58) and Los Angeles Dodgers (1959–65). He batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He was born in Bay, Arkansas.

Moon died on February 9, 2018 in Bryan, Texas of skin cancer at the age of 87.


Constance Towers

Constance Mary Towers (born May 20, 1933) is an American actress and singer.

Towers made her movie debut in the Technicolor picture "Bring Your Smile Along" (1955). She would later be known for her roles in John Ford's westerns "The Horse Soldiers" (1959) and "Sergeant Rutledge" (1960). She would later appear in Samuel Fuller's thrillers "Shock Corridor" (1963) and "The Naked Kiss" (1964).


Whitefish, Montana

Whitefish (Salish: epɫx̣ʷy̓u, "has whitefish") is a city in Flathead County, Montana, United States. The population was 7,751 at the 2020 census. It is home to a ski resort on Big Mountain called Whitefish Mountain Resort.


Simon the Canaean

Simon the Canaanite, also known as Simon the Zealot, was one of the 12 apostles of Jesus. Most of his life is unknown, but historians do have some information about him.

Battle of Karbala

The Battle of Karbala took place on Muharram 10, in the year 61 AH of the Islamic calendar (October 10, 680 AD) in Karbala, in present-day Iraq. A small group of supporters and relatives of Muhammad's grandson, Husayn ibn Ali fought against a larger army serving Yazid I, the Umayyad caliph. The Umayyads won. Shias every year commemorate the battle of the Day of Ashura.

Lal Wa Sarjangal District

Lal Wa Sarjangal District is one of the districts of Ghor Province located in central Afghanistan.

Pasaband District

Pasaband District is one of the districts of Ghor Province in central Afghanistan.

Tulak District

Tulak District is one of the districts of Ghor Province in central Afghanistan.

Jack Davis (politician)

Jack Davis (September 6, 1935 – February 4, 2018) was an American politician. He was born in Chicago. He was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1976 to 1986, and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1987 to 1989 representing Illinois' 4th U.S. Congressional District.

Davis died of dementia in Springfield, Illinois on February 4, 2018 at the age of 82.

Bevan Congdon

Bevan Ernest Congdon OBE (11 February 1938 – 10 February 2018) was a New Zealand cricket all-rounder. He played 61 Test matches and 11 One Day Internationals from 1965 to 1978, which included a spell as captain. He was born in Motueka, New Zealand. He was captain of the New Zealand Test and ODI team from 1972 to 1974, and was the first New Zealand captain to record a victory over Australia. 

Congdon died in Auckland on 10 February 2018, one day before his 80th birthday.

National Film Development Corporation of India


Non-cooperation movement

The "'Non-Cooperation Movement" was a significant phase of the Indian independence movement from British rule. It was led by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi after the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre. It aimed to resist British rule in India through non-violent means or "satyagraha". Protestors would refuse to buy British goods, adopt Nihal use of local handicrafts and picket and liquor shops. The ideas of Ahimsa and nonviolence, and Gandhi's ability to rally hundreds of thousands of common citizens towards the cause of Indian independence, were first seen on a large scale in this movement through summer 1920. Gandhi feared that the movement might lead to popular violence. The non-cooperation movement was launched on 4th September 1920. This movement became a breakthrough and in a way helped India achieve Independence.
It was called off in February 1922 when a group of peasants lit fire to the police station in chauri chaura located in Uttar Pradesh and ended the non-cooperation.

Three Kingdoms

Three Kingdoms is the name of a historical period in Ancient China. This period lasted from about 180 or 220, to about 280. During this period, China was split between the kingdoms of Wei, Shu Han and Wu. After the fall of the Han dynasty, there were three important successors. However, none of the three was strong enough to win against the two others. During the Han dynasty, China had an emperor. After the end of the Han dynasty, three kingdoms were left. Chinese historians were unable to decide if there was a legitimate sucessor to the last Han emperor. 
The last Han emperor Xian left power in 220, and handed it to Xao Pi. Jin Wudi was able to unite China again in 280. Between the two years was the period of the three kingdoms. 

In the year 189, the central government lost most of its power. For this point on, it was unable to do much. For this reason, many people think that the time of the Three Kingdoms already started in 189.

Moumita Gupta

Moumita Gupta is a Bengali film and television actress.



Dolon Roy

Dolon Roy (also spelt as "Dolon Ray") is a Bengali actress, based in Kolkata, India. She is best Known for Stree and Baksho Badol.


Dibjyoti Dutta

Dibyojyoti Dutta (born 1999) is a Bengali television actor. He is best known for portraying the main characters in "Joyee", "Desher Mati", "Anurager chhowa , sooraj in Choo kar mere maan ko ( StarPlus serial )"



Rahul Banerjee

Arunoday Banerjee, known as "Rahul" (, born 16 October 1983), is a Bengali Indian male actor of films and TV.


Société par actions simplifiée

The Société par Actions simplifiée (shortened to SAS) is a company type according to French law. It is similar to the Société Anonyme, but simpler to set up. Many foreign companies who set up a dependency in France use this form. Examples of companies that are SAS are Airbus (of EADS) and Chanel.

Mitch Pileggi

Mitchell Craig "Mitch" Pileggi (born April 5, 1952) is an American actor. He was born in Portland, Oregon. Pileggi is best known for his role as Walter Skinner on "The X-Files". He had a recurring role on "Stargate Atlantis" as Colonel Steven Caldwell. He appeared in the 2008 movie "Flash of Genius". In 2008, he began a recurring role as Ernest Darby in "Sons of Anarchy". He starred as Harris Ryland in the TNT revival of "Dallas" (2012–2014). 

Flag of Monaco

The national flag of Monaco () has two equal horizontal bands, red (top) and white (bottom).

Flag of Montenegro

The flag of Montenegro was created in 2004.

It has a red field surrounded by a golden border; charged with the Coat of arms of Montenegro at the centre. The coat of arms in the flag occupies of its height. The width of the golden border is the width of the hoist-side.

Flag of Latvia

The flag of Latvia has a carmine field bisected by a narrow white stripe (one-fifth the width of the flag). This story is similar to the legend of the origins of the flag of Austria.

Ushashi Ray

Ushasi Ray (); is a Bengali Television Actress. she is best Known for her lead role in Star Jalsha's Milon Tithi and Zee Bangla's Bokul Kotha.

Sandipta Sen

Sandipta Sen is a Bengali television actress. She is known for her role of Nandini in "Tumi Asbe Bole". In 2014 she was awarded the Tele Academy Award for Best Actress for her role of Turpur in "Tapur Tupur".

List of Victorious episodes

Victorious is an American teen sitcom that premiered on Nickelodeon on March 27, 2010, and aired until February 2, 2013. The series stars Victoria Justice as Tori Vega, a teenage girl who attends Hollywood Arts High School, a performing arts school with a group of students. It was announced on August 10, 2012, that the series would not be renewed.

Erskine Bowles

Erskine Boyce Bowles (born August 8, 1945) is an American businessman and politician from North Carolina. He was the president of the University of North Carolina system from 2005 to 2010. He was as White House Chief of Staff from 1997–98. Bowles also ran for the United States Senate from North Carolina in 2002 and 2004 but lost both times.

Bowles was born in Greensboro, North Carolina. His parents are Jessamine Woodward Boyce Bowles and Hargrove "Skipper" Bowles Jr.. Bowles grew up in Greensboro and graduated from Virginia Episcopal School. Then he studied at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he was a member of the Zeta Psi fraternity. He graduated with a business degree. He was in the United States Coast Guard for a short time. Next, Bowles studied at Columbia Business School. He earned an MBA. After graduation, Bowles worked for the financial firm Morgan Stanley in New York City.

Allan Hills 84001

Allan Hills 84001 (commonly abbreviated ALH84001) is a meteorite that was found in Allan Hills, Antarctica on December 27, 1984, by a team of American meteorite hunters from the ANSMET project. Like other members of the group of SNCs (shergottite, nakhlite, chassignite), ALH84001 is thought to be from Mars. However, it does not fit into any of the previously discovered SNC groups. On discovery, its mass was .

Jan Maxwell

Janice Elaine Maxwell (November 20, 1956 – February 11, 2018) was an American stage and television actress. She was a five-time Tony Award nominee and two-time Drama Desk Award winner (2005, 2010). She was born in Fargo, North Dakota.

Maxwell was known for her performance in the musical "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" (2005) and "Follies" (2012). Her other Broadway credits include, "Dancing at Lughnasa" (1992), "A Doll's House" (1997), "The Sound of Music" (1998) and "The Dinner Party" (2001).

In television, Maxwell starred in "The Divide" (2014), "The Good Wife" (2014), and "Gossip Girl" (2009–2011). From 1994 to 2003, she appeared in four episodes of the NBC drama "Law & Order", each time as a different character.

Maxwell died of leptomeningeal carcinomatosis complicated from breast cancer in New York City on February 11, 2018 at the age of 61.


Nicholas Shehadie

Sir Nicholas Michael Shehadie (15 November 1925 – 11 February 2018) was an Australian rugby union sportsperson and politician. He was born in Sydney. He served as Lord Mayor of Sydney from 1973 to 1975. He was a national representative rugby union captain, who made thirty career Test appearances for Australia between 1947 and 1958.

Shehadie was an inductee into both the Australian Rugby Union Hall of Fame and the IRB Hall of Fame.

From 1957 until his death, Shehadie was married to former Governor of New South Wales Dame Marie Bashir.

Shehadie died on 11 February 2018 in Sydney at the age of 92.



Austin Asche

Keith John Austin Asche, AC, QC (born 28 November 1925) is an Australian politician. He was born in Melbourne. He served as Administrator of the Northern Territory from 1993 through 1997. He was the third Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory serving from 1986 through 1987.

Asche was appointed a Knight of the Order of St. John in 1993 and made a Companion of the Order of Australia in 1994. He was made Honorary Freeman of the City of Darwin in 2007.

Ted Egan

Edward Joseph "Ted" Egan AO (born 6 July 1932) is an Australian folk musician and a former public servant. He served as Administrator of the Northern Territory from 2003 to 2007.


Neil Conn

Neil Raymond Conn (born 17 August 1936) is an Australian economist and politician. He served as Administrator of the Northern Territory (1997-2000).

Conn was appointed by Queen Elizabeth II as Lord Prior of the Order of Saint John in 2014. He was succeeded by Sir Malcolm Ross in 2016.

Peter Sinclair

Rear Admiral Peter Ross Sinclair (born 16 November 1934) is a retired senior officer of the Royal Australian Navy. He served as the 35th Governor of New South Wales from 8 August 1990 to 1 March 1996.

In 1987 he was appointed Flag Officer Commanding HM Australian Fleet, a position which later changed to Maritime Commander, Australia.

Marjorie Jackson-Nelson

Marjorie Jackson-Nelson (born 13 September 1931) is an Australian politician and Olympic athlete. She is a former Governor of South Australia and a former Australian athlete.

Jackson-Nelson finished her sporting career with two Olympic and seven Commonwealth Games Gold Medals, six individual world records and every Australian State and National title she contested from 1950–1954.


Leneen Forde

Mary Marguerite "Leneen" Forde (born 12 May 1935) is an Canadian-born Australian educator and politician. She was a former Chancellor of Griffith University. She served as the 22nd Governor of Queensland from 1992 until 1997.

James Gobbo

Sir James Augustine Gobbo AC, CVO, QC (22 March 1931 – 7 November 2021) was an Australian jurist and politician. He was the 25th Governor of Victoria serving from 1997 through 2000. He was born in Melbourne.

Gobbo was made Knight Bachelor in 1981 and became a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC) in 1993 and a Knight of Grace of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of St John of Jerusalem (KStJ) in 1997. He was awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001.

Gobbo died on 7 November 2021 at the age of 90.

John Landy

John Michael Landy (12 April 1930 – 24 February 2022) was an Australian middle-distance runner and politician. Landy was born in Melbourne. He was the second man to break the four-minute mile barrier in the mile run. He held the world records for the 1500 metre run and the mile race. He also won a bronze medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics. Landy was also the 26th Governor of Victoria from 2001 to 2006.

Landy died on 24 February 2022 in Castlemaine, Australia from problems caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 91.


Guy Green

Sir Guy Stephen Montague Green, AC, KBE, CVO (born 26 July 1937) is an Australian jurist. A former Chief Justice of the Tasmanian Supreme Court and he was the Governor of Tasmania from 1995 to 2003. He was the first Tasmanian-born governor of the state, although not the first Australian-born. He was born in Launceston, Tasmania.

William Cox

William John Ellis Cox, AC, RFD, ED, QC (born 1 April 1936) is an Australian politician. He was Governor of Tasmania from 15 December 2004 to 2 April 2008. Before he was the state's Chief Justice and Lieutenant Governor.

Paul Danblon

Paul Danblon (25 July 1931 – 8 February 2018) was a Belgian composer, opera director, administrator, and journalist. He was one of the first people of scientific journalism on RTBF (Radio télévision belge de la communauté française). He was born in Ghent, Belgium.

In 1954, Danblon joined the RTBF current events programme, "Carnets de l'Actualité". He went on to specialize in producing and presenting popular science programmes such as "La Bouteille à encre", "Connaître", and "Le point de la médecine". He is the author of two books in the area:

Danblon died of pulmonary edema in Brussels, Belgium on 8 February 2018 at the age of 87.

Midori Ito

Midori Ito is a female figure skater from Japan. She was the world champion in 1989. She won the silver medal in the 1992 Winter Olympics. She is one of only 15 female figure skaters who have done a ratified triple Axel in competition. Ito is credited with being the first woman to successfully complete a triple axel in competition.

Swara Bhaskar

Swara Bhaskar Chitrapu () is an Indian actress who works in the Hindi film industry. She is best known for her supporting work in mainstream productions and starring roles in independent films. She has won two Screen Awards and has been nominated for Filmfare Awards three times.

Bhaskar was the daughter of naval officer Chitrapu Uday Bhaskar. She was born and raised in Delhi. After receiving her bachelor's degree in English literature from the University of Delhi, she enrolled herself at the Jawaharlal Nehru University to complete her master's in Sociology. Bhaskar made her film debut with a supporting role in the 2009 drama "Madholal Keep Walking." The drama did not make much money. She achieved wider recognition for her supporting role of a bride-to-be in the commercially successful romantic comedy "Tanu Weds Manu" (2011). Her performance in the film was well received by critics. She was nominated for a Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress.

Gross regional domestic product

GRDP or gross regional domestic product is usually the measure of a region's economy. The more familiar gross domestic product (GDP) refers to the economy of a country.

Algebraic fraction

An algebraic fraction is a fraction where the top and the bottom are algebraic expressions. Two examples of algebraic fractions are formula_1 and formula_2.

A rational fraction is an algebraic fraction where the top and the bottom are polynomials. formula_1 is a rational fraction, but formula_2 is not. This is because the top has a square root function.

formula_5

formula_6

formula_7

Turn the equation into multiplication by flipping one of the fractions. After that, do what is shown above.

formula_8

Great Bear Lake

Great Bear Lake is a lake in the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is the largest lake that is entirely inside Canada. It is the fourth largest lake in North America. It is the eighth largest lake in the world.

Andorra at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Andorra sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. They competed in para-alpine skiing. The country first went to the Winter Paralympics in 2002.  The 2018 Winter Paralympics was Andorra’s fifth Winter Paralympics.  

The International Paralympic Committee confirmed that Andorra will compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in January 2018.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Andorra") that participated in the 2018 Games.
The country first went to the Winter Paralympics in 2002. The 2018 Winter Paralympics was Andorra’s fifth Winter Paralympics. Their best finish at the Winter Games was in 2010, when Paquita Ramirez Capitan was ninth in the women's Giant Slalom.

Argentina at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Argentina sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The people were Carles Codina and Enrique Plantey. Codina competed in para-snowboarding. Plantey competed in para-alpine skiing.

Argentina sent two people to Pyeongchang, South Korea. They were Carles Codina and Enrique Plantey. Codina competed in para-snowboarding. Plantey competed in para-alpine skiing.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Argentina") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Enrique Plantey went to a World Cup in Veysonnaz, Switzerland in January 2018. He finished his races, where he won a place at the 2018 Paralympic Games in the giant slalom. Plantey competed at the World Cup in Kutai, Austria.  He finished tenth in the giant slalom race. Next, he went to the World Cup in Saint Moritz, Switzerland.  At that race, he finished tenth in the giant slalom, 14th in the first slalom race and 18th in the second slalom race. From January 18 to 20, Plantey raced at the World Cup in Kranjska Gora, Slovenia.  He finished 13th.

Plantey went to the Winter Paralympics for the second time in 2018. He had gone to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. The mono-ski he used for the 2014 Winter Paralympics cost $7,000. His town paid for it.

Plantey started using a wheelchair after a car accident that killed his father and brother. Because of the accident, he had a spinal cord injury. Before the accident, he played rugby, soccer and paddle. After his accident, he played table tennis and wheelchair basketball. He went to a ski resort with friends in 1999. He fell in love with para-alpine skiing right away. The next year, his friends and families paid $1,000 to buy him a mono-ski so he could race more. Later, Plantey moved to the United States for some time to train seriously. When he is not skiing, Plantey is a lawyer.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Carles Codina went to the Winter Paralympics for the second time in 2018. He had gone to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. He had an accident during a ski race in South Korea in 2017. He had to get better before he could race again. In January 2018, he got a place to go to the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Codina went to a World Cup in Veysonnaz, Switzerland in January 2018.

Codina is from Barcelona. His parents are from Argentina. Codina could race for Spain or Argentina. He decided to race for Argentina.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

Armenia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Armenia sent athletes to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The country sent one para-alpine skier, Sasun Hakobyan, who qualified for the Winter Games in November 2017, and was named to the team before any of the country's Olympic athletes.

Armenia sent one person to the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Sasun Hakobyan (Սասուն Հակոբյան) was chosen to represent Armenia in December 2017. He was selected for the Paralympics before any of the country's Olympic people. The total number of members of the team was five. It included four people who were there to support its skier. The team left for South Korea on 5 March 2018.

In late February, Armenian National Paralympic Committee President Hakob Abrahamyan was trying to add one person to the team. He wanted alpine skier Sasun Hakobyan to go to Pyeongchang too. The problem was the skier missed a qualifying competition. Armenia asked the International Paralympic Committee to allow him to compete anyway.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Armenia") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The Government of Armenia gave the National Paralympic Committee AMD 6.5 million for the Winter Paralympics. The money was used for airfare, uniforms and sports equipment.

15 National Paralympic Committees and the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation signed a letter expressing support for the National Paralympic Committee of Russia in August 2017.  The countries included Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Vietnam, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, China, Laos, Moldova, Mongolia, Serbia, Tajikistan, Montenegro, and South Korea.  They asked the IPC Governing Board to consider letting Russia compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.  The letter was signed weeks before the IPC Governing Board met in Abu Dhabi. In September 2017, this decision was reviewed and upheld. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) still had concerns about doping in Russian sport. All the conditions the IPC required of the Russians were not met.

Sasun Hakobyan qualified for the Winter Paralympics in November 2017. In early 2017, he participated in an international skiing competition in Iran. He is coached by Stas Nazaryan. Stasik Nazaryan qualified by competing at a race in Germany in January 2018.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March. People ski from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Armenia first went to the Winter Paralympics for the 1998 Games in Nagano, Japan. The only sport the country has competed in is para-alpine skiing.  From 1998 to 2014, Armenia has been represented by standing skier Mher Avanesyan. His finish of 34th in standing slalom at the 2014 Sochi Games was his best result to date. Armenia had yet to medal going into the 2018 Winter Games.

Australia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Australia sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The team is competing in two sports: para-alpine skiing and para-snowboarding. Team members include co-captains Mitchell Gourley and Joany Badenhorst. Gourley first represented Australia at the Winter Paralympics in 2006, and has gone to every Winter Paralympics since. Badenhorst was the first woman from Australia to compete in para-snowboarding at the Paralympic Games. The 2018 Winter Paralympic Games will are on Seven Network. It is the first time the Paralympic Games will be on a commercial television station in Australia.

Mitchell Gourley and Joany Badenhorst were announced team co-captains in October 2017. Being named captain meant they had the responsibility to work with the Australian Paralympic Committee and Chef de Mission Nick Dean to unify a team that would compete in two sports: para-alpine skiing and para-snowboarding. Sean Pollard was wanting to be the last person named to the team. He went to a snowboarding competition in February 2018 in Canada. The event was the last opportunity for people to qualify for the 2018 Games. On 20 February 2018, the Australian Paralympic Committee shared their updated team list. It included 13 people. Shaun Pianta and sighted guide Jeremy O’Sullivan earned the right to go to the Games. They were waiting for approval from the International Paralympic Committee before the Australian Paralympic Committee officially said they were on Team Australia.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Australia") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

In March 2017, Nick Dean was appointed Chef de Mission. He previously was the Chef de Mission at the Lillehammer 1994, Nagano 1998 and Salt Lake City 2002 Games and was Deputy Chef de Mission for a further three Winter and two Summer Paralympic Games between 1992 and 2012.

It is expected that the final Australian team will be between 10 and 12 athletes across two sports – para-alpine skiing and para-snowboard. There is the aim to finish in the top 15 nations on the medal table. This target was set by the Australian Sports Commission’s Australia’s Winning Edge policy. The team will be missing its previous Winter Paralympic Games medalists. The missing skiers Cameron Rahles-Rahbula, Toby Kane and Jessica Gallagher.

The Australian Paralympic Committee thought Mitchell Gourley, Melissa Perrine, Joany Badenhorst and Ben Tudhope could be medal contenders in South Korea.

Mitchell Gourley first represented Australia at the Winter Paralympics in 2006, and has gone to every Winter Paralympics since. Gourley was born not having a lower left arm.

Lara Falk is Patrick Jensen's guide skier. She was 21 years old when she was selected for the team. She skis in front of Jensen. While going down a mountain, she tells him about pitch, rhythm and snow conditions. Her goal is to help Jensen ski the best that he can. The two started skiing together in 2016.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Joany Badenhorst won a gold medal at a World Cup event a month before the start of the 2018 Games. She won two bronze medals at World Cup events in 2017.

Badenhorst was the first woman from Australia to compete in para-snowboarding at the Paralympic Games. She started the sport after being observed by a snowboard coach when she was working out. The coach called her and asked if she wanted to try the sport. Badenhorst said, "why not?" and has been snowboarding ever since. Because the Australian Paralympic Committee wanted to send snowboarders to the sports debut at the 2014 Games, her training was sped up to try to make sure she could compete at the Sochi Paralympics. While practicing in Sochi minutes before the start of competition at the 2014 Winter Paralympics, she crashed and broke her patella. She also collapsed her hip and dislocated her knee.

Badenhorst wanted to compete in para-athletics. She almost went to the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the sport, but problems with her amputation forced her to stop competing. When she was a 10-year-old living in South Africa, she was involved in an accident with a tractor. Because of the accident, her leg was amputated.

Sean Pollard was attacked by a shark. This resulted in him having a disability.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM - 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

Australia first competed at the Winter Paralympics in 1980 in Geilo. They have competed at every Winter Paralympics since.  Michael Milton is the Australian with the most Winter Paralympic medals.  The standing para-alpine skier won eleven medals during his participation at the Winter Games. Six of his medals were gold. Australia had a sad games at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.  They only won two medals at those Games.  One medal was a bronze, won by Toby Kane in the men's standing super combined. Jessica Gallagher and her guide skier Christian Geiger won Australia's other medal in 2014. It was a bronze in the women's vision impaired giant slalom.

The 2018 Winter Paralympic Games will are on Seven Network. It is the first time the Paralympic Games will be on a commercial television station in Australia. Seven will show highlight shows in the morning and the evening on each day of the Winter Games.

Austria at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Austria sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Austria is sending 13 people to compete in three sports: para-alpine skiing, para-snowboarding and cross-country skiing.

Austria is sending 13 people to compete in three sports: para-alpine skiing, para-snowboarding and cross-country skiing.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Austria") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Secretary General Petra Huber and Chef de Mission Julia Voglmayr traveled to South Korea for a meeting with the Chef de Missions of 32 other countries in March 2017, a year before the Games were scheduled to start.

If someone from Austria wins a medal, they will get a cash reward of between €4000 and €8000.

Gernot Morgenfurts decided he wanted to start skiing after his multiple sclerosis became worse. He physically prepared himself before starting the sport in 2015. Later that year, he participated in the Austria Cup. Morgenfurts started competing internationally during the 2016/2017 World Cup season. Because of problems with his sight, he needs a guide skier. For the 2018 Games, that skier is Christoph Gmeiner. They use headsets to talk to each other during races. Pyeongchang 2018 is his first major international skiing competition.

Morgenfurts was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis 30 years before the start of the 2018 Games. As the disease has progressed, his vision has become worse.

Thomas Grochar is a standing skier. Grochar won silver at the end of 2016/2017 World Cup season.

Thomas Grochar went to Slovenia in January 2018. He competed in the World Cup in Kranjska Gora.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. Claudia Lösch, Markus Salcher, Nico Pajantschitsch, Roman Rabl and Simon Wallner were registered to start.

The second event on the program was Super-G. All skiers raced between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. Claudia Lösch, Markus Salcher, Thomas Grochar, Martin Würz, Nico Pajantschitsch, Roman Rabl, Simon Wallner, Gernot Morgenfurt and guide Christoph Gmeiner were scheduled to start in this event.

The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. Claudia Lösch, Markus Salcher, Thomas Grochar, Martin Würz, Nico Pajantschitsch, Roman Rabl, Simon Wallner, Gernot Morgenfurt and guide Christoph Gmeiner are scheduled to start.

The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go. Claudia Lösch, Heike Eder, Thomas Grochar, Martin Würz, Nico Pajantschitsch, Roman Rabl, Markus Gfatterhofer, Simon Wallner, Gernot Morgenfurt and guide Christoph Gmeiner are registered to start in the slalom.

The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end. Claudia Lösch, Heike Eder, Markus Salcher, Thomas Grochar, Martin Würz, Nico Pajantschitsch, Roman Rabl, Markus Gfatterhofer, Simon Wallner, Gernot Morgenfurt and his guide Christoph Gmeiner should all start in this event.

Theo Gmur won a gold medal in the men's downhill standing race.  Arthur Bauchet of France won silver.  Markus Salcher of Austria won bronze. In the women's Super-G sitting race, Anna Schaffelhuber of Germany won gold, Claudia Loesch of Austria won silver, and Momoka Muraoka of Japan won bronze. In the men's Super-G standing race, Theo Gmur of Switzerland won gold, Arthur Bauchet of France won silver, and Markus Salcher of Austria won bronze.

Carina is blind. Her brother, Julian, is her guide skier. She first competed for Austria in 2016. At the 2017 World Championships in Finsterau, Germany, Carina won 2 gold medals and 1 bronze medal. Carina was awarded the Golden Lion as "Rookie of the Year" at the Leonidas Sports Gala 2017.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM.  Carina Edlinger and guide Julian Edlinger are scheduled to start.  The pair are then scheduled to start in the sprint classic qualification.  It takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. Carina Edlinger and guide Julian Edlinger are scheduled to participate in the 7.5 km race.  The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

Patrick Mayrhofer and Reinhold Schett are scheduled to start in the snowboard cross event.  The program has the race starting on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes. Patrick Mayrhofer and Reinhold Schett are both scheduled to start.

Austria, Switzerland and Germany are co-hosting "Alpenhaus" in Pyeongchang. It is a place where people can celebrate winning Paralympic medals.

Belarus at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Belarus sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. People competed in para-Nordic skiing. The team included a number of para-Nordic skiers. Several had gone to the Winter Paralympics before. The country has a history of doing well at the Winter Paralympics, having first gone in 1994. Going to South Korea, they had already won 23 Winter Paralympic medals.

Yury Holub, Dzmitry Loban, Lidziya Hrafeyeva and Sviatlana Sakhanenka won medals on 10 March in the biathlon. This was the first day of competition at the Winter Paralympics.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Belarus") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Belarus has competed in every Winter Paralympics since 1994.  Going to Pyeongchang, they had already won 23 medals at the Winter Games. Most of these medals were in cross country skiing, with only 3 medals won in another sport: biathlon. Almost half the Belarus's medals in cross country skiing were won by sit skier Liudmila Vauchock. Belarus won 3 bronze medals at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi. They ranked eighteenth for total medals. Their medals were won by Basil Shapteboy () and Jadwiga Skorobogataya ().

15 National Paralympic Committees and the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation signed a letter expressing support for the National Paralympic Committee of Russia in August 2017.  The countries included Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Vietnam, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, China, Laos, Moldova, Mongolia, Serbia, Tajikistan, Montenegro, and South Korea.  They asked the IPC Governing Board to consider letting Russia compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.  The letter was signed weeks before the IPC Governing Board met in Abu Dhabi. In September 2017, this decision was reviewed and upheld. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) still had concerns about doping in Russian sport. All the conditions the IPC required of the Russians were not met.

Vasili Shaptsiaboi was 38-years-old at the 2018 Games. He went to the 2006, 2010 and 2014 Games, winning 3 Paralympic bronze medals at these Games. Before the Games, he was the man from Belarus who won the most medals at the Winter Paralympics.

Liudmila Vauchock has gone to the Paralympics before. Almost half the Belarus's medals in cross country skiing were won by Vauchock. When at home, her base for training was Raubichi. She would do three days of intense training, take a day off, and then three more days of intense training.

Vauchock has a disability because she fell off a dormitory roof.  The fall broke her back.  Before the accident, she was involved in athletics.  Vauchock did like skiing while she was at school.  She thought she got more mileage out of running than skiing.  Vauchock started skiing after the accident because others encouraged her to try the sport. She says skiing gives her a sense of freedom and speed.  It makes her feel independent and allows her to connect with nature.  The snow is not a hindrance, but a route to freedom. Volchek does not like attention that competing gives her.  She went to Sochi with only her older brother accompanying her. While many people in Belarus were happy with her fifth-place finish in Sochi, she cried as the result was not what she wanted.  While there are many challenges and many places in Minsk are not barrier free, she is not sad about the accident that resulted in her needing to use a wheelchair.  Without the accident happening, she does not think she would have become an elite sportsperson.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM - 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

In the men's 7.5 km sitting event, Daniel Cnossen of the United States won gold, Dzmitry Loban of Belarus won silver and Collin Cameron of Canada won bronze. In the men's 7.5 km visually impaired race,  Vitaliy Luk'yanenko of Ukraine won gold, Yury Holub of Belarus won silver and Anatolii Kovalevskyi of Ukraine won bronze. In the women's 6 km biathlon sitting race,  Kendall Gretsch of the United States won gold, Oksana Masters won silver and Lidziya Hrafeyeva of Belarus won bronze. In the women's 6 km biathlon visually impaired race,  Mikhalina Lysova won gold,  Oksana Shyshkova of Ukraine won silver and Sviatlana Sakhanenka of Belarus won bronze.

Belgium at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Belgium sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. There were three skiers for Belgium. They were Jasper Balcaen, Eléonor Sana and guide skier Chloé Sana.

Belgium sent three people to Pyeongchang. They competed in para-alpine skiing. The team included Jasper Balcaen, Eléonor Sana and guide skier Chloé Sana. Eléonor Sana as the first person to qualify for South Korea. She was selected to be the flag bearer at the Opening Ceremonies. Sana said about this, "This will be a unique moment in my life and I will try to enjoy it as much as possible."

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Belgium") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
If a person wins a gold medal, the government pays them €25,000. A silver medal is worth €15,000. If they win a bronze medal, they get €10,000. Coaches of people who win get 10% the amount given to the sportsperson.

Eléonor Sana has been blind since she was born. She started skiing when she was a child. She started competing in ski races three years before the 2018 Games. Her sister is Chloé Sana. She is Eléonor's guide skier. They use a microphone and a headset in their helmets to talk to each other. Eléonor and her older sister won two medals at the 2017 World Championships. One was a silver and the other was a bronze. It costs them a lot of money to participate in ski races. There is not much sponsorship in Belgium. Chloé said this can make it very difficult to compete in races. Before the 2018 Games, Chloé wanted to win a medal. At the same time, she was happy just to be going to Pyeongchang.

Marine Antoine went with the Sana sisters to South Korea. She was a reserve guide in case an accident or injury happened to Chloe.

Jasper Balcaen finished twenty-ninth at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi. He wanted to do better than that in South Korea. His goal was to finish in the top ten. After being named to the team in late January 2018, he said, "I am happy and honored to be able to defend my country for the second time at the winter games. The road to this selection was not always easy and would have been impossible without my family and my 2 trainers Gustav &    Mark Scorgie. The selection is the result of Teamwork. I hope this shows that no dream is impossible as long as you keep believing in it! " He trains in Stubaital, Austria. He is able to do that because of financial support from Ligue Handisport Francophone.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Belgian B2 classified skier Eleonor Sana won bronze in the women's downhill vision impaired race.

Men
Women

Brazil at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Brazil sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The team included two men and one woman. Two people competed in para-Nordic skiing. One competed in para-snowboarding. Aline Rocha is the first woman to be part of the Brazilian team at the Winter Paralympics. It is the second time Brazil went to the Winter Paralympics. They first went in 2014 to the Winter Paralympics in Sochi.

Brazil sent 3 people to Pyeongchang for the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Two were para-Nordic skiers and one was a para-snowboarder. The team included Aline Rocha. She is the first woman to be part of the Brazilian team at the Winter Paralympics. The country wanted to send 5 people to South Korea. They had the right to 2 spots in December 2017. One spot was for a man and one spot was for a woman.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Brazil") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Brazil first competed at the Winter Paralympics in 2014 in Sochi. André Cintra competed in snowboarding. Fernando Aranha competed in cross-country skiing.

In 2017 when she was 26-years-old, Aline Rocha finished well in important ski races. Her finishes meant she had the right to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. One race was a World Cup in Canmore, Canada in December 2017.  She finished 15th in the 800 meter sprint race.  She also finished 15th in the 5 kilometer race.

Rocha started cross country skiing in 2016. She uses a mono-ski. She started skiing because Brazilian Winter Paralympic sportsperson Fernando Aranha encouraged her. In December 2016, she went to Europe. She wanted to better her skiing results. She first went to race in Sweden. In January 2017, she went to a World Cup in Ukraine. In November 2017, she went to ski races in Germany and Canada. When she trains in Brazil, she uses a roller ski. It is similar to a normal racing wheelchair. She uses ski poles with the chair. She also trains with a special wheelchair that looks like a snowboard with wheels. Her coach is Fernando Cassio Orso.

Before cross country skiing, Rocha competed in para-athletics. She was a T54 classified racer. She has several national records in athletics. She also went to the 2016 Summer Paralympics. She finished ninth in the 1,500 meter T54 race. After the Winter Paralympics, Rocha wants to go to the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo. She has a goal of winning a medal in Tokyo. She quit university so she could try to win the medal in 2020.

Rocha has a disability. It is because of a car accident when she was a 15-year-old. The accident damaged her spinal cord.

Cristian Ribera was the last person named to the team for the 2018 Winter Paralympics. He was named on 15 February 2018.

Ribera races in a sit ski. He competed at a World Cup in Oberried, Germany in January 2018.  He was in the 7.5 km.  He finished 11th with a time of 23 minutes and 54 seconds.

Ribera is an 18-year-old student. He is part of the Program of Sports and Adaptive Motor Activities (Peama) and the Management of Sports and Leisure (UGEL). He wants to become a professional athlete. He thinks sports are important for including people with disabilities into society. He started skiing when he was a 15-year-old.

Men's distance

Cintra is going to his second Winter Paralympics. At the 2014 Winter Paralympics, he finished twenty-eighth. His goal for 2018 was to be better than he was in 2014.

The snowboard cross program has the race starting on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Bosnia and Herzegovina sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Only one person was on the team. It was 19-year-old para-alpine skier Ilma Kazazic.

Bosnia and Herzegovina was represented by only one person at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Ilma Kazazic competes in slalom and giant slalom. Three people will accompany Kazazic. The total delegation is four people. The other people are team coach Leon Svetlin, doctor Mirsad Muftić, and chef-de-mission Osman Hadžić. The team departed for South Korea in late February. They arrived in the village on 6 March.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Bosnia and Herzegovina") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The country has never won a medal at the Winter Paralympics. Before 2018, only three people represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at the Winter Paralympics.  They were Nijaz Memic in 2010 and Ilma Kazazic and Senad Turkovic.  All three are para-alpine skiers.

Ilma Kazazic is representing Bosnia and Herzegovina. She competes in the slalom and giant slalom races. Her coach is Leon Svetlin.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Bulgaria at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Bulgaria sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The country is sending one person, para-Nordic skier Svetoslav Georgiev. Georgiev competed at the Paralympics before. In 2014, he finished 16th in the 1 km sprint qualification race.

Bulgaria is sending one person to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. The person is blind skier Svetoslav Georgiev. Chairman of the Bulgarian Paralympic Association Iliya Lalov said they do not have high expectations. The country is good at Summer Paralympics. They are not good at winter sports like skiing.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Bulgaria") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Bulgaria has never won a medal at the Winter Paralympics. The country sent two people to the 2014 Winter Paralympics, and three people to the 2010 Winter Paralympics. The 2010 team included Joana Ermenkova, Alexander Stoyanov and Ivan Vatov.

Svetoslav Georgiev competed at the Paralympics before. In 2014, he finished 16th in the 1 km sprint qualification race. That was two spots ahead of the other Bulgarian, Jelez Kolev, who competed in the same race. His best international ranking has been 27th. That was in 2014. The most recent recent ranking was in January 2018. He was ranked 36th.

Georgiev is a member of the National Sports Academy Ski Club.  He is coached by Ivan Birnikov.  When he was young, his father encouraged him to practice sport.  He started skiing when he was a 7-year-old.  He started competing internationally in 2011. He was Bulgaria's flag bearer at the closing ceremony of the 2014 Paralympic Winter Games in Sochi.  He has also represented Bulgaria in para-athletics.

Kazakhstan at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Kazakhstan sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The team spent two years preparing for the Winter Paralympics.

Six people and one guide skier from Kazakhstan went to Pyeongchang, South Korea for the 2018 Winter Paralympics. All are competing in para-Nordic skiing. There are six men and one woman. Three are going to their first Paralympic Games. They are coached by Vasily Kolomyjets ().

The table below is the list of members (called "Team Kazakhstan") that played in the 2018 Games.
15 National Paralympic Committees and the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation signed a letter to support the National Paralympic Committee of Russia in August 2017.  The countries included Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Vietnam, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, China, Laos, Moldova, Mongolia, Serbia, Tajikistan, Montenegro, and South Korea. They asked the IPC to let Russia compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.  The letter was signed weeks before the IPC Governing Board met in Abu Dhabi. 
In September 2017, this decision was reviewed and upheld. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) still had concerns about doping in Russian sport. All the conditions the IPC required of the Russians were not met.

Kazakhstan did not join sledge hockey in 2018. The country is preparing for the future. They want to compete in sledge hockey in the future. Kazakhstan created a program in early 2018. Toyota became a sponsor in October 2017.

Two years before the start of the Games, Kazakhstan wanted to win medals in South Korea. They started on two years of planning and training to do this. The team spent nearly a year training in Germany before the hosted Games. They used snow tunnels during the summer months. This allowed them to train in winter conditions all year. During the summer, they also trained using bicycles. Because of sponsorship, many team members got new prostheses while in Germany. Kolyadin said of his new prosthetic, "They created a new prosthesis. When I got it, I tried it. Now I am accustomed to using it. I think I will win by using it in the race. It takes time to learn new technology. But there is 100% control - I like it." The team went to Russia for World Cup events. They did more training in Russia. They also went to a competition in Finland. The team returned to Almaty three weeks before the Games started. This was so they could do additional training.

The national team had about fifteen people. Only seven are going to South Korea. Their average age is from about 27 years old to 40 years old.

Japan at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Japan sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The group from Japan was going to compete in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing, para-snowboarding and sledge hockey.

There were three announcements with who would go to the 2018 Winter Games representing Japan. The second announcement was made on 8 February 2018. The last announcement was made on 18 February 2018. The last announcement said two male para-alpine skiers would be going to South Korea. The country has the third largest team among all nations. It has 38 people.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Japan") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers raced between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Anna Schaffelhuber of Germany won gold in the women's downhill sitting race.  Momoka Muraoka of Japan won silver.  Laurie Stephens of the United States won bronze. In the men's downhill sitting race, Andrew Kurka of the United States won gold, Taiki Morri of Japan won silver and Corey Peters of New Zealand won bronze. In the women's Super-G sitting race, Anna Schaffelhuber of Germany won gold, Claudia Loesch of Austria won silver, and Momoka Muraoka of Japan won bronze.

Keiichi Sato competes in two sports: para-triathlon and para-Nordic skiing.  The first sport he did was para-Nordic skiing.  As a member of Team Japan, he went to the 2010 and 2014 Winter Paralympics.  After para-triathlon became a Paralympic sport, Sato decided to try it.  He then was part of Team Japan at the 2016 Summer Paralympics. He then went to the 2017 Triathlon World Championships.  After that, he stopped competing in para-triathlon.  He wanted to try to medal at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.  He thought he needed to focus on para-Nordic skiing to do that.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

Atsushi Yamamoto is a track and field competitor.  He won a silver medal in the men's T42 long jump at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.  In November 2017, he went to the World Para Snowboard World Cup in Landgraaf, Netherlands.  The World Cup was his first para-snowboarding competition.  Also there was Daniel Wagner of Denmark.  Wagner won gold in the event which Yamamoto won silver.  Both men had decided to compete internationally in snowboarding during the same year.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March. It goesfrom 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

Japan's team has 17 men. Their coach is Kojin Nakakita.
Japan, Sweden and the Czech Republic were the last 3 teams that were able to go to the 2018 Games. They could go because of how they finished at the Qualification Tournament in October in Ostersund, Sweden in October 2017.

The United States, South Korea, the Czech Republic and Japan were in Group B for the sledge hockey competition. Japan plays against South Korea on 10 March. They play the Czech Republic on 13 March.

For the first time, the Paralympic Games will be live on television. The 2018 Games will be on NHK. People can watch on NHK General TV and NHK Educational TV channels. Some will be televised with a resolution of 8K. There are going to be 62 hours of live coverage.

Italy at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Italy sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. They are competing in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing, para-snowboarding and sledge hockey. Italy finished in the first four at the 2017 Sledge Hockey World Championships.  This was why they could compete in sledge hockey at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Italy") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Giacomo Bertagnolli is blind.

17-year-old Giacomo Bertagnolli went to Slovenia in January 2018. She competed in the World Cup in Kranjska Gora. Giacomo won the 2017 Para Alpine World Championships in the super combined race.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program was Super-G. All skiers raced between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Mac Marcoux won gold in the men's visually impaired downhill race.  Jakub Krako of Slovakia won silver.  Giacomo Bertagnolli of Italy won bronze. In the men's Super-G visually impaired race, Jakub Krako of Slovakia won gold, Giacomo Bertagnolli of Italy won silver, and Miroslav Haraus of Slovakia won bronze.

Italy finished in the first four at the 2017 Sledge Hockey World Championships.  This was why they could compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Italy played in the 2017 World Sledge Hockey Challenge in December in Charlottetown, Canada. Norway lost to Italy 4 - 3 in overtime at a tournament in Turin in January 2018.

Canada, Norway, Italy and Sweden were in Group A for the sledge hockey competition. They play against Norway on 10 March. They play against Canada on 11 March.

Iceland at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Iceland sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Iceland sent one man to Pyeongchang. He competed in para-alpine skiing.

Iceland sent one man to Pyeongchang. He competed in para-alpine skiing.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Iceland") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Iran at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Iran sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Iran had 2 people at the 2018 Winter Paralympics, 1 man and 1 woman who competed in para-alpine skiing. Elaheh Gholi Fallah was announced as the flag bearer.

Iran had 2 people at the 2018 Winter Paralympics, 1 man and 1 woman who competed in para-alpine skiing. Elaheh Gholi Fallah was announced as the flag bearer in late February. She is the first blind person to carry the flag for Iran at the Winter Paralympics.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Iran") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Hungary at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Hungary sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The country is sending three people to the games: One blind skier and his guide in para-alpine skiing and one woman para-Nordic skiing. Hungary is returning to the Paralympics after having not gone to the 2014 Games in Sochi. Zsolt Balogh will be the first person who is blind to represent Hungary at the Winter Paralympics.

In June 2017, the National Paralympic Committee of Hungary, Magyar Paralimpiai Bizottság (MPB), announced the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) had given them a quota of at least three spots.  There were two spots for para-Nordic skiing and one spot for para-alpine skiing. The spot for para-alpine skiing was because of the performance of blind skier Zsolt Balogh and his guide skier Bence Bocsi. The para-Nordic skiing spots were earned by Krisztina Lőrincz.  She is an LW10.5 classified sit skier. MPB representative Laszlo Szabó said of this, "The successes at the Rio Games gave new impetus to Hungarian athletes. We are proud to be able to represent our country at the Winter Paralympics, and in the last Winter Games organized in Sochi there was no Hungarian sportspeople. It's a great success that we can start in three of the six sports contested Winter Paralympic Games, thanks to the great athletes and their coaches whose work here is to be thanked." The three spots was one more than the government had been targeting earlier in the year. The goal was to earn two spots.

Zsolt Balogh and his guide skier Bence Bocsi, and Krisztina Lőrincz were officially named to the team in November 2017. Balogh is the first person who is blind to represent Hungary at the Winter Paralympics.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Hungary") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Hungary first went to the Winter Paralympics in 2002. Their best results were at the 2006 Winter Paralympics. Agnes Vas competed in the women's slalom sitting race.  She finished ninth. Hungary did not go to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. At the 2010 Winter Paralympics, people only competed in para-alpine skiing.

A joint agreement was signed by the Korean Cultural Center, the Olympic Committee of Hungary and Magyar Paralimpiai Bizottság to support and fund people to participate in the 2018 Games.

Zsolt Balogh is blind and skis with his guide skier Bence Bocsi. After he was officially named to the team, Balogh said, "We have worked hard in preparation and qualification in recent years so it is a great pleasure for us to achieve our first goal: we can be in the games. We expect a very tough race, and there are dozens of good riders in this category. With lots of practice, good snow conditions and with a little luck, we can score good results."

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go. The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Krisztina Lőrincz is an LW10.5 sit skier, competing in both cross country skiing and biathlon. In the lead up to Pyeongchang 2018, Lőrincz trained on rollers on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.  She practiced shooting on Tuesdays and Thursdays.  On long weekends, she would do other training focused on improving her body.  She also worked with a sports psychologist.  Lőrincz did this while working six to seven hours a day.

One of the main reasons Lőrincz participates in para-Nordic skiing is she enjoys shooting.  Otherwise, she prefers cycling to skiing. She narrowly missed out on going to the 2014 Winter Paralympics after trying, and failing, to qualify for the Games. Since January 2017, she has been coached by Kristóf Lágler. Her qualifying for the 2018 Winter Paralympics was easier because of the ban on Russian skiers from participating.

Krisztina Lőrincz represented Hungary at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in adapted rowing. She finished 11th. Outside of sports, she works as a human resources specialist. She was in a car accident in 2005. Because of that, she has a disability.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM.  The sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The 7.5 km race standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

Lyndhurst, Ohio

Lyndhurst is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Greece at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Greece sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. One person is representing Greece. It is snowboarder Konstantinos Petrakis. It is the first time a snowboarder has represented Greece at the Winter Paralympics. Greece first went to the Winter Paralympics in 2002. The 2018 Games are the fifth time they sent a team to the Winter Paralympics.

Greece is going to have a team that includes one snowboarder, Konstantinos Petrakis. It is the first time a snowboarder has represented Greece at the Winter Paralympics.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Greece") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Greece first went to the Winter Paralympics in 2002. The 2018 Games are the fifth time they sent a team to the Winter Paralympics.

Konstantinos Petrakis is from Veria. Petrakis is only racing in the snowboard cross. He has won five medals in his career in the event.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March. It goes from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women.

Great Britain at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Great Britain sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The team has people in para-snowboarding, para-alpine skiing and wheelchair curling. People are from Scotland, England, Wales and Northern Ireland Unlike football and some other sports, citizens from these countries are part of the same team at the Olympics and Paralympics. The competition was also broadcast on television on Channel 4.

The first team announcement for Great Britain was made on 15 January 2018. The full team for Great Britain was made on 15 February 2018. has been selected to compete in both the biathlon and cross-country skiing competitions.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team GB") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Great Britain will send a total of 17 athletes to the games. This is the most sent by the British team since 2006.
Many times, Scotland, England, Wales and Northern Ireland compete as separate countries at sports events around the world. Because of the past, these four countries compete as one country at the Olympic and Paralympic Games. Some Crown dependencies and some British Overseas Territories also are part of Great Britain for these sporting events. People in Northern Ireland do not like the name because it does not include them.

Before the start of the 2018 Winter Olympics, people from Great Britain had won more medals in the Winter Paralympics than the Winter Olympics. People won one bronze medal at the Winter Olympics. People won over five medals in the Winter Paralympics.

Mille Knight became blind when she was a 6-year-old. In 2017, she finished her A Levels. That year, she also won seven gold medals at IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup races. Kelly Gallagher is blind. She skis with her guide skier Charlotte Evans. They went to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. Gallagher and Evans won a gold medal in the Super-G. Gallagher wanted to win more medals in South Korea.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers raced between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

B2 classified skier Millie Knight won silver in women's downhill vision impaired race. In the women's Super-G visually impaired race, Henrieta Farkasova of Slovakia won gold, Millie Knight of Great Britain won silver and Menna Fitzpatrick won bronze.

Great Britain is not a country where people with disabilities do para-Nordic skiing. Scott Meenagh was the first para-Nordic skier to go to the Winter Paralympics in 28 years. Meenagh was a service member in Afghanistan. After an attack, he lost both of his legs. After his injuries, he tried para-athletics and adaptive rowing. In March 2016, he first tried para-Nordic skiing.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

The team starts playing on 10 March. They play against Sweden on 12 March.

Some media for the 2018 Games in the UK is on the BBC Sport website and app and on BBC Radio 5 live. The competition was also broadcast on television on Channel 4.

Germany at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Germany sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. There were 19 people from Germany competing in South Korea. 10 were women and 9 were men. They competed in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing and wheelchair curling. Germany tried to go to the Winter Paralympics in sledge hockey. The team needed to win some competitions. Because they lost, they could not go to South Korea. Sports leaders from Germany were not happy Russia was allowed to compete at the Games. Para-Nordic skier Andrea Eskau went to her sixth Paralympic Games in 2018.

There were 19 people from Germany competing in South Korea. They are competing in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing and wheelchair curling. The team has 10 women and 9 men. There were 9 people going to their first Paralympic Games. The team was named by the German Disabled Sports Association 38 days before the Games started. The Chef-de-Mission was Karl Quade. People thought Germany should win a lot of medals at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. They thought this because Germany sent 13 people to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. These 13 people won 15 total medals.

Germany tried to go to the Winter Paralympics in sledge hockey. The team needed to win some competitions. Because they lost them, they could not go to South Korea.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Germany") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Before the 2018 Winter Paralympics, German Disabled Sports Association President Julius Beucher and Chef-de-Mission was Karl Quade were not happy. The International Paralympic Committee said some Russians could go to South Korea to compete. Beucher and Quade did not like this. They questioned if the sportspeople from Russia were "clean". They wanted a Winter Paralympics where there was no doping.

Anna Schaffelhuber is one of the best people for Germany at the Winter Paralympics. She competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. She won 5 gold medals in 5 races. She goes to Pyeongchang looking to defend her crown.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Marie Bochet from France won gold in the women's downhill standing.  Andrea Rothfuss from Germany won silver.  Mollie Jepsen from Canada won bronze. Anna Schaffelhuber of Germany won gold in the women's downhill sitting race.  Momoka Murakoa of Japan won silver.  Laurie Stephens of the United States won bronze. In the women's Super-G standing race, Marie Bochet of France won gold, Andrea Rothfuss of Germany won silver, and Alana Ramsay of Canada won bronze. In the women's Super-G sitting race, Anna Schaffelhuber of Germany won gold, Claudia Loesch of Austria won silver, and Momoka Muraoka of Japan won bronze.

Martin Fleig and Anja Wicker both were members of the Germany team at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi. Before the start of the 2018 Games, people thought they could win medals. Wicker won 2 medals in biathlon at earlier Paralympic Games. Clara Klug is blind. Her first Paralympic Games were in 2018. Before they left for Pyeongchang, Wicker gave Klug advice about the Paralympics.

Before South Korea, Andrea Eskau went to 5 Paralympic Games. These were the 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics for cycling, and the 2006, 2010, 2014 Winter Paralympics for para-Nordic skiing.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.


In cross country skiing's women's 12 km sitting race, Kendall Gretsch of the United States won gold, Andrea Eskau of Germany won silver, and Oksana Masters of the United States won bronze.
The team starts playing on 10 March. They play Sweden on 13 March.

Georgia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Georgia sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The team has two people who are competing in para-Nordic skiing. One is a man and one is a woman.

Georgia leaves to go to Pyeongchang on March 6. Georgia, North Korea and Tajikstan are the three countries making their first appearance Winter Paralympics.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Georgia") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Temuri Dadiani competes in three sports: cycling, wheelchair fencing and para-Nordic skiing. He competed in cycling at the 2017 Invictus Games. He has a Guinness World Record. It is for doing 44 push-ups in one minute. Dadiani was in the military. While an officer in Afghanistan in August 2011, he was hit by a landmine. Doctors amputated both his legs.

Nino Sabashvili had a goal of winning a Paralympic medal. Her first sport is para-armwrestling. The sport is not on the program for the Summer or Winter Paralympic Games. She started para-Nordic skiing so she could compete in a sport that is on the program. She is very good at para-armwrestling. At the 2016 World Para Armwrestling Championships in Blagoevgrad, Bulgaria, she won two silver medals.

France at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

France sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. There will be twelve people from France. Four people from France competed in para-snowboarding. Five people competed in para-alpine skiing. Six skiers and 2 guide skiers competed in para-alpine skiing. Marie Bochet was chosen to carry the flag during the Opening Ceremony.

People from France went to the 2018 Winter Paralympics in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing and para-snowboarding. People on the team were Benjamin Daviet and Cécile Hernandez. Marie Bochet was chosen to carry the flag during the Opening Ceremony. She was chosen 100 days before the 2018 Games started. The first people were included on the team in September 2017. The list included Thomas Clarion. The team has 12 people.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team France") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Before the 2018 Winter Paralympics, France was seventh for having the most Winter Paralympic medals.  They had won 52 gold medals, 47 silver medals and 52 gold medals.  Of these 151 medals, 12 were won at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. France won 5 gold medals, 3 silver medals and 4 bronze medals in Sochi.  They ranked fifth for medals.

There were 5 skiers from France. They were Arthur Bauchet, Marie Bochet, Jordan Broisin, Frederic François and Yohann Taberlet. Bochet had already gone to four Winter Paralympic Games before South Korea. Bochet competes in women's standing alpine skiing.  She won gold at the 2017 Para Alpine World Championships in the Super-G and super combined.  She won four medals at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.  She also was first at the end of four World Cup seasons in the overall category.

At the 9 January 2018 World Cup in Zagreb, François won gold in the men's sitting slalom race. At 41-years-old, it was his first World Cup victory. It also made him one of the oldest people to win a World Cup event. Bochet went to Slovenia in January 2018. She competed in the World Cup in Kranjska Gora.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program was Super-G. All skiers raced between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Marie Bochet from France won gold in the women's downhill standing.  Andrea Rothfuss from Germany won silver.  Mollie Jepsen from Canada won bronze. Theo Gmur won a gold medal in the men's downhill standing race.  Arthur Bauchet of France won silver.  Markus Salcher of Austria won bronze. In the women's Super-G standing race, Marie Bochet of France won gold, Andrea Rothfuss of Germany won silver, and Alana Ramsay of Canada won bronze. In the men's Super-G standing race, Theo Gmur of Switzerland won gold, Arthur Bauchet of France won silver, and Markus Salcher of Austria won bronze. In the men's Super-G sitting race, Kurt Oatway of Canada won gold, Andrew Kurka of the United States won silver, and Frederic Francois of France won bronze.

Benjamin Daviet was at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. He did not win a medal. His best finish was seventh. The first medal he won at a major competition was in 2017 at a race in Finsterau.

Thomas Dubois first represented France at racing at the 2017 World Cup in Ukraine. Before that, he was the French junior champion in biathlon and cross-country skiing. He finished second in biathlon and cross-country skiing at the senior French championships. Dubois became blind when he was an 8-year-old because of a genetic disorder. He needs to ski with a guide skier. Unlike other countries, Fédération française handisport does not give money to guide skiers to help blind skiers with the cost of competing. To get the right to go to and practice for the Winter Paralympics, it cost €21,000. Dubois had to raise money to be able to pay for that. Maubourguet Lions Club helped Dubois get the money for the Winter Paralympics.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

In the men's 7.5 km standing race,  Benjamin Daviet of France won gold, Mark Arendz won silver and Ihor Reptyukh of Ukraine won bronze.

There were 3 snowboarders from France at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Snowboarders from France went to Pirineo at the last part of January 2018 to get ready for the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Cécile Hernandez was one of the snowboarders from France. She went to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. It was the first Paralympics for Montaggioni and Roulet. Hernandez and Roulet have arm disabilities. Montaggioni has a problem with her legs. They are coached by Olivier Noiret and Marcos Lorenzo.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

Finland at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Finland sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. They competed in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing, para-snowboarding and wheelchair curling.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Finland") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Santeri Kiiveri finished sixth at the 2017 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships in the super combined.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Sini Pyy went to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. Ilkka Tuomisto competed at the 2006, 2010 and 2014 Winter Paralympics.  He won a silver medal at the 2017 World Championships in the 20 kilometer race. Inkki Inola is competing in his first Paralympic Games in South Korea.  He is blind. His guide skier is Vili Sormunen. Rudolf Klemetti is a blind skier.  He competed at the 2002, 2010 and 2014 Winter Paralympics.  His guide skier is Jaakko Kallunki. Juha Härkönen went to the 2014 Winter Paralympics.  The 2018 Winter Paralympics are his second Games.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

Matti Suur-Hamari competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. He won two gold medals at the 2017 World Para Snowboarding Championships in the men’s cross and banked slalom SB-LL2. Earlier this year, Suur-Hamari also won the men’s cross and banked slalom SB-LL2 events at World Cups in Landgraaf and Pyha. Before the Games, the people who will make it hard for Suur-Hamari to medal in South Korea were thought to be Americans Evan Strong and Mike Shea, and Gurimu Narita of Japan. Matti Sairanen is competing at his first Paralympic Games in South Korea.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

In November 2017, Finland played in a tournament in Estonia.  They finished third.  Estonia was first, and Latvia was second. Neither Estonia nor Latvia are going to the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

Sari Karjalainen competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. Vesa Leppänen is going to his first Games in South Korea. Markku Karjalainen went to the 2014 Winter Paralympics.  He also competed in the 1992 Summer Paralympics. Riitta Särösalo is competing in her first Games in 2018. Yrjö Jääskeläinen is also competing at this first Paralympics in South Korea. Skip Sari Karjalainen is married to fourth player Markku Karjalainen.

Wheelchair curling competition starts on 10 March. On 14 March, Finland plays against Sweden.

Denmark at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Denmark sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. There will be at least one person competing in para-snowboarding.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Denmark") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
In autumn of 2017, responsibility for sending a team to the Paralympics was changed from Parasport Denmark, the National Paralympic Committee of Denmark, to National Olympic Committee and Sports Confederation of Denmark (DIF). The decision was made because people wanted to make Olympic and Paralympic sport more equal. Niels Christiansen, secretary general of Parasport Denmark, said, "We are very happy with the move, and we look forward to working together with DIF. The Paralympics and the development and preparation of world class Para-athletes is still very much a focal point of our work in Parasport Denmark, but allowing DIF to take the reigns sends an important message and hopefully it will lead to even more Paralympic success for Denmark." Despite this change, Parasport Denmark was still in charge of preparing to send a team to the Winter Paralympic Games.

Denmark first went to the Winter Paralympics in 1980 in Geilo.  Before South Korea, they had won a total of two gold medals, one silver medal and three bronze medals at the Winter Games. Both of their gold medals and all of their bronze medals were won by para-Nordic blind skier Anne-Mette Bredahl. Her gold medals were in the biathlon 7.5 kilometres free technique B 1-3 race. The last time the country won a medal at the 1994 Winter Paralympics. Denmark sends few people to the Winter Paralympics.  They sent six people to the 2006 Winter Paralympics, and two people to the 2010 and 2014 Games.

Daniel Wagner is a two sport competitor. He was part of the Denmark team at the 2016 Summer Paralympics, where he won a gold medal. Wagner was the world champion in the long jump.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March. It starts at 10:30 AM and goes to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March. It goes from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM. Men and women in all classes are racing at that time.

Czech Republic at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Czech Republic sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. People are competing two sports: para-alpine skiing and sledge hockey. There were 24 sportspeople, 16 support people and 4 administrators. First allocated four sports in para-alpine skiing, the country won two more spots and are sending six skiers. The sledge hockey team goes to South Korea after qualifying at a tournament in Sweden. They had financial difficulties before the Winter Paralympics because of corruption in sports funding. This made it more difficult to train and compete for the 2018 Games.

In June 2017, the Executive Committee of the Czech Paralympic Committee (ČPV) was told by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) they had been given four spots to send people to the 2018 Winter Paralympics to compete in para-alpine skiing. Three of these spots were for men, and one was for a woman. Patrik Hetmer was the first skier to be nominated for inclusion on the 2018 team going to Pyeongchang. In September 2017, Pavel Bambousek, Miroslav Lidinský and Anna Pešková seemed to be the most likely skiers to be named to the team in para-alpine skiing. The full team was named by the ČPV on 6 February 2018. It included people in two sports: para-alpine skiing and sledge hockey. There were 24 sportspeople, 16 support people and 4 administrators. Anička Pešková was the only woman representing the Czech Republic in Pyeongchang. The team included 6 alpine-skiers and their 2 guides. Tomáš Vaverka, who competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in snowboarding, was selected to compete in para-alpine skiing.

The group was scheduled to fly to South Korea on 3 March 2018.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Czech Republic") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

In June 2017, the Executive Committee of the Czech Paralympic Committee (ČPV) was told by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) they had been given four spots to send people to the 2018 Winter Paralympics to compete in para-alpine skiing. Three of these spots were for men, and one was for a woman. In September 2017, Pavel Bambousek, Miroslav Lidinský and Anna Pešková seemed to be the most likely skiers to be named to the team in para-alpine skiing.

The team had a training camp in early autumn 2017 on the glaciers in the Czech Republic. This was to prepare for their first races, which took place in November in Landgraaf, Netherlands. After that, the team went Pitztal to race.

Health Care in the Hradec Králové supported Czech para-alpine skiers before Winter Games. This program was supervised by Deputy Governor for Health Care Ing. Aleš Cabicar. Shesaid, "The project of the handicapped skiers center is known, especially their teaching program, which they realize in the Krkonoše Mountains. I am very glad that successful athletes are being prepared in our region to achieve great results. When the representatives of the Center approached me with the request for support and support, I did not hesitate and I am glad that the Hradec Králové Region is one of the partners of the Czech representatives."

Patrik Hetmer was the first skier to be nominated for inclusion on the 2018 team going to Pyeongchang. He competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. Hetmer has a vision impairment. The blind skier races with guide skier Miroslav Máčka. Anička Pešková was the only woman representing the Czech Republic in Pyeongchang. The blind skier is accompanied by her guide skier, Michaela Hubačová. Pešková won a medal at the 2010 Winter Paralympics. She returned to alpine-skiing in 2017 after taking maternity leave. Benjamínek Tadeáš Kříž is racing in South Korea with guide skier Radim Nevrlý. Tomáš Vaverka, who competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in snowboarding, was selected to compete in para-alpine skiing.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

The team had a goal of winning a bronze at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. They thought their biggest competition would be the United States and Canada. It was the third time the Czech Republic had gone to the Winter Paralympics. Their first appearance at the Winter Games was in 2010. They went again in 2014.

Defensemen Pavel Doležal and Karel Wagner are going to their first games. The other defensemen were all part of the team that went to Sochi. Michal Geier, Zdeněk Hábl, Zdeněk Krupička, Zdeněk Šafránek, David Palat, David Motyčka, Zdeněk Klíma and Martin Novák are the centers and wingers, playing in the attacking positions. The team is coached by Jiří Bříza. He has been leading the team since 2013. Jan Katauer is an assistance coach, and Jakub Novotny is the goaltender coach.
In the two years before the start of the Winter Games, the sledge hockey team dealt with financial difficulties. Corruption in the Czech Republic involving subsidies for sport resulted in the national team getting less money to support their training and ability to compete in tournaments. FAČR Chairman Miroslav Pelta was arrested as part of the corruption issues. About the corruption, team captain Zdeněk Šafránek said, "The subsidy scandal has radically reduced the amount we receive. For the sake of illustration, the Czech Paralympic Committee has now gotten less money than last year's sledge hockey players, and it has to be divided into a lot of sports." The team could not buy time to use ice at skating rinks to train much before their final qualifying competition in Sweden. They also could not buy new equipment like sledges, hockey sticks or hockey gloves. To make sure they were ready to qualify, the captain thought the team needed around 1 million Czech Koruna () to pay for all the costs of training and traveling. Because they could not get funding from the government, players had to ask individuals to support them financially.

The team went to Nagano to compete in a tournament in February 2018 to prepare for the Games.

Japan, Sweden and the Czech Republic were the last 3 teams that were able to go to the 2018 Games. They could go because of how they finished at the Qualification Tournament in October in Ostersund, Sweden in October 2017. Teams participating in the tournament included Sweden, Germany, Slovakia, Japan and Great Britain.

The United States, South Korea, the Czech Republic and Japan were in Group B for the sledge hockey competition. They play South Korea on 11 March. They play the United States on 12 March. The Czech Republic plays Japan on 13 March.

Some of the Paralympics would be broad on television by ČT TV and ČT Sport. Live streaming of the Winter Games was also made available free on ČT Sport's website.

Croatia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Croatia sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. One person representing Croatia is para-alpine skier Dino Sokolovič. He stopped skiing in 2016 for 20 months because of an injury.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Croatia") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Dino Sokolovič is a standing skier. He was injured in 2016. Because of the injury, he did not ski for 20 months.

Dino Sokolovič went to Slovenia in January 2018. He competed in the World Cup in Kranjska Gora. After 20 months away from skiing because of an injury, he won his first race at Kranjska Gora.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

China at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

China sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. China had never won a medal at the Winter Paralympics prior to the start of the 2018 Winter Games. They have a team competing in wheelchair curling.

China had never won a medal at the Winter Paralympics prior to the start of the 2018 Winter Games. The best finish they had was fourth at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.  Their wheelchair curling team finished fourth.  China's best individual finish was also in 2014. Peng Yuanyuan finished fifth in the  women's cross-country skiing 5 km classic style standing.

15 National Paralympic Committees and the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation signed a letter expressing support for the National Paralympic Committee of Russia in August 2017.  The countries included Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Vietnam, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, China, Laos, Moldova, Mongolia, Serbia, Tajikistan, Montenegro, and South Korea.  They asked the IPC Governing Board to consider letting Russia compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.  The letter was signed weeks before the IPC Governing Board met in Abu Dhabi. In September 2017, this decision was reviewed and upheld. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) still had concerns about doping in Russian sport. All the conditions the IPC required of the Russians were not met.

The team starts playing on 10 March when they go against Sweden.

Chile at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Chile sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. There were 4 people in para-alpine skiing. The skiers went to races to be allowed to go to South Korea. Starting in November 2017, they went to 15 races in Europe, the United States and Canada to get ready. Santiago Vega went to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. Nicolás Bisquert, Diego Seguel and Julio Soto were going to their first Paralympic Games.

Chile had 4 people at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. In the past, Diego Seguel was part of Team Chile at competitions around the world in another sport: para-athletics. All four had 220 points by February 2018.  They needed to have 220 total points or more in the time between when the 2014 Winter Paralympics ended and February 2018. Vega competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics for Chile. He was the only member of the team to do that. The 2018 Games will be the first for Bisquert, Seguel and Soto.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Chile") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

The skiers go to Pyeongchang wanting to do better than they did in the past. Chile competed in para-alpine skiing at the 2002, 2006, 2010 and 2014 Winter Paralympics. The best finish they had was in 2010 when Patricio Morande finished fourteenth in the giant slalom. The coach is Carlos Torres. The team practiced for South Korea at the La Parva Ski Center in Chile. When at La Parva, they lived at the Ski Chile Hotel in Farellones. They worked together for over 170 days before leaving for the Winter Paralympics. From November 2017 to February 2018, they went to 15 races in Europe, the United States and Canada . They also had national team training camps.

Soto went to competition in North America in January 2018. In the Giant Slalom race, he had a time of 1 minute and 31 seconds and finished sixth. Because of his finish, Soto went to South Korea and was able to compete in the Giant Slalom race. At the same competition in Winter Park, Bisquertt finished first in the Giant Slalom race.  He beat world champion Corey Peters in the race. Soto was able to compete in the Slalom because of a race in 2017 where he was fifth. He was the first person from Chile who could go to the South Korea. Soto said he wanted to finish in the top 20 in the Slalom race in Pyeongchang.

When he was 9-years-old, Soto went to school. He had pain in his legs. He was later told by doctors he had osteosarcoma, a type of bone cancer. To fix it, doctors needed to amputate one of his legs. He played sports as part of his rehabilitation. After he finished university, he became a Level 1 Ski Instructor class at the National Ski School. In 2015, he became of part of Team Chile and represented his country in ski races around the world.

Bisquertt went to a ski race in Winter Park in January 2018 with other people from Chile. Because of past races, he could go to South Korea in two events. After his races in Winter Park, he could go to Pyeongchang for the Super G. In January 2018, Bisquertt said he wanted to win a medal at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

Bisquertt had a motorcycle accident when he was a 14-year-old. The accident fractured his spine.

Before the 2018 Winter Paralympics, Diego Seguel went to a ski race in January 2018 in Winter Park. He finished third in the Giant Slalom. It was the first time he finished in the top three places at an international ski race. Because of his finishes in Winter Park, he could go to the South Korea in the slalom and giant slalom races.

In 2002, Diego Seguel had a snowboarding accident. He was 17-years-old. He got a disability because the accident hurt his spine. One year after the accident, he started doing para-alpine skiing using a mono-ski. He has competed for Chile every year since 2011.

United States at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

The United States sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The team is competing in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing, para-snowboarding, sledge hockey and wheelchair curling. It has 63 people.

The World Para Alpine Skiing World Cup Finals took place in Kimberly, British Columbia in February 2018. The event was the last one used to decide who would represent the United States at the 2018 Games. The team to go was announced on 20 February 2018. In the men's downhill sitting race, Andrew Kurka of the United States won gold. He also won a silver in the men's Super-G sitting race.

The last date that countries could nominate people for their para-Nordic skiing teams at the 2018 Games was 23 February 2018. Kendall Gretsch won two gold medals in the first two days of competition.  One was in biathlon's women's 6 km race.  The other was in cross country skiing's women's 12 km sitting race. Daniel Cnossen won two medals in the first two days of competition.  His first was a gold in the men's 7.5 km sitting biathlon race.  His second was a silver in cross country skiing's men's 15 km sitting race.

The World Para Snowboard World Cup Finals in Big White, British Columbia took place in February 2018. The event was the final one used to decide who would represent the United States at the 2018 Games. On February 20, the names of the U.S. Paralympic Snowboarding Team were made public.

The USA finished in the first four at the 2017 Sledge Hockey World Championships.  This was why they could compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. The United States, South Korea, the Czech Republic and Japan were in Group B for the sledge hockey competition.

Before the Games started, American wheelchair curlers had a few important dates in preparation for the Games. These included the U.S. Open in Utica, New York in December 2017, the Kisakallio Cup in Kisakallio, Finland in January 2018, and Sochi Open in January 2018. They started play on 10 March.

The country has the largest team among all nations. It has 63 people. New Zealand, Sweden and the United States were the first countries to name people to their teams. The people won their places by November 2017.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team USA") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

The World Para Alpine Skiing World Cup Finals took place in Kimberly, British Columbia in February 2018. The event was the last one used to decide who would represent the United States at the 2018 Games. 19 February 2018 was the deadline for American alpine skiers to get 2017-18 season race points in at least one race to be eligible to represent the United States at the Paralympic Games. The team to go was announced on 20 February 2018.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Anna Schaffelhuber of Germany won gold in the women's downhill sitting race.  Momoka Muraoka of Japan won silver.  Laurie Stephens of the United States won bronze. In the men's downhill sitting race, Andrew Kurka of the United States won gold, Taiki Morri of Japan won silver and Corey Peters of New Zealand won bronze. In the men's Super-G sitting race, Kurt Oatway of Canada won gold, Andrew Kurka of the United States won silver, and Frederic Francois of France won bronze.

In December 2017, the World Para Nordic Skiing World Cup took place in Canmore, Alberta. The World Para Nordic Skiing World Cup in Oberried, Germany took place in January 2018. The last date that countries could nominate people for their teams at the 2018 Games was 23 February 2018.

Blind skier Danelle Umstead is married to her guide skier, Rob Umstead. The two call themselves "Vision4Gold". Umstead is one of the few mothers competing in South Korea. Oksana Masters was born in 1989 in the Ukraine, near the Chernobyl site. Her disability was because of the radiation from the accident in 1986. When she was 7-years-old, she was adopted by a woman from the United States who said she should play sports. Masters tried very hard, and later went to the 2012 Summer Paralympics where she competed in adapted rowing. After the 2012 Games, she had pain in her back and changed to para-Nordic skiing.

Cross country skiing events take place on 10, 11, 14, 17 and 18 of March.  Biathlon events take place on 10, 13 and 16 of March. On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

Dan Cnossen won the first gold medal for the United States in biathlon. He won gold in the men's 7.5 km sitting race.

In the women's 6 km biathlon sitting race,  Kendall Gretsch of the United States won gold, Oksana Masters won silver and Lidziya Hrafeyeva of Belarus won bronze.
In cross country skiing's men's 15 km sitting race, Maksym Yarovyi of Ukraine won gold, Daniel Cnossen of the United States won silver, and Sin Eui Hyun won bronze.

In cross country skiing's women's 12 km sitting race, Kendall Gretsch of the United States won gold, Andrea Eskau of Germany won silver, and Oksana Masters of the United States won bronze.

The World Para Snowboard World Cup Finals in Big White, British Columbia took place in February 2018. The event was the final one used to decide who would represent the United States at the 2018 Games. To be eligible to represent the United States at the Paralympic Games, American snowboarders had to get season race points in at least one race in the 2017-18 season. The deadline to get the points was 19 February 2018. On February 20, the names of the U.S. Paralympic Snowboarding Team were made public.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

The USA finished in the first four at the 2017 Sledge Hockey World Championships.  This was why they could compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. They went to South Korea after winning a gold medal in sledge hockey at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.

The United States went to the 2018 Winter Paralympics looking to win their third consecutive Paralympic gold, having claimed gold at the 2010 and 2014 Winter Paralympics. Canada was thought to be their biggest competitor. They had won three consecutive gold medals at the World Championships, with their most recent gold at the 2017 World Championships A-Pool.

The United States national sledge hockey team played in several tournaments and friendly games to get ready for the Winter Paralympics. The team played in the December 2017 World Sled Hockey Challenge in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. They played in the Para Ice Hockey International Tournament in Turin, Italy in January 2018. They also played in the 2018 Border Series in Buffalo, New York and Pt. Colborne, Ontario in February 2018.

19-year-old Brody Roybal is from Chicago. He was part of the United States national sledge hockey team at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. He won a gold medal at those games. He started playing sledge hockey in 2006. He was born with a congenital, bilateral amputation.

Joe Misiewicz will be competing at his first Paralympic Games in Pyeongchang as a 29-year-old. When he was with the 1st Battalion 5th Marines in Afghanistan, he was injured. This happened during a patrol, when his vehicle hit an improvised explosive devise. Because of injury, he is a double above-knee amputee.

Chicagoan Kevin McKee also was part of the United States national sledge hockey team at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. Competing with the team, he won a gold medal in Sochi. in 2018, he was ranked third on the national team. This was based on his performance at the World Sled Hockey Challenge in December 2017. McKee has sacral agenesis. He was born with this disorder.

The United States, South Korea, the Czech Republic and Japan were in Group B for the sledge hockey competition. They played against Japan on 10 March. They play against the Czech Republic on 11 March. They play against South Korea on 12 March.

The national team first decided who might be part of the national team in September 2017 in Incheon, South Korea. The second time when the national team said some people may not be able to go was at an event in Green Bay, Wisconsin in October 2017. The final choice of who would be on Team USA for the 2018 Games was made at USA National Team event in Wausau, Wisconsin in early November 2017.

Before the Games started, American wheelchair curlers had a few important dates in preparation for the Games. These included the U.S. Open in Utica, New York in December 2017, the Kisakallio Cup in Kisakallio, Finland in January 2018, and Sochi Open in January 2018.

They started playing on 10 March. They played against Sweden on 11 March.

Uzbekistan at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Uzbekistan sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Only one skier from Uzbekistan was selected to go. Yokutkhon Kholbekova () is going to compete in para-Nordic skiing. Saodat Numanova was selected to referee para-alpine skiing events. 2018 is the second time for Uzbekistan going to the Winter Paralympics.

Skiers from Uzbekistan were invited to the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Yokutkhon Kholbekova () was the only skier selected. She competed in para-Nordic skiing. Saodat Numanova was selected to referee para-alpine skiing events.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Uzbekistan") in the 2018 games.

Uzbekistan first went to the Winter Paralympic Games in 2014. They sent 2 sportspeople. Ramil Gayazov was the only one who competed. They did not win any medals.

Yokutkhon Kholbekova went to a World Cup event in January 2018. She also competes in para-athletics events, participating in national championships in Uzbekistan.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place. Standing and vision impaired women race started at 10:00 PM. The sprint classic qualification took place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It was followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race took place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race took place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

Ukraine at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Ukraine sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. People from Ukraine competed in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing and para-snowboarding. The National Paralympic Committee of Ukraine, Ministry of Youth and Sports of Ukraine and Lifecell helped the team go to the Winter Paralympics. They gave the team money, clothes and mobile phones. They also gave money to pay for people to practice for their races.

On the first day of competition, Anatolii Kovalevskyi, Liudmyla Liashenko, Vitaliy Luk'yanenko, Ihor Reptyukh and Oksana Shyshkova all won medals in the biathlon. The Government of Ukraine gives monetary awards to Paralympic Games medalists. For the 2018 Winter Paralympics, dold medalists get USD$125,000, silver medalists get USD$80,000 and bronze medalists get USD$55,000.

The first time Ukraine sent people to the Winter Paralympics was in 1998. At the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Ukraine was the fourth country by total medals won. People from Ukraine went to Pyeongchang to compete in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing and para-snowboarding.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Ukraine") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Help for the team was given by the National Paralympic Committee of Ukraine, Ministry of Youth and Sports of Ukraine and a mobile phone company named Lifecell.

The government of the Ukraine gave money to the national team for the 2018 Winter Paralympics. The money was for clothes, footwear and accessories for competition, and the opening and closing of the 2018 Paralympics. The government gave people UAH 20.2 million in 2017 to practice for the Winter Paralympics. In 2018, the government gave people UAH 10.27 million.

Lifecell gave mobile phones to members of the team. The phones could be used in Pyeongchang by people from the Ukraine for free.

People from Ukraine thought the best luck to win a medal was in the biathlon.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

In the men's 7.5 km standing race,  Benjamin Daviet of France won gold, Mark Arendz won silver and Ihor Reptyukh of Ukraine won bronze. In the men's 7.5 km visually impaired race,  Vitaliy Luk'yanenko of Ukraine won gold, Yury Holub of Belarus won silver and Anatolii Kovalevskyi of Ukraine won bronze. In the women's 6 km biathlon standing race,  Ekaterina Rumyantseva won gold, Anna Milenina won silver, and Liudmyla Liashenko of Ukraine won bronze. In the women's 6 km biathlon visually impaired race,  Mikhalina Lysova won gold,  Oksana Shyshkova of Ukraine won silver and Sviatlana Sakhanenka of Belarus won bronze.

In cross country skiing's men's 15 km sitting race, Maksym Yarovyi of Ukraine won gold, Daniel Cnossen of the United States won silver, and Sin Eui Hyun won bronze.

Ukrainian sportspeople who win a Paralympic medal get money from the government as part of an work of the government to bring dignity and make life better for Paralympians compared to Ukrainian Olympians. Gold medalists get USD$125,000. Silver medalists get USD$80,000. Bronze medalists get USD$55,000.

Turkey at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Turkey sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The country sent one person, alpine skier Mehmet Çekiç. Turkey tried to qualify in other sports, like wheelchair curling. They just were unable to win spots to the Games. Turkey only made its first Winter Paralympics appearance at the 2014 Games.

In December 2017, the National Paralympic Committee of Turkey said one person would go to Pyeongchang. Alpine skier Mehmet Çekiç was the person selected. The National Paralympic Committee provided Çekiç with all the resources he needed. This was done with assistance from Turkey's national ski federation. The country wanted to send more people to South Korea for the Games. People had problems with qualifications for the Games. The President of the National Paralympic Committee of Turkey said they wanted to send more people to the 2022 Winter Paralympics. They would work hard to make that happen. Financial problems and being responsibility for 18 sports made securing more positions for Pyeongchang difficult.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Turkey") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Turkey tried to go to the 2018 Winter Paralympics in wheelchair curling. Turkey Physically Disabled Sports Federation Wheelchair Curling was created a year before the ability to get the right to go by winning the Wheelchair Curling World Championships B Tournament. The team had many problems, and did not do well. They did not the earn the right to compete. The team was coached by Gökçe Ulugay. It included wheelchair curlers Züleyha Bingöl, Kenan Coşkun, Serpil Arslan , Mesut Güle and Turan Akalın. The competition was the first international tournament Turkey participated in.

Skiers from Turkey also tried to get the right to go to Pyeongchang. Like wheelchair curlers in Turkey, the skiers had many challenges. They were not able to get the right to compete.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Turkey went to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. It was the first time Turkey competed at the Winter Paralympics. The Winter Sports division of the National Paralympic Committee was created in 2012. This was two years before the start of the 2014 Winter Paralympics. Esat Hilmi Bayindir earned the right to go. Because of a process to help countries that are underrepresented at the Paralympics, Mehmet Çekiç was invited to participate. This process is called Bipartite Invitation. Esat Hilmi Bayindir was in a traffic accident. Because of this, he has a disability. At the time of the 2014 Winter Paralympics, the skier was living in the United States. He started skiing in 1982. Mehmet Çekiç started skiing in France in 2011. In 2013, Çekiç went to alpine skiing competition in France and Italy. Because of a traffic accident in 2009, he has a disability. After the 2014 Winter Paralympics, Turkey hoped they could go to the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

The only authorized ticket seller in Turkey for the Paralympic Games was Setur.

Switzerland at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Switzerland sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Switzerland has a team of 31 people. Only 13 are sportspeople. They are competing in three sports: para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing and wheelchair curling.

The team has 13 people. They are competing in three sports: para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing and wheelchair curling. 18 other people are part of the team. They include coaches, administrators and sport officials. The flag bearer for the Opening Ceremonies is Felix Wagner. Luana Bergamin is the Chef-de-Mission. Bergamin said he wants Switzerland to win 3 medals at the 2018 Games.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Switzerland") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Switzerland and Germany share a meeting place during the Winter Paralympics. It is called "Maison des Alpes". Fans, sportspeople, journalists and other people can go there and talk. The place includes a Swiss restaurant.

Christoph Kunz went to Pyeongchang with 2 gold medals. He won them at earlier Winter Paralympic Games.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program was Super-G. All skiers will raced between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Theo Gmur won a gold medal in the men's downhill standing race.  Arthur Bauchet of France won silver.  Markus Salcher of Austria won bronze. In the men's Super-G standing race, Theo Gmur of Switzerland won gold, Arthur Bauchet of France won silver, and Markus Salcher of Austria won bronze.

The Switzerland national wheelchair curling team members are Felix Wagner, Claudia Hüttenmoser-Pfister, Marcel Bodenmann, Beatrix Blauel, and Hans Burgener. Wagner is the skip. They won the 2016 Wheelchair Curling World Championships. This won them the right to go to the 2018 Winter Paralympics. To get ready for the Games, the team played in 5 international tournaments. They took place in Copenhagen, Wetzikon, Stirling in Scotland, Richmond in British Columbia, and Ottawa. B. Braun Medical SA is the team's sponsor.

Wheelchair curling competition started on 10 March. Switzerland plays against Sweden on 15 March.

Sweden at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Sweden sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The team has 22 people. They are competing in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing, sledge hockey and wheelchair curling. The Games are being shown on television on SVT.

22 people from Sweden competed in the 2018 Winter Paralympics. People are competing in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing, sledge hockey and wheelchair curling. New Zealand, Sweden and the United States were the first countries to name people to their teams after sportspeople won spots by November 2017. The first person named to the team was para-Nordic skier Zebastian Modin.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Sweden") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
People from Sweden went to the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia. Of the 22 total people, 18 were men and 4 were women. They won 1 gold medal, 2 silver medals and 1 bronze medal.

People from Sweden were critical of anti-doping work planned for the 2018 Winter Olympics and Paralympics. They did not like the fact that anti-doping officials were not being paid.

Aaron Lindström made the team for the 2018 Games when he was a 17-year-old. He was the first alpine skier to be named to the team for Sweden. He competes in the slalom, giant slalom and Super G races.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Zebastian Modin has problems seeing, and uses a guide skier. Before South Korea, he competed at the 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver and the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi. He won a bronze medal in 2010, and  two silver medals and a bronze medal in 2014.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

Japan, Sweden and the Czech Republic were the last 3 teams that were able to go to the 2018 Games. They could go because of how they finished at the Qualification Tournament in October in Ostersund, Sweden in October 2017.

Canada, Norway, Italy and Sweden were in Group A for the sledge hockey competition. Sweden's first game is on 10 March against Canada. They play against Italy on 12 March. They play against Norway on 13 March.

The Swedish national wheelchair curling team includes Viljo Petersson Dahl, Kristina Ulander, Ronny Persson, Zandra Reppe and Mats-Ola Engborg. The team starts playing on 10 March when they compete against China. They play the United States on 11 March. They play Slovakia on 12 March. They play Great Britain on 12 March. They play Norway and Germany on 13 March. On 14 March, they play against Finland and South Korea.

The Games are being shown on television on SVT.

Spain at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Spain sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The team from Spain had 4 people. They included 2 snowboarders and 2 skiers. Blind skier Jon Santacana and guide skier Miguel Galindo Garces competed at the Paralympics before in 2002, 2006, 2010 and the 2014. Astrid Fina Paredes went to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. Snowboarder Víctor González will be going to his first Paralympic Games.

Spain sent 4 people to the 2018 Winter Paralympics. They were snowboards and alpine skiers. The team went to an event in Madrid on 26 February 2018 in Madrid. After the event, they went to South Korea.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Spain") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Traditionally, the United States, Canada, Germany, Switzerland, New Zealand, Norway and Sweden have been the best countries at the Winter Paralympics. Spain has not sent many people, and has not won many medals. One of the reasons is that there are not many places to ski, and it is very expensive. This discourages people from trying winter sports. Paralympic sports are also treated the same as women's sports in Spain. They are hidden away, and the media gives little coverage to the sporting accomplishments of its elite Paralympic sportspeople. While Olympic people have guaranteed money because of Plan ADO, Paralympic people get much less money from Plan ADOP. The money they get is also much less secure, changing from year to year. This makes it difficult for Spanish Paralympic people to plan in advance their practice and competition calendar. Olympic people get money for the year. Paralympic people only get money for a month. The next month, they may not get any money from Plan ADOP. While Spain has a lot of people with disabilities, only 0.5% have a sports license.

There were some issues related to clothing making Joma sponsoring the Winter Paralympic team. The company already sponsored the 2018 Spanish Winter Olympic team. This started during preparations for the 2016 Summer Paralympics. Joma wanted to provide clothing for only some members of the Spanish team going to Rio de Janeiro. They did not want to provide clothes for the Opening and Closing Ceremonies of the Summer Paralympics. The company cited a lack of commercial visibility for the Paralympic Games as the reason they wanted to do this. While Joma was not providing clothing for all team members for all parts of the Summer Paralympics, the company created advertising saying they were official sponsors of the team. The Spanish Paralympic Committee did not consider them to be sponsors as they were not providing everyone with clothing. They asked Joma to stop what they thought was deceptive advertising. The Spanish Paralympic Committee also considered taking legal action against Joma. The Summer Paralympics became the first Paralympic Games in 20 years where the Spanish Olympic and Paralympic teams did not have the same clothing sponsor. This situation continued with the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

Jon Santacana competed at the 2002, 2006, 2010 and the 2014 Winter Paralympics with his guide, Miguel Galindo Garces. He won eight medals between 2002 and 2014 at the Paralympics. Three were gold. Three were silver. Two were bronze.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Spain sent two snowboarders to the Paralympic Games in South Korea. They were Astrid Fina Paredes and Víctor González. They are members of Federación Española de Deportes de Personas con Discapacidad Física, a sport organization for people with physical disabilities.

Astrid Fina Paredes went to the IPC World Cup 2017 in La Molina, Spain.  She won two silver medals.  The World Cup was part of her training for the 2018 Winter Paralympics.  In February 2017, she went to the IPC Para-Snowboarding World Championships in Big White, Canada. She finished fourth in the snowboard slalom race and fifth in the snowboard cross race. In 2017, she wanted to go to the 2018 Paralympic Games and win a medal. Her fear was she would get hurt. This would make it difficult to race and get a medal. She leaves for South Korea on 2 March 2018, with her first race on 12 March and her second one 15 March.

Astrid Fina Paredes was at the 2014 Winter Paralympics, with the 2018 Games being her second Games. At Sochi 2014, she finished sixth in snowboard cross. From Barcelona, Fina Paredes has a physical disability because of a traffic accident in 2009. In 2013, her leg was amputated. She started para-snowboarding that year. It was one year from when she start that she went to Sochi. Participating in snowboarding costs a lot of money. To continue to practice and compete in the southern hemisphere during 2016, she needed to rent out her apartment in Spain. Team Spain had no money to help her.

Víctor González was a snowboarder. He had an accident. Because of the accident, he got a disability in his legs. After the accident, he switched to para-snowboarding.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

The Government of Spain said there was 135,000 € total to give to Spanish sportspeople who won medals at the 2018 Games. If a person won a gold medal, they got up to 30,000 €.  If a person won a silver medal, they got up to 15,000 €.  A person with a bronze medal got up to 9,000 €. These totals have been criticized. At the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics, the government allocated 1,861,000 € for Olympic medalists but only 684,000 € to people who won medals at the Paralympics. The individual totals are still better than the past. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics, Olympic gold won a person 94,000 € but a gold medal at the Paralympics only won a person 10,000 €.

South Korea at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

South Korea sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. South Korea and North Korea will enter the Opening Ceremonies as one team, walking behind a unification flag. South Korea is competing in sledge hockey.

The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) said North Korea was going to participate in the Winter Games for the first time. The North Koreans will competing under a Korean unification flag like their delegation for the 2018 Winter Olympics did. This is the first time that North Korea went to the Winter Paralympics. The country had gone to the 2012 Summer Paralympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics. On 1 January 2018, Kim Jong-un said he wanted to have North Koreans competing at the 2018 Winter Olympics and Paralympics. North Koreans had a meeting with the IPC in Lusanne, Switzerland on 20 January 2018. At the meeting, North Korea and South Korea asked the IPC if they could compete as one team. On 27 February, the two countries met at a small village on the border with South Korea. They discussed how the two countries would compete together at the Winter Games. The Government of South Korea thinks the North going to the Games is important. They think it can reduce the tensions between the two countries.

South Korea wanted to win at the 2018 Winter Olympics and 2018 Winter Paralympics because they did not want to be as the Games were going to be South Korea. To do this, they looked around the world for coaches and people who could compete at the Games. They gave citizenship to 19 people for Team South Korea at the Olympics. They gave citizenship to one person for the Paralympics, but this person was not chosen to be part of the team that competed at the Paralympic Games.

The country has the fourth largest team among all nations. It has 36 people.

South Korea had a goal of winning four medals at the Games. They wanted to win one gold, one silver and two bronze medals.

15 National Paralympic Committees and the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation signed a letter expressing support for the National Paralympic Committee of Russia in August 2017. The countries included Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Vietnam, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, China, Laos, Moldova, Mongolia, Serbia, Tajikistan, Montenegro, and South Korea. They asked the IPC Governing Board to consider letting Russia compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. The letter was signed weeks before the IPC Governing Board met in Abu Dhabi. In September 2017, this decision was reviewed and upheld. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) still had concerns about doping in Russian sport. All the conditions the IPC required of the Russians were not met.

South Korea was where the 1988 Summer Paralympics were. The 2018 Winter Paralympics was the second time South Korea hosted the Games. South Korea has gone to every Winter Paralympic Games since the 1992 Winter Paralympics.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

In cross country skiing's men's 15 km sitting race, Maksym Yarovyi of Ukraine won gold, Daniel Cnossen of the United States won silver, and Sin Eui Hyun won bronze.

People think Jung Segun-Hwan is one of the best forwards in the world. He scored a goal in the bronze medal match at the 2017 Sledge Hockey World Championships. The goal helped his team win bronze.
South Korea could play at the 2018 Paralympics because the Games were in South Korea. South Korea played in the 2017 World Sledge Hockey Challenge in December in Charlottetown, Canada. South Korea played in a tournament in January in Japan. They beat Norway 0 - 5 to win gold.

South Korea won a bronze medal at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. They went to the Games with people thinking they could win another medal in 2018.

The United States, South Korea, the Czech Republic and Japan were in Group B for the sledge hockey competition. They play against Japan on 10 March. They play against the Czech Republic on 11 March.


Slovenia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Slovenia sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. One para-alpine skier was named to the team. The person was 16-year-old Jernej Slivnik. He had an injury a few months before the Winter Games started. He is coached by Roman Podlipnik. While he was named to the team in 2017, he met all the criteria to compete at the Games in January 2018.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Slovenia") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

16-year-old Jernej Slivnik had a shoulder injury five months before the 2018 Games. He started practicing again at a ski resort in Slovenia in December 2017. His goal was to be prepared for the 2018 World Cup in Kranjska Gora. The competition was one of seven World Cup races before the season before the Games. He was coached by Roman Podlipnik. He also trained with Slovene deaf skier Anja Drev. His coach was happy in late December. Slivnik was recovering faster than expected from his shoulder injury. At the end of December 2017, he was the only Slovene to have earned the right to compete at the Paralympics. Because his recovery went so fast, he competed at a World Cup in Zagreb, Croatia in early December. This was in addition to the World Cup a week later in Slovenia. After his first run in Zagreb, he was in thirteenth position. He did not finish his second run. His coach was still happy with his performance. At the World Cup in Kranjska Gora, Slovenia, he finished his races. The World Cup was only a few days after the World Cup in Zagreb. While he finished thirteenth, his finishing the World Cup race was very important. It meant he completed all the things required of him to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. After the race, his coach said, ""I congratulate Jernejo, because I know he has not been able to do it in the last few weeks. He was injured, but he did not finish the race in Zagreb, even though he was skiing well. Depending on the layout and the conditions on the track it worked well. I expect that now the preparations for the Paralympic Games will be relaxed and fully dedicated." Slivnik said after qualifying for the Paralympics, "Before the first run there were some problems with the track, but the Kranjska Gora team did a great job and prepared a track that was excellent. In the second, the track was already slightly slapped. I made a little mistake, but I did not want to give in, I wanted to aim. I did it. I am glad that I have confirmed my departure for the Paralympic Games, as this idea of ​​successfully passing the game was a long time in the head."

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Slovakia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Slovakia sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Slovakia is sending up to fifteen sportspeople to the 2018 Games. They are competing in para-alpine skiing and wheelchair curling. The team includes Henrieta Farkasova. Farkasova has the more medals won at the Winter Paralympics than any other person from Slovakia. Before the 2018 Paralympics, she had five gold medals, one silver and one bronze medal.

Slovakia is sending up to fifteen sportspeople to the 2018 Games. They are also sending another 15 people to assist them. The sportspeople are competing in para-alpine skiing and wheelchair curling.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Slovakia") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

People going to the Winter Games who are not athletes include Chef-de-Mission Maroš Čambal, sport administrator Tomáš Varga, medical support staff Branislav Delej, Slovenský Paralympijský Výbor representative Samuel Rosko, SZTPŠ representative Martin Čapla, SAASP representative Pavol Valent, alpine skiing representative Martin Makovnik, wheelchair curling representative František Pitoňák, sledge hockey representative Miroslav Dráb and media spokesperson Stanislav Ščepán.

Henrieta Farkasova went to the Games as the world champion in slalom and giant slalom.  She won gold in both races at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.  Farkasova has the more medals won at the Winter Paralympics than any other person from Slovakia. Before the 2018 Paralympics, Farkasova had five gold medals, one silver and one bronze medal. Born in 1986, Farkasova is blind.

Jakub Krako was second in Slovakia for most medals won at the Winter Paralmpics. Before 2018 Pyeongchang, he won four gold medals and two silver medals. Krako has a physical disability.

Farkasova went to Slovenia in January 2018. She competed in the World Cup in Kranjska Gora.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program was Super-G. All skiers raced between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Henrieta Farkasova, guided by Nataly Subrtova, won the first gold medal at the Winter Paralympics. Farkasova won gold in women's downhill vision impaired race. Mac Marcoux won gold in the men's visually impaired downhill race.  Jakub Krako of Slovakia won silver.  Giacomo Bertagnolli of Italy won bronze. In the women's Super-G visually impaired race, Henrieta Farkasova of Slovakia won gold, Millie Knight of Great Britain won silver and Menna Fitzpatrick won bronze. In the men's Super-G visually impaired race, Jakub Krako of Slovakia won gold, Giacomo Bertagnolli of Italy won silver, and Miroslav Haraus of Slovakia won bronze.

They played against Sweden on 12 March.

Serbia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Serbia sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. One person on the team is para-Nordic skier Milos Zaric. In addition to para-Nordic skier, Zaric is also a para-athlete. He is the world champion in the men's F55 javelin.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Serbia") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
15 National Paralympic Committees and the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation signed a letter expressing support for the National Paralympic Committee of Russia in August 2017.  The countries included Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Vietnam, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, China, Laos, Moldova, Mongolia, Serbia, Tajikistan, Montenegro, and South Korea.  They asked the IPC Governing Board to consider letting Russia compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.  The letter was signed weeks before the IPC Governing Board met in Abu Dhabi. In September 2017, this decision was reviewed and upheld. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) still had concerns about doping in Russian sport. All the conditions the IPC required of the Russians were not met.

Serbia first competed at the Winter Paralympics in 2010, and had yet to win a medal going into the 2018 edition of the Games.  Serbia was represented by Jugoslav Milosevic in 2014.  He competed in para-alpine skiing.  The upper limb amputee competed in the slalom and giant slalom standing events.

Milos Zaric competes in two sports: para-athletics and para-Nordic skiing.  In 2017, he won a gold medal at the 2017 IPC Athletics World Championships in the men's F55 javelin. A few months later, he competed in para-Nordic skiing at the World Cup in Oberried, Germany.  The World Cup was the first time he was part of Team Serbia at an international sporting competition.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

Romania at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Romania sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Romania sent only one person to the 2018 Games. The person was Mihaita Papară. He competes in para-snowboarding. Romania first went to the Winter Paralympics in 2010. The country has never won a medal at the Winter Games. At the 2010 and 2014 Games, Romania was represented by one skier, Laura Văleanu.

Romania sent only one person to the 2018 Games. The person was Mihaita Papara. He competes in para-snowboarding 

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Romania") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The Romanian National Paralympic Committee has few employees. They also have very little money. Despite this, they try very hard to help all sportspeople with disabilities in Romania. Their 2014 budget was for twelve sports. Snowboard became their thirteenth sport. This happened after Mihaita Papara asked the Committee Chairperson Sally Wood Lamont to support him. In 2016, the budget for the Romanian National Paralympic Committee increased. The year of the Summer Paralympics, their budget was . In comparison, Croatia had a budget of in 2015. They money increased because Romanians did well in international competitions. Because the costs to compete are very high, the money was still not enough. There are few sponsors for disability sportspeople in Romania. The Paralympic Games do not get much media coverage. This makes it very difficult for people in Romania to go to the Paralympic Games.

Papară started snowboarding after a car accident. Snowboarding made his life more normal. It was more like life before his accident. He started using a new knee prosthesis in 2012. It was exhausting. He could have tried to go to the 2014 Winter Paralympics. He chose not to. Because he would not have been at his best, Papară thought it was not honorable to go. He also did not have much experience competing at snowboarding. By 2018, things had changed. Papară had participated in a lot more races. He had more experience. His fitness was better. He entered his first international snowboard race in November 2014. Before his first race, a little voice in his head said, "Wait, what you're doing, it's too risky, you're going to hurt yourself, give up!" The prosthetic he uses to snowboard costs . The Romania Olympic Committee assisted in paying for part of his prosthetic.

Laura Văleanu is Papară's role model. Her amputation is similar to his. She was a skier. She represented Romania at the 2010 Winter Paralympics. Those were the first Winter Paralympics Romania went to. Sport was a passion for her. It assisted in her recovery. Papară tried to do the same as Văleanu. Sport became a way to regain life.

Papară was in a car accident in 3 September 2005. Because of the accident, doctors amputated his leg. After the accident, he tried to live a normal life.  He tried to make sure his amputation did not mean he could not do things he wanted to do. He said, "The recovery after such an accident, after an amputation is very difficult and lasting. If I were to give advice to a person in the same situation, I would tell them to start a physical activity, to start sport as soon as possible."

Papară is from Gheorgheni, Harghita. He was born in Harghita.

In early February, Papară went to a World Cup in Canada. He was in the banked slalom and snowboard cross races. He said it was important people in Romania saw him snowboarding. He thinks it will help change people's mind about what people with disabilities can do. He wants to be a role model for others with disabilities.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March. It starts at 10:30 AM and goes to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March. It goes from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM. Men and women in all classes are racing at that time.

Romania first went to the Winter Paralympics in 2010. The country has never won a medal at the Winter Games. At the 2010 and 2014 Games, Romania was represented by one skier, Laura Văleanu.

Poland at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Poland sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. People will compete in cross-country skiing, para-alpine skiing, biathlon and para-snowboarding. Team members include Katarzyna Rogowiec and Igor Sikorski.

In January 2018, Poland thought their team for the 2018 Games would include ten sportspeople in four sports: cross-country skiing, para-alpine skiing, biathlon and para-snowboarding. The complete list of all members of Team Poland was shared in February 2018.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Poland") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

It can be difficult for people with disabilities to participate in winter sports. Katarzyna Rogowiec said the reason is because people are more dependent on others. They need help to put on jackets. They may need help to get into a special chair. It can be difficult to stay warm when you do not have hands. Winter sports are also very expensive. The cost makes it difficult for many people to participate.

Poland did not win any medals at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. Poland won a bronze medal at the 2010 Winter Paralympics. Polish Paralympic Committee President Łukasz Szeliga said the goal of Poland is to have better finishes than 2010 and 2014. They would like to win at least one medal.

The team includes Igor Sikorski. Sikorski is from Krakow.

In January 2018, Igor Sikorski went to the World Cup in Zagreb, Croatia. He skied really well at the competition.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March. People ski from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Neutral Paralympic Athletes at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Russia sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. They competed as "Neutral Paralympic Athletes" in 5 sports. Only Russian sportspeople that had not participated in doping were allowed to compete. On 26 February 2018, the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) said which people from Russia could compete as Neutral Paralympic Athletes at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. The list included 30 people. They were going to compete in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing, para-snowboarding and wheelchair curling.

Ekaterina Rumyantseva won gold and  Anna Milenina won silver in the women's 6 km biathlon standing race. In the women's 6 km biathlon visually impaired race,  Mikhalina Lysova won gold.  The medals were won on 10 March, the first day of para-Nordic skiing competition at the 2018 Games.

On 26 February 2018, the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) said which people from Russia could compete as Neutral Paralympic Athletes at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. The list included 30 people. They were going to compete in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing, para-snowboarding and wheelchair curling. 10 people are competing in para-alpine skiing, 12 in para-Nordic skiing, 3 in para-snowboarding and 5 in wheelchair curling.  The team also includes 6 guide skiers.  There are also going to be 39 support people and officials. Despite limitations on who can compete because of the doping scandal, Neutral Paralympic Athletes from Russia will be one of the largest delegations at the Games.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team NPA") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
The following is the list of number of competitors that could participate at the Games per sport/discipline.

After the 2014 Winter Paralympics, the McLaren report said 35 people from Russia had done doping during the Games in Sochi. A decision had been made by mid-2016 that Russia would not be able to compete under the Russian flag at the 2018 Games. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) set conditions for Russia's membership in November 2016. The McLaren Report, printed in December 2016, said more than 1,000 Olympic and Paralympic people had been involved with Russia's government sponsored doping program.

In early January 2017, the Russians asked the ban be removed. They wanted to be able to participate in specific qualifying competitions. In April 2017, a proposal was made to allow Russians to compete using a neutral flag. This was rejected. The IPC explained that people could only use a neutral flag if they were refugees or had no National Paralympic Committee.

In May 2017, the IPC said the Russians had until September 2017 to meet all the conditions if they wanted to go to the Winter Paralympics. If they did not meet the conditions, the Russians probably would not be able to go.

15 National Paralympic Committees and the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation signed a letter expressing support for the National Paralympic Committee of Russia in August 2017.  The countries included Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Vietnam, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, China, Laos, Moldova, Mongolia, Serbia, Tajikistan, Montenegro, and South Korea.  They asked the IPC Governing Board to consider letting Russia compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.  The letter was signed weeks before the IPC Governing Board met in Abu Dhabi. In September 2017, this decision was reviewed and upheld. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) still had concerns about doping in Russian sport. All the conditions the IPC required of the Russians were not met.

In October 2017, Russians were allowed to compete in qualifying as Neutral Paralympic Athletes. They were allowed to do this in alpine skiing, biathlon, cross-country skiing and snowboarding. A decision was not made in October about their participation at the 2018 Games.

Because the IPC thought Russia had a doping program run by the government, Russian people were stopped from going to the Games with the Russian flag at the 2018 Games. Some Russian people competed as "Neutral Paralympic Athletes" if the IPC thought they were had not done doping. Because of this, Russians were allowed to compete in 5 sports: para-alpine skiing, cross-country skiing, biathlon, snowboarding and wheelchair curling. Russians were allowed to compete because the IPC thought their National Paralympic Committee had met some of the conditions the IPC had demanded of them. More improvements were still needed though before they could compete at the Paralympics as Russia. Russia's Paralympians currently face more difficult conditions than those of Russia's Olympians. The Government of Russia has said the allegations about doping are not true. They blame the United States, saying it is a conspiracy to make sure they cannot compete. Vladmir Putin said the United States was doing this to try to prevent him from winning the election for President of Russia.

All eligible people from Russia would need additional testing for use of banned substances. The testing would be more than people from other countries would have to do. As of 29 January 2018, the IPC said 30 to 35 Russian sportspeople might be able to go to the Games the way to decide who was going was still taking place. The last date to win a spot at the 2018 Paralympics was 23 February.

The situation mirrors what happened at the 2016 Summer Paralympics, where Russian sportspeople were not allowed to compete using the flag of Russia.

On 28 January 2018, it looked like 14 skiers from Russia could go to South Korea.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program was Super-G. All skiers raced between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.


On 28 January 2018, it looked like 6 women and 10 men from Russia could go to South Korea. One Russian woman in her early 30s said she intended to compete in Pyeongchang. Vladimir Kiselev said he was not allowed to compete in South Korea. He said he had also been stopped from going to the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

In the women's 6 km biathlon standing race,  Ekaterina Rumyantseva won gold, Anna Milenina won silver, and Liudmyla Liashenko of Ukraine won bronze. In the women's 6 km biathlon visually impaired race,  Mikhalina Lysova won gold,  Oksana Shyshkova of Ukraine won silver and Sviatlana Sakhanenka of Belarus won bronze.

Women

On 28 January 2018, it looked like 10 women and 7 men from Russia could go to South Korea.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

The wheelchair curling competition starts on 10 March. Russia plays against Sweden on 15 March.

Norway at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Norway sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. People are competing in para-alpine skiing, para-Nordic skiing, para-snowboarding, sledge hockey and wheelchair curling.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Norway") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Owe Lüthcke is a sledge hockey referee. The Norwegian went to Pyeongchang to referee matches. He was part of the official Norwegian delegation.

At the 2014 Winter Paralympics, there were 31 people from Norway competing. There were 25 men and 6 women.  They won 1 gold medal, 2 silver medals and 1 bronze medal.

For the 2018 Winter Paralympics, Nord-Trøndelag County Council has some goals. These included getting more people to compete in disability sports. They also wanted to increase the level of accessibility to sports buildings and sports field in Nord-Trøndelag County and the rest of Norway.

In December 2017, Norway said it would not send any anti-doping officials to the Winter Olympics or Paralympics. They are tired of needing to use unpaid volunteers. They think anti-doping officials need to be paid. Anti-doping Norway chief executive Anders Solheim said, "If you sell TV rights for this arrangement for billions of dollars, then we think it's wrong that we pay for Norwegian doping controllers to help with the controls. An inspector should receive a reasonable salary and his trip paid for the three weeks he or she will be there. By not paying doping controllers, the organisers are "de facto" relying on volunteers. Anti-doping work should not be a voluntary profession for those who want to. It is downplaying the priority of our work, and we are tired of it."

Birgit Skarstein competes in two sports: adapted rowing and para-Nordic skiing.  She won a gold medal at the 2017 World Rowing Championships in the PR1 W1x.  Skarstein also went to the 2016 Summer Paralympics, and she finished fourth.  Skarstein has also went to the 2014 Winter Paralympics, competing in para-Nordic skiing.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

Norway finished in the first four at the 2017 Sledge Hockey World Championships.  This was why they could compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Norway played in a tournament in January in Japan. They lost to the Paralympic Games host nation South Korea 0 - 5 in the gold medal game. Norway lost to Italy 4 - 3 in overtime at a tournament in Turin in January 2018.

Lena Schroeder is the only woman to be competing in sledge hockey at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. While the sport allows both men and women to compete against each other, this rarely happens at the Paralympic level.

Canada, Norway, Italy and Sweden were in Group A for the sledge hockey competition. They play against Italy on 10 March. They play against Canada on 12 March.

Wheelchair curling competition starts on 10 March. That day, Norway plays Great Britain. They play against Sweden on 13 March.

North Korea at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

North Korea sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. It was the first time that North Korea competed in the Winter Paralympics. The country had two skiers, Kim Jonghyon and Ma Yuchol, racing in para-Nordic skiing.

The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) said North Korea was going to participate in the Winter Games for the first time. The North Koreans will competing under a Korean unification flag like their delegation for the 2018 Winter Olympics did. This is the first time that North Korea went to the Winter Paralympics. The country had gone to the 2012 Summer Paralympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics. On 1 January 2018, Kim Jong-un said he wanted to have North Koreans competing at the 2018 Winter Olympics and Paralympics. North Koreans had a meeting with the IPC in Lusanne, Switzerland on 20 January 2018. At the meeting, North Korea and South Korea asked the IPC if they could compete as one team. On 27 February, the two countries met at a small village on the border with South Korea. They discussed how the two countries would compete together at the Winter Games. The Government of South Korea thinks the North going to the Games is important. They think it can reduce the tensions between the two countries.

Two people are representing North Korea at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. They are Kim Jonghyon and Ma Yuchol. Ma is a physical education student. She was in a car accident when she was a 5-year-old. Because of the accident, doctors amputated her foot. She played table tennis. At the 2013 Asian Youth Para Games, she won a silver medal in the sport. Kim used to play table tennis. He is a student. Georgia, North Korea and Tajikistan are the three countries making their first appearance Winter Paralympics.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team North Korea") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Two members of the Korea team are North Koreans. They are Kim Jonghyon and Ma Yuchol. They first competed internationally at the 2018 Paralympic Nordic Skiing World Cup in Oberried, Germany in January 2018. Before that, they had a national team training camp near Frankfurt. In December 2017, they worked with a Canadian coach at a national team training camp in Mount Baektu.

Kim was number 59 in the world in January 2018 in cross country skiing men's sitting race. He had 516.18 points. Ma was number 58 in the world in January 2018 in cross country skiing men's sitting race. He had 505.88 points.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM – 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.


New Zealand at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

New Zealand sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The team is competing in para-alpine skiing and para-snowboarding.

New Zealand said they will have 3 sportspeople at the 2018 Games. Two will compete in para-alpine skiing and one will compete in para-snowboarding. New Zealand, Sweden and the United States were the first countries to name people to their teams after sportspeople won spots by November 2017.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers raced between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

In the men's downhill sitting race, Andrew Kurka of the United States won gold, Taiki Morri of Japan won silver and Corey Peters of New Zealand won bronze.

The snowboard cross event starts on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

Netherlands at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

The Netherlands sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Four people were going to compete in para-snowboarding. Five people were going to compete in para-alpine skiing. Anna Jochemsen and Jeffrey Stuut are standing skiers. Linda van Impelen, Jeroen Kampschreur and Niels de Langen are all competing in all 5 para-alpine sit-ski events.  Lisa Bunschoten, Mentel-Spee and Vos all competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi. Renske van Beek is the only snowboarded on Team Netherlands who did not go to Sochi.

There were four people who could go to the Paralympics in para-snowboarding.  There were another five people who could go in para-alpine skiing.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Netherlands") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.

Anna Jochemsen and Jeffrey Stuut are standing skiers. Linda van Impelen, Jeroen Kampschreur and Niels de Langen are all competing in all 5 para-alpine sit-ski events.  Kampschreur went to his first Winter Paralympics as the world champion in slalom, giant slalom and super-combined.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go. The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Bibian Mentel-Spee has competed at the Paralympics before, winning several medals. Chris Vos won the World Para Snowboarding Championships four times.  Lisa Bunschoten, Mentel-Spee and Vos all competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi. Renske van Beek is the only snowboarded on Team Netherlands who did not go to Sochi. The South Korea Games are her first.

Chris Vos celebrated his 20th birthday in February. Despite his young age, people thought he could win a medal at the 2018 Winter Games. During the 2017-2018 snowboarding season, his results were not consistent but his speed was very good.  The lack of consistency was why some people thought he might not be able to win gold.

The program has snowboard cross starting on 12 March, running from 10:30 AM to 5:00 PM for all classes for both men and women. The slalom race is scheduled to take place on 16 March, going from 10:30 AM – 4:55 PM for men and women in all classes.

Princess Margriet of the Netherlands is going to attend the 2018 Winter Paralympics. She is a a member of the Honourary Board of the International Paralympic Committee. She goes on 8 March 2018 and leaves 13 March 2018.

Mongolia at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Mongolia sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Ganbold Batmunkh () will compete in para-Nordic skiing. He qualified by competing at the Para Nordic Skiing World Cup.

In November 2017, Ganbold Batmunkh () was invited to go to the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Mongolia") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
15 National Paralympic Committees and the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation signed a letter expressing support for the National Paralympic Committee of Russia in August 2017.  The countries included Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Vietnam, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, China, Laos, Moldova, Mongolia, Serbia, Tajikistan, Montenegro, and South Korea.  They asked the IPC Governing Board to consider letting Russia compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.  The letter was signed weeks before the IPC Governing Board met in Abu Dhabi. In September 2017, this decision was reviewed and upheld. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) still had concerns about doping in Russian sport. All the conditions the IPC required of the Russians were not met.

Batmunkh competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.  His best finish was fourteenth.  This was in the 20km Classic Style - Standing race.  He had a time of 1:11:08.3.  His best finish at the World Championships was in 2017.  He finished ninth in the 20km - Standing.  He had a result of 1:02:15.4. In September 2017, Batmunkh went to a World Cup in Germany. He already had 130 World Cup points. Fifth of those points were in the 2017/2018 season. These points made it possible for him to go to the Paralympics. Batmunkh is coached by J. Dondo () .

Mexico at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Mexico sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Only one person from Mexico is going to Pyeongchang. That person is para-alpine skier Arly Velásquez. Mexico arrives in South Korea to compete in their fifth Winter Paralympics.  They first went to the 2006 Winter Paralympics in Turin.  Mexico's best winter sport is para-alpine skiing.

Only one person from Mexico is going to Pyeongchang. That person is para-alpine skier Arly Velásquez.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Mexico") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Mexico arrives in Pyeongchang to compete in their fifth Winter Paralympics.  They first went to the 2006 Winter Paralympics in Turin.  Mexico's best winter sport is para-alpine skiing.

Arly Velásquez will be competing at his third Paralympics in Pyeongchang. He went to the 2010 and 2014 Winter Paralympics. He had a big accident at the 2014 Games. Prior to the 2018 Games, Velásquez lived in Europe for six months. This was to prepare for the 2018 Games. Velásquez started alpine skiing in 2008.

Velásquez was born in Cancun. When he was a child, he moved to the United States. When he was a 12-year-old, he an a mountain biking accident. Because of the accident, he could not use his legs. He continues to cycle. Velásquez has represented Mexico internationally in the sport.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March. People ski from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Canada at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Canada sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. They are competing in para-Nordic skiing, sledge hockey and wheelchair curling. 10 men and 4 women are participating in para-Nordic skiing. The team has 10 skiers, and 2 guide skiers. Canada, Norway, Italy and Sweden are in Group A for the sledge hockey competition.

The country has the second largest team among all nations. It has 55 people. The team also includes 16 coaches and 26 support staff. James Anseeuw is the oldest member of the team. He was 58 years old. James Dunn is the youngest member of the team. He was 27 years old.

The table below contains the list of members of people (called "Team Canada") that will be participating in the 2018 Games.
Canada had several people going to the Games as part of their team. These were coaches, referees and sports officials. Ken Babey went to the Games as the coach of the sledge hockey team.

Skiers had training runs for the downhill race on 7 March. Their practice runs in the downhill on 8 and 9 March were cancelled.

The first event on the para-alpine program was the downhill. It started on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program was Super-G. All skiers will raced between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go.The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Marie Bochet from France won gold in the women's downhill standing.  Andrea Rothfuss from Germany won silver.  Mollie Jepsen from Canada won bronze. Mac Marcoux won gold in the men's visually impaired downhill race.  Jakub Krako of Slovakia won silver.  Giacomo Bertagnolli of Italy won bronze. In the women's Super-G standing race, Marie Bochet of France won gold, Andrea Rothfuss of Germany won silver, and Alana Ramsay of Canada won bronze. In the men's Super-G sitting race, Kurt Oatway of Canada won gold, Andrew Kurka of the United States won silver, and Frederic Francois of France won bronze.


10 men and 4 women are part of Team Canada at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. The team has 10 skiers, and 2 guide skiers.

Brian McKeever is part of the team, along with his guide skiers Graham Nishikawa and Russell Kennedy. Kennedy competed in Nordic skiing at the 2018 Winter Olympics. Mark Arendz will be 27 years old in Pyeongchang. He competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics, and he won a silver medal in the men´s sprint and a bronze medal in the men's middle distance standing. Chris Klebl was at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, where he won a gold medal the men’s 10-kilometre sit ski race. Cindy Ouellet has been part of Team Canada at the Summer Paralympics, where she played wheelchair basketball. She started going to ski races a year before the 2018 Winter Games. When she was a 12-year-old, Ouellet got bone cancer. She has a disability because of the bone cancer. Before she got bone cancer, Ouellet was an alpine skier. She had dreams of going to the Winter Olympics.

The 2018 Games were the first Games for Collin Cameron and Emily Young. Young was a wrestler before doing para-Nordic skiing.
On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM - 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30.

In the men's 7.5 km sitting event, Daniel Cnossen of the United States won gold, Dzmitry Loban of Belarus won silver and Collin Cameron of Canada won bronze. In the men's 7.5 km standing race,  Benjamin Daviet of France won gold, Mark Arendz won silver and Ihor Reptyukh of Ukraine won bronze.




On February 21, 2018, announced the nominations of 7 athletes (five men and two women) to Team Canada.


Canada finished in the first four at the 2017 Sledge Hockey World Championships.  This was why they could compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Canada played in the 2017 World Sledge Hockey Challenge in December in Charlottetown, Canada.

The sledge hockey team went to South Korea after winning bronze at the 2014 Winter Paralympics. Canada went to Pyeongchang wanting to win a gold medal. Their biggest competitor was thought to be the United States. The United States was going to the 2018 Winter Paralympics looking to win their third consecutive Paralympic gold, having claimed gold at the 2010 and 2014 Winter Paralympics. In comparison, Canada had won three consecutive gold medals at the World Championships, with their most recent gold at the 2017 World Championships A-Pool.

The coach for the 2018 Games is Ken Babey. He said choosing the 17 players for the team was very hard.
Canada, Norway, Italy and Sweden were in Group A for the sledge hockey competition. Canada plays against Sweden on 10 March. They play against Italy on 11 March. They play against Norway on 12 March.


Wheelchair curling starts on 10 March. Canada plays against Sweden on 11 March.

Jedek language

Jedek is an Aslian language from Malaysia. It is spoken by about 280 people.

Justin Allgaier

Justin Allgaier is an American racecar driver. He currently drives in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, driving the No. 7 Chevrolet Camaro for JR Motorsports. Allgaier is a native of Illinois and has also driven in the ARCA Racing Series, NASCAR Camping World Truck Series and Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. 

Allgaier started racing early in life, driving quarter midgets and late models.

Allgaier, driving for a team owned by his family, won the ARCA Racing Series championship in 2008. He won the last three races of the season and claimed the title when the two drivers above him in points, Scott Speed and Ricky Stenhouse Jr., crashed each other during the last race of the season.

Due to that, he signed a contract with Team Penske to drive in the NASCAR Nationwide Series. He started with a few races in 2008 and ran a full season in 2009. Allgaier again drove for Penske in 2010, winning his first race. As early as September 2010, Allgaier was linked to a new team, HScott Motorsports. He wound up driving full-time in 2011 and scored his first win with the team at Chicagoland Speedway later in the year. Allgaier continued driving for the team in 2012 and 2013. He also ran a part-time Cup schedule for Phoenix Racing in late 2013.

In 2014, Allgaier got a full-time Cup ride with HScott Motorsports. He returned to HScott for 2015, scoring his first top-ten finish at Bristol Motor Speedway. At the end of the year, Allgaier announced that he would move back down to the Xfinity Series to drive for JR Motorsports, owned by Dale Earnhardt, Jr. After a consistent 2016 season, he won two races in 2017.

Lowest common denominator

The lowest common denominator (also least common denominator and LCD) is the least common multiple of the denominators (bottom parts) of a group of fractions. It makes it easier to add, subtract, and compare fractions.

The LCD of formula_1 and formula_2 is 6. This is because formula_1 and formula_2 equal formula_5 and formula_6. 6 is the smallest number that can be at the bottom of both of those fractions.

The same thing also works with variables:

Elise Christie

Elise Christie (born August 13th, 1990) is a British short track speed skater. She is trained by Nicky Gooch. She is devoted to 1000m short track speed skating. She has won gold medals ten times at European championships in the sport. She has won the entire event in 2015 and 2016.

Kenneth Haigh

Kenneth Haigh (25 March 1931 – 4 February 2018) was an English actor. He was born in Mexborough, West Riding of Yorkshire, England. He was known for his roles in "Man at the Top" (1970–72) and the spin-off movie "Man at the Top" (1973) and as Brutus in the 1963 movie "Cleopatra". 

Haigh died of complications from cerebral edema on 4 February 2018 in London at the age of 86.

Jeff Bell

Jeffrey Leonard Bell (December 13, 1943 – February 10, 2018) was an American Republican Party politician, political consultant, author and former presidential speechwriter for President Ronald Reagan. 

Bell was the Republican nominee for the U.S. Senate from New Jersey in 1978, was a candidate for the Republican nomination for the Senate in 1982, and was the nominee against Democratic incumbent Cory Booker in 2014.

Bell was born in Washington, D.C.. He studied at Columbia University. Bell died in Leonia, New Jersey on February 10, 2018 of a suspected heart attack at the age of 74.


Vic Damone

Vic Damone (born Vito Rocco Farinola; June 12, 1928 – February 11, 2018) was an American traditional pop and big band singer-songwriter, actor, radio and television presenter, and entertainer. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He was best known for his performances of songs such as "You're Breaking My Heart" (a number one hit), the number four hit "On the Street Where You Live" (from "My Fair Lady"), and "My Heart Cries for You" (also No. 4).

Damone died of complications from respiratory failure on February 11, 2018 in Miami Beach, Florida at the age of 89.


Alfonso Lacadena

Alfonso Lacadena García-Gallo (21 August 1964 – 9 February 2018), was a Spanish researcher of Mayan subjects. He was born in Zaragoza, Aragón, Spain. He was a known specialist in his writing, epigraphy, and in the deciphering of his texts and professor at the Complutense University of Madrid in the department of Anthropology of America.

Lacadena died on 9 February 2018 of lymphoma in Madrid at the age of 63.

Giuseppe Galasso

Giuseppe Galasso (19 November 1929 – 12 February 2018) was an Italian historian and politician. He was born in Rome. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1983 to 1994.

Galasso died in Rome of prostate cancer on 12 February 2018 at the age of 88.

Jon D. Fox

Jon Dennis Fox (April 22, 1947 – February 11, 2018) was an American politician. He was born in Abington Township, Pennsylvania. He was a member of the Republican Party. Fox served in the United States House of Representatives representing Pennsylvania's 13th congressional district from 1995 through 1999.

Fox died on February 11, 2018 of complications from liver cancer in Abington Township at age 70.


Nguyễn Thị Doan

Nguyễn Thị Doan (born 8 November 1951) is a Vietnamese politician. Shee was Vice President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam from 2007 to 2016. She is a former member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, and former deputy to the National Assembly of Vietnam for Hà Nam Province. 

Nguyễn Thị Doan became member of the Communist Party of Vietnam on 11 July 1982. In June 1996 at the 8th National Party Congress, she became member of the Party Central Committee. In August 1999: At the 7th Conference of the Party Central Committee, she was elected member of the Central Commission for Inspection. In 25 July 2007 She was elected Vice-President of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam at the first session of the Twelfth National Assembly.

Fethia Mzali

Fethia Mokhtar Mzali (6 April 1927 – 12 February 2018) was a Tunisian teacher and politician, She was born in Tunis. She became one of the country's first two female ministers in 1983. Her husband, Mohammed Mzali served as the country's Prime Minister from 1980–1986.

Mzali died in Tunis on 12 February 2018 of congestive heart failure in Paris at the age of 90.

Daryle Singletary

Daryle Bruce Singletary (March 10, 1971 – February 12, 2018) was an American country music singer. He was born in Cairo, Georgia. Between 1995 and 1998, he recorded for Giant Records: "Daryle Singletary" in 1995, "All Because of You" in 1996 and "Ain't It the Truth" in 1998. He reached number two with "I Let Her Lie" and "Amen Kind of Love", and number four with "Too Much Fun".

A third album of covers, 2007's "Straight from the Heart", was issued on the independent Shanachie Records label. He returned to Jack Noseworthy Studios (now renamed E1 Music) in 2010, to release "Rockin' in the Country".

Singletary died of a blood clot in Lebanon, Tennessee on February 12, 2018 at the age of 46.


Luo Haocai

Luo Haocai (; March 1934 – 12 February 2018) was a Chinese legal scholar, Supreme Court judge, and politician. He was born in Singapore. He served as professor and Vice President of Peking University, Vice President of the Supreme People's Court, Chairman of the China Zhi Gong Party (Public Interest Party), and Vice Chairperson of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC).

Luo died in Beijing on 12 February 2018 at the age of 83.

2016 Donald Trump Chicago rally protest

On March 11, 2016, the Donald Trump presidential campaign cancelled a planned rally at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC), in Chicago, Illinois, due to "growing safety concerns" due to the protest of thousands of protesters in and outside his rally.

Thousands of anti-Trump protesters responding to civic leaders' and social media calls to shut the rally down had gathered outside the arena, and several hundred more filled seating areas within the UIC Pavilion, where the rally was to take place. When the Trump campaign announced that the rally would not take place, there was a great deal of shouting and a few small fights between Trump supporters and anti-Trump protesters.

Trump blamed Senator Bernie Sanders Sanders for the clashes in Chicago. He said that the protesters were "Bernie's crowd" and that a protester who charged the stage at an event in Dayton, Ohio the following day was a "Bernie person", calling on Sanders to "get your people in line." Sanders later called out Trump as a "pathological liar" who leads a "vicious movement", and said that "while I appreciate that we had supporters at Trump's rally in Chicago, our campaign did not organize the protests."

Hua Chenyu

Hua Chenyu (born February 7, 1990), also known by his nickname Hua Hua, is a Chinese singer and songwriter. He rose to fame after winning the 2013 Super Boy singing contest produced by Hunan TV, China.

Hua released his debut album "Quasimodo's Gift" in September 2014. The sales volume of this album ranked Top 1 in the Jingdong Top 100 Annual Sales Chart (Music). His second physical album "Aliens" was released in December 2015.

Tanya Monro

Professor Tanya Mary Monro is an award-winning Australian physicist who is known for her work in photonics. She is currently the Deputy Vice Chancellor, Research and Innovation (DVCR&I) at the University of South Australia. She was awarded the ARC Georgina Sweet Laureate Fellowship in 2013. She was the inaugural chair of photonics, an inaugural director of the ARC Centre of Excellence for Nanoscale Biophotonics and the inaugural director of the Institute for Photonics & Advanced Sensing (IPAS), and the inaugural director of the Centre of Expertise in Photonics (CoEP) within the School of Chemistry and Physics at the University of Adelaide (known as the School of Physical Sciences). She is currently a professor of physics at the University of Adelaide.

Korea at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Korea sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. While North Korea and South Korea compete as separate countries at the 2018 Winter Games, the two countries will enter the stadium during the Opening Ceremonies under one flag. The two countries are still officially at war as the Korean War never officially ended. They had entered the Olympic Games under one flag before, including at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2006 Winter Games. Reciprocal military threats made in August and September 2017 by the governments of North Korea and the United States made this possibility at the 2018 Games more complicated.

The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) said North Korea was going to participate in the Winter Games for the first time. The North Koreans will competing under a Korean unification flag like their delegation for the 2018 Winter Olympics did. This is the first time that North Korea went to the Winter Paralympics. The country had gone to the 2012 Summer Paralympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics. On 1 January 2018, Kim Jong-un said he wanted to have North Koreans competing at the 2018 Winter Olympics and Paralympics. North Koreans had a meeting with the IPC in Lusanne, Switzerland on 20 January 2018. At the meeting, North Korea and South Korea asked the IPC if they could compete as one team. On 27 February, the two countries met at a small village on the border with South Korea. They discussed how the two countries would compete together at the Winter Games. The Government of South Korea thinks the North going to the Games is important. They think it can reduce the tensions between the two countries.

North Korea remains officially at war with South Korea, with the Korean War ending in 1953 with an armistice and not a peace treaty. The two Koreas each claim the territory of the other, and do not recognize each other as legitimate sovereign states. North Korea had nevertheless asked for the right to co-host the Summer Olympics in 1988, when Seoul made their bid to have the Games. Faced with the refusal expressed by the International Olympic Committee, the North boycotted the Games. The country then orchestrated an attack which destroyed Korean Air flight 858, killing one hundred and fifteen people. Despite these problems, at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2006 Winter Games, the two Koreas marched together under the banner of Korean unification at the opening ceremony as a sign of reconciliation.

The issue of North Korea's participation in the 2018 Games is complicated by the reciprocal military threats made in August and September 2017 by the governments of North Korea, under the leadership of dictator Kim Jong-un, and the United States, led by President Donald Trump. This included North Korea conducting a nuclear test on September 3 and the firing of North Korean missiles over the territory of Japan. On January 17, following discussions between the two countries in Panmunjeom, it was confirmed that North Korea will participate in the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Pyeongchang.


Tijana Bogićević

Tijana Bogićević is a Serbian singer. She participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017, with the song "In Too Deep". But this did not qualify, despite the positive comments it received. Her other Eurovision participation was in 2011, as a backing vocalist for Nina.
She married Mark Robertson, who was a lead singer of the band Queen Of Hearts, in 2015.

Sherron Watkins

Sherron Watkins (born August 28, 1959) is an American former Vice President of Corporate Development at the erstwhile Enron Corporation. Watkins testified about her role in the Enron fraud before committees of the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate at the beginning of 2002.

In August 2001, Watkins alerted then-Enron CEO Kenneth Lay of accounting irregularities in financial reports. However, Watkins has been criticized for not reporting the fraud to government authorities and not speaking up publicly sooner about her concerns, as her memo did not reach the public until five months after it was written. Ms. Watkins was represented by Houston attorney Philip H. Hilder.

Philip H. Hilder

Philip H. Hilder is an American criminal defense attorney and founder of the Houston law firm Hilder & Associates, P.C. He has represented whistle-blowers and other witnesses and defendants in several high-profile white-collar crime cases. He represented Sherron Watkins, the former Enron vice president who helped shed light on details of the company’s collapse in 2001. Ms. Watkins was named one of Time magazine’s three “Persons of the Year 2002.” Hilder was interviewed and featured in the 2005 Oscar-nominated Alex Gibney documentary, "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room." 

Lee Tamahori

Lee Tamahori (born 17 June 1950) is a New Zealand movie director best known for directing the 1994 movie "Once Were Warriors", the 2001 movie "Along Came a Spider" and the 2002 James Bond movie "Die Another Day".

Stamp Act 1765

The "Stamp Act 1765" was made by the Parliament of Great Britain in 1765, which affected things like paper and prints or any legal document, and needed to be paid in British currency, also to show that they paid, every paper needed a revenue stamp, similar to a postage stamp. The purpose of the tax was to pay for troops in North America after the British victory in the Seven Years' War and the French and Indian War.


DirecTV

DirecTV (stylized as DIRECTV) is an American satellite television service provider. The company is based in California. It is part of AT&T.

Its satellite service began on June 17, 1994. The service provides digital satellite television to households in the United States, Latin America and the Caribbean Islands.

DirecTV also has internet television service.

In 2007, DirecTV was awarded a J.D. Power award for cable and satellite TV satisfaction.

The customer service of DirecTV is provided by many third-party owned call centers both inside and outside the U.S.

In August 2008, "The Boston Globe" reported that DirecTV had been receiving as many as 20,000 complaints in almost three years to Better Business Bureau about DirecTV slipping on cancellation fees.

In August 2010, Better Business Bureau reported that it had gotten over 39,000 complaints in the previous three years. The BBB gave DirecTV an F (failing) grade. Many of these complaints concerned the fees for early termination, billing and service issues.

Better Business Bureau

The Better Business Bureau (BBB) is a non-profit organization. It was founded in 1912. It focuses on marketplace trust. It has 106 independently incorporated local groups in the United States and Canada. The main group is in Arlington, Virginia.

Almost 400,000 local businesses in North America support BBB.

BBB isn't connected to any government agency. 

BBB has been the subject of controversy. The controversy is mainly related to its alleged practice of giving higher ratings to businesses that pay membership fees. It says that payment from businesses is not required for them to receive an "A" rating.

Kya Hal Mister Panchal (TV Series)

Kya Haal, Mr. Paanchal is an Indian television comedy sitcom that airs on Star Bharat. The story is about a mother who demands a perfect daughter-in-law with five qualities from God for her son; however, as a result of a strange twist she ends up with five daughters-in-laws with one quality each. The Paanchal family lives in Meerut.

Jiji Maa

Jiji Maa is an Indian television soap opera produced by Jay Productions. It is a family-oriented revenge drama. The show began airing on 9 October 2017, Monday to Saturday 7:30pm on Star Bharat. The Show Stars Tanvi Dogra and Dishank Arora in Lead roles.

Richard Basehart

Richard Basehart was an American actor. He played Admiral Harriman Nelson in the television series "Voyage To The Bottom Of The Sea". He played Ishmael in the 1956 movie "Moby Dick".

On September 17, 1984 Richard Basehart died from a stroke. He was 70 year old.

Voyage To The Bottom Of The Sea

Voyage To The Bottom Of The Sea was an American classic television series, which run from 1964 to 1968, starring Richard Basehart as Admiral Harriman Nelson, and David Hedison as captain Lee Crane. It was on American Broadcasting Company. It was created, produced and directed by Irwin Allen. Its final episode "No Way Back" was on air on the 31st of March, 1968.

Har Shaakh Pe Ullu Baithaa Hai

Har Shaakh Pe Ullu Baithaa Hai is an Indian Political Television Series that premiered on 26 February 2018 and airs on Star Plus. The Show Stars Rajiv Nigam shradha sharma Samta Sagar in Lead Roles. The show is being produced by Garima Productions.


http://www.tellydhamaal.com/har-shakh-par-ullu-baitha-hai-on-star-plus-cast-wiki-images-hd-pics-promo-timings/ 

Xbox One X

The Xbox One X, code named Project Scorpio, is the fifth video game console made by Microsoft, succeeding both the Xbox One and Xbox One S. It was announced at E3 on June 11th 2017. It was released on November 7th 2017. The Xbox One X was made with hardware for 4k resolution screens. This video game console has 6 Teraflops of graphical processing power, which in 2017 made it the most powerful console to date. The Xbox One X internal components also included 12 gigabytes of GDDR5 RAM, with 9 being available to games and the other 3 for multitasking. 12 gigabytes of GDDR5 RAM allow for data transfer speeds of up to 326GB/second. The Xbox One X works with all Xbox One software and accessories and has the same 2 USB 3.0 ports on the back and 1 USB 3.0 port on the front, now moved to the right side.

Avinesh Rekhi

Avinesh Rekhi (born 5 October 1985) is an Indian television actor. He made his debut in the 2008 Bollywood movie Ru Ba Ru and his TV debut by playing the main lead in Chhal — Sheh Aur Maat by Kabir Jaiswal. He then played a positive role in Sony India serial Main Naa Bhoolungi as Neeraj and a negative role in Colors serial Madhubala - Ek Ishq Ek Junoon with his character name Sultan. He has also worked in a few TV commercials. Currently he is playing the role of Uma Shankar (Male Lead) in Star Plus's show Tu Sooraj, Main Saanjh Piyaji.


February 2018 Israel–Syria incident

On February 10, 2018 an Israeli F-16 airplane was shot down by the Syrian Air defense force near the border between Syrian and Israel. Two pilots were injured. Two hours later, the Israeli force attacked Syria. Ever since the Iranian revolution 1979, it had been unusual for Israel to attack Syria. The attack can be considered part of the ongoing Iran-Israel Proxy Conflict in the Middle East. A proxy war is when two countries really mean to fight or compete with each other but instead attack each other's allies. Israeli Prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he did not want Iranians to have bases and put troops and weapons close to Israel's borders.


Joseph Bonnel

Joseph Bonnel (4 January 1939 – 13 February 2018) was a French football midfielder. He was born in Florensac, France.

Bonnel was part of France in the FIFA World Cup 1966. He scored 3 goals during the 1966 season.

Bonnel died on 13 February 2018 at the age of 79.

Newton Morton

Newton Ennis Morton (21 December 1929 – 7 February 2018) was an American population geneticist. He was born in Camden, New Jersey. He was one of the founders of the field of genetic epidemiology.

Morton died on 7 February 2018 in Southampton, England at the age of 88.

Ben Agajanian

Benjamin James "The Toeless Wonder" Agajanian (August 28, 1919 – February 8, 2018) was a former American football player. He was born in Santa Ana, California. He was a placekicker in the National Football League, and also in the All-America Football Conference and American Football League. 

Agajanian played for the Philadelphia Eagles, Pittsburgh Steelers, Los Angeles Dons/Rams, New York Giants, Green Bay Packers, Oakland Raiders and the San Diego Chargers.

Agajanian died in Cathedral City, California on February 8, 2018 of cardiopulmonary arrest at age 98.


Anne Treisman

Anne Marie Treisman (27 February 1935 – 9 February 2018) was an English-born American psychologist. She was born in Wakefield, Yorkshire. She worked at Princeton University's Department of Psychology. She researched visual attention, object perception, and memory. 

Treisman was known for creating the feature integration theory of attention, first published with G. Gelade in 1980. She taught at the University of Oxford, University of British Columbia, University of California, Berkeley and Princeton. 

In 2013, Treisman received the National Medal of Science from President Barack Obama. 

Treisman died on 9 February 2018 in New York City at the age of 82.

Grant McBride

Grant Anthony McBride (29 December 1949 – 12 February 2018) was an Australian politician. He was born in Sydney. McBride was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of The Entrance on the New South Wales Central Coast for the Australian Labor Party from 1992 to 2011.

In May 2007, McBride was appointed Assistant Speaker of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. On 8 November 2010, McBride announced that he would not run in the 2011 state election. 

McBride died in Sydney of Alzheimer's disease on 12 February 2018 at the age of 68.

Josefina Samper

Josefina Samper Rojas (8 May 1927 – 13 February 2018) was a Spanish syndicalist and feminist. She was a member of the Communist Party of Spain and wife of Marcelino Camacho. She was born in Fondón, Spain. She also organized the children of the neighborhood to warn using cans as a drum every time the police arrived in search of the hidden Republicans.

On November 25, 1975, King Juan Carlos I granted a pardon to the prisoners who had been imprisoned by the 1001 Process, including Marcelino Camacho.

Camacho died in 2010, afterwards she maintained a great activity as a transmitter of the memory and voice of her husband, offering frequent talks throughout Spain, helping to inspire the struggle for workers' rights to the new generations.

Samper died on 13 February 2018 at the age of 90.

1844 United States presidential election

In 1844, the United States chose James Polk over Martin Van Buren in the 1844 presidential election. People thought van Buren believed in dictatorship and was not fair, especially with Mexico. People also were on Polk's side because he had a good sense of leadership and was fair with everyone and tried to ignore Mexico when he had nothing to do with them.

Henrik, Prince Consort of Denmark

Prince Henrik of Denmark (; born Henri Marie Jean André de Laborde de Monpezat (11 June 1934 – 13 February 2018), was the husband and consort of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark from 1972 until his death in 2018.

Henrik was born in Talence, Gironde, France.

Henrik served as an infantry conscript in the French Army in the Algerian War between 1959 and 1962.

Henrik married Margrethe at the Church of Holmen on 10 June 1967 and became her consort when she succeeded her father, King Frederick IX, as monarch of Denmark on 14 January 1972.

He had two sons, Crown Prince Frederik (born 1968) and Prince Joachim (born 1969). He had eight grandchildren. Throughout his time as Prince consort, Henrik voiced his opposition with fact that he never received the title of Majesty or King.

He has also published many works of poetry. He was the first male Consort to a Danish monarch. Henrik retired from his royal duties on 1 January 2016, at the age of 81.

In August 2017, Henrik announced that he would not like to be buried alongside his wife Margrethe in the royal tomb.

On 6 September 2017, it was announced that Prince Henrik was suffering from dementia. On 28 January 2018, Prince Henrik was hospitalized at Rigshospitalet, following a visit to Egypt. It was later revealed that he had a benign tumor in the left lung and his condition worsened in February. He died a few weeks later on 13 February 2018 in Fredensborg Slot of pneumonia at the age of 83.

Titles 

11 June 1934-30 April 2008 Count Henri of Monpezat 

10 June 1967-2005 His Royal Highness Prince Henrik of Denmark 

2005-14 April 2016-13 February 2018 His Royal Highness The Prince Consort of Denmark 

14 April 2016-13 February 2018: His Royal Highness Prince Henrik of Denmark 


Michael Mullen

Michael Glenn "Mike" Mullen, AO, MSC (born October 4, 1946) is a former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Of Staff. He also served in the United States Navy. He fought in the Vietnam War and the Persian Gulf War.

Mullen is married to Deborah. They have two sons, John “JMuls” Mullen and Michael Edward Mullen. Both of them are Navy officers.

Imam Muslim

The full name of Imam Muslim is Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj (815 – 875). He is a Persian, Islamic, hadith scholar. His hadith collection, known as Sahih Muslim, is one of the six major hadith collections (Kutub al-Sittah) in Sunni Islam.

Josiah Henson

Josiah Henson (June 15, 1789 – May 5, 1883) was an author, abolitionist, and minister. Born into slavery, he escaped to Upper Canada and founded a settlement and laborer's school for other fugitive slaves at Dawn.

Rombach-le-Franc

Rombach-le-Franc is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Lawrence Hill

Lawrence Hill (born January 24, 1957) is a Canadian novelist, essayist and memoirist. He is best known for his 2013 Massey Lectures "Blood: The Stuff of Life", his 2007 novel "The Book of Negroes" and his 2001 memoir "Black Berry, Sweet Juice: On Being Black and White in Canada". Hill was born in Newmarket, Ontario.

Hill served as chair of the jury for the 2016 Scotiabank Giller Prize.

Snowdrop

The snowdrop is Galanthus, a genus of small herbaceous plants. There are about 20 species in this genus. They have two swordlike leaves and a small white bell-like drooping flower.

Wayback Machine

Wayback Machine is a website that has web pages from the past. It is a time machine of the internet.

The Internet Archive started the Wayback Machine in October 2001.

Ishq Subhan Allah

! Style=;background:green;" |
! Style=;background:green;" |

Ishq Subhan Allah (English: "Love, Oh My God") is an Indian television series that premiered on 14 March 2018 on Zee TV. Produced by Dheeraj Kumar, and written by Danish Javed, it starred Eisha Singh and Adnan Khan. It is set against a Muslim backdrop, it addresses political, religious and social issues including Triple talaq and Sharia law and aimed to dispel wrong notions about Islam.

On 15 October 2017, During the telecast of Zee Rishtey Awards while celebrating its 25th anniversary, Zee TV unveiled its new logo and announced the show by releasing a teaser of this series under the title "Subhan Allah" along with other three shows under its new strapline "Aaj Likhenge Kal".

Before its premiere, it was titled as "Ishq Pakeezah" but was later changed to "Ishq Subhan Allah".



"Ishq Subhan Allah" deals with the sensitive and burning issue of Triple Talaq due to which it received negative criticism from some Muslims. Following the first week of its premiere, the show created disappointment between the Muslims and a complaint was filed by Raza Academy, an Islamic association based in Mumbai against the show for the wrongful representation of religious facts and maligning the image of the religion.

The complaint by the academy stated that the show "shows Islam in a bad light, the scripts of the entire serial is made to understand that Islam religion needs a lot of changes, revival, amendments".


Luyana language

Luyana, also called Luyi, is a Bantu language of the Niger-Congo language family. It is spoken mostly in Zambia.

The language is taught in primary schools and secondary schools.

The language uses the Latin alphabet. It was made in 2011.

Johnny Sauter

Jonathan Joseph "Johnny" Sauter is an American racecar driver. He currently drives in the NASCAR Gander Outdoors Truck Series, driving the No. 98 Ford F-150 for ThorSport Racing. Sauter won the 2016 Camping World Truck Series championship.

Sauter gained national attention in 2001, when he won the ASA national Tour championship, when he won ten races. That same year, he ran a partial NASCAR Busch Series schedule for Richard Childress Racing. The following year, he ran a full season and earned his first win at Chicagoland Speedway. Sauter was also involved in one of the biggest crashes in NASCAR history, a thirty-plus car accident at Talladega Superspeedway. In 2003, Sauter split time between RCR and the Curb Agajanian team, driving 15 races for Curb and the other 19 for RCR. He also raced in his first five Winston Cup Series races with Morgan-McClure Motorsports.

In between the 2003 and 2004 seasons, Sauter signed with RCR to run the full Cup schedule and also with Brewco Motorsports to run the full Busch Series schedule. He joined teammates Kevin Harvick and Robby Gordon and crew chief Kevin Hamlin at RCR. Sauter ran the full Busch schedule, performing well on short tracks. However, he was released after thirteen Cup races. 

After moving from ThorSport Racing to GMS Racing before 2016, Sauter won the 2016 Truck championship. During the 2017 season, he was the first driver to test a standard engine for the Truck Series.

On the day of the last race of 2017, Sauter said that he would return to GMS in 2018.

Sauter is married with kids. He was born and raised in Necedah, Wisconsin and is a lifelong Catholic.

Union Carbide

Union Carbide Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary (since 2001) of Dow Chemical Company. It currently employs more than 2,400 people. Union Carbide produces chemicals and polymers that undergo one or more further conversions by customers before reaching consumers. Some are high-volume commodities and others are specialty products meeting the needs of smaller markets. Markets served include paints and coatings, packaging, wire and cable, household products, personal care, pharmaceuticals, automotive, textiles, agriculture, and oil and gas. The company is a former component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Union Carbide was 50.9% stakeholder in Union Carbide India Limited, the company responsible for the Bhopal disaster.

Founded in 1917 as the Union Carbide and Carbon Corporation, from a merger with National Carbon Company, the company's researchers developed an economical way to make ethylene from natural gas liquids, such as ethane and propane, giving birth to the modern petrochemical industry. Before divesting them, the chemical giant owned consumer products Eveready and Energizer batteries, Glad bags and wraps, Simoniz car wax, and Prestone antifreeze. The company divested other businesses before being acquired by Dow Chemical on February 6, 2001, including electronic chemicals, polyurethane intermediates, industrial gases and carbon products.


Lozi people

The Lozi people are a group of people mainly from western Zambia. They speak the Silozi language.

Cyril Ramaphosa

Matamela Cyril Ramaphosa (born 17 November 1952) is a South African politician. He is the 5th and current President of South Africa since the resignation of Jacob Zuma on 14 February 2018.

Ramaphosa was an anti-apartheid activist, trade union leader and businessman. Ramaphosa served as Deputy President of South Africa under Zuma from 2014 to 2018. He was elected as President of the African National Congress (ANC) at the ANC National Conference in Nasrec, South of Johannesburg in December 2017.

On February 10, 2020, Ramaphosa became Chairperson of the African Union. He was succeeded by Congolese President Félix Tshisekedi on February 6, 2021.

Débora Pérez Volpin

Débora Pérez Volpin (30 December 1967 – 6 February 2018) was an Argentine politician, journalist and television host. She was born in Buenos Aires. She was known as the presenter of the news Todo Noticias from 1996 until 2017 and the program " Arriba argentinos " from 2005 to 2017.

In 2017 she entered politics and was elected legislator of the City of Buenos Aires on the front Evolution of Martín Lousteau.

Pérez Volpin died of cardiopulmonary arrest in Buenos Aires on 6 February 2018 at the age of 50.

Martin van der Borgh

Martin van der Borgh (28 October 1934 – 12 February 2018) was a Dutch cyclist. Van der Borgh was born in Koningsbosch, Netherlands. Van der Borgh was active between 1954 and 1964. He won the Ronde van Limburg (1954), Tour du Nord (1961) and individual stages of the Tour de France (1960) and Tour de Luxembourg (1958, 1963). He also won the bronze medal in the road race at the 1954 UCI Road World Championships.

Van der Borgh died on 12 February 2018 in Brunssum, Netherlands of a stroke at the age of 83.

Sadako Ogata

Ogata died on 22 October 2019 in Tokyo at the age of 92; her death was announced on 29 October.

Thorvald Stoltenberg

Thorvald Stoltenberg (8 July 1931 – 13 July 2018) was a Norwegian politician. His ancestors stem from Tønsberg. He was the Minister of Defence (1979–81) and Minister of Foreign Affairs (1987–1989 and 1990–1993) in two Labour governments.

Stoltenberg's son, Jens, was the 27th Prime Minister and is the Secretary General of NATO.

From 1989 to 1990 he was appointed Norwegian Ambassador to the UN. In 1990 he became the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, but served only one year before rejoining the Norwegian government.

Stoltenberg died on 13 July 2018 at the age of 87 after a short illness.

Morgan Tsvangirai

Morgan Richard Tsvangirai (; 10 March 1952 – 14 February 2018) was a Zimbabwean politician. He was Prime Minister of Zimbabwe from 2009 to 2013. He was President of the Movement for Democratic Change – Tsvangirai (MDC-T) and a key figure in the opposition to former President Robert Mugabe.

Tsvangirai died on 14 February 2018 at a hospital in Johannesburg, South Africa from colorectal cancer at the age of 65.

Tito Francona

John Patsy Francona (November 4, 1933 – February 13, 2018) was a Major League Baseball player. As a child, he was nicknamed "Tito" by his father. His son, Cleveland Indians manager Terry Francona. He was born in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania.

Francona played for the Baltimore Orioles (1956–1957), Chicago White Sox (1958), Detroit Tigers (1958), Cleveland Indians (1959–1964), St. Louis Cardinals (1965–1966), Philadelphia Phillies (1967), Atlanta Braves (1967–1969), Oakland Athletics (1969–1970) and for the Milwaukee Brewers (1970).

Francona died at his home in New Brighton, Pennsylvania of natural causes on February 13, 2018 at the age of 84.

Antoni Krauze

Antoni Krauze (4 January 1940 – 14 February 2018) was a Polish screenwriter and director. He studied at the National Film School in Łódź (1966). He was born in Warsaw.

Krauze was known for his 2011 movie, "Black Thursday". He won an award at the Polish Film Festival in 2011 and FIPRESCI Prize at the Montréal World Film Festival in 2011.

Krauze died on 14 February 2018 in Warsaw of a heart attack at the age of 78.

Parkland high school shooting

On February 14, 2018, at 2:21 PM EST, a mass shooting occurred at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. It was near dismissal time when staff and students heard gunfire and enacted a "code red" lock down. At least 17 people were killed and many others injured. Originally, 20 people were reportedly injured, and the shooter was in custody with the Broward County Sheriff's Office. 

The suspect was transported to a local hospital for unknown reasons. He was transported from that hospital by the Sheriff's Office shortly thereafter. The shooter was later identified by police as 19-year-old Nikolas Cruz, who was previously expelled from the school. The weapon used was a semi-automatic rifle.

President Donald Trump tweeted "Prayers and condolences. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school". Demonstrations and petitions toward gun control were in effect, following the shooting.

On October 20, 2021, Cruz pleaded guilty to all charges and apologized for his actions. Sentencing was expected in January 2022, but it was delayed many times partly due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The trial started on July 18, 2022. On November 2, 2022, Cruz was sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole.

Northern Illinois University shooting

The Northern Illinois University shooting was a school shooting on February 14, 2008, at Northern Illinois University in DeKalb, Illinois. Steven Kazmierczak opened fire with a shotgun and three pistols in a crowd of students on campus. He killed five students and injuring an additional 17 people, before shooting himself.

The school placed the campus on lockdown; students and teachers were told to go to a safe place, take cover, and avoid the scene and all buildings near the scene of the shootings. Six people died in the incident, including the shooter, tying it with the University of Iowa shooting as the fifth-deadliest university shooting in United States history.

Alea iacta est

Alea iacta est is a Latin phrase that means "the die is cast (thrown)". Suetonius credits Julius Caesar as having said it on January 10, 49 B.C when he led his army across the Rubicon river in Northern Italy. It means things have happened that can't be changed back.

The phrase, either in Latin or in translation, is used in many different languages.

Marjory Stoneman Douglas

Marjory Stoneman Douglas (April 7, 1890 – May 14, 1998) was an American journalist, writer, feminist, and environmentalist. She was known for her strong support for defending the Everglades against efforts to drain it and reclaim land for development.

Douglas died at the age of 108 in Miami, Florida of natural causes on May 14, 1998. Upon her death, an obituary in "The Independent" in London stated, "In the history of the American environmental movement there have been few more remarkable figures than Marjory Stoneman Douglas."


Inflection point

An inflection point is a point on a curve where the curve changes from being concave (going up, then down) to convex (going down, then up), or the other way around.

An undulation point is like an inflection point but the type of curve doesn't change.

Falcon Heavy

Falcon Heavy is a reusable heavy-lift launch vehicle designed and made by SpaceX. It is inspired from the Falcon 9 vehicle. This increases the low Earth orbit (LEO) maximum payload to , compared to for a Falcon 9 Full Thrust, for Delta IV Heavy, for the Space Shuttle and for Saturn V. Falcon Heavy is the world's fourth-highest capacity rocket ever built, after Saturn V, Energia and N1, and the most powerful rocket in operation as of 2020. SpaceX conducted Falcon Heavy's first launch on February 6, 2018, at 3:45 p.m. EST (20:45 UTC). The rocket carried a Tesla Roadster belonging to SpaceX founder Elon Musk as a dummy payload into a path around the sun. The first commercial launch was on 11 April 2019, for Arabsat. It was a success.

Falcon Heavy was designed to carry humans into space, for example to the Moon and Mars, although as of February 2018, it is not certified and there are no plans to use it for crewed missions. It will instead be devoted to launching large satellites or space probes. Falcon Heavy would be replaced by Starship.


SpaceX's Falcon Heavy overview page 

Lerone Bennett Jr.

Lerone Bennett Jr. (October 17, 1928 – February 14, 2018) was an African-American scholar, author and social historian. He was born in Clarksdale, Mississippi. He was known for his analysis of race relations in the United States. His best-known works include "Before the Mayflower" (1962) and "Forced into Glory" (2000), a book about U.S. President Abraham Lincoln. He was an editor for "Ebony".

Bennett Jr. died in Chicago, Illinois on February 14, 2018 of vascular dementia at the age of 89.


Bob Eubanks

Robert Leland Eubanks (born January 8, 1938) is an American disc jockey, television personality, and game show host, best known for hosting the game show "The Newlywed Game" on and off since 1966. He also hosted the successful revamp version of "Card Sharks" from 1986 to 1989. 

Eubanks received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his television work in 2000. In 2005, he received a lifetime achievement Emmy Award from the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.


Symbol rate

Symbol rate (also called baud rate and modulation rate) is the number of symbols that happen each second. The name "baud rate" comes from Émile Baudot, the person who invented the Baudot code.

'Symbol' in this sense means something like 'basic signal event'. The word symbol usually has a much wider meaning.

Mysterious Skin

Mysterious Skin is a Dutch-American drama movie. It was directed and produced by Gregg Araki. Araki also did the screenplay.

The screenplay was based on a 1995 novel.

The movie premiered at the 61st Venice International Film Festival in 2004. But it wasn't widely released until 2005.

During summer 1981, Hutchinson, Kansas, two eight-year-old boys, Brian Lackey and Neil McCormick, are teammates in Little League baseball. Both boys have life-changing events.

Neil is the son of an irresponsible single mother. He is already learning he's homosexual. He is sexually abused by the Little League baseball coach, who leaves town afterward.

Brian has a neglectful father and working mother. He remembers it starting to rain during a game. The next thing he remembers is being inside a crawl space with a bloody nose. He doesn't have any memory of the intervening five hours.

Neil views his sexual abuse as love; he becomes mainly attracted to middle-aged men. He begins prostituting himself at age 15. Three years later, he moves to New York City. His best friend, Wendy Peterson, lives there.

For years after coming to in the crawl space, Brian has heavy nosebleeds, blackouts and wets the bed. When he's 18, Brian meets a woman, Avalyn Friesen, who believes aliens kidnapped her. They form a relationship. But when she comes on to him, he panics and refuses to speak to her again.

While trying to untangle his confused memories, Brian sees a photo of his Little League teammate Neil; he recognizes Neil as the boy from his dreams.

Brian wants to meet his former teammate Neil. But instead, he meets Neil's mother and his friend Eric Pressly; through Eric, Brian learns more on Neil.

After being beaten and raped, Neil returns to Hutchinson to celebrate Christmas with his mother.

Brian and Neil meet for the first time in over a decade. They break into a house that had been rented by the baseball coach. Neil begins telling Brian of that night.

When the baseball game was rained out, and Brian didn't have a ride home, the coach offered to drive Brian home with Neil. But instead, they went to the coach's house, where the coach had sex with the boys, and made the boys have sex with each other.

After the coach and Neil put Brian's clothes back on, Brian fell down face first on the floor, causing his bloody nose.

Learning the truth at last, Brian breaks down crying; Neil comforts him as Christmas carolers sing "Silent Night".


"Mysterious Skin" got positive reviews. Rotten Tomatoes rates this movie at 85%. Metacritic rated the movie 73 out of 100. And Roger Ebert gave it 3.5 stars out of four.

Motion Picture Association of America rated the movie NC-17; the studio appealed without success. The movie was then released unrated in the United States.

The movie was controversial in Australia, where Australian Family Association asked for a review of the movie's rating. They wanted to have "Mysterious Skin" banned due to its depiction of pedophilia. But the Classification Review Board voted four to two in favor of an R18 rating.

The movie got a Jury Award from Bergen International Film Festival in 2004. It also won the Polished Apple Awards in 2006.

Mastercard

Mastercard Incorporated is an American multinational financial services corporation in Purchase, New York, United States. Its business is to process payments between the banks of merchants and the card issuing banks or credit unions of the purchasers who use the "Mastercard" brand debit and credit cards.

Mastercard, first known as Interbank/Master Charge, was started by several California banks as a competitor to the BankAmericard by Bank of America, later the Visa credit card by Visa Inc. From 1966 to 1979, Mastercard was named "Interbank" and "Master Charge".

Level-5

Level-5 is a video game developer in Japan, was founder in October 1998, the first game was made is Dark Cloud first game made by Level-5 game release in 2000 Japan, in North America and Europe in 2001, Level-5 work together to relationships with Sony Interactive Entertainment to publish game, in early 2010s Level-5 is one of ten largest game companies in Japan, by early 2013 they held a 3.2% game sale in market.

University of Bern

The University of Bern (, , ) is a public university in the Swiss capital of Berne. It is the third-largest university in Switzerland. It has about 18,570 students. 

The University of Bern was founded in 1834. It is regulated and financed by the Canton of Berne. It is a comprehensive university offering a broad choice of courses and programs in eight faculties and some 160 institutes.


Émile Baudot

Jean-Maurice-Émile Baudot (11 September 1845 – 28 March 1903) was a French engineer and inventor. He was one of the first people to work in telecommunications. The baud, a type of measurement, was named after him.

Ernest P. Worrell

Ernest Powertools Worrell commonly known as Ernest P. Worrell is a fictional character portrayed by the late Jim Varney. Ernest was created by the Nashville advertising agency Carden & Cherry and was used in various local television ad campaigns.

Ernest, almost always dressed in a denim vest and baseball cap, appeared at the door of an unseen and unheard, but seemingly unwilling, next door neighbor named Vern. The spots were structured in a way to allow the viewer to be "Vern" as Varney looked directly at the camera whenever Vern was addressed. Ernest's seemingly pointless conversations with Vern – which were actually a monologue due to Vern never responding – inevitably rambled around to a favorable description of the sponsor's product, followed by his signature close, "KnowhutImean?" While Vern is never shown to ever say anything, it is implied that he finds Ernest to be an unwelcome pest due to him trying to slam his door in Ernest's face on a few occasions. Vern also shakes his head no whenever Ernest invites him to do something. Despite having good intentions, Ernest is utterly oblivious to Vern's apparent distress regarding him and always regards Vern as his closest friend and confidant.




Vest

A vest is a kind of clothing. It is worn on the upper part of the body. It has no sleeves.

In the United States and American English, a vest is a kind of clothing sometimes worn on top of a shirt.

In Britain and British English, a vest is a kind of clothing worn over the chest and below all other clothes on that part of the body.


Hwebul

Hwebul (Hangul: 훼불 "hwebul", Hanja: 毁佛) is derived from a Korean term. "hwe" means "destroy, damage, break" and "bul" means "Buddha, buddhist". The term means vandalizing or damaging Buddhist things. Such as setting fire or breaking into buddhist temples, destroying buddhist statues, or commit violence to monks or people who believe buddhism.

In 1998, A Christian destroyed about 750 Buddhist statues in a temple to change into church.
In 2000, In Dongguk University, A Korean Christian vandalized.- painted a crossed shape on a buddhist statue and wrote "Only Jesus" on a stairs.<br>In 2006, In Busan plaza, The Korean Christians prayed that let these churches be stood and these temples be destroyed.<br>In 2008, In Jogyesa Temple, offering envelopes were in it and bibles were written, “Believe in Jesus, or you will go to Hell“.

In 2012, In Donghwasa Temple, A pastor surnamed “Seong” broke into and vandalized in it. He wrote a cursing word on the nose on the buddhist picture as he went to dharma hall. Then he tore buddhist bible and urinated in incense burner.<br>
In 2016, In Gaeunsa Temple, A 50 years old pastor broke statues and things.


Don Carter (businessman)

Donald J. Carter (July 5, 1933 – February 14, 2018) was an American investor and businessman. He was born in Little Rock, Arkansas. He was a founding owner of the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the Dallas Sidekicks of the Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). He was known for always wearing a cowboy hat.

Carter died at his home in Dallas, Texas on February 14, 2018, at the age of 84.


Abdon Alinovi

Abdon Alinovi (6 May 1923 – 15 February 2018) was an Italian politician. He was born in Eboli, Italy. He was a member of the Italian Communist Party. In 1976, Alinovi was elected in the Chamber of Deputies, representing Naples until 1992.

Alinovi died in Naples at the age of 94 on 15 February 2018 of Alzheimer's disease.

Multan Sultans

Multan Sultans (Saraiki and Urdu: ملتان سلطانز) is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Multan and was founded in 2017. It is owned by Nasir Schon (Schӧn Properties). Shoaib Malik is the captain of Multan Sultans, while the head coach is Tom Moody.

Multan Sultans (MS) is a franchise named on behalf of Multan, a city of saints in Punjab, Pakistan. The franchise introduced in Pakistan Super League during season 3, the team owned by Ali Tareen & Alamgir Khan Tareen. Sultans have not shown the best performance till yet to achieve any title of Pakistan Super League. The franchise home ground is Multan Cricket Stadium, Multan and practice matches of MS played at this stadium. Multan Sultans 2020 squad and all players list released in PSL 2019 draft.

Battle of Hill 60 (Western Front)

Hill 60 was a man-made hill created in the 1860s from what was dug out from a nearby railway line. It had a height of 150 feet and was situated to the south-east of Ypres. It had been captured by the Germans in December 1914, giving them a strategic advantage due to its height.
Naturally the British wanted to take it back and so in April 1915 they began tunnelling. This use of offensive mining involved digging tunnels into and under the hill in order to place 5 mines beneath the hill. When they were detonated they literally blew the top off Hill 60 allowing the British to retake the crucial position.

All the men who joined the Tunnelling Companies were experienced miners; they came from the coal mines in Northumberland, from the sewers in Manchester and the tubes in London. Most of them had been digging since they were 10 years old, with generations of mining history and were often shorter than regular soldiers.
In the barbaric, secret wars below ground; it was these men who experienced one of the highest death rates.

Unfortunately almost as soon as the battle for Hill 60 was finished, the Second Battle of Ypres began. In these significant battles, the Germans used chlorine gas for the first time. And by the end of the battle, the Germans had moved two miles closer to Ypres, on the eastern side of the salient.

Sunan ibn Majah

Sunan Ibn Majah () is one of the six major Sunni hadith collections (Kutub al-Sittah). The Sunan was authored by Ibn Majah. It contains over 4,000 hadith in 32 books (kutub). Sunnis consider this collection as sixth in strength of their six major Hadith collections.

Nested radical

In algebra, a nested radical is a root that has another root inside. formula_1 and formula_2 are nested radicals.

Operand

In mathematics, an operand is a number or variable being worked on in an equation or inequality.

In formula_1, the operands are 3, 5, and 2, and the operators are formula_2 and formula_3.

Operands have different names depending on the operation that is done to them.



















Mentorship

Mentorship is when a person who is more experienced in a subject tutors another person to help them learn more about the subject. It is the process of guiding and influencing a personal and professional growth in an organization. Mentorship requires the mentor to have more experience in the subject they're tutoring in than the person teaching, also called a mentee. Mentorship is complete when the mentee has the same level of knowledge about the subject as the mentor. 

Don't Forget

Don't Forget is the first studio album by American singer-songwriter Demi Lovato. It was released on September 23, 2008 through Hollywood Records. It had the singles "Get Back", "La La Land" and "Don't Forget".

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Don't Forget".

Vestas

Vestas Wind Systems A/S is a Danish maker of wind turbines. It was founded in 1945. As of 2013, it is the biggest wind turbine maker in the world.

The company was founded in 1898.

In 2007, Vestas started a first Danish whistleblower program.

In 2013, Vestas in cooperation with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries creating MHI-Vestas, including the 7-9 MW Vestas V164, the most powerful turbine on Earth.

In 2016, the company took 7th place in the Clean200 list.

Saadia Sohail Rana

Saadia Sohail Rana () is a Pakistani politician who has been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, since May 2013.

She was born on 23 April 1968 in Lahore.<ref name="pap/2013"></ref>

She has the degree of Bachelor of Arts.

She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 2013.

Rukhsana Kokab

Rukhsana Kokab () is a Pakistani politician who has been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, since May 2013.

She was born on 25 September 1954 in Lahore.<ref name="pap/2013"></ref>

She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 2013.

Raheela Yahya Munawar

Raheela Yahya Munawar () is a Pakistani politician who has been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, since June 2013. Previously, she has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2007.

She was born on 10 June 1957 in Gujranwala.<ref name="pap/2013"></ref>

She has completed graduation and earned the degree of Bachelor of Arts.

She was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 2002. In August 2003, she was appointed Parliamentary Secretary for Health.

She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a reserved seat for women in June 2013.

Raheela Naeem

Raheela Naeem () is a Pakistani politician who has been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, since May 2013.

She was born on 2 July 1976 in Lahore.<ref name="pap/2013"></ref>

She graduated from Government College for Women in Lahore in 1997 and earned the degree of Bachelor of Arts.

She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 2008.<ref name="pap/2008"></ref>

She was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PML-N on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 2013.

Raheela Anwar

Raheela Anwar () is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from May 2013 to May 2018.

She was born on 20 February 1956 in Jhelum.<ref name="pap/2013"></ref>

She has completed matriculation level education.

She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 2013.

Khawla bint Tha'labah

Khawlah bint Tha'labah () was one of the female companions of Muhammad. She is mentioned in the Quran in the 58th chapter. Zihar was accepted as a form of divorce during pre-Islamic times and one day her husband Aous bin As-Samit divorced her by this method. Soon after, it was revealed in the 58th chapter, verse 1 as:

Pakistan Secretariat

Pakistan Secretariat (, "Diwan-e-Insha Pakistan") is the headquarter of the Cabinet and Government of Pakistan. It is located on Constitution Avenue in Islamabad. It is also called Pak Secretariat.


Jim Bridwell

Jim Bridwell (July 29, 1944 – February 16, 2018) was an American rock climber and mountaineer. He was active from 1965 until his death in 2018. He especially performed in Yosemite Valley, but also in Patagonia and Alaska. He was known for pushing the standards of both free climbing and big-wall climbing, and later alpine climbing. He has written many articles on climbing for leading sport publications.

Bridwell died in Palm Desert, California on February 16, 2018 from complications of hepatitis C at the age of 73.

Prescott, Arizona

Prescott ( ) is a city in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States. According to the 2020 Census, the population of the city is 45,827. The city is the county seat of Yavapai County.

In 1864 Prescott was designated as the capital of the Arizona Territory. The Territorial Capital was moved to Tucson in 1867. Prescott again became the Territorial Capital in 1877, until Phoenix became the capital in 1889.

Fifty Shades Darker (movie)

Fifty Shades Darker is an American erotic and romantic drama movie. It was directed by James Foley. The movie was based on the E.L. James novel of the same name. It is the second movie in the "Fifty Shades" series.

When Anastasia "Ana" Steele leaves Christian Grey, he has nightmares of his abusive childhood.

Ana begins a new job as an assistant to Jack Hyde, an editor at the Seattle Independent Publishing. His last three assistants had quit within the last 18 months.

Ana unexpectedly runs into Christian at the opening of her friend Jose Rodriguez' photography exhibit. She's upset Christian bought all of Jose's portraits of Ana.

Christian wants Ana back. He agrees to her terms of no rules, no punishments and no more secrets.

When Jack and Ana head for an after-work drink, A young woman walks up to Ana. The woman looks like her. Christian arrives at the bar. He acts coolly towards Jack. He then leaves quickly with Ana.

Ana again notices the same woman seeing her and Christian from a distance. He tries to brush off Ana's question about who the woman is. Christian later says that she's Leila Williams, a former submissive. After their contract ended, Leila wanted more. Christian then ended the relationship. Leila married a man who later died, causing her to have a mental breakdown. She's stalking Ana and Christian.

Before the Grey family's annual charity ball, Christian takes Ana to a beauty salon, Esclava. The salon is owned by Elena Lincoln. Elena is Christian's former dominant. She introduced him to BDSM. Ana is angry that Elena and Christian are business partners.

When they arrive home, Ana and Christian find out that Leila has vandalized Ana's car. At Ana's apartment, Leila threatens her with a gun. Christian and his bodyguard, Jason Taylor, enter. Christian controls Leila by becoming her dominant. Ana, seeing Christian's need to be dominant, leaves. She returns hours later. She needs time to consider marrying Christian.

Christian drops to his knees, then admits he's not a dominant. Instead, he's a sadist who enjoyed hurting women who looked like his birth mother. He then says he would like to change. But Ana needs more time before she accepts.

At Christian's birthday party, Elena accuses Ana of being a gold digger. Ana tells Elena to stop interfering. Christian overhears the argument. He tells Elena she taught him how to have sex; Ana taught him how to love. Christian's adoptive mother, Grace, tells Elena to leave for good.

Later that evening, Christian proposes to Ana. She accepts.


Universal Pictures and Focus Features got the rights to the "Fifty Shades" trilogy in March 2012.
The first book of the series was adapted into a movie with the same name; it was released on February 13, 2015. On April 22, 2015, E.L. James' husband Niall Leonard wanted to write the script for the sequel.

The movie was released on Friday, February 10, 2017 by Universal Pictures.

On November 10, 2016, "Fifty Shades Darker" was given an R rating by Motion Picture Association of America for strong erotic sexual content, some graphic nudity and language.

Many critics gave the movie negative reviews.

Richard Roeper gave the movie two out of four stars.

The movie was nominated for several Razzie Awards, including the Worst Picture, the Worst Actress and Worst Supporting Actress.

Michael Crouch

Michael Jenkins Crouch (27 May 1933 – 9 February 2018) was an Australian businessman. He was born in Sydney. He served as Chairman of the private company Midgeon Holdings Pty Ltd. Until December 2013 he was also Executive Chairman of Zip Industries, a manufacturing company he founded following his acquisition in 1962 of Zip Heaters.

Crouch died in Sydney of complications from Parkinson's disease on 9 February 2018 at the age of 84.

2018 Winter Paralympics

The 2018 Winter Paralympics were held between 9 and 18 March 2018 in Pyeongchang, South Korea. They are the 12th edition of the Games. The IOC chose South Korea as the host nation at the IOC Congress in Durban on 6 July 2011.

Around 550 people from 42 countries are expected to participate in the 2018 Games. Four countries gone to their first Winter Paralympics. They are Pakistan, Georgia, North Korea and Tajikstan.

Just like at the Olympics which happened the month before, there are no athletes from Russia taking part in the Paralympics under their country's name because the IOC found out many of them had been doping. Those who were not caught could compete as an "Olympic Athlete from Russia".

Six sports were at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. Between them, they will award 80 medals. Unlike the 2014 Winter Paralympics, para-snowboarding is not included with para-alpine skiing at the 2018 Games. The sport is giving 10 medals in 2018. In 2014, it only gave 2. These medals will be fought for by around 670 people, 24% more than competed at the Sochi Games.
In mid-2015, the International Paralympic Committee made the last list for medal events at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.

Competition takes place in two main areas. They are the mountain area and the coastal area. 

Mountain area:

Coastal area:

The Calendar of Paralympic Winter Games 2018 is below. Blue boxes show group play and round robin play. Yellow boxes show when there are races where medals are awarded. The number shows the number of medals awarded that day.

There was little interest in the Paralympics in South Korea. Two weeks before the Games started, less than 10% of the available tickets were sold. A sledge hockey game was held to get people interested the Games. Almost no one attended.

Eastern Front (World War II)

The Eastern Front during World War II or the Great Patriotic War was where the Axis countries and the Soviet Union fought. It began in 1941 with Operation Barbarossa and ended in 1945 by the Soviet soldiers capturing Berlin. Both the Axis countries and the Soviet Union had many millions of soldiers, and both sides lost millions.

Romania, Italy and other Axis members joined the war, and Finland fought the Continuation War against the Soviet Union in cooperation with the bigger Axis war.

The Eastern Front is called the "Great Patriotic War" in Russia, and it is sometimes called the "Soviet-German War" in the West. 

About four fifths of the Axis soldiers killed in World War II died on the Eastern Front. Even more millions of Soviet soldiers died. Many war crimes were committed by German troops. The Eastern Front was the most important conflict in Europe during World War II.

The winter of 1941-1942 began unusually early. It was not noted as being particularly bad by the Soviets, but the Germans were accustomed to warmer temperatures and so were ill-prepared. The Germans' equipment broke down in the cold, and some men were still wearing summer uniforms, which they stuffed with newspapers in an attempt to stay warm. Many German soldiers froze to death in the extreme cold.

The partly successful Operation Barbarossa was followed in 1942 by the failed "Fall Blau" (Case Blue), which was intended to take the Caucasus region and its oilfields.

A few years later, the Soviets pushed the German soldiers and invaded the German-occupied territories in Eastern Europe. The Soviets then invaded Germany itself and fought the Battle of Berlin, the final battle before Germany's surrender. Although the Soviets eventually repelled the Germans, the tremendous cost was five times as many Soviet deaths as Germans.


Ibn Majah

Abu Abdillah Muhammad ibn Yazid ibn Majah (), commonly called Ibn Majah was a Persian, hadith scholar. His hadith collection Sunan ibn Majah is one of the six major hadith collections.
Ibn Majah was born in Qazwin, the modern-day Iranian province of Qazvin, in 824 CE. Majah was the nickname of his father, and not that of his grandfather. Al-Dhahabi mentioned following of Ibn Majah's works:

Dream Girl - Ek Ladki Deewani Si

Dream Girl - Ek Ladki Deewani Si is an Indian television drama show. Wich is premiered on 9 March 2016 on Life OK. The Will be produced by Shashi Sumeet Mittal Productions. It stared by Shraddha Arya, Nikita Dutta and sudeep Sahir, Khalid Siddiqui. The show went to off air on 4 March 2017.


Muskaan

Muskaan (English: "Smile") is an Indian Television Series, which airs on Star Bharat. It premiered on 29 May 2018. The Show is produced by Rashmi Sharma and is directed by Dilip Kumar. It stars Sonakshi Save and Ariena Dey in Supporting Roles.Muskaan Replaced The Comedy Show Jai Kanhaiya Lal Ki.

Muskaan is a heart-warming tale of a mother’s boundless love for her daughter. The story beautifully weaves various emotions and moments that a mother experiences while raising a daughter to give her a bright and a healthy future.

The journey of Muskaan begins with a phase where the mother is compelled to keep her daughter away from her for years to a phase where she is brought back into a world where playing Hide and Seek is the only way to sustain. Why Muskaan is kept unaware of her reality? What makes her mother hide her in a box of darkness?

The truth behind the mysteries of the innocent child’s and the mother’s life will be unveiled during the journey of the mother-daughter duo.


1. http://www.tellydhamaal.com/muskaan-serial-on-star-plus-cast-wiki-story-character-real-name-hd-photos-pics-promo-timings/ 

2.http://tvserialupdates.blog/muskaan-star-bharat-serial-cast-promo-timings-story-wiki-characters-real-names-post

Flag of San Marino

The flag of San Marino has two equal horizontal bands of white and light blue, with the national coat of arms superimposed in the center.

Flag of Colombia

The national flag of Colombia was created in 1861.

It has a horizontal tricolour of yellow (double-width), blue and red.

Roggenhouse

Roggenhouse is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.



North Ridgeville, Ohio

North Ridgeville is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Jacobsen syndrome

Jacobsen syndrome (also known as 11q deletion syndrome) is a gene mutation caused by the deletion of certain genes on chromosome 11. The number of deleted genes can be anywhere from 5 million to 16 million pairs of DNA. The effects of Jacobsen include brain development issues, unique facial features, and often a bleeding disorder called the Paris-Trousseau syndrome.

Marie Émilie de Joly de Choin

Marie Émilie Thérèse de Joly, "Mademoiselle de Choin" (2 August 1670 – 1732), was the second wife of Louis o France, Dauphin o France, ""Grand Dauphin"". As she was a member of the minor nobility, her marriage to the dauphin of France was never publicly announced. She was introduced to court as a lady-in-waiting to The Dowager Princess o Conti who was also very close to her half brother Louis of France, Dauphin of France, ""Le Grand Dauphin"". The first wife of the Dauphin, Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria died in 1690 leaving behind three children. Pregnant at the time of her secret marriage to the dauphin (thought to have taken place on 19 July 1694) she gave birth to a son who died two years after birth without being named. After the death of her husband in 1711, she retired to Paris where she died in april 1732. She was buried at the cemetery of "Saint Paul des Champs" in Paris. 


Fossil word

A fossil word is a word that isn't used anymore except in one idiom or phrase.


Sohaagi Sindoor

Sohaagi Sindoor was a Bengali Soap Opera that premiered on January 18, 2016, and aired on Colors Bangla.It was produced by Chayabani Balaji. It started Ronita Das and Souptik Chakravorty in lead roles and Mallika Ghosh as the main antagonist.

http://www.newstechcafe.com/2016/01/sohagi-sindoor-colors-bangla-upcoming.html#axzz57TE71JnA

Madina Nalwanga

Madina Nalwanga (born February 2, 2002) became famous for her lead role in Disney's Queen of Katwe. The film depicts the life of Phiona Mutesi, a Ugandan girl living in a slum in Katwe. For her role in the film, she won most promising actor award at 2017 Africa Movie Academy Awards in Lagos, Nigeria.

Born in the poor Kampala's slum of Katwe, she spent their childhood selling corn on the streets of Katwe.

Central business district

A central business district (CBD) is the commercial and business center of a city. It contains offices and shops. In larger cities, it may be called the city's "financial district". It is often located in the city center but not always. 

Examples of CBDs include Midtown Manhattan which is the largest central business district in New York City or the Xinyi Planned Area in Taipei

The city's history influences the way a CBD looks. Some cities have strong laws that forbid tall buildings, to retain the character of the history and culture. This is quite common for European cities such as Paris or Vienna. In cities in the New World a single central area or downtown will often contain most of the metropolitan area's tallest buildings and act both as the CBD and the commercial and cultural city centre. Increasing urbanization in the 21st century has created megacities, particularly in Asia, that will often have multiple CBDs scattered across the urban area.

Xinyi District

Xinyi District () is a district in Taipei City. The Taipei City government and Taipei City Council have their head offices there. Other major places in the district are Taipei 101, Taipei International Convention Center, Taipei World Trade Center, National Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall and various shopping malls and entertainment venues, making it the most cosmopolitan district of Taipei. Xinyi District is also thought to be the financial district of Taipei.

2018 Oaxaca earthquake

On February 16, 2018, an earthquake with a magnitude 7.2 hit in southern Mexico. One report said that a military helicopter crashed near the earthquake. It's most likely that 14 people were killed, and that 15 people were hurt from the earthquake.

Tranquillo Cremona

Tranquillo Cremona (10 April 1837 – 10 June 1878) was an Italian painter. He painted mostly portraits, but he also painted historical subjects such as "Marco Polo At The Court of Kubla Khan".

Cremona was born in Pavia. When he was a young man he trained with the artist Giovanni Carnovali. He lived in Venice from 1852 to 1859. Then he moved to Milan. In Milan he became part of the Scapigliatura movement. Cremona died in Milan from a sudden intestinal blockage. The illness was caused by poisoning from the oil paints which he made himself. He tested them by spreading them on the bare skin of his arms.


Checking account

A checking account is a deposit account held at a financial institution that allows withdrawals and deposits. Also called demand accounts or transactional accounts, checking accounts are very liquid and can be accessed using checks, automated teller machines and electronic debits, among other methods.

In Britain the term is "current account".

Biathlon at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

The Biathlon events at the 2018 Paralympic Winter Games will be held on March 10, 2018, March 13, 2018 and March 16, 2018 at the Alpensia Biathlon Center.

There are three types of individual events:
Categories of disabilities for the biathlon include vision impaired (VI), standing physical disability and sitting physical disability.

Snowboarding at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

The snowboard events at the 2018 Paralympic Winter Games will be held on March 12, 2018 and March 16, 2018 at Bokwang Phoenix Park .

This is the first time that the discipline is officially represented at the Games. At the earlier edition of the Games, snowboarding was included with para-alpine skiing events .

Two types of events will be present:
Disability categories are either upper body (SB-UL) or lower body (SB-LL-1 and SB-LL-2). There are ten medals people can win. They are in SBX: SB-LL1 Men, SB-LL1 Women, SB-LL2M, SB-LL2W, SB-UL Men; BSL: SB-LL1 Men, SB-LL1 Women, SB-LL2M, SB-LL2W, and SB-UL Men.

Wheelchair curling at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

The Wheelchair Curling event at the 2018 Paralympic Winter Games will be held at the Gangneung Curling Centre.

Each team needs to have one or more women.

Team members for all countries are listed in the table below. 

All times are local (UTC+9).

"Saturday, 10 March, 14:35"
"Saturday, 10 March, 19:35"
"Sunday, 11 March, 9:35"
"Sunday, 11 March, 14:35"
"Sunday, 11 March, 19:35"
"Monday, 12 March, 9:35"
"Monday, 12 March, 14:35"
"Monday, 12 March, 19:35"
"Tuesday, 13 March, 9:35"
"Tuesday, 13 March, 14:35"
"Tuesday, 13 March, 19:35"
"Wednesday, 14 March, 9:35"
"Wednesday, 14 March, 14:35"
"Wednesday, 14 March, 19:35"
"Thursday, 15 March, 9:35"
"Thursday, 15 March, 14:35"
"Thursday, 15 March, 19:35"

"Friday, 16 March, 15:35"

"Saturday, 17 March, 9:35"
"Saturday, 17 March, 14:35"

Brera Academy

The Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera ("academy of fine arts of Brera"), also known as the Accademia di Brera or Brera Academy, is a state-run art school in Milan, Italy. Its main building is the Palazzo Brera. The Pinacoteca di Brera, Milan's main public museum for art, is also located in the building. The Palazzo Brera was built in 1615 to designs by the Milanese architect Francesco Maria Richini (1584–1658).

The academy was founded in 1776 by Maria Theresa of Austria. Other important institutions were also housed in the Palazzo Brera during that time. These included an observatory, botanical gardens, science laboratories, a library, and the Scuole Palatine (schools for philosophy and law). The Pinacoteca di Brera as been located in the building since 1806. 

In 1891, the first "Triennale di belle arti" exposition was held at the academy. The exposition took place every three years. Each exhibition had a special theme. The first one was devoted to new trends in the plastic arts. The exhibit included some of the first examples of Italians painting in the pointillist style.

Like other state-run art academies in Italy, the Accademia di Brera falls under the Italian ministry of education and research. It awards first- and second-level degrees, specialised degrees, master's degrees and doctorates.

The accademia has three departments:

The academy has about 3,800 students, including about 1,000 foreign students (mostly postgraduates).

Abolfazl Anvari

Abolfazl Anvari (9 February 1938 – 14 February 2018) was an Iranian heavyweight freestyle wrestler. He was born in Saveh, Iran. He won bronze medals at the 1966 and 1969 World Championships and at the 1970 Asian Games. He placed fourth at the 1967 World Championships and sixth at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Anvari died on 14 February 2018 in Tehran at the age of 80. 

Pier Paolo Capponi

Pier Paolo Capponi (9 June 1938 – 15 February 2018) was an Italian actor and screenwriter. He was sometimes credited as Norman Clark. He was known for his roles in "The Cat o' Nine Tails", "Valerie Inside Outside", and in "A Season of Giants".

Capponi died on 15 February 2018 in Torri in Sabina at the age of 79.

Heli Lääts

Heli Lääts (24 June 1932 – 16 February 2018) was an Estonian singer (mezzo-soprano). Her career began in the mid-1950s. Lääts performed estrada, chamber, pop, polka, and jazz music.

During her career, Lääts also recorded and performed a number of children's songs. She also released several albums, recorded music for Eesti Raadio, and recorded songs with Mikk Mikiver and Jaak Joala. Some of her best-known songs in Estonia include "Tsirkus," "Oma laulu ei leia ma üles," and "Tänav, pink ja puu." 

Lääts died at age 85 on 16 February 2018 in Tallinn.

Hans Rinner

Hans Rinner (18 March 1963 – 16 February 2018) was an Austrian businessman and football administrator. From 7 December 2009 until his death, he was the President of the Austrian Football Bundesliga. Rinner was also the owner and manager of a refrigeration company. He was born in Semriach, Austria.

From 2007 to 2010 he was president of SK Sturm Graz and then until 2016, member of the Supervisory Board. Since 2016 he was honorary president of the club.

Rinner died on 16 February 2018 in Salzburg, Austria of pancreatic cancer at the age of 54.


Blas Calzada Terrados

Blas Calzada Terrados (8 June 1937 – 17 February 2018), was a Spanish economist. He was born in Valladolid, Spain. He served as Chairman of Instituto Nacional de Estadística from 1977 through 1979. He later served as President of Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores from 2001 through 2004.

Calzada Terrados was one of the founders of the economy magazine "Cambio 16". Later he held the chairmanship of the Technical Advisory Committee of the IBEX 35 (CAT) and president of the La Salle Innovation Park.

Calzada Terrados died of stomach cancer in Madrid on 17 February 2018 at the age of 80.

Idrissa Ouédraogo

Idrissa Ouédraogo (21 January 1954 – 18 February 2018) was a Burkinabé movie director, screenwriter and movie producer. He was born in Banfora, Burkina Faso. He was best known for his movies "Tilaï", which won the Grand Prix at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival and "Samba Traoré" (1993), which was nominated for the Silver Bear award at the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.

Ouedraogo died in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso on 18 February 2018 at the age of 64.


Emmanuele Kanyama

Emmanuele Kanyama (25 December 1962 – 17 February 2018) was a Malawian Roman Catholic bishop. 

Kanyama was ordained to the priesthood in 1990. He served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dedza, Malawi, from 2007 until his death.

Kanyama died of complications from diabetes on 17 February 2018 at the age of 55.

Flag of Georgia (country)

The flag of Georgia (; "sakartvelos sakhelmtsʼipo drosha"), also known as the Five Cross Flag (; "khutjvriani drosha") has a white rectangle, with in its central portion a large red cross that extends to the edge of the flag. In the four corners there are four "Bolnur-Katskhuri" crosses of the same color.

Puerto Rico FC

Puerto Rico FC is a football club which plays in Puerto Rico.

Didier Lockwood

Didier Lockwood (11 February 1956 – 18 February 2018) was a French jazz violinist. He played in the progressive rock/jazz fusion band Magma in the 1970s. He was known for his use of electric amplification and experimentation on different sounds on the electric violin. He was born in Calais, France.

Lockwood died on 18 February 2018 in Paris of a heart attack at the age of 62.


Khatumo State

A region within Somalia.

Most residents belong to the Dhulbahante tribe.


Wildflowers (Tom Petty album)

Wildflowers is the second solo studio album by American musician Tom Petty, released on November 1, 1994. The album was the first released by Petty after signing a contract with Warner Bros. Records and the first of three albums produced by Rick Rubin. 

Four singles were released from the album between 1994 and 1995, the most successful of which, "You Don't Know How It Feels", reached #13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and topped the Album Rock Tracks chart for one week. The song named after the album was also popular.

"Rolling Stone" placed "Wildflowers" at number 12 on their list of the best albums of the 1990s.

Nimki Mukhiya

Nimki Mukhiya is an Indian television series that premiered on 28 August 2017. It is broadcast on Star Bharat. Bhumika Gurung and Abhishek Sharma play the main protagonists.

Saam Daam Dand Bhed (TV Series)

Saam Daam Dand Bhed is India's political drama TV serial. The show is basically genre of revenge drama with political flair in it. The storyline of the show is loosely inspired from Netflix mega show House of Cards. It is produced by Shakuntalam Telefilms. The show went on air on August 28, 2017 on Star Bharat.

Triacontagon

A triacontagon or 30-gon is a shape with 30 sides and 30 corners.

All sides of a regular triacontagon are the same length. Each corner is 168°. All corners added together equal 5040°.

The amount of space a regular triacontagon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

Tetracontagon

A tetracontagon or 40-gon is a shape with 40 sides and 40 corners.

All sides of a regular tetracontagon are the same length. Each corner is 171°. All corners added together equal 6840°.

The amount of space a regular tetracontagon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

Take It Off

"Take It Off" is a song by American singer Kesha. It is the fourth single from her debut album, "Animal". It was released by RCA Records on July 13, 2010. The song has reached the top ten in the US and Canada and the top 15 in the UK. The song was certified platinum in the US for shipments of one million copies there.

Below Her Mouth

Below Her Mouth is a 2016 Canadian erotic and romantic drama movie. It premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival. It was filmed in Toronto over three and a half weeks. It had an all-female production crew.

Jasmine is a successful fashion editor. She's living with her fiance in Toronto
On her night out to the city with her best friend, she meets a woman named Dallas (a roofer who is just recently out of a relationship). The two different women are sexually attracted to each other. Jasmine is surprised by this. Dallas is working on the house next to Jasmine's.

Jasmine goes with Dallas to her low-rent apartment. The two have sex with each other.

Jasmine deals with feelings over being sexually involved with another woman. But she is afraid her affair with Dallas may ruin her engagement with her fiance if it ever becomes known.


"Below Her Mouth" premiered in the United States on April 28, 2017.

The approval rating from Rotten Tomatoes is 22% based on 23 critics' reviews.

Diego Semerone gave the movie 0.5 stars out of 4. He said: "The film is an unquestionably pornographic fantasy barely trying to pass as something other than masturbation material. "Below Her Mouth"'s stiff acting and dialogue suggest a "Blue is the Warmest Color" influence reduced to sexy aesthetics of lesbian sex."

Katie Walsh from the Los Angeles Times said: "Despite female filmmakers at the helm, the film treads into the exploitative territory, with the ratio of screen time given to writhing female bodies far outweighs that given to their unique experience as gay or closeted women in the world."

Giuseppe Bertini

Giuseppe Bertini (11 December 1825 – 24 November 1898) was an Italian painter, active in Milan. Most of his early paintings were on historical subjects. Later in life, he specialised in portraits. Some of his most famous paintings were frescos. He also designed several stained glass windows made by his brother Pompeo.

Bertini was born in Milan. He studied at the Brera Academy under Luigi Sabatelli and Giuseppe Bisi. In 1845 was awarded the Brera's Grand Prize in Painting for his picture of the meeting between Dante and Fra Ilario. Between 1848 and 1860 Bertini sometimes taught painting at the Brera Academy. When the academy was reorganized in 1860, he was made a permanent professor there. He was in charge of one of the academy's two schools of painting. Francesco Hayez was in charge of the other one. Bertini remained a professor at the academy until the end of the 19th century. Francesco Filippini was one of his students.



International Standard Name Identifier

The International Standard Name Identifier (ISNI) is a 16-digit number which uniquely identifies people who have contributed to creative works such as books, newspapers, music, plays, movies, and television programs. The ISNI Agency runs the database of numbers. It is part of the International Organization for Standardization. 

The ISNI Agency holds public records of over 9.8 million identities. The ISNI database project began in 2011.

Union List of Artist Names

The Union List of Artist Names (ULAN) is an online database containing the names, alternative names, and biographies of visual artists and architects. It also contains other information such their patrons, and the subjects of portraits they have created. The ULAN is run by the Getty Research Institute. The institute began developing the database in 1984. 

Giovanni Carnovali

Giovanni Carnovali (29 September 1804 – 5 July 1873) was an Italian painter. He was also known as Piccio, a nickname which means "little one". Most of his paintings were portraits but he also painted scenes from the Bible and Greek and Roman mythology.

Carnovali was born in Montegrino Valtravaglia, a small town near Varese. His father was a bricklayer. Carnovali showed a very early talent in drawing. In 1815, when he was 11 years old, he was admitted to the Carrara Academy in Bergamo. His first major public work was "The Education of the Virgin". He painted it in 1826. The painting was ordered by the parish church in Almenno San Bartolomeo, a small town near Bergamo. In 1836 Carnovali settled in Milan. His pupils included Tranquillo Cremona.

Carnovali was an eccentric person. He spent hours silently looking at landscapes. He took long trips on foot. In 1831 he walked all the way from the north of Italy to Rome and back. He also walked to Paris in 1845. He liked to be alone. He often did not answer when people knocked on the door of his studio. Carnovali died in 1873 while he was swimming in the Po River near Cremona.


Animal Rights Militia

The Animal Rights Militia (ARM) is an animal rights group. The ARM does not have a leader. It is inspired by the Animal Liberation Front (ALF) which also does not have a leader. An ARM group may be just one person. Members of the ARM think violence is justified. Members of the ALF do not think this is true.

Zvi Arad

Zvi Arad (16 April 1942 – 4 February 2018) was an Israeli mathematician. He was born in Tel Aviv. He served as President of Netanya Academic College from 1994 until his death in 2018. In 2000 his book was published in the series "American Mathematical Society Memoirs" and in January 2002 another book on table algebras was published in the international publication.

Arad died in Petah Tikva, Israel on 4 February 2018 at the age of 75.


Pavel Panov

Pavel Georgiev Panov (; 16 September 1950 – 18 February 2018) was a Bulgarian football player and coach. He played as a midfielder or striker.

Panov started his career with Septemvri Sofia in 1963 and stayed there until 1968. He played in forty-four games and scored thirteen goals for the Bulgarian national team.


Thermochromism

Thermochromism is a chemical property where the temperature of a substance can change its color. An example of an item that shows thermochromism is a mood ring.


Verdabbio

Verdabbio was a municipality of the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Leggia and Verdabbio merged into the municipality of Grono.


MGR Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam

MGR Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam was founded by S. Thirunavukkarasu. This party was split from the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam to join the BJP alliance. MGR ADMK was part of National Democratic Alliance. It took part in the Central government of Atal Bihari Vajpayee. Later was merged with BJP.

In the legislative assembly elections in Tamil Nadu 2001, 3 candidates from MGR ADMK participated(supported by NDA). From them two candidates were elected. The party received 129,474 votes in the election as total.

All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam

The All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (transl. "All India Anna Dravidian Progressive Federation"; abbr. AIADMK) is an Indian political party. The party has a large amount of influence in the state of Tamil Nadu and union territory of Puducherry. It is a Dravidian party. The party was founded by former chief minister of Tamil Nadu M. G. Ramachandran. Edappadi K. Palaniswami is the current General Secretary of the Party.

The party has won a seven-time majority in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly. It is the most successful political outfit in the state's history. It is currently the main opposition party in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.

The headquarters of the party is called Puratchi Thalaivar M.G.R. Maaligai. It is located at Avvai Shanmugam Salai, Royapettah, Chennai. The building was givento the party in 1986 by the wife of Ramachandran, V. N. Janaki Ramachandran. She was a former chief minister of Tamil Nadu and the second president of the party.

M. G. Ramachandran (M.G.R.) founded the party at Madurai on 17 October 1972. It was created as a seperate faction of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam. This was done after M. Karunanidhi forcted Ramachandran to leave the party for asking for accounts as party treasurer. From 9 February 1989 to 5 December 2016, AIADMK was led by former chief minister of Tamil Nadu J. Jayalalithaa. She was the general secretary of the party. Jayalathaa was known as the "Mother of AIADMK" . She was very well liked by the people of Tamil until her death in 2016.

Pete Buttigieg

Peter Paul Montgomery Buttigieg (; born January 19, 1982) is an American politician. He is the 19th and current United States Secretary of Transportation during the Joe Biden administration. He was the 32nd Mayor of South Bend, Indiana from 2012 through 2020. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

In 2017, Buttigieg ran for Chair of the Democratic National Committee in its 2017 chairmanship election, but lost the election. In January 2019, Buttigieg announced his plans to run for President of the United States in the 2020 election. He formally launched his campaign on April 14, 2019. Buttigieg narrowly won the Iowa caucus, despite losing the popular vote to U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders. He soon lost the later primaries in New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina. He ended his campaign on March 1, 2020.

In December 2020, then President-elect Joe Biden chose him to be United States Secretary of Transportation. He was confirmed by the United States Senate in February 2021. He became the first openly gay individual and the first millennial member of the United States Cabinet.

In January 5, 2017, Buttigieg announced his candidacy for Chair of the Democratic National Committee in its 2017 chairmanship election. He withdrew from the race on the day of the election and lost to Tom Perez.

Buttigieg was mentioned as a possible candidate for President of the United States in the 2020 U.S. presidential election since late 2017. If elected, Buttigieg would have been the first openly gay U.S. President.

On January 23, 2019, Buttigieg announced his candidacy for President. He made a formal announcement on April 14, 2019.

At the Iowa caucuses, Buttigieg narrowly won more pledged delegates than any other candidate. Most news organizations use this number to determine the winner. With this win, he became the first openly gay candidate to earn presidential primary delegates from a major American political party. He ended his campaign almost a month later after losing the South Carolina primary by a large number of votes.

On June 8, 2020 it was announced that the University of Notre Dame had hired Buttigieg as a teacher and researcher for the 2020–21 academic year.

On December 15, 2020, then President-elect Joe Biden announced that he would nominate Buttigieg to be Secretary of Transportation.

Buttigieg was confirmed on February 2, 2021, with a vote of 86-13.

On June 16, 2015, Buttigieg announced in an essay that he is gay. He is the first openly gay executive in Indiana. On December 28, 2017, Buttigieg announced his engagement to Chasten Glezman. They were married in June 2018.

In August 2021, Buttigieg announced on his personal Twitter account that he and his husband were in the process of adopting children. Buttigieg announced that they had welcomed two newborn fraternal twins (Penelope Rose and Joseph August) on September 4, 2021.


Peter Rabbit (movie)

Peter Rabbit is an American-Australian 2018 3D live-action/CGI animated adventure comedy movie directed by Will Gluck. It is based on the stories of the character of the same name created by Beatrix Potter. The movie stars Domhnall Gleeson, Rose Byrne, and Sam Neill with the voices of James Corden, Daisy Ridley, Margot Robbie, Sia and Elizabeth Debicki with Bryan Brown.

The movie was released on February 9, 2018. It received mixed reviews from critics and has grossed $54 million worldwide.


Herschell Gordon Lewis

Herschell Gordon Lewis (June 15, 1926 – September 26, 2016) was an American filmmaker. He was best known for creating the "splatter" subgenre of horror movies. He is often called the "Godfather of Gore".

Yoshiko Kuga

Kuga is known for her roles in "Drunken Angel" (1948), "The Idiot" (1951), "Older Brother, Younger Sister" (1953), "The Woman in the Rumor" (1954), "Equinox Flower" (1958), "Good Morning" (1959), "Cruel Story of Youth" (1960), "Zero Focus" (1961), "The Story of Osaka Castle" (1961) as Kobue and "Toki o Kakeru Shōjo" (1997).

In 1961, Kuga married Akihiko Hirata.

Cross-cultural communication

Cross-cultural communication is a field of study that seeks to understand how people from differing cultural backgrounds communicate - in similar and different ways among themselves - and how they achieve communication across cultures. Intercultural communication is a related field of study. Intercultural communication is sometimes used synonymously with cross-cultural communication.

Système universitaire de documentation

Système universitaire de documentation or SUDOC is a shared database used by the libraries of universities and other higher education institutions in France. It identifies, tracks and manages the documents which they hold. The SUDOC online has more than 10 million references. It allows students and researchers to find bibliographical and location information in over 3,400 document centers. It is maintained by the "Agence bibliographique de l'enseignement supérieur" (Bibliographic Agency for Higher Education).


Once Were Warriors (movie)

Once Were Warriors is a 1994 New Zealand drama movie based on New Zealand author Alan Duff's bestselling 1990 first novel. The movie tells the story of the Hekes, an urban Māori family, and their problems with poverty, alcoholism, and domestic violence, mostly brought on by the patriarch Jake. The movie was directed by Lee Tamahori and stars Rena Owen, Temuera Morrison and Cliff Curtis.

Snowmass, Colorado

Snowmass (sometimes known locally as Old Snowmass) is an unincorporated community and a U.S. Post Office in Pitkin County, Colorado, United States. It is in the valley of the Roaring Fork River, near the mouth of Snowmass Creek. It is on State Highway 82 between Aspen and Basalt. It consists largely of a post office, several commercial businesses, and surrounding houses and ranches. The Snowmass Post Office has the ZIP Code 81654.

Pitkin County, Colorado

Pitkin County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S. state of Colorado. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,358. The county seat is Aspen. The county is named in honor of the late Colorado Governor Frederick Walker Pitkin. Pitkin County has the seventh-highest per capita income of any county in the United States.

Manoj Kumar (actor)

Manoj Kumar (born Harikishan Giri Goswami on 24 July 1937) is an Indian actor and director in Bollywood. He is remembered for his movies "Hariyali Aur Raasta", "Woh Kaun Thi?", "Himalaya Ki God Mein", "Do Badan", "Upkar", "Patthar Ke Sanam", "Neel Kamal", "Purab Aur Paschim", "Roti Kapda Aur Makaan", and "Kranti". He is known for acting in and directing movies with patriotic themes, and has been given the nickname Bharat Kumar.

In 1992, he was honoured with the Padma Shri by the Government of India. India's highest award in cinema, the Dadasaheb Phalke Award, was bestowed him in 2015.

Istituto Centrale per il Catalogo Unico

Istituto Centrale per il Catalogo Unico or ICCU (in English Central Institute for the Union Catalogue of Italian Libraries and for Bibliographic Information) is an Italian government agency. It manages the network and online of the Italian National Library Service ("Servizio bibliotecario nazionale" or SBN). It also manages Internet Culturale, an online collection of digitized documents and pictures held in Italian libraries. The ICCU publishes books and reports on library science in Italy and organizes conferences on library science. ICCU numbers serve as . As of February 2012, the ICCU had authority controls for the names of over 43,000 people.

The ICCU was officially created in 1975. Its first director was Angela Vinay (1922–1990). The ICCU replaced the Centro nazionale per il catalogo unico (National Single Directory Center). That organization was founded in 1951 to start building a single catalog for all of Italy's libraries.


Kudamurutti River

Kudamurutti River is a tributary of the Kaveri River. It separates from the main river near the town of Thirukattupalli. It is one of the five acred river flowing through Thiruvaiyaru.

Paul Konerko

Paul Henry Konerko (; born March 5, 1976), nicknamed Paulie, is an American Major League Baseball first baseman who played for the Los Angeles Dodgers (1997–1998), Cincinnati Reds (1998), and Chicago White Sox (1999–2014). While he played for the White Sox, Konerko was an All–Star six times, and he helped the White Sox beat the Houston Astros to win the World Series in 2005.

Croc: legend of the Gobbos

Croc: Legend of the Gobbos is a platforming video game created by Argonaut Games in 1997. It was made for the PlayStation, and versions of it were later created for the Sega Saturn and for Microsoft Windows computers. The game stars Croc, a green crocodile, who must save his friends, the Gobbos, from the evil Baron Dante.

The game was originally created as a game with Yoshi, a character from Nintendo"'s Super Mario" series of video games. However, Nintendo did not allow the creators to use the character, so a brand new character was created instead. "Croc: Legend of the Gobbos" sold well, and was a success for Argonaut. A second game was made in 1999, called Croc 2.

Paralympic Nordic skiing

Para-Nordic skiing is a type of skiing for people with disabilities. It includes two sports. They are cross country skiing and biathlon. Both sports are for blind people and people with physical disabilities.

Biathlon uses the same rules created by the International Biathlon Association (IBU). Some changes have been made to the rules by the International Paralympic Nordic Skiing Committee (IPNNC).

Biathlon is two sports combined. These sports are shooting and cross country skiing. Biathlon has several types of races. They are 7.5 km, 12.5 km, and pursuit. During the race, people shoot their guns two to four times. Each time they shoot, they take five shots. Depending on the competition, there are two different consequences for missing. They may get a points penalty. They may have to ski a penalty distance.

Blind people and people with physical disabilities compete in the biathlon. People with physical disabilities are separated into two groups. These are standing skiers and sitting skiers.

Blind people use a special electro-acoustic firing system. Their helmets have a wireless connection with their weapons. Using their headphones, they can locate the target. The closer their weapon is aimed at the target, the louder the sound.

The rules for cross country skiing are similar to the ones created by International Ski Federation (FIS). They have been modified by the International Para Nordic Skiing Committee (IPNNC). Blind people and people with physical disabilities compete in cross country skiing. People with physical disabilities are separated into two groups. These are standing skiers and sitting skiers. People with physical disabilities who ski while standing are classified from LW2 to LW9. People with physical disabilities who use a sit ski are classified from LW10 to LW12. People who are blind are classified from B1 to B3. People who are blind use a guide skier. Guide skiers tell a blind skier which direction to ski.

Because people with different types of disabilities ski against each other, a system has been created to make the results more fair. The person with the best time does not always win. Instead, the finishing time is multiplied against a percentage. The percentage is based on how difficult a person's disability makes it to ski. The time multiplied by the percentages gives a new time result. This new time is used to determine who wins a race.

Wheelchair curling

Wheelchair curling is a type of curling. It is for people with physical disabilities.

Curling started to be at the Olympic Games in 1998. Wheelchair curling was introduced to the Winter Paralympics program in 2002. People from 16 countries played wheelchair curling in 2017.

Wheelchair curling is governed by the World Curling Federation. Wheelchair curlers play on teams of four people. One person on the team throws a 19.96 kilogram granite stone across an ice track. The track is 45 meter long. At the end of the track is a big circle. It has 4 rings. The diameter is 183 centimeters. There is a dot in the center. A team tries to get their stones the closest to the center. After each team throws ten stones, the team with the most stones closest to the center wins.

The person who throws the stone sits in their chair on a rubber mat. They use a special stick to assist in throwing the stone.

People who can play wheelchair curling have to have a disability. There are several eligible types of disabilities. They include paraplegics, people with cerebral palsy, people with amputations of the lower limbs, and people with multiple sclerosis.

Para-snowboarding

Para-snowboarding is a type of snowboarding. People with physical disabilities compete in para-snowboarding.

Because people with different types of disability snowboard, people are separated into three groups. In Paralympic sport, these are called classes. The classes are SB-LL1, SB-LL2 and SB-UL.

Financial regulation

Financial regulation is supervision of financial institutions to certain rules and guidelines.

The aim is to keep the financial system honest and legal. Regulation may be done by either a government or non-government organization. Also, financial regulation has increased the variety of financial products available.

In the early modern period, the Dutch were the pioneers in financial regulation. The first recorded regulation was a ban on short selling done by the Dutch authorities in 1610.

The objectives of financial regulators are usually:

Kalapani

Kalapani is a territory disputed between India and Nepal. It has been  embroiled in controversy since mid-1996, shortly after the ratification of the Mahakali treaty with India by Nepal’s Parliament. India claims the area is part of Uttarakhand’s Pithoragarh district, while Nepal believes it to be part of its Dharchula district.

Mountain pine beetle

Mountain pine beetle (Dendroctonus ponderosae) is a species of insect pest which lives in the forests of western Canada and the United States. The beetle feeds on the inner bark of pine trees like the lodgepole pine, forming tunnels under the bark to lay their eggs. Normally, the mountain pine beetle prefers to attack sick or old trees because they can't defend themselves easily. However, sometimes the beetles become so numerous that they will group up and start attacking healthy trees in massive outbreaks. This makes the control and monitoring of mountain pine beetle very important for the forest industry in Canada and the U.S., because massive outbreaks of mountain pine beetle can kill entire forests.

Recently, a large outbreak of the beetle in British Columbia became a major problem, killing millions of trees across the province. Due to global warming making it easier for the beetle to survive high in the Canadian Rockies, the beetle was able to spread into Alberta, Canada, where the beetle has never been seen before. Scientists are worried that there is nothing stopping the mountain pine beetle from spreading across the entire continent now. 

Anthony Cumia

Anthony Cumia (born April 26, 1961) is an American radio personality and broadcaster. He was born in Elwood, New York.

Cumia is best known as the co-host of the "Opie and Anthony" radio show with Gregg "Opie" Hughes that aired from 1995 to 2014, alongside comedian Jim Norton from 2001.

In 2014, Cumia was fired by SiriusXM Radio after posting a series of tweets, which they deemed to be "racially-charged and hate-filled". He started his own video podcast soon after named "The Anthony Cumia Show", which aired until September 2017. He has since been the co-host of "The Artie and Anthony Show" with comedian and actor Artie Lange.

Scuol

Scuol is a municipality of the district Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is the largest municipality by area in Switzerland.

Scuol is a well known spa town and ski resort. It is the business center of the Unterengadin valley.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Ardez, Guarda, Tarasp, Ftan and Sent merged into the muncipality of Scuol.


Tom Brewer

Thomas Austin Brewer (September 3, 1931 – February 15, 2018) was an American baseball player. He was born in Wadesboro, North Carolina. He played for the Boston Red Sox from 1954 to 1961. Brewer was selected to play in the 1956 Major League Baseball All-Star Game.

Brewer died in Cheraw, South Carolina on February 15, 2018 at the age of 86.


Orlando Cepeda

Orlando Manuel "Peruchin" Cepeda Pennes (; born September 17, 1937) is a Puerto Rican former Major League Baseball first baseman. He is a member of the National Baseball Hall of Fame. He was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico.

During a 17-year career, he played with the San Francisco Giants (1958–66), St. Louis Cardinals (1966–68), Atlanta Braves (1969–72), Oakland Athletics (1972), Boston Red Sox (1973), and Kansas City Royals (1974). 

Cepeda was selected to play in seven Major League Baseball All-Star Games during his career, becoming the first player from Puerto Rico to start one.

Satellite Awards

The Satellite Awards are annual awards given by the International Press Academy that are commonly known in entertainment industry journals and blogs. 

The awards were originally known as the Golden Satellite Awards. The award ceremonies take place each year at the InterContinental Hotel in Century City, Los Angeles.

Teresa Gisbert Carbonell

Teresa Gisbert Carbonell de Mesa (November 30, 1926 – February 19, 2018) was a Bolivian architect and art historian. She specialized in the history of the Andean region. She was born in La Paz, Bolivia. 

From 1954 to 1970, she taught Bolivian culture and art history in the Faculty of Humanities at the Higher University of San Andrés and in 1972 and 1975 she taught American Art in the Faculty of Arquitecture of this same institution. She directed the Bolivian Cultural Institute from 1985 to 1989 and was president of the International Council on Monuments and Sites in Bolivia from 1986 to 1992.

Gisbert Carbonell in La Paz on February 19, 2018 at the age of 91.

Peggy Cooper Cafritz

Peggy Cooper Cafritz (born Pearl Alice Cooper; April 7, 1947 – February 18, 2018) was an American art collector, educator, civil rights activist, philanthropist and socialite. She was born in Mobile, Alabama, and studied at Georgia Washington University.

In 1968, she organized a black arts festival and had inner-city students in to the festival. This program became the magnet school Duke Ellington School of the Arts, which she and Malone founded in 1974 and which they modeled after New York City's High School of Performing Arts.
Cafritz died of complications from pneumonia in Washington, D.C. on February 18, 2018 at the age of 70.

Tourist attraction

A tourist attraction is a place of interest where tourists like to visit because of its looks, beauty, culture, nature, history, fun and how it feels to be there. 

There are different kinds of tourist attractions.
Some are "natural" such as beaches, tropical island resorts with coral reefs, hiking and camping in national parks, mountains, deserts and forests. Some are cultural such as historical places, monuments, ancient temples, zoos, aquaria, museums and art galleries, botanical gardens, buildings and structures (e.g., castles, libraries, former prisons, skyscrapers, bridges), theme parks and carnivals, living history museums, signs, ethnic enclave communities, historic trains and cultural events. Factory tours, industrial heritage, creative art and crafts workshops are the object of cultural niches like industrial tourism and creative tourism. Many tourist attractions are also landmarks.

Sokoto River

The Sokoto River (formerly known as Gublin Kebbi) is a river in north-west Nigeria. It flows from River Niger. The river start from near Funtua in the south of Katsina State, some in a straight line from Sokoto. It flows north-west passing Gusau in Zamfara State, where the Gusau Dam forms a reservoir that supplies the city with water. 
The river enters Sokoto State where it passes by Sokoto city and is joined by the Rima River. It then turns south and flows through Birnin Kebbi in Kebbi State for about south of Birnin Kebbi. Sokoto river also meets with the Niger River.

The land around the river is used for farming. The river is used to supply water to the plants. The river is also an important means of transport. The Bakolori Dam, about upstream from Sokoto, is a major reservoir on the Sokoto River. It has had significant impact on downstream floodplain cultivation.

Rima River

The Rima River is a river in the northern part of Nigeria. The Goulbi de Maradi river flows by its northernmost point it. It runs southwest and joins the Sokoto River near Sokoto, then continues south to the Niger River. The upper Rima is a seasonal river and flows only during the rainy season.
The Zauro polder project, a major irrigation scheme, has been planned for many years. It would supply water to of farmland in the Rima floodplain between Argungu and Birnin Kebbi.

Zauro polder project

The Zauro polder project is an irrigation plan for the Rima River floodplain in Kebbi State, Nigeria. 

The project started because the yearly rainfall in Kebbi, is not much. It is about . The temperatures are about , ranging from between April and June.
With these, there is little or no farming. Dams and irrigation plans are ways by which the government wants to use the abundant water of the rainy season for farming in the dry season.

The state government and the federal ministry of agriculture and water resources started the plan for the project started in 1969. However, there have been repeated delays.

As at July 1995 there was nothing being done on the project.
In March 2003, while campaigning for reelection in Birnin Kebbi, President Olusegun Obasanjo promised to complete the project.
In October 2006 the Federal and Kebbi state governments signed a memorandum of understanding for execution of the project, at an estimated cost of N15 billion.
In May 2008 President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua ordered work to start immediately on the first part of the project, which was now estimated to cost over N18.5 billion.
In January 2009 Kebbi State governor Sa'idu Dakingari said work would soon start.

Goulbi de Maradi River

The Goulbi de Maradi is a river in south central Niger and north central Nigeria. Its source is near Katsina in Nigeria, and its end in the Rima River.
It important for farming and rearing cattle in the Niger cities of Maradi, Guidan Roumdji, and Madarounfa, where it flows through. The Goulbi de Maradi never flows more than from the Niger–Nigeria border. It is a seasonal river and flows only during the rainy season.

Tōta Kaneko

, (September 23, 1919 – February 20, 2018) was a Japanese writer. He was born in Chichibu, Saitama. He studied at the University of Tokyo and worked for the Bank of Japan.

Kaneko started to write poems (haiku) helped by his father Mitsuharu Kaneko. In his career, he won Cikada Prize (2005), Person of Cultural Merit (2008), Kikuchi Kan Prize (2010) and Asahi Prize (2015).

Kaneko died on February 20, 2018 of pneumonia in Kumagaya, Saitama at the age of 98.


Zigmas Zinkevičius

Zigmas Zinkevičius (January 4, 1925 in Juodausiai, Ukmergė district – February 20, 2018 in Vilnius) was a Lithuanian linguist-historian, professor at Vilnius University, and a full member of the Lithuanian Academy of Sciences. He has contributed to studies in the history of languages, onomastics 

Zinkevičius was a recipient of the Herder Prize, which was presented to him in 1994. Zinkevičius was the author of 30 academic books and several hundred scientific publications in various languages.

Manohar Parrikar

Manohar Gopalkrishna Prabhu Parrikar (13 December 1955 – 17 March 2019) was an Indian politician. He was the leader of Bharatiya Janata Party. He was the Chief Minister of Goa from 14 March 2017 to 17 March 2019. He was Chief Minister of Goa from 2000 to 2005 and from 2012 to 2014. He worked under Prime Minister Narendra Modi as Defence Minister of India from 2014 to 2017.

In October 2018, it was announced that Parrikar had pancreatic cancer. He died on 17 March 2019 from the disease at his home in Panaji, Goa at the age of 63.

Barry Crimmins

Barry Crimmins (July 3, 1953 – February 28, 2018) was an American stand-up comedian and political satirist. He was the author of "Never Shake Hands with a War Criminal".

Crimmins founded two comedy clubs, The Ding Ho and Stitches, in the 1980s in Boston. Shows at these clubs, produced by Crimmins, included performances by comedians Steven Wright, Paula Poundstone, Bobcat Goldthwait, Kevin Meaney, Jimmy Tingle and many others.

Crimmins's life and work in comedy and politics are the subject of a documentary called "Call Me Lucky" (2015) directed by Bobcat Goldthwait.

In January 2018, Crimmins was diagnosed with cancer and said that the diagnosis is "not very well". He died of the disease one month later on February 28, 2018, in Syracuse, New York at the age of 64.


Steven Wright

Steven Alexander Wright (born December 6, 1955) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, writer, and Oscar-winning movie producer. He is known for his low voice and slow, deadpan delivery of ironic comedy. He is known for his Oscar-winning short movie "The Appointments of Dennis Jennings" (1988).

Wright was ranked as the 15th Greatest Comedian by "Rolling Stone" in a list of the 50 Greatest Stand-up Comics.

Tom Landry

Thomas Wade Landry (September 11, 1924 – February 12, 2000) was an American football player and coach. Landry won two Super Bowl titles (VI, XII). He was born in Mission, Texas. He played for the New York Giants from 1950 to 1955. He coached the Dallas Cowboys 1960 to 1988.

Landry died in Dallas, Texas on February 12, 2000 of leukemia at the age of 75.

Institute for Advanced Technology in the Humanities

The Institute for Advanced Technology in the Humanities (IATH) is a research institute at the University of Virginia in the United States. It specializes in the use of Information technology in the humanities.The institute was founded in 1992 with money donated by IBM. In 2010, the institute developed the Social Networks and Archival Context (SNAC) database. This database has s for people and what other people have written about the person. The database also tells which libraries have the writings about the person. Each person in the database has their own unique number. As of 2016, the SNAC database had entries for 2.5 million people.


Northern California

Northern California is a region of California. The definitions of it vary, but it usually contains the area around San Francisco and Sacramento. About 15 million people live in Northern California.


Pen y Fan

Pen y Fan () is the highest peak in South Wales, in the Brecon Beacons National Park. At above sea-level, it is also the highest British peak south of Cadair Idris in Snowdonia. The twin summits of Pen y Fan and Corn Du at were formerly referred to as Cadair Arthur or 'Arthur's Seat'.

The mountain and surrounding area are owned by the National Trust whose work parties attempt to combat the erosion caused by the passage of thousands of feet up and down this most popular of South Wales' peaks. The mountain is used by the military as part of the selection process of the UK's Special Forces personnel. Three soldiers who died after collapsing in the field in July 2013 were believed to have been climbing the mountain (see "Fan Dance") while undergoing Special Air Service selection.

LIBRIS

LIBRIS is the online of the Swedish national library system. It combines the catalogs of 175 libraries in Sweden. The catalog is run by the Swedish National Library in Stockholm. LIBRIS has . It also has bibliographical information about the books held in Sweden's libraries and which libraries hold the books. The LIBRIS database is linked to the Semantic Web. The LIBRIS project was begun in 1970. In 2011 the bibliography and authority files were released into the public domain. As of 2014, LIBRIS contained approximately seven million separate book titles.

Wild Fire (band)

Wild Fire is an American rock band founded in Biloxi, Mississippi on November 5, 2015. The band consists of three members: Zack Sawyer on vocals, Wade Sigue on guitar and Tyler Voss on bass. The band released a single on November 5, 2015 called "Villain", which was later included in their debut album that was released on May 23, 2017 titled "Revolt." "Revolt" contains 15 tracks, one of them being a cover of Dr. Hook's Cover of the Rolling Stone, which was the final track of the album. The band's music is influenced by artists such as Korn, Incubus, Sevendust, Nothing More, Periphery, Twelve Foot Ninja, Avenged Sevenfold, and vocalist Zack Sawyer's past experiences. Wild Fire has been featured at 1065 Fest 2016, Rocklahoma 2017, Gulfport Music Fest 2017, and Inktober Fest 2017.

Wild Fire was founded on November 5, 2015 in Biloxi, Mississippi. Wild Fire is originally a transformation from a local band called "Cathercist," which was active for five years before Wild Fire was founded. The band released their first debut album titled "Revolt" on May 23, 2017. the lead single of the album is titled "Villain", which is the band's most popular recording as of February 21, 2018, the music video of the song reaching over 4 million views on YouTube and streamed more than 600,000 times on Spotify. The single also peaked at number 82 of The Media Base Rock Charts in the 3rd quarter of 2017.

In an interview, when Roberts was asked about "Villain", he said that the song was about being a villain after he hinted that he didn't write the song. he cited The Joker as an inspiration, saying that "there's always been something so fascinating about [Joker]. He's a villain you fall in love with and every now and again, you can find yourself in those same shoes, so his character becomes very relatable."

The band covered one of Dr. Hook's songs titled "Cover of the Rolling Stone", which is included in "Villain". Sawyer revealed that his cousin, Ray Sawyer, is a member in Dr. Hook, and that he's been supportive through the recording process of his band's debut album.

the band started touring across the United States after the release of "Revolt". They announced their first show on December 15, 2017, opening for Sleeping With Sirens in the House of Blues Parish Room in New Orleans. In early 2018, the band announced a free concert at the House of Blues alongside of Appetite for Destruction and a tribute band to Guns N' Roses. Sawyer revealed plans for a new record in summer 2018.

Manila International Airport

Manila International Airport (shortly known as MIA) and commonly known named by Ninoy Aquino International Airport, is an international airport for Manila and its surrounding metropolitan area. It is located along the border between the cities of Pasay and Parañaque, about south of Manila proper and southwest of Makati.


French Southern and Antarctic Lands

These Islands are islands owned by France, they are some of the south most inhabited islands in the world. They are in the Southern Ocean or Antarctic Ocean. Residents include visiting military personnel, government officials, research scientists and support staff.

South Wales

South Wales () is the region of Wales located near England and the Bristol Channel to the east and south, and Mid Wales and West Wales to the north and west. The most densely populated region in the southwest of the United Kingdom. It has a population of about 2.2 million people. The Brecon Beacons national park covers about a third of South Wales. The park also contains Pen y Fan, the highest mountain south of Snowdonia. 

The region's boundary is not specifically known. It is considered that Glamorgan, Monmouthshire, Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire are a part of it. By the west, from Swansea westwards, local people would probably say that they lived in both South Wales and West Wales because of the overlap in the artificial boundaries.

Sajid Nawaz

Sajid Nawaz Khan (; born 25 March 1975) is a Pakistani politician and a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since June 2013.

Khan was born on 25 March 1975<ref name="pildat/dob"></ref> to a politician Haji Mohammad Nawaz. He has a degree of Master of Business Administration.

He joined politics after the death of his father Haji Mohammad Nawaz. He ran for the seat of Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa as an independent candidate from constituency PF-7 (Peshawar-VII) in the , but was unsuccessful. He got 2,038 and lost the seat to a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party.

He later joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) and was awarded a PTI ticket to run in 2013 election despite opposition from the PTI Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.<ref name="dawn/2june2013"></ref>

He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of PTI from Constituency NA-3 NA-3 (Peshawar-III) in Pakistani general election, 2013. He got 66,528 votes.

Arnold Henry Guyot

Arnold Henry Guyot ( ) (September 28, 1807February 8, 1884) was a Swiss-American geologist and geographer. The guyot was named after him.

Guyot was born on September 28, 1807 at Boudevilliers, near Neuchâtel, Switzerland. He schooled at the college of Neuchâtel, Chaux-de-Fonds. In 1825, he traveled to Germany and lived in Karlsruhe where he met Louis Agassiz. From Karlsruhe he moved to Stuttgart, where he studied at the gymnasium. He returned to Neuchâtel in 1827. He determined to enter the ministry and started at the University of Berlin to attend lectures. While in college, he also attended lectures on philosophy and natural science. His leisure time was spent in collecting shells and plants, and he received an entrée to the Berlin Botanical Garden from Humboldt. In 1835, he received the degree of PhD from Berlin.

In 1838, his friend, Agassiz, suggested that he visited the Swiss glaciers. He visited the Swiss glaciers and communicated the results of his six-week investigation to the Geological Society of France. He was the first to point out certain important observations relating to glacial motion and structure. He also noted the more rapid flow of the center than of the sides, and the more rapid flow of the top than of the bottom of glaciers; described the laminated or ribboned structure of the glacial ice; and ascribed the movement of glaciers to a gradual molecular displacement rather than to a sliding of the ice mass as held by de Saussure. He also went on to collect important data concerning erratic boulders.

In 1839, he became the colleague of Agassiz as professor of history and physical geography at the College of Neuchâtel (a.k.a. Neuchâtel Academy). When the institution got suspended in 1848, Guyot travelled to the United States, where he settled in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He delivered lectures for a course at the Lowell Institute which were later published as "Earth and Man" (Boston 1849). For several years the Massachusetts Board of Education employed him as a lecturer on geography and methods of instruction to the normal schools and teachers' institutes.

He was occupied with this work until in 1854, when he was appointed professor of physical geography and geology at Princeton University. This was his office until his death. He was also for several years lecturer on physical geography in the State Normal School in Trenton, New Jersey, and from 1861 to 1866 lecturer in the Princeton Theological Seminary. He also gave courses in the Union Theological Seminary, New York, and at Columbia College. He founded the museum at Princeton, many of the specimens of which are from his own collections.

His scientific work in the United States included the perfection of plans for a national system of meteorological observations. Most of these were conducted under the Smithsonian Institution. His extensive meteorological observations led to the establishment of the United States Weather Bureau, and his "Meteorological and Physical Tables" (1852, revised ed. 1884) were long standard.
A guyot, also known as a tablemount, is an isolated underwater volcanic mountain (seamount), with a flat top over 200 metres (660 feet) below the surface of the sea. The diameters of these flat summits can be more than . The term "guyot" was coined by Harry Hammond Hess and named after Arnold Guyot.

Guyot rejected Darwin's theory of human evolution and, at the same time, he accepted Hugh Miller's views on the book of Genesis, thinking that the days described there might have taken a longer period of time. Scientist James Dwight Dana described Guyot as "a fervently religious man, living as if ever in communion with his Heavenly Parent; a Christian, following closely in the footsteps of his Master."


Triacontadigon

A triacontadigon or icosidodecagon is a shape with 32 sides and 32 corners.

All sides of a regular triacontadigon are the same length. Each corner is 168°. All corners added together equal 5400°.

The amount of space a regular triacontadigon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

Orlando Jones

Orlando Jones (born April 10, 1968) is an American comedian and actor. He was born in Toulminville, Alabama.

Jones is known for being one of the original cast members of the sketch comedy series "MADtv" and for his role as the 7 Up spokesman from 1999 to 2002.

He scored his first Hollywood job in 1987, writing for the NBC comedy "A Different World", on which he had a small guest role in the season five finale. During 1991-92, Jones penned the FOX series "Roc" and, in 1993, he co-produced "The Sinbad Show". He also made a brief appearance on the FOX sitcom "Herman's Head" in 1992.

Vertex

A vertex is a corner. More than one vertex are called vertices. A vertex is a point where two or more lines, curves, rays, or sides meet, and is often represented by letters such as formula_1, formula_2, formula_3 and formula_4. 

For example, the vertex of an angle is the point where the two edges of the angle intersect, and a vertex of a cube is simply one of its corners—of which there are 8. 

The concept of vertex applies to both two-dimensional and three-dimensional geometrical objects. For example, a tetrahedron has 4 vertices, and a pentagon has 5 vertices.


Ischgl

Ischgl is a town in the Paznaun valley in the Austrian state of Tyrol. The ski resort "Silvretta Arena Ischgl-Samnaun" is connected with the ski resort of Samnaun across the border in Switzerland. Together this ski area belongs to the largest skiing resorts in the Alps. Its 238 km of groomed pistes are served by over 45 mechanical lifts including cable cars, gondolas, detachable chairlifts and some T-bars.

Ischgl is known for lively après-ski parties and nightlife.


Possessive case

A possessive case is a word or form used to show possession in linguistics. For example, "Ray's bike" means he owns it.

Most European languages have possessive forms of personal pronouns, like the English "my", "mine", "your", "yours", "his" and so on. There are two main ways these can be used:

Zulfiqar Ghouri

Zulfiqar Ghouri is a Pakistani politician who has been the member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, since May 2013.

He was born on 31 March 1955 in Sialkot.<ref name="pap/2013"></ref>

He received intermediate level education from Government Murray College, Sialkot in 1973.

He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on reserved seat for minorities in Pakistani general election, 2013.

Zafar Iqbal (politician)

Zafar Iqbal is a Pakistani politician who has been the member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since May 2013.

He was born on 7 September 1959 in Attock District.

He has received Matriculation level education.

He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) from Constituency PP-19 (Attock-V) in Pakistani general election, 2013.

Sahibzada Ishaq Zafar

Sahibzada Ishaq Zafar was an Azad Kashmiri politician. He was interim President of Azad Kashmir from 20 to 29 July 1991. He died in 2006.

Zakia Shahnawaz Khan

Zakia Shahnawaz Khan (; born 5 March 1946) is a Pakistani politician who has been the member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since May 2013.

Khan was born on 5 March 1946 in Isakhel.<ref name="pap/2013"></ref>

She received her education from St Denys High School, Murree and Queen Mary College, Lahore and completed matriculation level education.

Khan was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 1977.

She was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 1985.

She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 2013. In June 2013, she was added in the provincial cabinet of Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif and was made Provincial Minister of Punjab for Population Welfare. In November 2016, she was made Provincial Minister of Punjab for environment protection.

Sardar Zulfiqar Ali Khan Dullah

Zulfiqar Ali Khan is a Pakistani politician who has been the member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since May 2013.

He was born on 19 May 1954 in Chakwal.

He graduated in law from University of Karachi in 1997 and has a degree of Bachelor of Arts and a degree of Bachelor of Laws.

He was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) from Constituency PP-22 (Chakwal-III) in Pakistani general election, 2013.

Music of Austria

The music of Austria includes many different types of music. Yodeling is one form of singing, and some popular instruments include the lute, fiddle and harp.

Abdilaqim Ademi

Abdilaqim Ademi (December 20, 1969 – February 16, 2018) was a Macedonian politician. He was born in Tetovo, Macedonia. He served as Minister of Education and Science of Macedonia from 2014 until his death in 2017.

Ademi died in Tetovo on February 16, 2018 at the age of 48.


Osvaldo Suárez

Juan Osvaldo Roberto Suárez (March 17, 1934 – 16 February 2018) was a long-distance runner. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Suárez won four gold medals at the Pan American Games. He was punished by the "Revolución Libertadora" ("The Liberating Revolution") and blamed for receiving favors to travel, so he could not be at the 1956 Melbourne Olympic Games. 

After that, he represented his native country at two Summer Olympics, in 1960 and 1964. After retiring from his running career, he became a professional athletics coach.

Beebe Freitas

Beebe Freitas (August 28, 1938 - February 17, 2018) was an American pianist, organist, vocal coach and educator. She was the Head of Music for Hawaii Opera Theatre. She was born in Youngstown, Ohio.

Freitas died at her home in Aina Haina, Hawaii on February 17, 2018 of congestive heart failure at the age of 79.

Georgi Markov (footballer)

Georgi Markov (; 20 January 1972 – 18 February 2018) was a Bulgarian footballer. He played as a defender. He was known as a tough, but generally fair tackler, and was nicknamed the "Börner Grater". He was born in Gotse Delchev, Bulgaria. He played for the national football team of Bulgaria from 1999 to 2005.

Markvov died of a heart attack in Sofia, Bulgaria on 18 February 2018 at the age of 46.

Christmas fern

The Christmas fern, "Polystichum acrostichoides", is an evergreen fern. It grows mostly in the eastern part of the United States. Christmas fern usually grows in dense woods and rocky mountains. The name supposedly comes from the plant being still lush and green around Christmas. They usually grow around one to two feet (30 to 60 cm) tall. Their fronds grow in circular clumps.

Hafiz Hayat

Hafiz Hayat () is a place in district of Gujrat, Pakistan. It is named after a local Sufi saint Hafiz Muhammad Hayat.

Khola Amjad

Khola Amjad (; born 12 December 1952) is a Pakistani politician and the member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since May 2013.

She was born on 12 December 1952 in Multan.<ref name="pap/2013"></ref>

She got Master Diploma in French from Alliance Française in 1976. She completed postgraduate diploma in Office Management from Bahauddin Zakariya University in 2000.

She was elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) on a reserved seat for women in Pakistani general election, 2013.

Montreat, North Carolina

Montreat is a town in Buncombe County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 901 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Asheville city area. The town is best known for Montreat Conference Center, Montreat College, and for having been the home of the evangelist Billy Graham and his wife Ruth Bell Graham.

Andrew Yang

Andrew M. Yang (born January 13, 1975) is an American entrepreneur, political commentator and politician. He started Venture for America. He was a candidate for President of the United States in the 2020 presidential election. Until 2021, he was a Democrat. Yang ran for Mayor of New York City in the 2021 election. In 2021, he started the Forward Party.

Yang has started and helped run new companies and companies in their early stages. He wrote "Smart People Should Build Things", a book about entrepreneurship, published by HarperCollins, and "The War on Normal People," about people's jobs being replaced by technology, published by Hachette Book Group.

In November 2017, Yang filed to run for President of the United States in 2020 as a Democrat. Yang said that the government should pay all Americans $1000 every month. He ended his campaign on February 11, 2020 after a poor performance in the New Hampshire primary. Days later, Yang joined CNN as a political commentator.

On December 24, 2020 Yang filed paperwork to run for Mayor of New York City in the 2021 election. He officially entered the race on January 13, 2021. On July 6, 2021, Associated Press announced that Eric Adams won the Democratic primary.


Schenectady, New York

Schenectady () is a city in Schenectady County, New York, United States, of which it is the county seat. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 67,047.


Tom Benson

Thomas Milton Benson (July 12, 1927 – March 15, 2018) was an American businessman, philanthropist and sports franchise owner. He was the owner of the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL) and New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

As a sports team owner, Benson had a Super Bowl victory; with the Saints winning Super Bowl XLIV.

Benson died of complications from influenza on March 15, 2018 in Jefferson, Louisiana at the age of 90.


Neptune City, New Jersey

Neptune City is a borough in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 4,626.

The borough borders the Monmouth County municipalities of Avon-by-the-Sea, Bradley Beach and Neptune Township.


2009 attack on the Sri Lanka national cricket team

On 3 March 2009, the Sri Lankan national cricket team was attacked by Lashkar-e-Jhangvi gunmen in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. Six members of the Sri Lanka national cricket team were injured. Six Pakistani policemen and two civilians were killed.

Tetradecagon

A tetradecagon or 14-gon is a shape with 14 sides and 14 corners.

A "regular tetradecagon" has Schläfli symbol {14} and can be constructed as a quasiregular truncated heptagon, t{7}, which alternates two types of edges.

The amount of space a regular tetradecagon takes up is

The area of a regular tetradecagon of side length "a" is given by

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

Coxeter states that every parallel-sided 2"m"-gon can be divided into m(m-1)/2 rhombs. For the "regular tetradecagon", "m"=7, and it can be divided into 21: 3 sets of 7 rhombs. This decomposition is based on a Petrie polygon projection of a 7-cube, with 21 of 672 faces. The list A006245 defines the number of solutions as 24698, including up to 14-fold rotations and chiral forms in reflection.
The regular tetradecagon is used as the shape of some commemorative gold and silver Malaysian coins, the number of sides representing the 14 states of the Malaysian Federation.

Nonagon

A nonagon or 9-gon is a shape with 9 sides and 9 corners.

All sides of a regular nonagon are the same length. Each corner is 147.27°. All corners added together equal 6840°.

The amount of space a regular nonagon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

The regular enneagon can tessellate the euclidean tiling with gaps. These gaps can be filled with regular hexagons and isosceles triangles. In the notation of symmetrohedron this tiling is called H(*;3;*;[2]) with H representing *632 hexagonal symmetry in the plane.

Chiliagon

A chiliagon or 1000-gon is a shape with 1000 sides and 1000 corners.

A "regular chiliagon" is represented by Schläfli symbol {1000} and can be constructed as a truncated 500-gon, t{500}, or a twice-truncated 250-gon, tt{250}, or a thrice-truncated 125-gon, ttt{125}.

The amount of space a regular chiliagon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.


Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (movie)

Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (released in the United States and India as Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone) is a 2001 fantasy movie directed by Chris Columbus and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, based on 1997 novel of the same name.

One night, Albus Dumbledore and Minerva McGonagall, professors at Hogwarts, with Rubeus Hagrid deliver orphaned infant named Harry Potter to his remaining relatives, the Dursleys. 

Ten years later, Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) begins receiving strange letters by owls. He and the Dursleys escape to an island from intrusive letters. There appears Hagrid and informs Harry that he is wizard and his parents were wizards too. Harry has been accepted into Hogwarts, a school where young witches and wizards are taught magic. 

Hagrid also tells Harry that his parents were killed by an evil wizard called Lord Voldemort when he was just a baby. Because Harry's mother let herself die to protect Harry, Voldemort could not kill Harry and died instead. Harry is well-known as "The Boy Who Lived". 

Harry enters King's Cross station to board a train to Hogwarts, where he meets Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson). After arriving at school the students gather in the Great Hall, where the first-years are sorted by the Sorting Hat among four houses: Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuff. Harry is placed into Gryffindor despite the fact that the Sorting Hat offers him Slytherin, where Voldemort studied. 

At Hogwarts, Harry begins learning magical spells, plays Quidditch. One night the stair cases change paths leading Harry, Ron and Hermione to the forbidden floor of Hogwarts. There is a giant three-headed dog named Fluffy which guards the Philosopher's Stone, as it turns out later. Harry suspects that the Potions teacher Severus Snape is trying to obtain the stone to return Voldemort to physical form. 

One day Hagrid reveals to Harry, Ron and Hermione that Fluffy will fall asleep if the music is played to him. The trio decide to find the stone before Snape does. They discover an already asleep Fluffy and face a series of obstacles before Harry find the stone. 

After getting past the tasks, Harry find out that it is the Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Quirrell, who is trying to claim the stone. Snape had been protecting Harry all along. Quirrell removes his turban and reveals that Voldemort's face is living on the back of his head. Harry manages to get the Philosopher's Stone by looking into a magic mirror. Voldemort/Quirrell tries to kill Harry but because Harry is still protected by his dead mother's love, Quirrell cannot touch Harry and he turns to dust. Voldemort's soul escapes. 

Harry recovers in the school's hospital wing. The headmaster, Professor Dumbledore explains him that the stone is destroyed and his friends are safe. He also reveals the cause of defeat Quirrell by Harry: because of his mother Harry has love-based protection from Voldemort. 

Harry, Ron and Hermione are rewarded with house points for their heroic performances. Harry returns home for the summer, happy to finally have a real home in Hogwarts. 


Producer David Heyman searched for a children's book for well-received adaptation. His staff decided that "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" was a "cool idea". Heyman suggested the idea to Warner Bros. In 1999, Rowling sold the company the rights to the first four Harry Potter books for a reported £1 million.

J.K.Rowling insisted that the cast be kept British. Susie Figgis was appointed as casting director, working with both Columbus and Rowling in auditioning the lead roles of Harry, Ron and Hermione. 

John Williams was selected to compose the score. 

The first teaser poster was released on 1 December 2000.

"Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone" had its world premiere at the Odeon Leicester Square in London on 4 November 2001.

Philosopher's Stone received three Academy Award nominations. The film was nominated for seven BAFTA Awards. 

Swiss Life

The Swiss Life Group is the largest life insurance company of Switzerland and one of Europe’s leading comprehensive life and pensions and financial solutions providers, with approximately CHF 185 bn of assets under management. The company was founded in 1867 in Zurich as the "Schweizerische Lebensversicherungs und Rentenanstalt" cooperative, the company entered the Swiss stock market in 1997 and adopted its current name in 2002. In 2015, the group declared a premium income of CHF 18.9 bn, a 5% increase over the previous year. Swiss Life is one of the twenty companies listed under the Swiss Market Index, as SLHN.

Keserwan District

Keserwan District is a district in the Mount Lebanon Governorate, Lebanon.

Abu Hanifah

Abū Ḥanīfa al-Nuʿmān b. Thābit b. Zūṭā b. Marzubān (c. September 5, 699 - June 14, 767) was known as Abū Ḥanīfa, or as Imam Abū Ḥanīfa by Sunni Muslims. He was an 8th-century Iraqi Sunni Muslim theologian and jurist. 

Abu Hanifa founded the Hanafi school of orthodox Sunni jurisprudence. This is still the most widely practiced law school in the Sunni tradition. He is often spoken of as al-Imām al-aʿẓam ("The Great Imam") and Sirāj al-aʾimma ("The Lamp of the Imams") in Sunni Islam.

Ramosch

Ramosch was a municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Ramosch and Tschlin joined to become the new municipality of Valsot.

Tschlin

Tschlin was a municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in far east Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Ramosch and Tschlin joined to become the new municipality of Valsot.

Valsot

Valsot is a municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in far east Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Ramosch and Tschlin joined to become the new municipality of Valsot.

Sent

Sent was a municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the municipalities of Ardez, Guarda, Tarasp, Ftan and Sent became part of the municipality of Scuol.

Roppentzwiller

Roppentzwiller is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.



Verbania

Verbania is an Italian city in Piedmont. It is on the shore of Lake Maggiore. In 2017, 30,827 people lived there.

Irndorf

Irndorf is a municipality in Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

SWPS University

The SWPS University of Social Sciences and Humanities is a private university in Warsaw, Poland. There are five campuses of the SWPS, located in Warsaw, Wrocław, Sopot, Poznań, and Katowice.

There are about 16,500 students enrolled.

It was founded in 1996 by three professors as the first private university. "SWPS" means High School of Social Psychology ("Szkoła Wyższa Psychologii Społecznej").

In 2008, Piotr Voelkel took the position of SWPS University founder.

In 2015, it received a university status under Polish law.

There are 8 faculties in SWPS University:

The University's main study areas are Psychology, Law, Languages, Literature and Culture Studies, Media and Communication, Management, and Design.




Mr. Checkout Distributors

Mr. Checkout Distributors is an American corporation that provides distribution services for retail products. According to Entrepreneur.com, Mr. Checkout has been behind the retail launch of several products featured on ABC's Shark Tank. The company was awarded the "Top Distributor Award" three times by Independent Distributors Association of America.

In 2013, Florida based entrepreneur Joel Goldstein purchased "Mr. Checkout Distributors" which was founded by Bob Goldstein, Joel's father. The company started their services by a group of distributors which is also known as direct-store-delivery (DSD). Mr. Checkout became one of the largest national group of independent distributors in the U.S. with 50,000 independent retail owners and 1,000 distributors.

Mr. Checkout Distributors were the first company to introduce "5 Hour Energy Drink" into retail stores.


Third Party System

The Third Party System is a term of periodization used by historians and political scientists to describe the history of political parties in the United States from 1854 until the mid-1890s, which featured profound developments in issues of American nationalism, modernization, and race.

Hexagram

A hexagram is a six-pointed star, with all lines the same length and all angles the same. A 'hexangle', 'star hexagon', or 'hexalpha' means the same thing.
It is used in historical, religious and cultural contexts, for example in Hanafism, Judaism, Hinduism and occultism. It is possible that this simple geometric shape, like the triangle, circle, or square, has been created by various peoples with no connection to one another.

In mathematics, the root system for the simple Lie group G is in the form of a hexagram, with six long roots and six short roots.
A six-pointed star, like a regular hexagon, can be created using a compass and a straight edge:

Take It Easy

"Take It Easy" is a 1972 debut single by Eagles. It is the leading single from their debut studio album "Eagles" and became one of their signature songs. It went to number 8 in Canada. It was covered by Jackson Browne in 1973 for his second studio album "For Everyman" and Travis Tritt in 1994.

Kasam Tere Pyaar Ki

Kasam — Tere Pyaar Ki (English: "Swear by your love") is an Indian/Hindi romantic television series. Kratika Sengar and Sharad Malhotra play the roles of Tanu/Tanuja/Kritika and 
Rishi/Ranbir respectively.

It is the story of two childhood friends Rishi and Tanushree, who grow up separately but are destined to meet. After 17 years, Rishi marries Tanushree but she is shot to death. She is reincarnated as Tanuja. Both Rishi & Tanuja die in a car accident and are reborn as Ranbir & Kritika to fulfil the promise.

The story revolves around Tanushree Khurana, fondly called Tanu Khurana and Rishi Singh Bedi who are childhood friends. One day, Tanu saves Rishi and a sadhu woman (Katyani Bai) prophesies that Tanu and Rishi's kundli match very well, and Tanu will shield Rishi from danger. But Rano, Rishi's mother, dislikes Tanu's family and brainwashes her husband Raaj's mind to move to America.

Tanu eagerly waits for Rishi to return. Rishi, who now is a boxer and doesn't believe in love, has forgotten Tanu and also denies going to India, but Raaj threatens Rano to donate all his wealth, and they all are forced to go to India. Rishi and his family reach Patiala, where Tanu resides, and on the same day Tanu's parents are killed in a terrorist attack. Raaj reaches Tanu's home and comes to know that his friend has died. Bani, Tanu's aunt, takes Rishi and family to Mumbai, where Bani's own daughters, Swati and Neha reside. Bani changes her daughter Neha's name to Tanu in front of Rishi's family. Tanu and Ahana also reach Mumbai. On the same night, Rishi and Tanu meet, and Rishi instantly falls for Tanu, without knowing that she is Tanu. Rishi's marriage is fixed with Neha. Bani changes Tanu's name to Tanvi by saying that Raaj doesn't like Tanu and Ahana. Tanu's marriage gets fixed with Pawan, a man from Jalandhar. Rishi and Tanu's marriage is going to take place on the same day. He finds out that Pawan is already married to a girl, Saloni and fails to expose them. On the day of their marriage, Tanu's sister Ahana drugs Tanu and helps Rishi in kidnapping her.they both marry after Tanu reveals that she is the real Tanu but Pawan follows them. Everyone gets to know the truth by Ahana, Katyani Bai and Manpreet that Pawan is married to Saloni and Tanvi is real Tanu. Neha tells Sandy, his boyfriend that Rishi molested her and Sandy decides to kill Rishi. When Rishi and Tanu are about to travel back to home, Sandy shoots Tanu instead of Rishi and she dies. Rishi tries to commit suicide but Tanu's soul comes and stops him. Her soul says that she will come back.

Tanu is reborn as Tanuja Vikram Sikand (Sandy's niece). Rishi becomes harsh due to Tanu's death. In an accident, Tanuja's face gets burnt badly and mistakenly she gets Tanu's face. Rishi becomes more cold towards Tanuja . Also Rishi hates Tanuja as she is Sandy's niece. On the day of Rishi's marriage with his friend Malaika, who wants Rishi's property. Raj sees her with her boyfriend Shekhar Singh Ahlawat. Raaj asks Tanuja to be the bride without knowing anyone while Malaika gets late for the marriage as she is in the traffic jam. Rishi marries Tanuja. Rishi's hatred towards Tanuja increases but he realizes his love for Tanuja later. Rano and Malaika plot against Tanuja to separate her from Rishi but in vain. On the marriage day Rishi plays a smaller game with Malaika and open his real face and Later Malaika is thrown out of Bedi house after her secret is revealed as she had planned to destroy Bedi family along with her boyfriend Shekhar. On that very night Rishi and Tanuja consummate their marriage. Due to circumstances, Tanuja tells Rishi to divorce her as she thinks that she is unlucky for him and he will die if Tanuja remains in his life as his wife.Rishi agrees and they both sign divorce papers but later they are reunited as Tanuja gets to know she is right for Rishi. Rishi's stepbrother Purab Vohra comes and demands 51% shares of Rishi's company to take revenge from Raj.Rishi goes to give him 51% shares but Tanuja gets all Rishi's property and Bedi family business on her name to stop Rishi giving 51% shares to Purab as he wants to destroy Rishi. Divya, Yuvraj's wife is with Purab as she thinks they treat Yuvraj badly. Netra, Rano's friend's daughter loves Rishi and Rano wants Netra to marry Rishi. Rishi agrees to marry Netra so he can make Tanuja jealous so she confesses her love. On the day of Rishi and Netra's engagement, Rishi gets angry on Tanuja and tells her to sign property papers in 15 minutes and give his property back to him otherwise he will get engaged to Netra. Tanuja signs the property papers but Malaika steal the papers and gives it to Netra and asks her to take the credit of getting property back. Rishi gets engaged to Netra. Rishi gets drunk. Tanuja who is pregnant sees Rishi getting very close to Netra. Netra's trap gets successful. Thus, Tanuja leaves from Bedi House. Rishi goes to stop her at the railway station but they have a fight there and Rishi slaps Tanuja and in anger Tanuja gets in the train. Tanuja realises that she is pregnant with Rishi's child but it was too late.

Tanuja lives with her friend Abhishek Khurana and her and Rishi's daughter Natasha in London. Rishi lives with Netra and her daughter, Tania. Natasha and Tania assume Abhishek and Rishi as their respective father. Rishi and Abhishek also love them as their own daughter. Tanuja is Abhishek's house's caretaker. Tanuja and Abhishek pretend to be husband and wife in front of the world so do Rishi and Netra. Abhishek comes to India with Tanuja and Natasha to take over Rishi company. He and Rishi are business competitors. After many incidents, Rishi decides to get Natasha's custody along with Tanuja while Tanuja misunderstood Rishi and Netra to be in a live_in relationship. Rishi stops Abhishek and Tanuja's wedding hence leaving Netra. Tanuja applies for divorce with Rishi but the court orders Tanuja to stay in Bedi house with Rishi and Natasha for six months, after the time period she can divorce Rishi. Abhishek and Netra are heartbroken by this.Netra vows to ruin Tanuja while Rishi tries to rekindle his and Tanuja's love.Meanwhile, Ahana misunderstands Manpreet of having an affair with his secretary. Manpreet tries to save his relationship with Ahana but all his efforts go in vain as Ahana decides to part ways after Rano and anniversary.Abhishek tells Tanuja the truth about him, while Netra is not giving up and tries to separate them.Tanuja knows her truth and wants to expose her Evil truth but Rishi is not ready to believe her.Netra is successful in killing Tanuja. Abhishek gets emotional and tells to the Bedi Family that Netra is responsible for this. the Bedi's tells that tanuja has died. Meanwhile, Rishi who cannot live without Tanu kills himself by taking poison with an injection.

Rishi & Tanuja were reborn as Ranbir & Kritika.Ranbir is a famous football player in Canada.While,Kritika lives with her mother in Punjab.After her mother's death,she moved to find her father who was live in Mumbai to fullfil her mother's last wish.

Kritika finally meets Arun who introduces her as his niece as she enters the house and lives with them. Later, she meets Ranbir for the first time. He begins to fall for her; they become friends. Malishka drugs and tries to seduce Ranbir. Then she files a fake molestation case against him.

He is arrested but Akshay bails him out. Ranbir wins the case with Kritika's help. Malishka tries to kill his family by burning down the house. Ranbir expresses his love for Kritika who recalls her previous lives and awakens Ranbir to remind him. He also recognises her and they hug each other and unite, ending the series.



The series aired in Pakistan by Filmazia simultaneously with Colors TV till 15 October 2016.

Perses (Titan)

Perses () was the Titan god of destruction. His parents were Krios and the Okeanid Eurybia. He was a member of the second generation of Titans. His wife was Asteria. Their daughter was Hecate, goddess of magic and witchcraft.

Heptadecagon

A heptadecagon or septadecagon or 17-gon is a shape with 17 sides and 17 corners.

All sides of a regular heptadecagon are the same length. Each corner is 158.82°. All corners added together equal 2700°.

The amount of space a regular heptadecagon takes up is

The area of a regular heptadecagon of side length "a" is given by

The regular heptadecagon edit geometry compass and ruler in 1796, demonstrated Carl Friedrich Gauss.

This is due to Göttingen of a memorial statue of a regular heptadecagon pedestal.

The following animation of a heptadecagon editing.


Dexter's Laboratory: Deesaster Strikes!

Dexter's Laboratory: Deesaster Strikes! is an 2001 action-adventure video game for the Game Boy Advance based on the Cartoon Network animated series "Dexter's Laboratory". It was released in North America on September 26, 2001, and in the PAL region on November 2, 2001.

Dexter's sister Dee Dee goes into Dexter's clone machine and create dozens of copies of herself. Dexter has to catch all of the clones and fix all of the machines that they broke. While Dexter tries to catch all of the clones, he has to fight monsters and robots. There are 70 levels and 8 areas.

Clarence Worley of Game Over Online Magazine said that the game is entertaining, but that the design is plain. A GameZone review said that the game is well made and has excellent graphics.

Cartoon Network: Block Party

Cartoon Network: Block Party is an arcade-style video game for Game Boy Advance developed by American studios Monkeystone Games and One Man Band LLC and published by Majesco Entertainment in the United States on August 5, 2004, and in Europe and Oceania on September 15, 2004. It features characters from Cartoon Network original animated series such as "Johnny Bravo", "Ed, Edd n Eddy", "Courage the Cowardly Dog", and "Cow and Chicken."

The gameplay is similar to Nintendo's "Mario Party" video game series. Players can experience places from Cartoon Network shows in a board game style. They can also play up to 30 mini-games based on the Cartoon Network shows. Players can choose any of the Cartoon Network characters they like.

First, Cow and Chicken have gone to a farm, and after eating too many potatoes, their parents suggest that they have some protein. Cow and Chicken both want their favorite protein food: pork butts. In this board the player has to get four pork butts before returning to the start and winning.

Second, in the "Ed, Edd n Eddy" world, Eddy wants to win a skateboarding competition. Double-D doubts Eddy has a chance. The player must collect three trophies and 50 dollars before returning to the start and winning.

Then, in the world of Johnny Bravo, Johnny is trying his luck with the ladies, when Carl arrives. It turns out he has a date, and Johnny wants to help him prepare. The player must collect a pie, hair goo, a corn dog, a black shirt, and at least 50 dollars before returning to the start and winning.

Last, in Courage's world, Eustace and Muriel are trapped in the mansion of the evil Katz. Courage is in the mansion and is attempting to save them. The player must collect three spiders and 75 cobwebs before returning to the start and winning.

Cartoon Network Speedway

Cartoon Network Speedway is a kart racing video game released for the Game Boy Advance in 2003.

The game was poorly received by critics and gamers alike. On IGN, it received a 3 out of 10, reviewer Craig Harris stating ""Cartoon Network Speedway" is one of the sloppiest and most generic kart racers released on the Game Boy Advance." It currently has a 53% rating on GameRankings. It was also given a 65 out of 100 from Next Level Gaming, a 3 out of 5 from "Nintendo Power", and 58 out of 100 from "VG-Force". Complaints centered on bad and choppy graphics, the slow pace, that Dexter, and The Powerpuff Girls were not available, and the lack of challenge.

Codename: Kids Next Door – Operation: S.O.D.A.

Codename: Kids Next Door – Operation: S.O.D.A. is a platformer video game based on the American animated television series "". The game was released exclusively for the Game Boy Advance in 2004.

It is a dark time for kids worldwide. With the recent passing of the Soda Control Act, the drinking age of Soda has been raised to 13 years and older. 
The Kids Next Door have refused to recognize this dastardly attempt at prohibiting children from drinking their favorite beverage, and have taken it upon themselves to run a secret operation providing soda to any kid in the world who wants it, no questions asked.

The game features 15 platform levels (3 per Operative) and one final boss fight against Mr. Fizz. Each of the characters has different abilities and weapons that helps them avoid obstacles and reach the goal. While Numbuhs 3, 4, and 5's levels are terrestral, Numbuhs 1 and 2's are aerial.

Dexter's Laboratory: Chess Challenge

Dexter's Laboratory: Chess Challenge is a board game-style video game developed by Virtucraft and published by BAM! Entertainment for the Game Boy Advance. The game is based on the Cartoon Network animated series "Dexter's Laboratory" as well as the game "Battle Chess". It was released in North America on October 29, 2002, alongside "The Powerpuff Girls: Him and Seek".

The player uses one of four chess sets (Dexter's, Dee Dee's, Mandark's, or Major Glory's) featuring "Dexter's Laboratory"-themed pieces in the traditional game of chess. Piece captures are accompanied by animated scenes depicting the defeat of the captured piece. There is also a puzzle mode, which when completed unlocks the hardest game difficulty.

A versus mode allows two players to swap a single Game Boy Advance back and forth or play against each other on two separate Game Boy Advances with two copies of the game. The game's difficulty is geared towards younger players.

Joel Santo Domingo of PCMag.com gave the game a 3/5 "good" rating, calling it "basically the same novelty" as "Battle Chess".

Dexter's Laboratory: Robot Rampage

Dexter's Laboratory: Robot Rampage is an action video game published by BAM! Entertainment for the Game Boy Color and released in the United States on November 14, 2000. It is a graphically redesigned version of the game "Elevator Action EX", also developed by Altron, with characters from the American animated television series "Dexter's Laboratory" from Cartoon Network.

The player, as Dexter, runs through different levels via elevators, elevator shafts, small cars, ledges, and doors while battling robots with an assortment of weapons. Three different Dexter suits are available, though they have no effect on gameplay. Each stage ends with the player facing a line of enemies.

Jeff Gerstmann of GameSpot gave the game a 6.9/10 in his review, complimenting it for its use of classic "Elevator Action" gameplay. IGN editor Marc Nix gave the game a 7/10, praising the game's improvements to the original, such as the added puzzles and life bar, but criticizing the game's lackluster stage endings.

Ben 10: Omniverse (video game)

Ben 10: Omniverse is a video game based on the American animated action-comedy series . The game was published by D3 Publisher in November 2012 for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Nintendo DS, Nintendo 3DS, Wii, and Wii U.

It is also available for digital download from the Nintendo eShop on the Wii U, the PlayStation Store for PS3 and Xbox Live Arcade for Xbox 360 in North America and Europe on December 11, 2012.

When a change in Ben's Omnitrix goes wrong, his new partner, Rook, is sent back in time, finding Ben from when he was eleven years old. Young Ben and Rook enter into a fight with the villain Malware who absorbs Rook's Prototool to get new, much stronger, abilities which leads to a terrible alternative future timeline.

Both young Ben and teen Ben need to work together with his new partner Rook to solve the crime, fix the past and present, and defeat the evil intentions of Malware on destroying the world.

Omniverse also spawned a second video game, "" which was developed by High Voltage Studios for the Wii U, Wii, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 and by 1st Playable Productions for the Nintendo 3DS. This game takes place during the events of Frogs of War, where Ben must fight the Incursions to get back to Earth and stop Emperor Milleous, Attea, Dr. Psychobos, and the Way Bads.

Apollo command and service module

The Apollo command and service module (CSM) was one of two spacecraft, along with the Lunar Module, used for the United States Apollo program which landed astronauts on the Moon. It was built for NASA by North American Aviation. It was launched by itself on three suborbital and low Earth orbit Apollo test missions using the Saturn I launch vehicle. It was also launched twelve times on the larger Saturn V launch vehicle, both by itself and with the Lunar Module. It made a total of nine manned flights to the Moon boosted by the Saturn V.

AS-202

AS-202 (also referred to as SA-202) was the second uncrewed, suborbital test flight of a production Block I Apollo command and service module launched with the Saturn IB launch vehicle. It was launched on August 25, 1966, and was the first flight which included the spacecraft guidance and navigation control system and fuel cells. The success of this flight enabled the Apollo program to judge the Block I spacecraft and Saturn IB ready to carry men into orbit on the next mission, AS-204.

AS-202 was the third test flight of the Saturn IB engine, because a delay in the readiness of the Apollo spacecraft 011 pushed its launch past the July 1966 launch of AS-203. It was designed to test the rocket more than had been done on AS-201 by launching the rocket higher and having the flight lasting twice as long. It would also test the command and service module (CSM-011) by having the engine fire four times during the flight.

The flight was also designed to test the heat shield by subjecting it to intense heat during reentry. Over the course of the reentry it generated equivalent energy needed to power Los Angeles for over one minute in 1966.

CSM-011 was basically a production model capable of carrying a crew. However it lacked the crew couches and some displays that would be included on later missions for the astronauts. This was the first flight of the guidance and navigation system as well as the fuel cell electrical system.

Shahdara

Shahdara is a geographical region in the city of Delhi. It is on the banks of Yamuna River. It is one of the oldest localities of Delhi. This region is the headquarters of the newly formed Shahdara district. 

Shahdara was established by a Mughal king. In Urdu, Shahdara means "door of kings". One of the oldest market, Chandrawali village was here.

Lezgi language

Lezgi (also called Lezgin language), (Lezgian: лезги мез, lezgi mez) is a Caucasian language. It is spoken in Dagestan and Azerbaijan between the Lezgins. There are about 600,000 speakers. In the Russian part of the territory, Lezgin has the status of an official language, that can be studied at universities. There are also radio programmes using the language. In Azerbaijan, the language has no official status. From 1939 to 1991, it was forbidden to use the language in schools in Azerbaijan. Originally, the language used the Arabic script, but in 1929, this was changed to Cyrillic, like the rest of the Soviet Union.

Susch

Susch (formerly Süs) was a municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the municipalities of Lavin and Susch became part of the municipality of Zernez.

The Flüela Pass connects Susch with Davos.

Tschierv

Tschierv used to be a municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009 the municipalities of Tschierv, Fuldera, Lü, Müstair, Santa Maria Val Müstair and Valchava joined and became the new municipality of Val Müstair.

Krokolithes

Krokolithes is an oogenus of crocodile egg fossil.

Forges

Antonio Fraguas de Pablo, better known as Forges (17 January 1942 – 22 February 2018) was a Spanish graphic humorist. His artistic name is based on the translation to Catalan of the word "fraguas". He was born in Madrid. He was awarded the Gold Medal for Merit in the Fine Arts, Gat Perich International Humor Award and the Creu de Sant Jordi. He worked for "El Jueves", "Diario 16", and "El País".

Forges died of pancreatic cancer in Madrid on 22 February 2018 at the age of 76.

Richard E. Taylor

Richard Edward Taylor (2 November 1929 – 22 February 2018) was a Nobel Prize–winning Canadian professor emeritus at Stanford University. 

In 1990, he shared the Nobel Prize in Physics with Jerome Friedman and Henry Kendall "for their pioneering investigations concerning deep inelastic scattering of electrons on protons and bound neutrons, which have been of essential importance for the development of the quark model in particle physics."

Taylor died at his home in Stanford, California on 22 February 2018 at the age of 88.

Okara, Pakistan

Okara () is the capital city of Okara District, Punjab, Pakistan. The name Okara comes from "Okaan", the name of a of tree. The city is located southwest of the city of Lahore and Faisalabad is 100 km by passing away Ravi River. It is famous for its and cotton mills. The nearest major city to Okara is Sahiwal. The population of Okara is 326,801. The Multan road connects Okara City with Lahore. 

The Depalpur Tehsil, in the Okara District is older than Mohenjo-daro. It is officially the largest tehsil in Pakistan. Pakpattan near Okara City is also very old. During the British rule in the 19th century, there was a forest of Okaan trees where city is built. During British rule, Okara was considered part of Pakpattan. It was a city many famous fighters and soldiers who came here or passed the city. This includes Alexander the Great (Sikandar-e-Azam), Changez Khan, etc.

River Sutlej is to the east and River Ravi is to the west of Okara. That is why it is famous for agriculture. It is the biggest producer of milk in the country. The nearest major city to Okara is Sahiwal. Other cities include Depalpur, and Phool Nagar. The land is flat with livestock and agriculture fields. The Okara Army Cantonement is 141 kilometers away from the city. Okara has some shops and markets. Towns and colonies in the cities are Sahfiq Town, Fateh Town, Aamir Colony, Rehman Colony and others.

Régis Lacote

Régis Lacote (born 25 April 1972) is a French businessman.
Since February 2018, he is the head of the Orly Airport, replacing Marc Houalla.

Graduate from the ESIEE Amiens (1997) and ENAC (Mastère Spécialisé airport management 1997), he starts his career in 1998 as Head of Safety department of the Roland Garros Airport. He joins Paris Aéroport group in 2002. Since February 2018, he is head of the Orly Airport.

Orly Airport

Orly Airport is a large airport in France. It is in the outskirts of Paris. In 2017, it handled 32,042,475 passengers.

The head of the airport is Régis Lacote.

Julien Simon-Chautemps

Julien Simon-Chautemps (born 14 May 1978) is a race engineer of the Sauber Formula One team.

He graduated from Institut polytechnique des sciences avancées.

Fagun Bou

Fagun Bou; is an Indian Bengali television soap opera that premiered on 19 March 2018 and airs on STAR Jalsha. The show stars Vikram Chatterjee and Oindrilla Sen in lead roles. This show marks the comeback of Vikram Chatterjee and Oindrilla Sen on television, the latter after 6 years.

Ayandeep marries Mahul, who has feeling for Anuroop. Turns out Anuroop and Ayandeep are brothers. With the three of them under the same roof, a complicated love triangle is ensured.


Mahul's family

Ayandeep's family


Cutoff frequency

The cutoff frequency is the minimum frequency that is required for the emission of electrons from a metallic surface, due to incident radiation. Below the cutoff frequency, the phenomenon of the photoelectric effect stops altogether.

When electromagnetic radiation is incident upon a metallic surface, if the radiation has a frequency greater than the threshold frequency, a part of the energy of the incident radiation (known as threshold work function) is absorbed by the electrons on the metallic surface; facilitating electronic excitement. The remaining portion (i.e, energy of incident radiation - threshold work function) is transformed into the kinetic energy of the electrons and accounts for their ejection.

MacQueen's bustard

MacQueen's bustard ("Chlamydotis macqueenii") is a large bird in the bustard family.

Tulipa sylvestris

Often found in woodlands, Tulip sylvestris is a vigorous, scented, wild tulip. It has bright, buttercup-yellow flowers with a green rib running outside and pointed petals. Flowering in mid-late spring, this tulip is a member of the Botanical Tulips and will happily spread. It is also considered as the ""Provincial flower of Balochistan, Pakistan"" respectively. 

Ringworm

Ringworm is a contagious disease that causes itching of skin. It occurs in small circular red or white patches. Ringworm is one of those diseases that are caused by fungi. It chiefly affects the scalp and feet. Red spots often form on skin called tinea.

Pashtun archery

Mukha or makha is the traditional Pashtun archery sport played in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The game is played with a long arrow ("ghashay") and a long bow ("leenda"). The arrow has a saucer shaped metallic plate ("tubray") at its distal end. The archers play in teams and attempt to hit a small white wooden target called "takai" surrounded by a circular ring called "kwaara". The target is secured in fresh clay placed at some height a few meters away from the archer.

On the Floor

"On the Floor" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. Rapper Pitbull is featured on the song. It was released on February 8, 2011, as the lead single from Lopez' seventh studio album, "Love?" It samples the song "Lambada" by Kaoma. "On the Floor" was later featured as the first track on Lopez' greatest-hits album, "Dance Again... the Hits". 

The song has been very successful worldwide, reaching number one in over 13 countries, including Australia, Canada, Germany, New Zealand, and the UK. In the US, it reached the top three of the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified triple-platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales of over three million copies in the US. 

The music video for the song has received over 1.1 billion views and over three million likes as of February 2018. 

Flag of Peru

The flag of Peru is a vertical tricolour of red, white, and red.

Flag of Bolivia

The flag of Bolivia is a horizontal tricolour of red, yellow, and green.

Flag of Venezuela

The flag of Venezuela was created in 2006.

It has a horizontal tricolour of yellow, blue, and red, with an arc of eight white five-pointed stars centered on the blue band.

Flag of Guyana

The flag of Guyana was created in 1966. It is also known as The Golden Arrowhead.

It has a green field with the black-fimbriated red isosceles triangle based on the hoist-side superimposed on the larger white-fimbriated golden triangle, also based on the hoist-side, pointed toward the fly-side.

Flag of Paraguay

The flag of Paraguay () has horizontal bands of red, white, and blue, defaced on the obverse with the coat of arms of Paraguay, and on the reverse by the reverse side of the arms.

Flag of Suriname

The flag of Suriname has a five horizontal bands of green (top, double width), white, red (quadruple width), white, and green (double width). There is a large, yellow, five-pointed star centered in the red band.

Pentadecagon

A pentadecagon or quindecagon or 15-gon is a shape with 15 sides and 15 corners.

All sides of a regular pentadecagon are the same length. Each corner is 156°. All corners added together equal 2340°.

The amount of space a regular pentadecagon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

<br>A regular triangle, decagon, and pentadecagon can completely fill a plane vertex.

Flag of Saint Lucia

The flag of Saint Lucia has a light blue field charged with a yellow triangle in front of a white-fimbriated black isosceles triangle.

Flag of Costa Rica

The national flag of the Republic of Costa Rica has five horizontal bands of blue, white, red (double width), white and blue.

Flag of Panama

The flag of Panama was created in March 1925.

It consists thus of a divided rectangle of four quarters: the upper field close to the pole white with a blue star of five points; the upper field further from the pole, red; the lower field near the pole, blue; and the lower one further from the pole, white with a red star of five points.

Flag of Cuba

The national flag of Cuba has five horizontal stripes of blue alternate with white with the red equilateral triangle based on the hoist-side bearing the white five-pointed star in the center.

The Red Shows Blood The Stripes Show Sadness The Star Shows Leninist Prices.
Rorschwihr

Rorschwihr is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department east France. In 2015, 382 people lived there.

Rorschwihr is at the bottom of Vosges Mountains, between Sélestat and Ribeauvillé.



Zernez

Zernez is a municipality of the district Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Lavin and Susch merged into the municipality of Zernez.

Zernez is a major node in the regional road network, with roads leading into the Upper Engadine and towards Italy, the Lower Engadine and towards Austria, over the Fuorn Pass into the Val Mustair and over the Flüela Pass. Zernez is the center for visitors of the Swiss National Park ().

Villages of Zermez are:


Time in Finland

Finland uses Eastern European Time (EET) (UTC+02:00) in the winter and Eastern European Summer Time (EEST) (UTC+03:00) during the summer. Finland has observed daylight saving time (DST) since 1981 advancing the clock at 03:00 EET on the last Sunday in March and back at 04:00 EET on the last Sunday in October.

Time in Arizona

Arizona uses Mountain Standard Time (MST) (UTC-07:00). Most of the state does not observe daylight saving time unlike the rest of the United States, except in the Navajo Nation.

Sridevi

Sridevi Kapoor (born Shree Amma Yanger Ayyapan; 13 August 1963 – 24 February 2018) was an Indian movie actress and movie producer. She was born in Sivakasi, Madras State, India. She was known for her role in the 2012 movie "English Vinglish". In 2013, the Government of India awarded her the Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian honor

Sridevi died of cardiac arrest in Dubai, United Arab Emirates on 24 February 2018 at the age of 54. Although it was earlier announced that the cause of death was a cardiac arrest, the forensic report released by Dubai Police said that Sridevi died of accidental drowning.

Enneadecagon

An enneadecagon or 19-gon is a shape with 19 sides and 19 corners. It is also known as an enneakaidecagon or a nonadecagon.

All sides of a regular enneadecagon are the same length. Each corner is ≈161.052°. All corners added together equal 6840°.

The radius of the circumcircle of the "regular enneadecagon" with side length "t" is 
formula_1 (angle in degrees). The area, where "t" is the edge length, is formula_2


Folco Quilici

Folco Quilici (9 April 1930 – 24 February 2018) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He directed a total of 22 movies between 1952 until his retirement in 2005. He was known for directing "The Last Paradise", "The Wind Blows Free", and "The Sixth Continent". He also wrote the script for "Dagli Appennini alle Ande". He was born in Ferrara, Italy.

Quilici died in Orvieto, Italy of a stroke on 24 February 2018 at the age of 87.

Alexander B. Morrison

Alexander Baillie Morrison (December 22, 1930 – February 12, 2018) was a Canadian-born American scientist, academic, and public servant. He was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1987 until his death. He was born in Edmonton, Alberta.

Morrison died in Bountiful, Utah on February 12, 2018 at the age of 87.


Tridecagon

A tridecagon or triskaidecagon or trisdecagon or 13-gon is a shape with 13 sides and 13 corners.

All sides of a regular tridecagon are the same length. Each corner is 147.27°. All corners added together equal 6840°.

The amount of space a regular tridecagon takes up is

"a" is the length of one of its sides.

The regular tridecagon is used as the shape of the Czech 20 korun coin.


Don J. Briel

Donald Jonathan Briel (January 28, 1947 – February 15, 2018) was an American theologian. He was born in Ventura, California. 

Briel held the Blessed John Henry Newman Chair of Liberal Arts at the University of Mary in Bismarck, North Dakota from August 2014 until his death in 2018.

Briel was the founder of the Center for Catholic Studies at the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul, Minnesota. He held the Koch Chair of Catholic Studies and served as Director from 1993 to 2014.

Briel died of leukemia in Minneapolis, Minnesota on February 15, 2018 at the age of 71. 

Tony Singh

Tony Singh is a Canadian alternative rock vocalist and songwriter based in Toronto. Tony was nominated for "The Juno award" in 1996 and he was awarded the "Sikh Centennial Award" in 1997 for an album "Jmpn For Joy".

In 1993, Tony Singh formed a musical group "Punjabi by Nature (PBN)", the group was active until 2003. Tony released their first album "Jmpn For Joy" in 1995. A song from that album "Dance with PBN" was nominated for "Much Music Video Awards". Tony appeared in a Documentary film "Life Is a Highway: Canadian Pop Music in the 1990s (2011)", and subsequently appeared in a musical-comedy film "Spidarlings (2016)".

In 2015, Tony founded a band "Sirens of Shanti", as an eclectic music project. 

Gerald Weiß

Gerald Weiß (8 January 1960 – 17 February 2018) was an East German javelin thrower. He was born in Lübz, Germany. His personal best throw was 83.30 metres, achieved in June 1988 in Jena. He participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Weiß died in Kloster Lehnin, Germany on 17 February 2018 at the age of 58.

Charles Pence Slichter

Charles Pence Slichter (January 21, 1924 – February 19, 2018) was an American physicist. He was best known for his work on nuclear magnetic resonance and superconductivity. He was awarded the 2007 National Medal of Science by President George W. Bush.

Jiichiro Date

Date died of a heart attack in Tokyo, Japan on 20 February 2018 at the age of 66.

Herbert Ehrenberg

Herbert Ehrenberg (21 December 1926 – 20 February 2018) was a German politician. He was born in Kollnischken, East Prussia, Weimar Germany. He served as Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs from 1976 through 1982. 

Ehrenberg died in Wilhelmshaven, Germany on 20 February 2018 at the age of 91.

Agnieszka Kotulanka

Agnieszka Kotulanka, rightly Agnieszka Sas-Uhrynowska (born Agniesza Kotuła; 26 October 1956 – 20 February 2018) was a Polish actress and a performer of actress songs. She was known for long-term appearance as Krystyna Lubicz in Polish soap opera "Klan" (1997-2013). She also appeared as Karska in the 1995 movie "Holy Week" directed by Andrzej Wajda.

Kotulanka died due to dipsomania in Warsaw on 20 February 2018 at the age of 61.

Emma Chambers

Emma G. M. Chambers (11 March 1964 – 21 February 2018) was an English actress. She was known for portraying the role of Alice Tinker in the BBC comedy "The Vicar of Dibley" and Honey Thacker in the movie "Notting Hill" (1999).

Chambers died on 21 February 2018 in Lymington, Hampshire of a heart attack at the age of 53.

James Laxer

James Robert Laxer (22 December 1941 – 23 February 2018), also known as Jim Laxer, was Canadian political economist and professor at York University. He was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. 

In 1971, Laxer ran for the leadership of the federal NDP. He won one-third of the vote against party stalwart David Lewis.

In 1981, he was hired as director of research for the federal NDP. He left in controversy in 1983. This is when he published a report critiquing the party's economic policies as being "out of date".

Laxer died on 23 February 2018 in Paris, France of a suspected heart attack at the age of 76.

Shmuel Auerbach

Rabbi Shmuel Auerbach ( רב) (September 21, 1931 – February 24, 2018) was a Haredi rabbi. He was born in Jerusalem, Israel. He was thought as a leading non-Hasidic Lithuanian "posek" (halachic authority) for many Haredi Jews in Israel. 

Rabbi Auerbach was the rosh yeshiva of Yeshivas Maalot HaTorah and the "Nasi" (president) of Yeshivas Midrash Shmuel and Yeshivas Toras Simcha, both in Jerusalem. For a short time, he also served as one of the roshei yeshiva of Yeshivas Itri in Jerusalem.

Rabbi Auerbach died in Jerusalem on February 24, 2018 of heart disease at the age of 86.


Óscar Julio Vian Morales

Óscar Julio Vian Morales S.D.B. (18 October 1947 – 24 February 2018) was a Guatemalan archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guatemala from his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 2 October 2010 until his death in 2018. He had served as archbishop of Los Altos in Guatemala. He was born in Guatemala City. He was installed as Archbishop of Los Altos on 17 April 2007.

Vian Morales died of cancer on 24 February 2018 in Guatemala City at the age of 70.

List of programs broadcast by Disney Channel

This is a list of television programs broadcast in first-run or reruns, scheduled to be broadcast or formerly broadcast on Disney Channel, The channel is owned by The Walt Disney Company. It was launched on April 18, 1983. The Disney Channel airs animated and live-action family friendly programming. Tbese programs range from action to drama to comedy.

A list of programs currently broadcast in reruns.

A list of programs currently broadcast on the Disney Junior programming block of Disney Channel.


Sunan an-Nasai

Sunan an-Nasai (), also known as is one of the Kutub al-Sittah (six major hadith collections). It was collected by An-Nasai. Sunnis consider this collection as the third most important of the six major Hadith collections.

Flag of Trinidad and Tobago

The flag of Trinidad and Tobago is a red field with a white-fimbriated black diagonal band from the upper hoist-side to the lower fly-side.

Flag of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

The flag of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines was created in October 1985.

It has a vertical tricolour of blue, gold (double width) and green with three green diamonds arranged in the "V" pattern centred on the gold band, which represent the Grenadine Islands which fall under the government of Saint Vincent. These diamonds recall Saint Vincent as the "gems of the Antilles".

Flag of El Salvador

The flag of El Salvador was created in 1912. It has two horizontal blue bands at the top and bottom and a white band in the middle with the in the center.

Flag of Dominica

The flag of Dominica was created in 1978, with some small changes having been made in 1981, 1988, and 1990. The original flag was designed by playwright Alwin Bully in early 1978 as the country prepared for independence.

It has a green field with the centered cross of three bands: the vertical part is: yellow, black and white and the horizontal part is: yellow, black and white and the red disk superimposed at the centre of the cross bearing a purple sisserou parrot facing the hoist-side encircled by ten green five-pointed stars.


Flag of Grenada

The national flag of Grenada was created in 1974.

It has a large rectangle with the large red border around it with six gold five-pointed stars with three centered on the top border and three centered on the bottom border divided into four triangles of gold (top and bottom) and green (hoist-side and fly-side) with the red disk superimposed at the centre bearing the gold five-pointed star and the nutmeg pod on the hoist-side of the triangle.

Flag of Saint Kitts and Nevis

The flag of Saint Kitts and Nevis was created in 1983.

It has a yellow-fimbriated black diagonal band bearing two white five-pointed stars divided diagonally from the lower hoist-side corner to the upper fly-side corner: the upper triangle is green and the lower triangle is red.

Flag of South Korea

The flag of the South Korea, also known as the Taegukgi (also spelled as "Taegeukgi", literally "supreme ultimate flag"), has three parts: a white rectangular background, a red and blue Taeguk, symbolizing balance, in its center, and four black trigrams selected from the original eight, one toward each corner. The flag ratio is 2:3.

The white background stands for purity, peace and justice. The red and blue Taeguk symbolizes absoluteness, the universe, space and its parts. The red part of Taeguk yang (which signifies bright, hot, light and positive) and blue yin (which signifies dark, cold and negative). These represent the eternal philosophical categories, goodness and evilness, sun and moon, light and darkness, day and night, masculine and feminine element, move and immobility, activity and passivity, life and death.

In 1882 the flag of Korea was adopted by Korean empire with non specified trigrams. In 1882 the original design of Korean flag was designed by "Bak Yeong hyo"

During this period Korea was annexed by Japan. Which made for Japan to take over their culture and also flag during this period, and after the world 2 Korea took control of their flag again which meant on 1945 or world war 2 they have won the battle after 1945.

With 4 Trigrams together it represent principle of movement and harmony.


Flag of North Korea

The flag of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, also known as the Ramhongsaek Konghwagukgi (literally "red-colored flag of the republic"), has a central red panel, bordered both above and below by a narrow white stripe and a broad blue stripe. The central red panel has a five-pointed red star in a white circle near the left side.

Mayar Badhon (TV series)

Mayar Badhon is a Bengali television Soap Opera that premiered on May 29, 2017 and airs on STAR Jalsha. It is produced by Surinder Films and stars Jasmin Roy and Debottam Majumdar in lead roles and Nandini Chatterjee as the main antagonist.The Show is Went Off Air on 17 June 2018 and it got replaced by Ardhangini


http://www.newstechcafe.com/2017/05/mayar-badhon-serial-on-star-jalsha-tv.html

Anchiceratops

Anchiceratops was a kind of plant-eating dinosaur. It had a long frill on the back of its head and three horns on its face. There were two long ones above its eyes and one shorter one on its nose. It was similar to "Triceratops", which also had these features. "Anchiceratops" was found in the Horseshoe Canyon Formation, which is a fossil site in Alberta. There is just one species of "Anchiceratops", "A. ornatus".

Barnum Brown found the first "Anchiceratops" skulls in 1912. He gave them their name, "Anchiceratops ornatus", in 1914, two years later. "Anchiceratops" means "almost "Ceratops"" and "ornatus" means "ornate". In 1924, C. M. Sternberg discovered another skull. It was smaller and had a long beak. In 1929, he named this species "A. longirostris", meaning "long snout." However, in 1990, Leham decided that "A. longirostris" was only the female of "A. ornatus". Another study done by Dodson and Currie in the same year agreed with this idea. In 1925, Sternberg found a headless skeleton that he thought belonged to "Anchiceratops". However, it could belong to "Arrhinoceratops" or a new genus. Other skulls have been found but they have never been described.

"Anchiceratops" could be 4.5 meters (15 feet) long and 1.5 tonnes (1.65 tons) in weight. If the unnamed skeleton belonged to "Anchiceratops", then it would only be 4.3 meters (14 feet) and weigh just 1.2 tonnes (1.32 tons).

"Anchiceratops" had a short nose horn that went forwards. The horns above its eyes (brow horns) were long and went a bit to the side. They were slightly curved. The frill was narrow and had many small hornlets on its outside edge. It did not angle upwards very far. The snout on some specimens is very long.

The skeleton that may belong to this dinosaur was strange. It was smaller than in most other ceratopsids. It had a long neck and strong arms, but it had a short tail with only 38 vertebrae instead of 45. The length of its thighbone was 74 centimeters and its shin was 51.5 centimeters long.

"Anchiceratops" was classified like this by Scott Sampson in 2010. This family tree shows many related ceratopsids.

"Anchiceratops" lived in the Horseshoe Canyon Formation. "Arrhinoceratops" and one other ceratopsid may also have lived there. When "Anchiceratops" was alive the Horseshoe Canyon Formation was a floodplain with forests. "Anchiceratops" seems to have liked marshy places, unlike other ceratopsids that liked drier locations.

John Jacob Lavranos

John Jacob Lavranos (29 March 1926 – 1 February 2018) was a South African-Portuguese insurance broker and botanist. He had a special interest in succulents. He was born in Corfu, Greek Island. He settled in Loulé, Portugal a small town near Faro in southern Portugal in 1995 and donated most of his plants to the Gibraltar Botanic Gardens.

Lavranos died in Loulé from a stroke on 1 February 2018 at the age of 91.

Gelterkinden

Gelterkinden is a municipality of the district of Sissach in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.


Müstair

Müstair was a municipality in Inn in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland. On 1 January 2009 the municipalities Müstair, Fuldera, Lü, Santa Maria Val Müstair, Tschierv and Valchava joined together to become the new municipality Val Müstair.

The easternmost point of Switzerland, at Piz Chavalatsch, is in the municipality.

The main tourist attraction in the area is the Benedictine Convent of Saint John.

Milan Křížek

Milan Křížek (; 9 March 1926, Lišov – 15 February 2018, České Budějovice) was a Czech composer, music teacher and viola player. During 1990-2001, Křížek taught the theory of music and composition at the Conservatoire in České Budějovice.

Until 1992 he was also employed as violist in the Opera Orchestra of the South Bohemian Theatre, in the South Czech Philharmonic Orchestra and in several other chamber ensembles.

His works include "Concerto grosso for violin, viola and orchestra" (1989), "Concerto for 14 string instruments, Sonata for viola solo" (1996), "Sonatina danzante for flute and clarinet" (2000), "Seven sequences for clarinet and percussions" (2002), "Capriccia for soprano, flute, viola and percussion on verses of Konstantin Biebl" (2005), "Concerto for violin and orchestra" (2010), "Largo desolato for violin, viola and violoncello" (2010) and "Collage IV for 3 violoncellos" (2012).

Křížek died on 15 February 2018 in České Budějovice, Czech Republic at the age of 91.

Valiant (2005)

Valiant is a 2005 British-American computer-animated movie produced by Vanguard Animation and Odyssey Entertainment, The 45th movie in Walt Disney Studios, and released by Entertainment Film Distributors in the United Kingdom on March 25, 2005 and by Walt Disney Pictures in the United States on August 19, 2005. Set in May of the year 1944, it tells the story of a group of war pigeons during World War II. Reviews of Valiant were mixed. The movie is based on a story by Jordan Katz, George Webster and George Melrod, and inspired by true stories of hundreds of pigeons that helped the soldiers in the war.

Jacques Dubochet

Jacques Dubochet (born 8 June 1942) is a retired Swiss biophysicist. He was born in Aigle, Switzerland.

He is a former researcher at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory in Heidelberg, Germany, and an honorary professor of biophysics at the University of Lausanne in Switzerland.

In 2017, he received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson "for developing cryo-electron microscopy for the high-resolution structure determination of biomolecules in solution".

Wellston, Ohio

Wellston is a city in Ohio in the United States. 5,412 people lived there in the 2020 census. It is in Jackson County. <br>

The school district there has four different schools:

Rudy Regalado

Rudolph Valentino Regalado (May 21, 1930 - February 12, 2018) was an American Major League Baseball player. He was an infielder for the Cleveland Indians from 1954 to 1956, and played in the 1954 World Series. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Regalado died on February 12, 2018 in San Diego, California of a pulmonary embolism at the age of 87.

, or Baseball Reference MiLB

Ainsley Gotto

Ainsley Gotto (14 February 1946 – 25 February 2018) was an Australian public servant and interior designer. She was the private secretary to Prime Minister John Gorton in the late 1960s. She was born in Annerley, Queensland.

Gotto began work as a typist at the Department of Immigration, but left after a few months to work for a private firm. After a year, she returned to government work at the Trade Commission Service.

When Gorton stepped down as prime minister in March 1971, Gotto stayed in his service when he became Minister for Defence, but resigned from the public service in 1972.

Gotto died at a hospital in Woollahra, Sydney of cancer-related complications on 25 February 2018 at the age of 72.

Sahlay

Sahlay (or Saleh, Salih) was a prophet in Arabia long before the birth of Islam. He has been mentioned in the Quran.

Everybody Knows (Leonard Cohen song)

"Everybody Knows" is a song written by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen and collaborator Sharon Robinson. It has often been covered and used in soundtracks. "Everybody Knows" was first released on Cohen's album "I'm Your Man", February 1988.

The lyrics include references to AIDS, social problems, and relationship and religious issues.

A cover of the song by Sigrid plays during the opening credits of "Justice League".

Popular Problems

Popular Problems is the thirteenth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen. It was released on September 19, 2014 in Friday-release countries (such as France and Ireland) and on September 22, 2014 elsewhere.

Most of the songs were new, though Cohen did debut "Born in Chains" onstage in 2010 and "My Oh My" was played during a soundcheck the same year.

Upon its release the album received uniformly positive reviews from critics. "The New York Times" gave a moderately positive review, calling Cohen "one of rock’s most profound aphorists".

The album peaked at number one on the Canadian Albums Chart, selling 20,000 copies in its first week.

You Want It Darker (song)

"You Want It Darker" is a single by Canadian poet and musician Leonard Cohen. It was released on October 21, 2016, three weeks before Cohen's death. The song is the title track from Cohen's album "You Want It Darker". 

It earned Cohen a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance.

Various Positions

Various Positions is the seventh studio album by Leonard Cohen, It was released in December 1984 (and February 1985). It marked not only his turn to the modern sound, but also, after the harmonies and backing vocals from Jennifer Warnes on the previous "Recent Songs" (1979). The album included Cohen's best known work "Hallelujah". 

"Various Positions" made the top ten in Spain, Portugal, and Scandinavia, and fared modestly well in the United Kingdom. In the original 1985 "Rolling Stone" review, Don Shewey complimented Lissauer's "lucid and beautiful production".

Dance Me to the End of Love

"Dance Me to the End of Love" is a 1984 song by Leonard Cohen. It was first performed by Cohen on his 1984 album "Various Positions". It has been recorded by many artists and in 2009 was described as "trembling on the brink of becoming a standard." The song has many references to Greek gods.

I'm Your Man (Leonard Cohen song)

"I'm Your Man" is a song written by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen, first released on the album of the same name. Originally released as a single in 1988, it reached number 57 in the French charts after Cohen's death in 2016. "Everybody Knows" was first released on Cohen's album "I'm Your Man", February 1988.

Rolling Stone said, "Set to a cheesy drum-machine beat and sotto voce horn riffs, with more than a little suggestion of a country ballad, Cohen conversationally throws himself at the feet of a woman he's done wrong. He'd never beg for her forgiveness, of course. But if he did: 'I'd crawl to you baby and I'd fall at your feet/And I'd howl at your beauty like a dog in heat...'"

I'm Your Man (Leonard Cohen album)

I'm Your Man is the eighth studio album by Leonard Cohen, released in 1988. The album marked Cohen's further move to a more modern sound.

"I'm Your Man" was recorded in Los Angeles and Montreal and employed four producers: Roscoe Beck, Jean-Michel Reusser, Michel Robidoux, and Cohen himself.

The album includes some of the singer's most popular songs and concert staples, including the single "Ain't No Cure for Love", "First We Take Manhattan", "Tower of Song", and "Everybody Knows", which was a collaboration with Cohen's backup singer Sharon Robinson.

First We Take Manhattan

"First We Take Manhattan" is a song written by Leonard Cohen. It was originally recorded by Jennifer Warnes on her 1986 Cohen tribute album "Famous Blue Raincoat", which consisted entirely of songs written or co-written by Cohen.

Ben Hewitt writing for "The Guardian" in 2015 drew attention to the lyric's apocalyptic nature, imagining Cohen "greedily eyeing world domination like a Bond villain".

Joe Cocker covered "First We Take Manhattan" on his 1999 album "No Ordinary World".

Cohen explained himself in a backstage interview: "I think it means exactly what it says. It is a terrorist song. I think it's a response to terrorism. There's something about terrorism that I've always admired. The fact that there are no alibis or no compromises. That position is always very attractive. I don't like it when it's manifested on the physical plane – I don't really enjoy the terrorist activities – but Psychic Terrorism. I remember there was a great poem by Irving Layton that I once read, I'll give you a paraphrase of it. It was 'well, you guys blow up an occasional airline and kill a few children here and there', he says. 'But our terrorists, Jesus, Freud, Marx, Einstein. The whole world is still quaking.'"

The Future (Leonard Cohen album)

The Future is the ninth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen, released in 1992. Political events and history are found elsewhere on the album, with Cohen making references to Tiananmen Square, Stalin, World War II and Hiroshima.

The title track was originally called "If You Could See What's Coming Next", and underwent extensive rewrites, taking up almost sixty pages in Cohen's notebook, while "Closing Time" took two years with Cohen even starting over from scratch on the song as late as March 1992.

Suzanne (Leonard Cohen song)

"Suzanne" is a song written by Canadian poet and musician Leonard Cohen in 1968. First published as a poem in 1966, it was recorded as a song by Judy Collins in the same year. Cohen performed it as his debut single, from his 1967 album "Songs of Leonard Cohen". 

In 2006, Pitchfork Media listed the song #41 on their list of "The Top Songs of the 1960s".

So Long, Marianne

"So Long, Marianne" is a 1967 song written by Canadian poet and musician Leonard Cohen. It was featured on his debut album, "Songs of Leonard Cohen". Pitchfork Media placed it at number 190 on their list of "The 200 Greatest Songs of the 1960s."

Songs of Leonard Cohen

Songs of Leonard Cohen is the debut album by Canadian folk singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen. It was released on December 27, 1967 on Columbia Records. The best known song from the album is "So Long, Marianne".

"Songs of Leonard Cohen" foreshadowed the kind of chart success Cohen would go on to achieve. It reached number 83 on the "Billboard" 200 and achieving gold status in the US only in 1989, but peaked at number 13 on the UK Albums Chart, and spent nearly a year and a half on it.

Take This Waltz (song)

"Take This Waltz" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen. It was originally released as part of the 1986 Federico García Lorca tribute album "Poet in New York" ("Poeta en Nueva York") and as a single.

The song was later included in Cohen's 1988 studio album "I'm Your Man". The song's lyrics are a loose translation, into English, of the poem "Pequeño vals vienés" (Little Viennese Waltz) by the Spanish poet Federico García Lorca (one of Cohen's favorite poets). The poem was first published in Lorca's seminal book "Poeta en Nueva York". 

The song reached number one in Spain in 1986.

Bountiful, Utah

Bountiful is a city in Davis County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 45,762.


Kundo Phooler Mala

Kundo Phooler Mala is an Indian Bengali television Soap Opera that premiered on 29 May 2017 at 6:00PM and aired on Star Jalsha. Produced by Magic Moments Motion Pictures, It started Indrajit Chakraborty and Rukma Roy in lead roles, Debolina Dutta in a negative role and Laboni Sarkar, Sohini Sanyal, Bharat Kaul, Shankar Chakraborty in supporting roles. The Show Went Off Air on 18 March 2018.


http://www.newstechcafe.com/2017/05/koondo-phooler-mala-serial-on-star.html

Pan-Africanism

Pan-Africanism is a political movement about improving the position of Africa, and people with ancestors from Africa in the world. In essence, Pan-Africanism is the belief that people of African descent have common interests and should be unified. Pan-Africanists believe the slave trade and colonialism have hurt African nations and people, and the solution that they see is for Africans to unite politically.

4. South African History Online. Retrieved 2021-12-22


Diomedes

Diomedes (, "Diomēdēs" - "God-like cunning, advised by Zeus") was an ancient Greek hero and one of the central figures of the "Iliad". Son of King Tydeus and Queen Deipyle, he was the leader of the Argive contingent during the Trojan War. Diomedes was, alongside Greater Ajax, regarded as one of the greatest of all the Achaean warriors, second only to Achilles in terms of prowess.

Hexadecagon

An hexadecagon or hexakaidecagon is a shape with 16 sides and 16 corners.

A "regular hexadecagon" is a hexadecagon in which all angles are equal and all sides are congruent. Its Schläfli symbol is {16} and can be constructed as a truncated octagon, t{8}, and a twice-truncated square tt{4}. A truncated hexadecagon, t{16}, is a triacontadigon, {32}.

The area of a regular hexadecagon with edge length "t" is

Because the hexadecagon has a number of sides that is a power of two, its area can be computed in terms of the circumradius "R" by truncating Viète's formula:

Since the area of the circumcircle is formula_3 the regular hexadecagon fills approximately 97.45% of its circumcircle.

Coxeter states that every parallel-sided 2"m"-gon can be divided into m(m-1)/2 rhombs. For the "regular hexadecagon", "m"=8, and it can be divided into 28: 4 squares and 3 sets of 8 rhombs. This decomposition is based on a Petrie polygon projection of a 8-cube, with 28 of 1792 faces. The list A006245 enumerates the number of solutions as 1232944, including up to 16-fold rotations and chiral forms in reflection.

A skew hexadecagon is a skew polygon with 24 vertices and edges but not existing on the same plane. The interior of such an hexadecagon is not generally defined. A "skew zig-zag hexadecagon" has vertices alternating between two parallel planes.

A regular skew hexadecagon is vertex-transitive with equal edge lengths. In 3-dimensions it will be a zig-zag skew hexadecagon and can be seen in the vertices and side edges of a octagonal antiprism with the same D, [2,16] symmetry, order 32. The octagrammic antiprism, s{2,16/3} and octagrammic crossed-antiprism, s{2,16/5} also have regular skew octagons.

In the early 16th century, Raphael was the first to construct a perspective image of a regular hexadecagon: the tower in his painting "The Marriage of the Virgin" has 16 sides, elaborating on an eight-sided tower in a previous painting by Pietro Perugino.
Hexadecagrams (16-sided star polygons) are included in the Girih patterns in the Alhambra.
An octagonal star can be seen as a concave hexadecagon:

Parallelepiped

In geometry, a parallelepiped is a three-dimensional figure formed by six parallelograms (the term rhomboid is also sometimes used with this meaning). By analogy, it relates to a parallelogram just as a cube relates to a square or as a cuboid to a rectangle. In Euclidean geometry, its definition encompasses all four concepts (i.e., "parallelepiped", "parallelogram", "cube", and "square"). In this context of affine geometry, in which angles are not differentiated, its definition admits only "parallelograms" and "parallelepipeds". Three equivalent definitions of "parallelepiped" are
The rectangular cuboid (six rectangular faces), cube (six square faces), and the rhombohedron (six rhombus faces) are all specific cases of parallelepiped.

Any of the three pairs of parallel faces can be viewed as the base planes of the prism. A parallelepiped has three sets of four parallel edges; the edges within each set are of equal length.

Parallelepipeds result from linear transformations of a cube (for the non-degenerate cases: the bijective linear transformations).

Since each face has point symmetry, a parallelepiped is a zonohedron. Also the whole parallelepiped has point symmetry "C" (see also triclinic). Each face is, seen from the outside, the mirror image of the opposite face. The faces are in general chiral, but the parallelepiped is not.

A space-filling tessellation is possible with congruent copies of any parallelepiped.

The volume of a parallelepiped is the product of the area of its base "A" and its height "h". The base is any of the six faces of the parallelepiped. The height is the perpendicular distance between the base and the opposite face.

An alternative method defines the vectors a = ("a", "a", "a"), b = ("b", "b", "b") and c = ("c", "c", "c") to represent three edges that meet at one vertex. The volume of the parallelepiped then equals the absolute value of the scalar triple product a · (b × c):

This is true because, if we choose b and c to represent the edges of the base, the area of the base is, by definition of the cross product (see geometric meaning of cross product),
where "θ" is the angle between b and c, and the height is 
where "α" is the internal angle between a and "h".

From the figure, we can deduce that the magnitude of α is limited to 0° ≤ "α" < 90°. On the contrary, the vector b × c may form with a an internal angle "β" larger than 90° (0° ≤ "β" ≤ 180°). Namely, since b × c is parallel to "h", the value of "β" is either "β" = "α" or "β" = 180° − "α". So 
and 
We conclude that 
which is, by definition of the scalar (or dot) product, equivalent to the absolute value of a · (b × c), Q.E.D.

The latter expression is also equivalent to the absolute value of the determinant of a three dimensional matrix built using a, b and c as rows (or columns):
This is found using Cramer's Rule on three reduced two dimensional matrices found from the original.

If "a", "b", and "c" are the parallelepiped edge lengths, and α, β, and γ are the internal angles between the edges, the volume is

The volume of any tetrahedron that shares three converging edges of a parallelepiped has a volume equal to one sixth of the volume of that parallelepiped (see proof).

For parallelepipeds with a symmetry plane there are two cases:
See also monoclinic.

A rectangular cuboid, also called a "rectangular parallelepiped" or sometimes simply a "cuboid", is a parallelepiped of which all faces are rectangular; a cube is a cuboid with square faces.

A rhombohedron is a parallelepiped with all rhombic faces; a trigonal trapezohedron is a rhombohedron with congruent rhombic faces.

A "perfect parallelepiped" is a parallelepiped with integer-length edges, face diagonals, and space diagonals. In 2009, dozens of perfect parallelepipeds were shown to exist, answering an open question of Richard Guy. One example has edges 271, 106, and 103, minor face diagonals 101, 266, and 255, major face diagonals 183, 312, and 323, and space diagonals 374, 300, 278, and 272. 

Some perfect parallelopipeds having two rectangular faces are known. But it is not known whether there exist any with all faces rectangular; such a case would be called a perfect cuboid.

Coxeter called the generalization of a parallelepiped in higher dimensions a parallelotope.

Specifically in "n"-dimensional space it is called "n"-dimensional parallelotope, or simply "n"-parallelotope. Thus a parallelogram is a 2-parallelotope and a parallelepiped is a 3-parallelotope.

More generally a parallelotope, or "voronoi parallelotope", has parallel and congruent opposite facets. So a 2-parallelotope is a parallelogon which can also include certain hexagons, and a 3-parallelotope is a parallelohedron, including 5 types of polyhedra.

The diagonals of an "n"-parallelotope intersect at one point and are bisected by this point. Inversion in this point leaves the "n"-parallelotope unchanged. See also fixed points of isometry groups in Euclidean space.

The edges radiating from one vertex of a "k"-parallelotope form a "k"-frame formula_9 of the vector space, and the parallelotope can be recovered from these vectors, by taking linear combinations of the vectors, with weights between 0 and 1.

The "n"-volume of an "n"-parallelotope embedded in formula_10 where formula_11 can be computed by means of the Gram determinant. Alternatively, the volume is the norm of the exterior product of the vectors:

If "m" = "n", this amounts to the absolute value of the determinant of the "n" vectors.

Another formula to compute the volume of an "n"-parallelotope "P" in formula_13, whose vertices are formula_14, is 

where formula_16 is the row vector formed by the concatenation of formula_17 and 1. Indeed, the determinant is unchanged if formula_18 is subtracted from formula_16 (), and placing formula_18 in the last position only changes its sign. 

Similarly, the volume of any "n"-simplex that shares "n" converging edges of a parallelotope has a volume equal to one 1/"n"! of the volume of that parallelotope.

The word appears as "parallelipipedon" in Sir Henry Billingsley's translation of Euclid's Elements, dated 1570. In the 1644 edition of his "Cursus mathematicus", Pierre Hérigone used the spelling "parallelepipedum". The "Oxford English Dictionary" cites the present-day "parallelepiped" as first appearing in Walter Charleton's "Chorea gigantum" (1663).

Charles Hutton's Dictionary (1795) shows "parallelopiped" and "parallelopipedon", showing the influence of the combining form "parallelo-", as if the second element were "pipedon" rather than "epipedon". Noah Webster (1806) includes the spelling "parallelopiped". The 1989 edition of the "Oxford English Dictionary" describes "parallelopiped" (and "parallelipiped") explicitly as incorrect forms, but these are listed without comment in the 2004 edition, and only pronunciations with the emphasis on the fifth syllable "pi" () are given.

A change away from the traditional pronunciation has hidden the different partition suggested by the Greek roots, with "epi-" ("on") and "pedon" ("ground") combining to give "epiped", a flat "plane". Thus the faces of a parallelepiped are planar, with opposite faces being parallel.



Lulu Belle Madison White

Lulu (or Lula) Belle Madison White (August 31, 1900 – July 6, 1957) was a teacher and civil rights activist in Texas during the 1940s and 1950s. In 1939, White was named as the president of the Houston chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) before becoming executive secretary of the branch in 1943. Under her leadership, the Houston chapter of the NAACP more than doubled in size from 1943 to 1948.

Pulaski, Tennessee

Pulaski is a city in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is the county seat of Giles County. 8,397 people lived there in the 2020 census.

Flag of Kuwait

The national flag of Kuwait () was created in 1961. It has green, white, and red horizontal bands with a black trapezoid next to the left side.

Pentacontagon

In geometry, a pentacontagon or pentecontagon or 50-gon is a fifty-sided polygon. The sum of any pentacontagon's interior angles is 8640 degrees.

A "regular pentacontagon" is represented by Schläfli symbol {50} and can be constructed as a quasiregular truncated icosipentagon, t{25}, which alternates two types of edges.

One interior angle in a regular pentacontagon is 172°, meaning that one exterior angle would be 7°.

The area of a regular pentacontagon is (with )

and its inradius is

The circumradius of a regular pentacontagon is

Since 50 = 2 × 5, a regular pentacontagon is not constructible using a compass and straightedge, and is not constructible even if the use of an angle trisector is allowed.

Coxeter states that every zonogon (a 2"m"-gon whose opposite sides are parallel and of equal length) can be dissected into "m"("m"-1)/2 parallelograms.
In particular this is true for regular polygons with evenly many sides, in which case the parallelograms are all rhombi. For the "regular pentacontagon", "m"=25, it can be divided into 300: 12 sets of 25 rhombs. This decomposition is based on a Petrie polygon projection of a 25-cube.


Hexacontagon

A hexacontagon or 60-gon is a shape with 60 sides and 60 corners.

A "regular hexacontagon" is represented by Schläfli symbol {60} and also can be constructed as a truncated triacontagon, t{30}, or a twice-truncated pentadecagon, tt{15}. A truncated hexacontagon, t{60}, is a 120-gon, {120}.

One interior angle in a regular hexacontagon is 174°, meaning that one exterior angle would be 6°.

The area of a regular hexacontagon is (with )

and its inradius is

The circumradius of a regular hexacontagon is

This means that the trigonometric functions of π/60 can be expressed in radicals.

Since 60 = 2 × 3 × 5, a regular hexacontagon is constructible using a compass and straightedge. As a truncated triacontagon, it can be constructed by an edge-bisection of a regular triacontagon.

Coxeter states that every zonogon (a 2"m"-gon whose opposite sides are parallel and of equal length) can be dissected into "m"("m"-1)/2 parallelograms.

In particular this is true for regular polygons with evenly many sides, in which case the parallelograms are all rhombi. For the "regular hexacontagon", "m"=30, and it can be divided into 435: 15 squares and 14 sets of 30 rhombs. This decomposition is based on a Petrie polygon projection of a 30-cube.


Myrmidons

The Myrmidons (, "Myrmidones") were a legendary people of Greek mythology. Native to the region of Thessaly, they were said to be the fiercest and strongest of all the warriors in Greece; during the Trojan War, they were led by Achilles, as described in Homer's "Iliad". According to Greek myth, they were created by Zeus from a colony of ants, from which their name is derived - Greek "myrmex" (), meaning "ant".

Emirate of Umm Al Quwain

Umm al-Quwain (; ) is the capital city and largest city of the emirate with the same name. of the seven sovereign emirates in the United Arab Emirates, in the north of the country. Mangroves populate the coast of the city, and the local economy is fishing.

Umm al-Quwain lies on the Arabian Gulf.


Pratidaan

Pratidaan (); is a Bengali television Popular Soap Opera that premiered on August 21, 2017, and airs on STAR Jalsha. Produced by Boyhood Productions, it stars Sandipta Sen and Sheikh Rezwan Rabbani in lead roles and Tanuka Chatterjee in a Negative role. It replaced Star Jalsha's popular show "Milon Tithi".

Shimul is a very well educated girl and she wants to pursue her study further. She wants to get married in a family where she gets her due respect as a highly educated girl. But on the other hand her would be mother-in-law wants to get a bride who is altoegther illiterate. As the destiny had it her son meets Shimul, a girl of diametrically opposite character. They get married and she will have to teach life lessons to her arrogant husband, Neel, was not the kind of marriage Shimul was hoping for. Will they ever fall in love? What happens next?


http://www.newstechcafe.com/2017/07/protidan-serial-on-star-jalsha-tv-plot.html

Ursula B. Marvin

Ursula Bailey Marvin (August 20, 1921 – February 12, 2018) was an American planetary geologist and author. She worked for the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory. 

She won the 1997 Lifetime Achievement Award from Women in Science and Engineering. Asteroid (4309) Marvin is named in her honour.

Marvin died at a retirement home in Concord, Massachusetts on February 12, 2018 at the age of 96.

Hina Jilani

Hina Jilani () (born 1953) is an advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and a human-rights activist from Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan.

Special Representative of the Secretary-General

A Special Representative of the Secretary-General is a highly respected expert who has been appointed by the Secretary-General of the United Nations to represent her/him in meetings with heads of state on critical human rights issues. The representatives can carry out country visits to investigate allegations of human rights violations or act as negotiators on behalf of the United Nations.

Human Rights Commission of Pakistan

A Special Representative of the Secretary-General is a highly respected expert who has been appointed by the Secretary-General of the United Nations to represent her/him in meetings with heads of state on critical human rights issues. The representatives can carry out country visits to investigate allegations of human rights violations or act as negotiators on behalf of the United Nations.

Among issues it has covered are women's rights, including gender equality, violence against women, domestic violence, Hudood Ordinance, honour killing, Forced disappearance in Pakistan, abolition of capital punishment, LGBT rights, restrictions on press freedom, freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom of movement, police brutality, and religiously-inspired violence. The commission is a member organisation of the Asian Forum for Human Rights and Development (FORUM-ASIA).

It describes its aims as:

David Caron

David D. Caron (June 28, 1952 – February 20, 2018) was an American professor of law. He was born in Hartford, Connecticut. He did public international law, environmental law, and international arbitration. He was the dean of the King's College, London School of Law, and an emeritus professor of UC Berkeley School of Law.

Caron died on February 20, 2018 in London, England at the age of 65.

Government of India Act 1858

The Government of India Act 1858 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom (21 & 22 Vict. c. 106) passed on August 2, 1858. Its provisions called for the liquidation of the British East India Company (who had up to this point been ruling British India under the auspices of Parliament) and the transference of its functions to the British Crown.

The Act ushered in a new period of Indian history, bringing about the end of Company rule in India. The era of the new British Raj would last until Partition of British India in August 1947, at which time all of the territory of the British Raj was granted Dominion status within the Dominion of Pakistan and the Dominion of India.

Indian Independence Act 1947

The Indian Independence Act 1947 (1947 c. 30 (10 & 11. Geo. 6.)) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that partitioned British India into the two new Independent Dominions of India and Pakistan. The Act received the royal assent on 18 July 1947, and Pakistan came into being on 14 August and India came into being on 15 August.

There was much violence, and many Muslims from what would become India fled to Pakistan; and Hindus and Sikhs from what would become Pakistan fled to India. Many people left behind all their possessions and property to avoid the violence and flee to their new country.

The Indian Independence Act was subsequently repealed in Article 395 of the Constitution of India and in Article 221 of the Constitution of Pakistan of 1956, both constitutions being intended to bring about greater independence for the new states. Although the new constitutions did not have the legal authority to repeal the Act, the repeal was intended to establish them as independent legal systems based only on home-grown legislation. The Act has not been repealed in the United Kingdom, where it still has effect, although some sections of it have been repealed.

Boyhood Productions

Boyhood Productions is a productions based in Kolkata. The show has produced three popular shows that air on Star Jalsha. They are Pratidaan, Jiban Jyoti, Bijoyini and Ke Apon Ke Por. The producers of Boyhood Productions are Gurjit Singh, Surinder Singh, and Sushanta Das.


Hawaii–Aleutian Time Zone

The Hawaii-Aleutian time zone subtracts ten hours from UTC during standard time (UTC-10) and nine hours during daylight saving time (UTC-9).

This time zone is called Hawaii-Aleutian Standard Time (HST) during standard time (Winter). It is called Hawaii-Aleutian Daylight Time (HDT) during daylight saving time (Summer). 

Places that are in Hawaii-Aleutian Time Zone

United States

-Hawaii (No DST)

-Alaska (Western Aleutian Islands west of 169.5 degrees W)

France

Most of french polynesia.

Classical crossover

Classical crossover is a style of music where classical music is performed in a popular modern style that is different to how that music was originally performed. It can also refer to popular performers who normally play rock music or other popular music, but adapt their music into a classical music style like Orchestral music. There are other performers who take Classical repertoire and perform it in modern styles like rock or dance music. One example of this is the band called "Classical Made Modern".

Kogo language

Kogo, also called Bakoko and Basoo, is a Bantu language. It is spoken in Cameroon. North and South Kogo are as different from each other as they are from Basaa. They might be three dialects of one language.

Kogo uses the Latin script. Its alphabet is based on the General Alphabet of Cameroon Languages and it has 7 vowels and 20 consonants.

Giorgi Maisashvili

George (Gia) Maisashvili () (November 24, 1962 – February 26, 2018) was a Georgian economist, human rights activist and politician. He was a presidential candidate in the Georgian presidential election of 2008. He was born in Tbilisi.

After the Georgian Civil War and the overthrowing of the democratically elected government by Eduard Shevardnadze in 1992, Maisashvili was forced to flee the country and was granted a political asylum by the United States.

Maisashvili died in Tbilisi on February 26, 2018 of colorectal cancer at the age of 55.

Amtrak Cascades

The Amtrak "Cascades" is a passenger train in the United States and Canada. It goes up and down the Pacific Northwest, from Vancouver to Seattle to Portland to Eugene, Oregon. It takes its name from the Cascade Mountains.

The train is run by Amtrak and gets money from Washington and Oregon. It stops in 18 cities. The "Cascades" name started being used in 1998; trains were already running under different names.

James Colby

James Leo Colby (September 20, 1961 – February 23, 2018) was an American actor. Colby appeared in many Broadway plays and few stage productions in Connecticut. 

Colby was known for his roles "The Pacemaker" (1997), "Tower Heist" (2011), "Safe" (2012), "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" (2014) and in "Patriots Day" (2016). In television, he was known for his role as Sergeant Ray Dwyer in "Chicago P.D." and Burleson in "Empire".

Colby died on February 23, 2018 at the age of 56. 


Isosceles triangle

In geometry, an isosceles triangle is a triangle that has two sides of equal length. Sometimes it is specified as having two "and only two" sides of equal length, and sometimes as having "at least" two sides of equal length, the latter version thus including the equilateral triangle as a special case.
Examples of isosceles triangles include the isosceles right triangle, the golden triangle, and the faces of bipyramids and certain Catalan solids.

The mathematical study of isosceles triangles dates back to ancient Egyptian mathematics and Babylonian mathematics. Isosceles triangles have been used as decoration from even earlier times, and appear frequently in architecture and design, for instance in the pediments and gables of buildings.

The two equal sides are called the legs and the third side is called the base of the triangle. The other dimensions of the triangle, such as its height, area, and perimeter, can be calculated by simple formulas from the lengths of the legs and base.
Every isosceles triangle has an axis of symmetry along the perpendicular bisector of its base. The two angles opposite the legs are equal and are always acute, so the classification of the triangle as acute, right, or obtuse depends only on the angle between its two legs.

Microbloggging

Microblogging is a blog which is typically smaller in file size. It "allows users to exchange small elements of content such as short sentences, individual images, or video links",

Remember Me (movie)

Remember Me is a 2010 romantic coming-of-age drama movie. Robert Pattinson, Lena Olin, Emilie de Ravin and Pierce Brosnan are in the movie.

In New York City, 1991, Alyssa "Ally" Craig and her mother Helen wait on the subway. They are attacked by two young men. The two men shoot and kill Ally's mother after they get on the train.

Ten years later, in 2001, Ally is a student at New York University. She's living with her father Neil, a New York City Police Department detective.

A man named Tyler Hawkins also has classes at the university. He works at the university bookstore. He has a difficult relationship with his businessman father Charles. That's because his older brother, Michael, had killed himself years earlier. Charles doesn't pay attention to his youngest child, Caroline. Tyler is protective of her.

One night with a roommate named Aidan, Tyler gets into someone else's fight. He is arrested by Neil. Aidan calls Charles to bail out Tyler. But Tyler doesn't stay to have a talk with his father.

Caroline, an artist, is at an art show. Tyler asks his father to go to the show. When he doesn't come, Tyler meets him in a boardroom filled with people. This makes his father very frustrated.

Neil's partner sees Tyler and Ally on a train. Neil breaks into Tyler's apartment and meets him. Tyler makes Neil mad by telling him Aidan's plan. Tyler is then forced to tell Ally. She leaves and returns home. Aidan visits Ally at her father's home.

Caroline is bullied by classmates at a birthday party where they cut off her hair. Ally and Aidan visit the apartment of Tyler's mother, where Caroline is sobbing. Tyler takes his sister to school. When the classmates tease Caroline for her new haircut, Tyler gets violent and goes to jail. Charles is impressed that Tyler stood up for his sister. Charles asks Tyler to meet with his lawyers. 

Tyler spends the night with Ally. They reveal they love each other after they have sex.

Charles takes Caroline to school. He calls Tyler to let him know this. He says he will be late. Tyler is happy his father is spending time with Caroline. When Charles drops Caroline off at school, she sits in her classroom. The teacher then writes the date on the blackboard as September 11, 2001. That morning, Tyler looks out the window of his father's office on the 101st floor of the North Tower at World Trade Center. When the terrorist attacks begin, the rest of the family look at the World Trade Center towers before the camera looks over the rubble.

In a voice-over of Tyler's diary, Tyler reveals to Michael that he loves him. Tyler forgives Michael for killing himself.

Some time later, Charles and Caroline seem to have a healthy father and daughter relationship.

Ally gets on the subway in the same spot where her mother was killed.


"Remember Me" was first released on March 1, 2010 at the Paris Theatre in New York City. It was then released widely on March 12, 2010. The movie was rated 12A in the United Kingdom and PG-13 in the United States.

Rotten Tomatoes gives a rating of 27 based on 108 reviews. Metacritic has a rating of 40 out of 100, meaning mixed or average reviews. Roger Ebert liked the movie. He gave it three out of four stars.

The movie made over $56 million USD.

Makkal Needhi Maiam

Makkal Needhi Maiam (Translation: People's Justice Centre), is an Indian political party in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu and union territory of Puducherry. It was founded by famous actor Kamal Haasan. This party was started (launched) in a public meeting at Madurai in 2018 February 21. He also launched his party flag in the meeting. The flag has a symbol with six hands locked with one another. This symbol represents the co-operation between the South Indian states (5 States and 1 Union Territory).

Search algorithm

A search algorithm is a method for finding a target value within a list. It checks each element of the list for the target value until a match is found or until all the elements have been searched.

Linear search is rarely practical because other search algorithms and schemes, such as the binary search algorithm and hash tables, allow significantly faster searching for all but short lists.

World of Coca-Cola

The World of Coca-Cola is a museum about the history of Coca-Cola, the world's most popular soft drink, and the company who makes it, The Coca-Cola Company.

The museum is in the city of Atlanta, Georgia and opened on May 24, 2007. It covers an area of .


Penny Vincenzi

Penelope Vincenzi (, 10 April 1939 – 25 February 2018) was a British novelist. She was born in Bournemouth, England.

She wrote 17 novels and 2 collections of stories. Her sales by 2014 amounted to over 7 million copies.

She started work for the "Daily Mirror" as a secretary, and after a year was working for Marjorie Proops, she knowing of her journalistic ambitions, let her help with research and small tasks.

Vincenzi was also a fashion journalist, she worked for various publications, including the "Daily Mirror" and "Vogue".

Vincenzi died on 25 February 2018, aged 78.

Flag of Jordan

The flag of Jordan was created in 1928, is based on the flag of the Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Empire during World War I.

It has a horizontal bands of black, white and green; with a red triangle based on the hoist-side containing a white seven-pointed star.

Flag of Iraq

The flag of Iraq () has three horizontal bands of red, white, and black, charged with the ' (', "God is [the] greatest") in green Kufic script, centered on the white stripe.

Flag of Lebanon

The flag of Lebanon was created in 1943.

It has horizontal bands of red, white and red. There is a green Lebanon Cedar in the center of the flag.

Flag of Yemen

The flag of Yemen () has three horizontal tricolour of red, white and black.

The Arab Liberation Flag served as the inspiration for the flags of both North and South Yemen prior to unification, as well as for the current flags of Egypt, Iraq, Sudan, and Syria.

Flag of Qatar

The flag of Qatar () is in the ratio of 11:28. It has a white band on the hoist-side, separated from a maroon area on the fly-side by nine white triangles which act as a serrated line. It was adopted on 9 July 1971.

Flag of Brunei

The flag of Brunei Darussalam was created in 1958.

It has a red centered crest of Brunei on a yellow field cut by black and white diagonal stripes (parallelograms at an angle).

Social Democratic Party of Switzerland

The Social Democratic Party of Switzerland (also rendered as Swiss Socialist Party; ; ; ; ) is a political party in Switzerland. It is represented by two Federal Councilors since 1960 and got the second-most votes in the 2015 national elections.

The party was founded on 21 October 1888, and is currently the second largest of the four leading coalition political parties in Switzerland. It is the only left-wing party with representatives in the Swiss Federal Council. It is also the second largest political party in the Swiss parliament. The current members in the Swiss Federal Council are: Alain Berset and Simonetta Sommaruga.

The SP is the largest pro-European party in Switzerland and supports Swiss membership of the European Union, unlike most other Swiss parties. Additionally, it is strongly opposed to capitalism and maintains a long-term goal of "overcoming capitalism." The party is a member of the Progressive Alliance, and an associate member of the Party of European Socialists.


Graveyard slot

A graveyard slot is a timeslot during the early morning hours, between 2:00 to 6:00 a.m., after late night television and before morning news shows. Many people are sleeping at home, or in work away from the television. The timeslot mainly shows reruns of original shows. Overnight news programs are broadcasted on ABC and CBS. NBC had its overnight news program during the 1980s.

VV Cephei

VV Cephei is a eclipsing binary star in the Cepheus constellation. It is 5,000 light years from Earth. 

VV Cephei A is one of the largest known stars, being a red supergiant. Its diameter is more than a thousand times that of the Sun. It is orbited by VV Cephei B, a blue star with 1325 times the Solar radius. If VV Cephei A were placed in the center of our Solar System, its radius would reach past the orbit of Mars and the asteroid belt.


Eudoros

In Greek mythology, Eudoros () was one of the Myrmidons as well as the second of five commanders who served under Achilles during the Trojan War. He was a demigod, son of Hermes and Polymele.

According to the Iliad, he commanded ten penteconters and five hundred Myrmidons. In Book XVI of the Iliad, when Patroclus readies Achilles's men, Homer talks about him for fourteen lines - more than any of the other commanders in this passage. He is also the second most notable of the five, beaten only by Phoenix.

Phoenix (Myrmidon)

In Greek mythology, Phoenix (, "Phoinix"; gen. Φοίνικος, "Phoinikos") was one of the Myrmidons (Achilles' five commanders during the Trojan War). His parents were Amyntor and Cleobule. He was the king of the Dolopes. He also took part in the hunt for the Calydonian Boar.

Swedesboro, New Jersey

Swedesboro is a borough in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. As of 2020, it had a population of 2,711 inhabitants and a population density of 1,432 people per km².

Swedesboro was formed as a borough by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on April 9, 1902, from portions of Woolwich Township. The borough was named for its early settlers originally from the colony of New Sweden.

Swedesboro was, at the side of Bridgeport, one of only two settlements in what is now new Jersey in the colony of New Sweden. The oldest existing logging cottage in the United States was built by Antti Niilonpoika (Anthony Neilson/Nelson) in Swedesboro. It is registered as a historic monument, which is also the Church of Trinity Church. This church was founded as a Swedish Lutheran Church 1703; The current building was erected 1784.

The cemetery at the church is the burial ground of the governor of New Jersey Charles C. Stratton and Congressman Benjamin Franklin Howey, among other notable people.

According to the 2020 American Census, its population was 2,711 inhabitants. Whites are the major ethnic group, numbering 62.0% of Swedesboro's total population in 2020.


Leo Falcam

Leo Ammy Falcam (November 20, 1935 – February 12, 2018) was a Micronesian politician. He was born in Pohnpei. He served as the first elected Governor of Pohnpei from 1979 to 1983 and as Vice President of Micronesia from May 1997 to May 1999. 

Falcam then served as the fifth president of the Federated States of Micronesia from May 11, 1999 to May 11, 2003. In March 2003 he lost his parliamentary seat during elections, denying him a chance at a second term.

Falcam died on February 12, 2018 at the age of 82.


Luciano Benjamín Menéndez

Luciano Benjamín Menéndez (19 June 1927 – 27 February 2018) was a former Argentine general and convicted human rights violator and murderer. He served as Commander of the Third Army Corps from 1975 to 1979. He played a prominent role as a murder of social activists. He ordered mass arrests of hundreds of trade union members, students, teachers, journalists and anyone else suspected of collaborating with left-wing guerrillas.

After the dictatorship ended in 1983, Menéndez (as a top officer) fell outside the purview of the "Ley de Obediencia Debida" ("Law of Due Obedience") and was accused of nearly 800 crimes. In 1988 he was indicted with 47 homicides, 76 instances of torture (4 of them followed by death) and 4 kidnappings of minors.

In August 2008, Menéndez, along with fellow general Antonio Domingo Bussi, was found guilty of the forced disappearance and murder of politician Guillermo Vargas Aignasse and sentenced to a further life sentence.

On 4 July 2014 Menéndez and Luis Estrella were found guilty of ordering the murder of Enrique Angelelli, bishop of La Rioja, Argentina, in August 1976. He received an additional life sentence.

Menéndez died in Córdoba, Argentina on 27 February 2018 of complications from heart failure at the age of 90.

Jayendra Saraswathi

Jagadguru Sri Jayendra Saraswathi Shankaracharya (born Subramanyam Mahadeva ; 18 July 1935 – 28 February 2018) was an Indian guru. He was the 69th Shankaracharya Guru and head or pontiff (Pïțhādhipati) of the Kanchi Kamakoti Peetham. He served as head from 22 March 1954 until his death in 2018. He was born in Irulneeki, Thanjavur dt, Tamil Nadu.

Saraswathi died at a hospital in Kamakshi, India of respiratory failure on 28 February 2018 at the age of 82.


Holladay, Utah

Holladay is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. It is part of the Salt Lake City, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2020 census, 31,965 people lived in Holladay. This is up from 26,472 people at the 2010 census.

It was reported in the 1990 census as the Holladay-Cottonwood CDP.


Memnon (mythology)

Memnon () was an Aethiopian king and an ally of the Trojans during the Trojan War. He was a demigod, the son of Tithonus and Eos, the goddess of the dawn. As a warrior, he was considered to be almost Achilles' equal in prowess and skill. During the Trojan War, Memnon himself slew Antilochus in the middle of a fierce battle and was himself later killed by Achilles. The death of Memnon appears to echo that of Hector, another defender of Troy whom Achilles had also slain.

Udaipur

Udaipur, also called the "City of Lakes" or the "Kashmir of Rajasthan," is a major city, municipal corporation and the administrative headquarters of the Udaipur district in the Indian state of Rajasthan. It is the historic capital of the kingdom of Mewar in the former Rajputana Agency. It was founded in 1553 by Maharana Udai Singh of the Sisodia clan of Rajput, when he shifted his capital from the city of Chittorgarh to Udaipur.

Time in Hawaii

Hawaii has one time zone, called Hawaii–Aleutian Time (HST), which subtracts 10 hours from UTC (). Hawaii does not use daylight saving time.

Before 1896, Hawaii did not use a standard time zone. On January 8, 1896, the minister of the interior of the Provisional Government of Hawaii made a standard time zone. It was called Hawaiian Standard Time, and it subtracted ten and a half hours from UTC (). Hawaii started using Hawaiian Standard Time on January 13, 1896, at noon. On May 19, 1947, the Legislature passed a law to change Hawaiian Standard Time to UTC−10:00. Hawaii would start using this new time on June 8, 1947.

In 1966, Congress passed a law called the Uniform Time Act. This law made new time zones for all of the United States. Hawaii was put into the Alaska–Hawaii Time Zone. On March 30, 1967, the Hawaii State Legislature passed a law that said Hawaii would not use daylight saving time. The name of the time zone was changed to "Hawaii-Aleutian Time Zone" in 1984.


Torcuato Benjumeda

Torcuato José Benjumeda y Laguada (El Puerto de Santa María, 1757 — Cádiz, 1836) was a Spanish architect. He was a follower of Torcuato Cayón. He was one of the most important neoclassical architects of Andalucia.

Torcuato José Benjumeda y Laguada was born in El Puerto de Santa María on 4 January 1757. He was the son of Miguel Benjumeda and María Laguada.  His parents were married in the Iglesia Prioral de El Puerto de Santa María in 1756. His father was born in Málaga.  His father was the son of Francisco de Benjumea and of Ana Francisca de Gálves.  His mother was from Saint Pedayna in Génova.  She was the daughter of Cayetano Laguada and of Rosa Bertorela. Torcuato was baptized on 9 January in the Prioral.  This was because his godfather was the architect Torcuato Cayón. 

Benjumeda y Laguada married with Cándida Martínez de Pinillos in the church of San Juan Bautista of Chiclana on 15 August 1789. The couple ad five children. After getting married, they moved the marriage to Cadiz.  Their house was number 198 of the plazuela de la Cruz Green. Benjumeda y Laguada was appointed architect of the City council. He died in Cadiz on 15 April 1836 when he was 79 years old.
A portrait of Benjumeda y Laguada is in the Museo de Cádiz.  It was painted by Juan Rodríguez in 1813.  It is titled "El panadero", which means "the baker".  His son donated it to the museum in 1861.


Namchi

Namchi or Namtse is the capital of South Sikkim district, Sikkim.
As of the 2011 India census, Namchi had a population of 12,194. The males population was 52%. The female population was 48%. Namchi has an average literacy rate of 78%. The male literacy is 81%, and female literacy is 73%. In Namchi, 9% of the population is under 6 years of age. Most of the people of Namchi are Hindus and Buddhists. Languages spoken are Nepali.

Tamizhaga Vaazhvurimai Katchi

Tamizhaga Vazhvurimai Katchi is a political party in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was founded by former T. Velmurugan.

This is one of the emerging political parties in Tamil Nadu. The party organizes various struggles for public-related issues.

The party primarily focuses on issues related to Tamil identity, language, and the rights of the Tamil people. Tamizhaga Vazhvurimai Katchi has been vocal about demanding greater autonomy for Tamil Nadu and has expressed concerns about the perceived marginalization of Tamils at the national level.

T. Velmurugan, the founder of Tamizhaga Vazhvurimai Katchi, has been actively involved in Tamil nationalist movements and has led campaigns addressing various socio-political issues affecting the Tamil community. Tamizhaga Vazhvurimai Katchi's political ideology revolves around safeguarding Tamil culture, language, and heritage.

Tamizhaga Vaazhvurimai Katchi is a regional political party based in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Founded by T. Velmurugan, the party has been active in advocating for the rights and welfare of the Tamil people, as well as focusing on issues related to Tamil identity, language, and regional autonomy.

Here are some key aspects and characteristics associated with Tamizhaga Vazhvurimai Katchi:

Tamizhaga Vazhvurimai Katchi was founded by T. Velmurugan, a prominent political figure in Tamil Nadu. Velmurugan has been a vocal advocate for Tamil rights and has been actively involved in Tamil nationalist movements.

Tamizhaga Vazhvurimai Katchi's political ideology revolves around the preservation and promotion of Tamil identity, language, and culture. The party has been known for its demands for greater autonomy for the state of Tamil Nadu and its emphasis on addressing socio-political issues affecting the Tamil community.

The party has been vocal about the need for Tamil Nadu to have more autonomy in decision-making, emphasizing regional concerns and interests. This includes discussions on issues such as resource allocation, economic development, and cultural preservation.

T. Velmurugan and Tamizhaga Vazhvurimai Katchi have engaged in various campaigns and protests to raise awareness about issues affecting Tamils and to advocate for their rights. The party's activism has often centered on socio-political issues and challenges faced by the Tamil community.

Tamizhaga Vazhvurimai Katchi has participated in state-level elections in Tamil Nadu, contesting seats with the aim of representing the interests of the Tamil people and promoting its political agenda.


T. Velmurugan

T. Velmurugan is a Tamil Nadu politician . He is a former Member of the Legislative Assembly of the state. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as a Pattali Makkal Katchi candidate from Panruti constituency in 2001, and 2006 elections. He is often considered to be Tamil Nationalist. He is the founder of the party Tamizhaga Vazurimai Katchi (TVK).

Python (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Python () was a large serpent or dragon. She was said to live at the center of the Earth, believed by the ancient Greeks to be at Delphi. Her mother was Gaia (Mother Earth). She was killed by the god Apollo.

Kathrine Switzer

Kathrine Virginia "Kathy" Switzer (born January 5, 1947, in Amberg, Germany) is an American marathon runner. In 1967, she was the first woman to run in the Boston Marathon as runner #261. During the race, a race official tried to stop her and take her number away. Switzer's boyfriend Thomas Miller pushed the official to the ground. Switzer finished the race.

In 2017, Switzer ran in the Boston marathon again as number 261 on the 50th anniversary of her first run.

Piedmont, California

Piedmont is a small, mostly-residential, semi-suburban city located in Alameda County, California, United States. Piedmont is completely surrounded by the city of Oakland.


Caduceus

The caduceus (; from , "kērykeion") is the staff of the messenger god Hermes in Greek mythology. It is also called the "herald's wand". The caduceus appeared as a golden staff with wings and a pair of serpents wrapped around it.

Eurybia (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Eurybia ( - "[of] wide force") was a daughter of Gaia and Pontus. She was the wife of the Titan Krios. Their children were Astraeus, Perses, and Pallas.

Tajikistan at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Tajikistan sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Two people will be competing in para-Nordic skiing in Tajikistan's first appearance at the Winter Paralympics. They trained in Germany and China before the start of the Games.

Two people will compete at the Winter Paralympics in South Korea. They are both competing in para-Nordic skiing. Georgia, North Korea and Tajikistan are the three countries making their first appearance at Winter Paralympics.

15 National Paralympic Committees and the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation signed a letter expressing support for the National Paralympic Committee of Russia in August 2017. The countries included Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Vietnam, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, China, Laos, Moldova, Mongolia, Serbia, Tajikistan, Montenegro, and South Korea.  They asked the IPC Governing Board to consider letting Russia compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics.  The letter was signed weeks before the IPC Governing Board met in Abu Dhabi. In September 2017, this decision was reviewed and upheld. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) still had concerns about doping in Russian sport. All the conditions the IPC required of the Russians were not met.

Tajikistan had never competed at the Winter Paralympics before 2018. These Games are their Winter Games debut. The country has only compete at four Summer Paralympics. They were the 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016 Games. Tajikistan has three total people compete at these four Games. They never won a medal.
The country did not send any competitors to the 2018 Winter Olympics. They had competed at every Winter Games since 2002. No one competed in qualifying competitions for the Olympics.

Tajikistan has a skier competing in para-Nordic skiing. They trained in Germany and China before the start of the Games.

On 12 March, the 15 km race takes place, with standing and vision impaired women starting at 10:00 PM. Thee sprint classic qualification takes place on 14 March from 10:00 AM - 11:25 AM for both men and women in all classes. It is followed in the afternoon by the semifinals and finals.  The classic race takes place on 17 March. The standing and visually impaired women's race takes place from 10:00 AM - 12:30. 

American Gold Star Mothers

American Gold Star Mothers, Inc. (AGSM), is a private nonprofit organization. It is a group of American mothers who lost sons or daughters in service of the United States Armed Forces. It was formed in 1928 for mothers of those lost in World War I. The organization has a congressional charter under Title 36 § 211 of the United States Code. The name came from the custom of families of servicemen hanging a banner called a service flag in the windows of their homes. The flag had a star for each family member in the Armed Forces. Living members of the military were represented by a blue star. Those who died in combat were represented by a gold star.

Membership in the organization is open to any woman who is a U.S. citizen or legal resident. They must have had a child die in active service in the U.S. military. The place or time of the military service does not matter. The circumstances of death do not matter either.Mothers of those missing in action can be a part of the organization.

Dance Again

"Dance Again" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It features Cuban-American rapper Pitbull. The song was released as the lead single from Lopez' first greatest-hits album, "Dance Again... the Hits", on April 2, 2012. The song was produced by RedOne, who also produced Lopez' and Pitbull's collaboration "On the Floor".

The song has reached the top ten in Austria, Belgium, Spain, Finland, Italy, and Canada and the top twenty in countries like the US, Germany, New Zealand. and the UK.

The music video features Lopez dancing with masked dancers, including her then-boyfriend, Casper Smart. It has reached over 428 million views on YouTube as of February 2018.

Flag of Mongolia

The flag of Mongolia (, state flag of Mongolia) was created in 1992.

It has a vertical bands of red (hoist-side and fly-side) and blue with the Soyombo symbol centered on the hoist-side of the red band.

Flag of Laos

The flag of Laos has three horizontal bands of red, blue, and red. There is a white circle in the center of the flag. The diameter of white circle is four-fifths the height of blue band). This became the flag on December 2, 1975 when Laos became a socialist state.

Brunswick monogrammist

The Brunswick monogrammist was a Renaissance painter, active in the first half of the 16th century. The painter's name is unknown, but he or she was very important for art history. The painter was probably Dutch.

Deaths in March 2018

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in March 2018. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Toko Shinoda

She returned to Japan and continues to work. She turned 100 in March 2013. Shinoda died on March 1, 2021 in Tokyo, aged 107.


Agustinia

Agustinia is a genus of sauropod dinosaur with a type of armour unique to "Agustinia" individuals only. It lived about 116 to 100 million years ago in Argentina. The type species ("Agustinia lugabuei") is named in honour of Dr. Giancarlo Ligabue, the discoverer of "Augustinia". The original generic name was ""Augustia"", which, as it turned out, was already preoccupied by a beetle (see also: "Megapnosaurus", "Protognathosaurus").

Dinosauromorpha

Dinosauromorpha are a clade of archosaurs that includes dinosaurs and other closely related animals. Birds are the only surviving dinosauromorphs.

The name was coined by Michael J. Benton in 1984. The first clade definitions were by Paul Sereno in 1991. He defined the concept as: 

Another term, with somewhat different coverage is Avemetatarsalia.

2023

2023 (MMXXIII) was a common year starting on Sunday in the Gregorian calendar, the 2023rd year of the Anno Domini and the Common Era, the 23rd year of both the 3rd millennium and 21st century. And this is therefore the 3rd year of the 203rd decade.

The year started with the continuation of the Russian invasion of Ukraine which began in early 2022. In January, July and September, Islamist suicide bombers killed a total of over 200 people in Pakistan. In February, an earthquake struck Turkey and Syria, that killed more than 50,000 people, making it one of the . in April, India became the world's most populous country, overtaking China. In September, Storm Daniel killed nearly 7,000 people in Bulgaria, Greece, Libya and Turkey. In September, Azerbaijan which ended the existence of the Republic of Artsakh, causing its Armenian inhabitants to to Armenia. Between October to December, over 23,000 Palestinians and 1,300 Israelis were killed during a war between Israel and Hamas.

Former King of Greece Constantine II, former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf, former Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi, musicians Burt Bacharach, Tina Turner and Tony Bennett and footballer Bobby Charlton died.


























Stanleycaris

Stanleycaris (meaning "crab of Stanley Glacier") is an extinct, monotypic genus of anomalocaridid which existed in Canada, during the middle Cambrian. Its fossils were found in the Burgess Shale in and also informally reported from Mount Odaray.

Putative lobopodian species "Aysheaia prolata" from Utah, United States were reinterpreted as an isolated frontal appendage of a member of the genus "Stanleycaris" by Pates, Daley & Ortega-Hernández (2017).

Altispinax

Altispinax (meaning "with high spines") is an predatory theropod dinosaur that lived near Sussex, England. It lived during the Early Cretaceous, about 137 million years ago. It was closely related to "Becklespinax", another dinosaur from Sussex.

Becklespinax

Becklespinax is a genus of large predatory theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of England. It was found in Sussex, England and lived alongside the related "Altispinax".

Jimmy Hibbert

James Christian Hibbert (born 15 July 1949) is an English screenwriter and voice actor. He is best known for his work for Cosgrove Hall, mainly voicing Dr Von Goosewing, Ruffles, Gaston and many other characters in "Count Duckula", Victor in "Victor & Hugo", Bluey, Harry Slime and Bella in "Avenger Penguins" and Big Ears, Mr Plod, Mr Sparks, Mr Milko, Clockwork Clown, Gobbo and various male characters in "Noddy's Toyland Adventures".

Hibbert studied drama at the University of Manchester. From 1973 until 1983, he was member of the band Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias, performing with them on records and in the play "Sleak" produced at London's Royal Court Theatre in 1977.

His voice acting for animation includes:

2011 World Series

The 2011 World Series is the 107th edition of the World Series, the championship game of Major League Baseball. It was between the St. Louis Cardinals of the National League and the Texas Rangers of the American League. The series lasted seven games and was won by the Cardinals. David Freese was named the World Series MVP.

Flag of Kyrgyzstan

The flag of Kyrgyzstan was created in 1992. The flag has a red background with a yellow sun that consists of 40 flames to represent the 40 tribes. The X shape in the middle is a Yurt.

It has a red field charged with a yellow sun with forty uniformly spaced rays; the sun is crossed by two sets of three lines.

Flag of Nepal

The national flag of Nepal () was created in December 1962. It is the only national flag in the world that doesn't have four sides.

The current flag was adopted on 16 December 1962, along with the formation of a new constitutional government. It borrows from the original, traditional design, used throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, and is a combination of the two individual flags used by rival branches of the ruling dynasty.

It has a combination of two red pennants with the large blue border around the unique shape of two overlapping right triangles: the smaller upper triangle bears the white stylised moon (the rising sun on the horizontal crescent moon) and the larger lower triangle displays the white twelve-pointed sun.

Because of the Nepalese flag's unique shape, its large-scale reproduction is difficult. It is sometimes put on a white area to make the flag a rectangle; an example is the Nepalese flag used at some venues of the 2016 Summer Olympics where the flag design was placed on a cloth with the same shape as other flags at the Olympics, with the rest of the flag left white.

During a visit of the Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Janakpur, a version of the flag with incorrect shape was flown by officials, causing controversy.

Lawrence D. Brown

Lawrence David Brown (16 December 1940 – 21 February 2018) was an American educator and statistic analyzer. Miers Busch Professor and Professor of Statistics at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He was president of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics in 1992-93. He was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2013.

William H. T. Bush

William Henry Trotter "Bucky" Bush, CStJ (July 14, 1938 – February 27, 2018) was an American businessman. He was the youngest son of Prescott Sheldon Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush. He was the youngest brother of former President George H. W. Bush, and the uncle of former President George W. Bush.

Bush was the president of and director of the St. Louis-based Boatmen's Bancshares from 1978 to 1986, Bush was active in various St. Louis civic functions: he was chairman of the Board of Trustees of Saint Louis University from 1985 to 1992, chairman of the Missouri Botanical Gardens from 1991 to 1993 and president of the Municipal Opera Association from 2005 to 2006. He was also a director of Maritz, Inc, and served on the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Missouri board of directors from 1989 to 1994.

Waldo R. Tobler

Waldo Rudolph Tobler (1930 – February 20, 2018) was an American geographer and cartographer. He was born in Portland, Oregon.

Tobler's idea that "Everything is related to everything else, but near things are more related than distant things" is called as the "first law of geography." He has proposed a second law as well: "The phenomenon external to an area of interest affects what goes on inside". 

Tobler was an active Professor Emeritus at the University of California, Santa Barbara Department of Geography until his death.

Tobler died in Santa Barbara, California on February 20, 2018 at the age of 87.

Antonio García-Trevijano

Antonio García-Trevijano Forte (July 18, 1927 – February 28, 2018) was a Spanish political activist, and an author. He was Professor of Commercial Law at the University of Granada and a notary, and worked as an attorney in Madrid from 1960 until his death in 2018. He was born in Granada, Spain.

García-Trevijano was called by the University Press of America as "a leading figure in Spanish politics since the late 1960s and probably one of the most important intellectuals of the 20th century in political and aesthetic theory". 

Ștefan Tașnadi

Ștefan Tașnadi (Hungarian: István Tasnádi, 21 March 1953 – 28 February 2018) was a Romanian heavyweight weightlifter. He won a silver medal at the 1984 Olympics. He was born in Cluj, Romania. Tașnadi took up lifting in 1970 at a sports school and from 1976 to 1984 was a member of the national team. He retired in 1984 to become a weightlifting coach.

Tașnadi died on 28 February 2018 in Cluj Napoca at the age of 65.

Luigi Taveri

Luigi Taveri (19 September 1929 – 1 March 2018) was a Swiss motorcycle road racer. He was born in Horgen, Switzerland. He was three times world champion in the Grand Prix road racing championship, in 1962, 1964, and 1966.

Taveri made his world championship debut in the 1954 season. He participated in the Isle of Man TT on several occasions from 1955 to 1966 with three victories and several second placing amongst his results.

During his career he rode for MV Agusta, and became a works rider for Ducati, MZ, Kreidler and in 1961 for Honda.

Taveri died on 1 March 2018 in Zurich of complications from a stroke at the age of 88.

María Rubio

María Rubio (September 20, 1934 – March 1, 2018) was a Mexican television, movie and stage actress. She worked with Televisa as an actress of telenovelas. She was born in Tijuana, Baja California. She was known for her roles in "¡Vivan los niños!", "Salomé", "Querida enemiga" and in "Una familia con suerte" as Inés De la Borbolla y Ruiz. She retired in 2012.

Rubio died in Mexico City on March 1, 2018 at the age of 83.

Antonio Tajani

Antonio Tajani (born 4 August 1953) is an Italian politician. He served as President of the European Parliament from January 2017 to July 2019. He served as European Commissioner for Industry and Entrepreneurship between 2010 and 2014. Tajani was also European Commissioner for Transport (2008–2010). He is a member of Forza Italia party.

In October 2022, Tajani became the Deputy Prime Minister of Italy.

Tajani studied law at the Sapienza University of Rome. He was first elected to the European Parliament in 1994.

Textile arts

Textile arts are arts and crafts that use plant, animal or synthetic fibres to construct practical or decorative objects.

Textiles have been used since the beginning of civilization. Many methods and materials used to make them, but the functions of textiles have stayed the same. 

The history of textile arts is also the history of international trade. Tyrian purple ("imperial purple") dye was important in the ancient Mediterranean. The Silk Road brought Chinese silk to India, North Africa, and Europe. In many countries, laws controlled who could buy and wear fine textiles. This was because they were a symbol of social class and status.

The Industrial Revolution started a revolution of textiles technology: the cotton gin, the spinning jenny, and the power loom mechanized production. The mechanisation of hand work was opposed by the Luddite rebellion.

Kaori Ishibashi

Kaori Ishibashi (, "Ishibashi Kaori"; born May 6, 1962) is a Japanese confectionary researcher, baking instructor, and author known for her specialty in cheesecakes. She has written 47 baking cookbooks and over 400 cheesecake recipes.

Kaori Ishibashi was born in Chiba Prefecture, Japan. She raised in Nagano Prefecture where she graduated from Suwafutaba High School. She went on to attend Meiji University of Integrative Medicine. She graduated as a practitioner in acupuncture and moxibustion. After graduating, she worked at Tokyo Jiyugaoka Hospital as a chiropractor and practitioner of moxibustion. 

Ishibashi began her confectionary career as a self-taught baker starting off with wholesale business to restaurants and taking request orders for wedding cakes while working as an acupuncturist. Fascinated by the art of baking, she began reading cookbook after cookbook wondering why her finished product never turned out as expected. Unsatisfied with the conventional methods found in the cookbooks she read she decided to learn under confectioner and former house of representatives member Makiko Fujino. After 3 years under the training of Fujino, she received a diploma from Makiko Foods Studio. Thereafter she attended various culinary schools around the world such as Bellouet Conseil in France, the The Culinary Institute of America, Valrhona Chocolate School in France, and received training under various French chefs visiting Japan.

Ishibashi is currently living and working in Nagano, Japan as a confectionary researcher and author. She regularly publishes recipes in various magazines such as “レタスクラブ (retasukurabu), “Ｓａｉｔａ”, “おはよう奥さん” (ohayō okusan), “天然生活” (tennen seikatsu). She is also president of Cake Freak Inc. Ishibashi is currently focusing her efforts on opening her own cheesecake shop in New York City.

Xaver Schlager

Xaver Schlager (born 28 September 1997) is an Austrian footballer who plays as Midfielder for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.
After playing for the youth team of SC St. Valentin he came to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy in 2011, where he played in all teams. In 2015, he was transferred to FC Liefering, the farm team of FC Red Bull Salzburg. In 2016 he signed a contract with FC Red Bull Salzburg. On May 10th 2016 he played his first match in the Austrian Bundesliga versus SV Grödig. He also was captain of the FC Salzburg U19 team which won the 2016/17 UEFA Youth League. On the 26 June 2019, Schlager signed for VfL Wolfsburg.
He played for the Austrian U16, U17, U19 and U21 national team. With Austria U19 he played the UEFA U19 European Championship 2015. In March 2018 he had his first appearance in the National team of Austria.

Pre-ejaculate

Pre-ejaculate (also known as pre-ejaculatory fluid, pre-seminal fluid or Cowper's fluid, and "pre-cum") is a clear, colorless, fluid that comes from a penis when a man feels sexual arousal. Pre-ejaculate functions as a lubricant.


Sahih al-Tirmidhi

Jami at-Tirmizi (), also known as Sunan at-Tirmizi, is one of the Kutub al-Sittah (six major hadith collections). It was collected by At-Tirmidhi. Sunnis regard this collection as fifth in strength of their six major hadith collections.

Shanag

Shanag is a genus of small carnivourus dinosaur. It was a dromaeosaur, a relative of the "Velociraptor". 

"Shanag" was about 1.5 meters with a weight of five kilograms when fully grown.

Vladimir Tsirelson

Vladimir Tsirelson (Kharkiv, USSR; born March 3, 1948) is a Russian scientist known for his works in quantum chemistry, crystal chemistry and chemical bond theory. He is one of the pioneers of Quantum Crystallography. Professor and holds the Quantum Chemistry Department at the D. Mendeleev University of Chemical Technology of Russia. His works are cited more than 3000 times, h-index=28.

Tétouan

Tétouan (, , , ) is a city in northern Morocco.

Tétouan is one of the two major ports of Morocco on the Mediterranean Sea. It lies a few miles south of the Strait of Gibraltar, and about 60 km (40 mi) E.S.E. of Tangier.

380,787 people lived there in the 2014 census.

The medina (old town) of Tetuan is a UNESCO World Heritage site.

Mario Salieri

Mario Salieri (born November 29, 1957) is an Italian pornographic movie director and producer. He was born in Naples, Italy.

Salieri started his adult movie career with semi-amateur movies shot in Amsterdam for the Italian market. Since the early 1990s, he has directed and written many adult erotic titles. He was known for his movies "La Dolce Vita" (2003), "Faust" (2002), "Casino" (2001), "Clinica della vergogna, La" (1995), "Eros e Tanatos" (1995), "Dracula" (1994), "Sceneggiata napoletana" (1994), "Adolescenza perversa" (1993), "Arabika" (1992), "Discesa all'inferno" (1991), "Napoli - Parigi, linea rovente 1" & "2" (1991), "Roma Connection" (1991) and "Roman Orgies - Italian Perversions".

Flag of the Republic of China

The flag of the Republic of China or Taiwan is a red flag with a navy blue canton bearing a white sun with 12 triangular rays. In Chinese, the flag is commonly described as Blue Sky, White Sun, and a Wholly Red Earth(青天白日滿地紅) to reflect its property.

The flag was first used in mainland China as the Navy flag in 1912, and was made the official national flag of the Republic of China (ROC) in 1928 by the Kuomintang (KMT). The flag is no longer used in mainland China after the People's Republic of China was founded in 1949.

Flag of Malaysia

The flag of Malaysia, also known as the Stripes of Glory (), was created in May 1950. The flag has 14 horizontal stripes alternating red and white; in the canton, a yellow crescent and 14-point star on a blue field.

Flag of Uzbekistan

The flag of Uzbekistan was created in 1991.

It has three horizontal bands of blue, white and green, separated by two thin red fimbriations, with a crescent moon which is a Turkic symbol and twelve stars at the canton that represents Allah in the Arabic script.

Flag of Bhutan

The flag of Bhutan was created in 1969.

It has divided diagonally from the lower hoist-side corner to the upper fly-side corner; the upper triangle is yellow and the lower triangle is orange, with a white dragon called the Druk (the Thunder Dragon) holding four jewels ("norbu") in its claws centered along the dividing line and facing away from the hoist.

Flag of Tajikistan

The national flag of Tajikistan (, ) was created in November 1992, replacing the flag of the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic of 1953.

It has three horizontal tricolour of red, white and green; charged with a crown surmounted by an arc of seven stars at the center.

Rosenau, Haut-Rhin

Rosenau is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department.


Bannio Anzino

Bannio Anzino is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont. It is about northeast of Turin and about west of Verbania.

Bannio Anzino is next to these municipalities: Calasca-Castiglione, Carcoforo, Ceppo Morelli, Fobello, Rimella, Vanzone con San Carlo.

24 (2016 movie)

24 is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language Sci-fi thriller movie. It was written and directed by Vikram Kumar. The film is a Time travel fiction movie, in which film's star actor Suriya had played triple roles, alongside with lead actress' Nithya Menen, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Saranya Ponvannan.


Dorne Dibble

Dorne Allen Dibble (April 16, 1929 – March 1, 2018) was a former American football wide receiver for the Detroit Lions in 1951 and again from 1953 to 1957. He studied at Michigan State. He was born in Adrian, Michigan.

Dibble died in Northville, Michigan on March 1, 2018 of pneumonia at the age of 88.

Turtle Bay, Manhattan

Turtle Bay is a neighborhood in the Manhattan Borough of New York state. It is most recognized for constituting the United Nations Headquarters, Chrysler Building, St Bartholomew's Church and the Grand Central Station at its south boundary. Turtle Bay is on the far east side of Midtown Manhattan starting at 5th avenue and onwards, and between E 42nd and E 59th street vertically.

Anatoly Lein

Anatoly Yakovlevich Lein (; March 28, 1931 – March 1, 2018) was a Soviet-born American chess Grandmaster. He was born in Leningrad. 

In 1976 Lein emigrated to the United States, finishing equal first with Leonid Shamkovich in the U.S. Open, and equal first with Bernard Zuckerman in the World Open chess tournament that year. He also played on the U.S. team in the 1978 Chess Olympiad.

In 2005 he was inducted into the World Chess Hall of Fame in Miami.

Lein died on March 1, 2018 in Beachwood, Ohio at the age of 86.

Jesús López Cobos

Jesús López Cobos (25 February 1940 – 2 March 2018) was a Spanish conductor. He was born in Toro, Zamora.

From 1981 to 1990 he was general music director of the Deutsche Oper Berlin and from 1984 to 1988 he was music director of the Orquesta Nacional de España. From 1986 to 2001 he served as music director of the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, and from 1990 to 2000 he was principal conductor of the Orchestre de Chambre de Lausanne. From 2003 to 2010 he served as music director of the Teatro Real in Madrid.

López Cobos died in Berlin, Germany of neuroendocrine cancer on 2 March 2018 at the age of 78.

Brandon Jenkins

Brandon Dean Jenkins (June 7, 1969 – March 2, 2018) was an American singer-songwriter. He was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He was part of the Red Dirt music genre. He was known for his musical tributes to the victims of the September 11 attacks.

Jenkins performed in the Texas and Oklahoma regions. He often played 150 shows per year and worked with Sunny Sweeney, Zane Williams, Cory Morrow, Deana Carter, Pat Green, Willie Nelson, The Mavericks and Kevin Welch.

Jenkins died of complications from heart surgery in Nashville, Tennessee on March 2, 2018 at the age of 48. 

William Desmond Taylor

William Desmond Taylor (born William Cunningham Deane-Tanner; 26 April 1872 – 1 February 1922) was an Irish director and actor. He was a popular person in the growing Hollywood motion picture business of the 1910s and early 1920s. He directed 59 silent movies between 1914 and 1922 and acted in 27 between 1913 and 1915.

Taylor was shot and killed by an unknown suspect on 1 February 1922 at his Los Angeles home. The murder remains an official cold case (unsolved).

Mabel Normand

Mabel Normand (November 9, 1892  – February 23, 1930) was an American silent movie actress, screenwriter, director, producer, and comedian. She was a popular star and collaborator of Mack Sennett in his Keystone Studios. She appeared in 12 successful movies with Charlie Chaplin and 17 with Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle.

Mary Miles Minter

Mary Miles Minter (born Juliet Reilly; April 25, 1902 – August 4, 1984) was an American actress. She appeared in 54 silent era motion pictures from 1912 to 1923.
In 1922, Minter was involved in scandal surrounding the murder of director William Desmond Taylor, for whom she said she was in love with. Minter's reputation was ruined when her mother became a suspect, and she gave up her movie career in 1923.

Minter died of a stroke on August 4, 1984 in Santa Monica, California at the age of 82.

Olive Thomas

Olive Thomas (October 20, 1894 – September 10, 1920) was an American silent movie actress and model. Her first movie, "Madcap Madge", was released in June 1917. Thomas' popularity at movie studios grew with performances in "Indiscreet Corrine" (1917) and "Limousine Life" (1918). Oliva R. Duffy was born on October 20, 1894, in Charleroi, Pennsylvania, the eldest of three children, with two younger brothers. Olive or Ollie, as she was known to family and friends, did not have much of a childhood. Life in industrial Pittsburgh was depressing and grim with its smoky factories and hard living. Olive accidentally ingested bi-chloride of mercury from a French-labeled bottle in a darkened bathroom, believing it to be another medication. Found unconscious, she died five days later. The death made worldwide headlines. Olive was only 25 when she died. She was immediately rushed to a hospital. Blinded and unable to talk due to burned vocal chords, it was hard for her to communicate with the French police, who were investigating the incident. In any case, the police left satisfied the event was an accident. Thomas died a day later, with her husband and brother-in-law Owen Moore at her side. She was 25 years old. Olive's final film, Everybody's Sweetheart (1920), was released after her death. Her name lives on, steeped in her scandal, enhanced by fabrications in Hollywood Babylon. Many of her films still reportedly exist (about 12 complete and some in fragments), though they have not as of yet been released on DVD or home video. On September 10, 1920, Thomas died of acute nephritis in Paris five days after consuming mercury bichloride. Although her death was ruled accidental. Thomas' death has been called as one of the first heavily publicized Hollywood scandals. Only daughter in a family of three. Her brothers were Michael James (born February 1893) and William L. (born May 1898). 


Nephritis

Nephritis is inflammation of the kidneys. It may involve the glomeruli, tubules, or interstitial tissue surrounding the glomeruli and tubules.

Nephritis is often caused by infections, and toxins, but is most commonly caused by autoimmune disorders that affect the major organs like kidneys.

Nephritis can produce glomerular injury, by disturbing the glomerular structure with inflammatory cell proliferation. This can lead to reduced glomerular blood flow, leading to reduced urine output (oliguria) and retention of waste products (uremia). As a result, red blood cells may leak out of damaged glomeruli, causing blood to appear in the urine (hematuria).

Charleroi, Pennsylvania

Charleroi ( ) is a borough in Washington County, Pennsylvania. It lays along the Monongahela River. It is 21 miles south of Pittsburgh. Charleroi was settled in 1890 and incorporated in 1891. The 2020 census recorded a population of 4,234.


Spalding County, Georgia

Spalding County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is just south of Atlanta. The county seat is Griffin. Spalding County has two cities, one town, and many unincorporated areas.

Marc L. Marks

Marc Lincoln Marks (February 12, 1927 – February 28, 2018) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. Marks served as a member of the United States House of Representatives representing Pennsylvania's 24th congressional district from 1977 to 1983.

In 1994, Bill Clinton nominated Marks as Commissioner of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission.

Marks was born in Farrell, Pennsylvania. He studied at University of Alabama and at University of Virginia. Marks died on February 28, 2018 in Chevy Chase, Maryland at the age of 91.


2018 Italian general election

The 2018 Italian general election was held on 4 March 2018. The election was held to elect politicians to the Chamber of Deputies and Senate.

The last election was in 2013. In that election, the social democratic Democratic Party won the most seats.

The populist Five Star Movement won the most votes. Three months after the election, the Five Star Movement formed a coalition with the right-wing Lega Nord. Independent Giuseppe Conte became Prime Minister of Italy on 1 June 2018.


Upper Kohistan District

Upper Kohistan is an administrative district within Hazara Division of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province in Pakistan.

In 2014, the government bifurcated Kohistan District into Upper Kohistan and Lower Kohistan.

Upper Kohistan District is divided into two tehsils:

Albert Mkrtchyan

Albert Mkrtchyan (, February 27, 1937 – February 28, 2018); Armenian movie director, screenwriter, and actor. He was honored with the People's Artist of the Republic of Armenia (2003). He was born in Gyumri, Soviet Union. His best known works are "The Tango of Our Childhood", "Tghamardik" and "The Song of the Old Days".

Mkrtchyan died on February 28, 2018 in Yerevan, Armenia, one day after his 81st birthday.


Lower Kohistan District

Lower Kohistan is an administrative district in Hazara Division, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

In 2014, the provincial government split Kohistan District into Upper Kohistan and Lower Kohistan.

Vanessa Goodwin

Vanessa Goodwin (22 April 1969 – 3 March 2018) was an Australian politician. She was the Liberal Party member for the seat of Pembroke in the Tasmanian Legislative Council from the Pembroke by-election on 1 August 2009 until her resignation due to health reasons on 2 October 2017.

Goodwin died from brain cancer on 3 March 2018 in Hobart, Tasmania, aged 48.

Pattan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa

Pattan is a town in Lower Kohistan District, Pakistan. It is also the capital of the district.

2018 Papua New Guinea earthquake

On 26 February 2018, at 3:44 a.m. (25 February, 17:44 UTC), an earthquake of 7.5 moment magnitude struck in Hela Province, Papua New Guinea. The earthquake's epicenter was west of the town of Komo. The intensity of the earthquake was IX ("Violent") on the Mercalli intensity scale. At least 31 people were killed and a further 300 were injured.

The main shock struck at a depth of 35 km below the northern slopes of Mt. Sisa, and was followed by a 5.5 M aftershock less than 30 minutes later.

A state of emergency was declared on March 1 for the provinces of Hela, Southern Highlands, Enga and Western, together with a promise of 450 million kina (about 136 million US$) to help deal with the aftermath of the quake.


Ross

Ross ("Ros" in Scottish Gaelic) is a region of Scotland and a former earldom and county. The area once belonged to the Norwegian (West Norse) earldom of Orkney. 

Ross-shire () is a historic county in the Scottish Highlands. The county borders Sutherland, Cromartyshire, Inverness-shire and an exclave of Nairnshire. It includes most of Ross as well as Lewis in the Outer Hebrides. 

Dingwall is the traditional county town.

Chakdara

Chakdara (Urdu and ) is a town in Lower Dir District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.

Ota Filip

Ota Filip (9 March 1930 – 2 March 2018) was a Czech novelist and journalist. He has written in both German and Czech.

During the communist era government of Czechoslovakia his works were banned or censored by the authorities, and after the occupation of Czechoslovakia by the Warsaw Pact Armed Forces in 1968, he was sentenced for his dissident activities, and incarcerated between 1969 and 1971.

After he was released from political prison, he moved to Germany in 1974.


Asif Ali Zardari

Asif Ali Zardari (; ) is a Pakistani politician who is the 11th and current President of Pakistan since 2024, and previously from 2008 to 2013 and the former co-chairperson of Pakistan Peoples Party.
He became famous after he married Benazir Bhutto in 1987, daughter of the former prime minister of Pakistan, Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto. His wife became prime minister in 1988. He returned from self-exile from Dubai when his wife was assassinated in 2007. As new co-chairperson he became president after his party won the 2008 general elections. He passed the 18th amendment to constitutionally reduce his powers and allied with the U.S. in the war in Afghanistan.

Zardari was born on 26 July 1955 in Karachi, Sindh.

Li Boguang

Li Boguang (; October 1968 – 26 February 2018) was a Chinese legal scholar and human rights activist. He was the director of the Quimin Research Institute in Beijing. Li supported farmers seeking compensation for confiscated farmland. He was arrested in 2004 following his involvement in the Tangshan protest.

Li died on 26 February 2018 of liver cancer on 26 February 2018 at the age of 49. His death has raised questions as to whether the Chinese government was responsible for his death. His death has been compared to Liu Xiaobo.

Coraopolis, Pennsylvania

Coraopolis is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 5,559 at the 2020 census.

It is a small community located to the west of Pittsburgh, along the Ohio River and to the east of the Pittsburgh International Airport. The American Bridge Company is headquartered in Coraopolis.


Flag of Maldives

The flag of Maldives was created in July 1965.

It has a green rectangle centered on a red field; charged with a white crescent facing the fly-side.

Flag of Cambodia

The national flag of Cambodia (Khmer: "Tung-Cheat", "National flag") was created in 1993.

It has three horizontal bands of blue, red (double width) and blue, with a depiction of Angkor Wat in white centered on the red band.

Flag of Myanmar

The current flag of Myanmar (also known as Burma) was adopted on 21 October 2010 to replace the former flag in use since 1974.

It has a horizontal bands of yellow, green and red; charged with a large white five-pointed star at the centre.

Flag of East Timor

The flag of East Timor () was created in 2002.

It has a red field with the black isosceles triangle based on the hoist-side bearing a white five-pointed star in the center superimposed on the larger yellow triangle, also based on the hoist-side, that extends to the center of the flag.

Flag of Papua New Guinea

The flag of Papua New Guinea was created in 1971.

It has divided diagonally from the upper hoist-side corner to the lower fly-side corner: the upper triangle is red with the soaring raggiana bird-of-paradise and the lower triangle is black with the Southern Cross of four white larger five-pointed stars and the smaller star.

Flag of Tonga

The flag of Tonga was created in 1875.

It has a red field with the white rectangle on the upper hoist-side corner bearing the red Cross in the center.

Glenn Greenwald

Glenn Edward Greenwald (born March 6, 1967) is an American journalist and author, best known for his role in a series of reports published by "The Guardian" newspaper. The first of these reports were published in June 2013. The reports were about the United States and British global surveillance programs. They were based on classified documents disclosed by Edward Snowden. Greenwald and the team he worked with won both a George Polk Award and a Pulitzer Prize for these reports. Greenwald has written several best-selling books, including, "No Place to Hide".

Greenwald's work on the Snowden story was featured in the documentary, "Citizenfour", which won the 2014 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Greenwald appeared on-stage with director Laura Poitras and Snowden's girlfriend, Lindsey Mills, when the Oscar was given. In the 2016 Oliver Stone feature film "Snowden", Greenwald was played by actor Zachary Quinto.

Before the Snowden file disclosures, Greenwald was widely considered one of the most influential opinion columnists in the United States. After working as a constitutional attorney for ten years, he began blogging on national security issues before becoming a "Salon" contributor in 2007 and then moving to "The Guardian" in 2012. He currently writes for and co-edits "The Intercept", which he founded in 2013 with Laura Poitras and Jeremy Scahill.

Jean-Guy Hamelin

Jean-Guy Hamelin (October 8, 1925 – March 1, 2018) was a Canadian Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Saint-Sévérin-de-Proulxville, Quebec.

Hamelin was ordained to the priesthood on June 11, 1949 in Trois-Rivières, Québec and was named first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rouyn-Noranda, Canada on November 29, 1973. He retired on November 30, 2001, succeeded by Dorylas Moreau and named Bishop Emeritus.

Hamelin died on March 1, 2018, aged 92 in Rouyn-Noranda.

Joseph Bagobiri

Joseph Danlami Bagobiri (8 November 1957 – 27 February 2018) was a Nigerian Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1983, Bagobiri served as bishop of Kafanchan from 1995 until his death in 2018.

Bagobiri died on 27 February 2018 at the age of 61.

Luckau

Luckau (Lower Sorbian: "Łuków") is a town in Brandenburg, Germany.

Mittenwalde

Mittenwalde is a town in Brandenburg, Germany.

Hubbard, Ohio

Hubbard is a city in the U.S state of Ohio.

Streetsboro, Ohio

Streetsboro is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Billy Herrington

Billy Herrington (July 14, 1969 – March 3, 2018) was an American pornographic movie actor and bodybuilder. He was born in North Babylon, New York. Herrington was best known for his work in gay pornography. He was bisexual. He was known for his role in "HotMen CoolBoyz" (2000). Occasionally, Herrington performed striptease acts at gay clubs in the United States.

On March 3, 2018, Herrington was killed in a car accident in California at the age of 48.

North Babylon, New York

North Babylon is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) located in Suffolk County, on the south shore of Long Island, in New York, United States. The population was 17,927 at the 2020 census. It is a suburban middle class community located within the Town of Babylon.

Newport, Oregon

Newport is a city in Lincoln County, Oregon, United States. It was made a city in 1882, though the name dates back to the establishment of a post office in 1868. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 10,256.

Kenneth Gärdestad

John Charles Kenneth Gärdestad (9 May 1948 – 3 March 2018) was a Swedish lyricist. He was known for writing lyrics for the songs of his brother, Ted Gärdestad. He was head architect at Kunskapsskolan. He designed several of their schools in Sweden and abroad. 

Gärdestad won Melodifestivalen 1979 as a songwriter for the song "Satellit" performed by his brother the singer. He was born in Sollentuna, Sweden.

Gärdestad died on 3 March 2018, in Stockholm of pneumonia caused by influenza while suffering from skin cancer and lymphoma at the age of 69.

Tommy DeVito (musician)

Tommy DeVito (June 19, 1928 – September 21, 2020) was an American musician. He was best known as a founding member, singer, and lead guitarist of the rock band The Four Seasons.

DeVito died on September 21, 2020 in Las Vegas, Nevada from COVID-19 at the age of 92.

The Four Seasons (band)

The Four Seasons is an American rock and pop band that became internationally successful in the 1960s and 1970s. 

Since 1970, they have also been known at times as Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons. In 1960, the band known as the Four Lovers evolved into the Four Seasons, with Frankie Valli as the lead singer, songwriter Bob Gaudio (formerly of the Royal Teens) on keyboards and tenor vocals, Tommy DeVito on lead guitar and baritone vocals, and Nick Massi on electric bass and bass vocals.

The Four Seasons were one of only two American bands (the other being the Beach Boys) to enjoy major chart success before, during, and after the British Invasion.

Pakistan at the 2018 Winter Paralympics

Pakistan sent people to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. It is the first time Pakistan is competing at the Winter Paralympics. The team has only one person, para-alpine skier Insha Asfar.

It is the first time Pakistan is competing at the Winter Paralympics. The team has only one person, 17 year old female para-alpine skier Insha Asfar.

The first event on the para-alpine program is the downhill. It starts on 10 March, running from 9:30 AM to 1:30 PM. The second event on the program is Super-G. All skiers will race between 9:30 AM and 1:00 PM on 11 March. The super combined takes place on 13 March. The Super-G part of the event is in the morning. The slalom part is in the afternoon. The slalom event gets underway on 14 March and conclude on 15 March. Women and men both race during the same sessions in the morning. The afternoon sessions start with the women doing their second run. Then the men go. The last para-alpine skiing race of the 2018 Games is the giant slalom. It takes place on 17 - 18 March.  Men and women both race at the same time in the morning sessions.  Women race first in the afternoon sessions, with the men racing a half hour after they end.

Arabinda Muduli

Arabinda Muduli (1 September 1961 – 1 March 2018) was an Indian Odia musician and singer-songwriter. Muduli was born in Khanati, Khordha District, Odisha, India. He was the student of Bhikari Bal.
He sang just bhajans and turned down offers to sing commercial movie songs.

Muduli died of cardiac arrest in Bhubaneswar, Odisha on 1 March 2018 at the age of 56.

Muduli was awarded the "Swar Srikshetra", at the lion gate of Jagannath temple, by the Governor of Odisha in 2014. He was also honored with a Certificate of appreciation, Mumbai Odia Mahasangh in 2013.

Tônia Carrero

Maria Antonieta de Farias Portocarrero (August 23, 1922 – March 3, 2018), known professionally as Tônia Carrero, was a Brazilian actress. She was born in Rio de Janeiro. She was known for her movie role in "Tico-Tico no Fubá" and for her television roles in "Água Viva" and in "Louco Amor".

She was awarded with Prêmio Saci.

Carrero died in Rio de Janeiro on March 3, 2018 of post-surgery cardiac arrest at the age of 95.

Davide Astori

Davide Astori (7 January 1987 – 4 March 2018) was an Italian professional footballer. He played as a central defender. He was born in San Giovanni Bianco, Italy.

Astori started his senior career with Milan, spending loan spells with Pizzighettone and Cremonese. In 2008 Cagliari signed him. He played youth football for Pontisola. He made his international debut for Italy in 2011 and represented his country 14 times, scoring one goal.

Astori died in a hotel room in Udine, Italy of a heart attack on 4 March 2018 at the age of 31.




Wolfhart Westendorf

Wolfhart Westendorf (18 September 1924 – 23 February 2018) was a Polish-born German Egyptologist. Westendorf was born in Świebodzin, Poland. He was a co-author of the "Grundriss der Medizin der alten Ägypter", the most well published study of the subject of ancient Egyptian medicine done in any language. He had also published many other books on Egyptology and the ancient Egyptian language.

Westendorf died in Berlin on 23 February 2018 at the age of 93.

Flag of England

The flag of England is a red cross, called the Saint George's Cross, on a white background.

Flag of Kiribati

The flag of Kiribati was created in July 1979.

It has a horizontal bands of red and blue with the gold frigatebird ("Fregata minor", in Gilbertese: "te eitei") flying over a gold rising sun ("otintaai"), with seventeen rays centered on the upper half and three white wavy horizontal stripes on the lower half.

Flag of Fiji

The Flag of Fiji was created on October 1970. The history of Fiij dates back to ancient times. There are many theories of how the Fijian race came into existence. Around 1500 BC, Fiji was settled by Melaneasion sea farers. According to native oral legends Fijians were also descendants of a nomadic tribe from Tanzania.

It has a light Blue Ensign with the coat of arms centered on the outer half of the light blue field.

Flag of Palau

The flag of Palau was created in 1981.

It is a light blue field, it is the large yellow disk shifted slightly to the hoist-side of center.

Michel Camdessus

Michel Camdessus (born 1 May 1933) is a French economist and administrator. He was Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 16 January 1987 to 14 February 2000.

Camdessus is also a member of the Fondation Chirac's board of directors, ever since the foundation was launched in 2008 by former French president Jacques Chirac.


Jacques de Larosière

Jacques de Larosière de Champfeu (born 12 November 1929 in Paris) is a French central banker.

Larosière was Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 17 June 1978 to 15 January 1987, and Governor of the Banque de France from 1987 to 1993. 

Rodrigo Rato

Rodrigo de Rato y Figaredo (born 18 March 1949) is a Spanish politician. He served as Minister of the Economy of Spain from 1996 to 2004. He is a member of the conservative People's Party (PP). He was also First Deputy Prime Minister from 2003 to 2004. He became Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and served from 2004 to 2007.

Rato was arrested on 16 April 2015 for alleged fraud, embezzlement and money laundering. His name appeared in the Panama Papers. On 23 February 2017, Rato was found guilty of embezzlement and sentenced to 4 ½ years' imprisonment.

Pierre-Paul Schweitzer

Pierre-Paul Schweitzer (29 May 1912 – 2 January 1994) was a French lawyer. He was the International Monetary Fund (IMF)'s fourth managing director and chairman of the executive board, serving from 1963 to 1973.

Schweitzer was commissioned as a lieutenant in the French Army after the outbreak of World War II. When France fell in 1940, he joined the French Resistance.

Schweitzer died on 2 January 1994 in Geneva, Switzerland at the age of 81.

Per Jacobsson

Per Jacobsson (5 February 1894 – 5 May 1963) was a Swedish economist. He was managing director of the International Monetary Fund from 21 November 1956 until his death in 1963.
Jacobsson's daughter Moyra, an artist, married Roger Bannister, the British Olympic athlete and medical doctor who was the first person to run the four-minute mile.


Ivar Rooth

Ivar Rooth (2 November 1888 – 27 February 1972) was a Swedish lawyer and economist. He served as Governor of the Swedish National Bank from 1929 to 1948 and as the second Managing Director and Chairman of the Executive Board of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 1951 to 1956. He was also a member of the board of directors of the Bank of International Settlements. 

Rooth died in Sweden on 27 February 1972 at the age of 83.

Camille Gutt

Camille Gutt (born Camille Guttenstein; 14 November 1884 – 7 June 1971) was a Belgian economist, politician, and industrialist. He served as the first Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 6 May 1946 to 5 May 1951. Gutt was responsible for saving the Belgian franc before and after World War II.



Sentiero del Viandante

The Sentiero del Viandante (in English the "Wayfarer's Path") is a footpath in Lombardy. It goes along the eastern side of Lake Como. The path starts near the Church of Saint Martin at Abbadia Lariana in the Province of Lecco and ends at a church called Madonna di Val Pozzo near Piantedo in the Province of Sondrio. The path is about 45 km long.

The path dates from Ancient Roman times. It originally went from Milan to the border with Switzerland. In 1989, the Province of Lecco began to clear and restore the trail. It was given the name "Sentiero del Viandante" in 1992. It is now one of the most popular hiking trails in Northern Italy.


H. Wayne Norman Jr.

H. Wayne Norman Jr. (November 3, 1955 – , 2018) was an American politician. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He was a member of the Maryland Senate, representing District 35 in Harford and Cecil counties serving from 2014 until his death in 2018. Norman was appointed to the Maryland House of Delegates in 2008 until 2014.

Norman died in Annapolis, Maryland between March 2 and March 4, 2018 of a suspected heart attack at the age of 62.

Westmount, Quebec

Westmount is a suburb on the Island of Montreal, in southwestern Quebec, Canada. It is an enclave of the city of Montreal, with a population of 19,931 as of the Canada 2011 Census.

Westmount was home of the Montreal Arena, the third arena in history to be built specifically for hockey. 

The 2016 census found that 51.3% of residents spoke English, and 21.3% spoke French, as their main language.

Donald Knuth

Donald Knuth, born January 10, 1938 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin is an American computer scientist who wrote a set of books called "The Art of Computer Programming".

Flag of Nauru

The flag of Nauru was created in 1968.

It is a blue field with the thin yellow narrow horizontal stripe across in the center and the large white twelve-pointed star on the bottom of the stripe and near the hoist-side.

Heath, Ohio

Heath is a city in Licking County, Ohio, United States. The population was 10,412 at the 2020 census.

Prince Gustaf Adolf, Duke of Västerbotten

Prince Gustaf Adolf (22 April 1906 – 26 January 1947) was a Swedish prince, 2nd in line of succession to the Swedish throne after his father. Born in Stockholm, he was the eldest son of Prince Gustaf Adolf of Sweden and his first wife, Princess Margaret of Connaught. Prince Gustaf Adolf was the father of the current king, Carl XVI Gustaf.

The prince was killed on 26 January 1947 in an airplane crash at Kastrup Airport, Copenhagen, Denmark.

Time in France

France uses Central European Time (CET) (UTC+01:00) during the winter and Central European Summer Time (CEST) (UTC+02:00) in the summer.

French territories observe different time zones:
France observes daylight saving time (DST) starting at 02:00 local time on the last Sunday in March and ends at 03:00 local time on the last Sunday in October. Saint Pierre and Miquelon is the only French territory that uses DST and follows the schedule as Canada and the United States, starting on the second Sunday in March and ending on the first Sunday in November.

Primetime

Primetime (also known as prime time) is a timeslot in the United States on most networks running from 8:00 to 11:00 p.m. Eastern and 7:00 to 10:00 p.m. Central and Mountain. It is the most watched timeslot on television. It is before late night television.

Late night television

Late night television is a timeslot after primetime and before the overnight graveyard slot. It runs from 11:30 p.m. to 2:00 a.m. Eastern Time. In the United States, local news precedes the block. Shows include "The" "Late Show with Stephen Colbert" on CBS, "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" on NBC, and "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" on ABC.

Matteo Salvini

Matteo Salvini (; born 9 March 1973) is an Italian conservative politician. He was the Deputy Prime Minister from 2018 to 2019 and again since 2022. He also was the Minister of the Interior from 1 June 2018 through 5 September 2019. Salvini is also the Federal Secretary of Lega Nord since December 2013 and Us with Salvini since December 2014. He has been a Senator in the Italian Senate since March 2018. He previously served as a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the North-West Italy constituency from 2004 to 2018. Salvini is nicknamed by his supporters "The Captain" ("Il Capitano").

Salvini attended the University of Milan. He served on the Milan City Council from 1993 to 2012. Salvini was first elected to the European Parliament in 2004.

Tomas Aguon Camacho

Tomas Aguon Camacho (September 18, 1933 – March 5, 2018) was a Northern Mariana Islander religious figure. He was the first Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Chalan Kanoa in the Northern Mariana Islands. He served as bishop from 1984 until his retirement in 2010. He was born in Chalan Kanoa, Saipan.

Camacho died in Saipan on March 5, 2018 of sepsis, aged 84.

James Ivory

James Francis Ivory (born June 7, 1928) is an American movie director, producer, and screenwriter.

For his work on "Call Me by Your Name" (2017), Ivory won awards from the Academy Awards, British Academy of Film and Television Arts, Writers Guild of America, the Critics' Choice Awards and the Scripter Awards, among others. 

For winning the Oscar and BAFTA, Ivory became the oldest-ever winner in any category for both award shows.


Jacqueline Vaudecrane

Jacqueline Vaudecrane (22 November 1913 – 27 February 2018) was a French figure skater. She was born in Paris. She finished first at the French Figure Skating Championships in 1937 and 1938. Vaudecrane became a successful coach.

Vaudecrane died in Paris on 27 February 2018 at the age of 104.


Luigi Di Maio

Luigi Di Maio (; born 6 July 1986) is an Italian politician. He served as Vice President of the Chamber of Deputies. He was also the leader of the Five Star Movement, the anti-establishment party founded by Beppe Grillo between 2017 and 2020. He ran for Prime Minister of Italy in the 2018 general election.

In September 2017, Di Maio was elected the Prime Minister candidate and Political Head of the M5S, with more than 82% of votes.

Between 1 June 2018 to 5 September 2019, he was the Deputy Prime Minister of Italy.

On 5 September 2019, Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte appointed him to be Minister of Foreign Affairs.

Timoleón Jiménez

Rodrigo Londoño Echeverri (born January 22, 1959 in Calarcá, Quindío), most known under the "nom de guerre" Timoleón Jiménez and the nickname Timochenko or Timochenco, is a Colombian guerrilla leader and politician. He is the former leader of the rebel group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. 

Jiménez took over the FARC leadership in November 2011 from Alfonso Cano after the leader was killed by the Colombian army.

In 2017, he was hospitalized for a blood clot in the brain. On March 1, 2018, he suffered a heart attack and underwent heart surgery.


Uttara Kannada

Uttara Kannada (also known as North Canara) is a district in the Indian state of Karnataka.

IRZ-Stiftung

The German Foundation for International Legal Cooperation (Deutsche Stiftung für Internationale Rechtliche Zusammenarbeit e.V. or IRZ) was set up in 1992 on the initiative of the German Federal Minister of Justice, Dr. Klaus Kinkel, as a registered non-profit association. Its headquarters are in Bonn, with an additional office in Berlin.

The IRZ works with institutions involved in legal and judicial reform in almost 30 partner states. This cooperation covers the states of Eastern and Southeast Europe, the MENA region and the South Caucasus, central Asia and Vietnam.

Within the framework of providing advice on legislation, the IRZ organises expert discussions, helps with the development of draft legislation and promotes the continued training and education of law professionals from all kinds of disciplines. To this end, seminars, workshops and conferences are organised in the relevant partner states. The main focus here is on national legal reforms and German and European law. Working visits, work placements and job shadowing are also made available in Germany for training and education purposes, allowing a direct, practice-oriented exchange of experiences with German experts. The IRZ also does everything it can to support law students by working with universities, providing supplementary studies, seminars and lectures. 

The IRZ is supported and assisted by its members and the board of trustees. These include personalities from the worlds of politics, business, management, academia and legal associations and companies. The IRZ can also rely on support from numerous other experienced experts from a wide variety of specialist areas of the law. This means that the IRZ can guarantee specialist expert advice and non-bureaucratic, fast, flexible and coordinated support over the long term for its partner states.

Together with its partners, the IRZ develops and consolidates:

The IRZ is commissioned by the German Federal Government and is therefore primarily financed by the budget of the German Federal Ministry of Justice and Consumer Protection and by project funding from the German Federal Foreign Office. The IRZ also carries out projects as part of the European Union Neighbourhood Policy and Enlargement Negotiations.


Hans Lippershey

Hans Lippershey (1570 – buried 29 September 1619), was a German-Dutch spectacle-maker. He is known as the first person to build a telescope, although this is not clear who built the telescope. 
English speakers spell "Lippershey." German and Dutch speakers spell "Lipperhey."

Sunan Abu Dawood

Sunan Abu Dawood () is one of the Kutub al-Sittah (six major hadith collections). It was collected by Abu Dawood. Sunnis regard this collection as fourth in strength of their six major hadith collections.

Abu Dawud collected 500,000 hadith, but included only 4,800 in this collection. It took Abu Dawood 20 years to collect the hadiths.

Flag of the Solomon Islands

The flag of the Solomon Islands was created in 1977.

It is a thin yellow narrow diagonal stripe divided diagonally from the lower hoist-side corner to the upper fly-side corner: the upper triangle is blue with five white five-pointed stars arranged in an "X" pattern and the lower triangle is green.

Flag of the Federated States of Micronesia

The flag of the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM) was created in 30 November 1978. The blue field represents the Pacific Ocean, while the four stars represent the states in the federation: Chuuk, Pohnpei, Kosrae and Yap.

It has a light blue field with four white five-pointed stars arranged in the diamond pattern in the center.

Flag of Tuvalu

The current flag of Tuvalu was instated when the country became independent in 1978, after the separation from the Gilbert Islands in 1976. It was adopted on 11 April 1997.

It has a light Blue Ensign with the Map of the Island of nine yellow five-pointed stars on the outer half of the flag.

Flag of Vanuatu

The flag of Vanuatu was created in 1980.

It has a horizontal bands of red and green with the black isosceles triangle based on the hoist-side bearing the golden boar's tusk encircling two crossed namele fern fronds in the center and the golden pall, a thin yellow narrow horizontal stripe that splits in the shape of the horizontal "Y", centered over the partition lines and was fimbriated in black against the red and the green bands while the two points of the "Y" faces on each corner and encloses the triangle on the hoist-side.

Flag of Samoa

The flag of Samoa is a red field with the blue rectangle on the upper hoist-side quadrant bearing the Southern Cross of four white larger five-pointed stars and the smaller star in the center.

Sir William McAlpine, 6th Baronet

Sir William Hepburn McAlpine, 6th Baronet (12 January 1936 – 4 March 2018) was a British businessman. He was director of the construction company Sir Robert McAlpine. British Rail Class 60 60008 of EWS was named in his honour. McAlpine became involved in a plan to save the Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway and became its chairman.

McAlpine died on 4 March 2018 at the age of 81.


Trevor Baylis

Trevor Graham Baylis (13 May 1937 – 5 March 2018) was an English inventor. He was best known for the wind-up radio. He invented it in response to the need to communicate information about AIDS to the people of Africa.

Baylis was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 1997 Birthday Honours and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2015 New Year Honours.

In March 2010, Baylis stated that he was sexually abused at age 5 by a Church of England curate.

Baylis died on 5 March 2018 in London of natural causes at the age of 80.

Trumbull County, Ohio

Trumbull County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. 201,977 people lived there in the 2020 census. The county seat is Warren, which developed industry along the Mahoning River.

Trumbull County is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Kjerstin Dellert

Kjerstin Dellert (4 November 1925 – 5 March 2018) was a Swedish opera singer and theater manager. Dellert made her opera debut at Stora teatern (the old Gothenburg Opera stage) in Gothenburg in the 1950s. 

Dellert was the Director of the Ulriksdal Palace Theatre Confidencen. Since the mid-1990s she has been retired from the stage, officially retired from the Swedish Royal Opera since 1979.

Dellert died on 5 March 2018 in Stockholm of respiratory failure, aged 92.

Huron, Ohio

Huron is a city in Erie County, Ohio, United States. 6,922 people lived there in the 2020 census. It is part of the Sandusky, Ohio Metropolitan Statistical Area. Huron Township surrounds the City of Huron.

Uri Lubrani

Uriel "Uri" Lubrani (October 7, 1926 – March 5, 2018) was an Israeli diplomat and military official. In 1964, he joined the diplomatic corps of the Foreign Ministry. He was appointed ambassador to Uganda and non-resident ambassador to Burundi and Rwanda, serving until 1967. From 1967 to 1971, he was ambassador to Ethiopia.

From 1973 to 1978, he was head of the Israeli diplomatic mission in Iran, with the rank of ambassador.

Lubrani died on March 5, 2018 from natural causes in Tel Aviv at the age of 91.

Tate Reeves

Jonathon Tate Reeves (born June 5, 1974), known as Tate Reeves, is an American Republican politician. Reeves is the 65th Governor of Mississippi since January 2020. He served as the 32nd 32nd Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi from 2012 to 2020.

Reeves was earlier elected as Mississippi’s 33rd state treasurer on November 4, 2003 and re-elected to a second term in 2007. He is the first Republican to have been state treasurer in Mississippi history.

After Senator Thad Cochran resigned in March 2018, news spread that Governor Phil Bryant would make Reeves Cochran's replacement. Cindy Hyde-Smith was selected as Cochran's replacement on March 21, 2018.

He was a candidate for Governor of Mississippi in the 2019 election. He beat Jim Hood in the general election, winning 52% of the vote.

Zuchon

Zuchon or Shichon is a hybrid breed dog or a designer dog. They are a cross between Bichon Frisé and Shih Tzu. Sometimes called the 'Teddy Bear' dog, Zuchons are not yet recognized as a breed by the America Kennel Club (AKC). 
The Zuchon is a small designer dog with a height around 12 inches. They weigh 12 to 14 pounds. Because they are a hybrid dog from two purebreds, they are known to have hybrid vigor (extra strength and health). When these dogs are first generation, they could possibly have better health than purebred dogs.

Because their fur is very low in allergens, people are usually not allergic to Zuchons which makes them a suitable choice for homes with allergy problems. They tend to be well-behaved and are highly intelligent which makes them a trainable breed. 

Zuchons love to spend time with their master and therefore it is not uncommon for them to suffer from separation anxiety which can be troublesome when they are left alone. They are better behaved and less stressed when they are kept company. 

André S. Labarthe

André S. Labarthe (18 December 1931 – 5 March 2018) was a French actor, movie producer and director. He starred alongside Anna Karina in the 1962 movie "Vivre sa vie" (1962). He was born in Oloron-Sainte-Marie, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. He appeared in many movies directed by Jean-Luc Godard.

Labarthe was the director of many television documentaries and was known for his work "Cinéastes de notre temps". He also starred in "L'amour fou" (1969), "Les Enfants jouent à la Russie" (1993) and in "JLG/JLG – Self-Portrait in December" (1995).

Labarthe died in Paris on 5 March 2018 at the age of 86.

Alain Tanner

Alain Tanner (6 December 1929 – 11 September 2022) was a Swiss movie director. His first feature movie, was "Charles, Dead or Alive" (1969). His next two movies, "La Salamandre" (1971) and "Jonah Who Will Be 25 in the Year 2000" (1976) were well received.

Tanner died on 11 September 2022 at the age of 92.

Mike Espy

Alphonso Michael Espy (born November 30, 1953) is an American politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

From 1987 to 1993, he served in the U.S. House of Representatives from Mississippi. From 1993 to 1994 he was nominated to be the United States Secretary of Agriculture by President Bill Clinton. He was both the first African American and first person from the Deep South in that position. 

Espy was indicted in 1997 for receiving improper gifts, but acquitted of all 30 charges in 1998. 

On March 5, 2018, Epsy announced his candidacy for Thad Cochran's U.S. Senate seat in the wake of Cochran's retirement. On November 6, 2018, Espy and Republican Cindy Hyde-Smith advanced to a run-off election where he lost to Hyde-Smith. 

On November 30, 2018, Epsy filed to run again Hyde-Smith again for the 2020 election. He won the Democratic nomination again in March 2020. He lost the election again to Hyde-Smith in November 2020.


Edward M. Abroms

Edward Michael Abroms (May 6, 1935 – February 13, 2018) was an American movie and television editor. He was nominated at the 56th Academy Awards for his work on the movie "Blue Thunder". He also received a Primetime Emmy Award for editing the "Columbo NBC Mystery Movie" in 1972. He also directed for the 1978-1979 NBC television series "The Eddie Capra Mysteries". He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Abroms died on February 13, 2018 of heart failure in Los Angeles at the age of 82.

Bette Henritze

Bette Joan Henritze (May 23, 1924 – February 22, 2018) was an American actress. She was born in Betsy Layne, Kentucky. She played supporting roles in movies like "The World According to Garp", "The Hospital", "Far From Heaven", and "Judy Berlin". She was most known for her work in Off-Broadway theatre. In 1967 she received the Obie Award.

Henritze died in Lynbrook, New York on February 22, 2018 at the age of 93.


Betsy Layne, Kentucky

Betsy Layne is a census-designated place (CDP) and coal town in Floyd County, Kentucky, United States. It was established in 1875 along the Levisa Fork. Its ZIP code is 41605. The 2020 census reported the population to be 651.

Giorgia Meloni

Giorgia Meloni (born 15 January 1977) is an Italian politician and journalist who is the Prime Minister of Italy since 2022. She has also been the president of Fratelli d’Italia since 2014.

Meloni was Minister of Youth from 2008 to 2011. Member of the Chamber of Deputies since 2006. In 2019 she became a singer, her first single is “Io sono Giorgia (Genitore 1, Genitore 2)”. 

In a record-low voter turnout election, exit polls projected that the centre-right coalition would win a majority of seats in the 2022 Italian general election. Meloni was crowned the winner of the election with her party, FdI, receiving a plurality of seats, and per agreement with the centre-right coalition, the largest party in the coalition would nominate the next prime minister which made her the frontrunner.

On 21 October 2022, President Sergio Mattarella designated her as the next Prime Minister of Italy, making her the first woman to hold this office.

Moorhead, Mississippi

Moorhead is a city in Sunflower County, Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 1,937.

Moorhead is along U.S. Route 82, east of Indianola. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all land.

Halina Rubinsztein-Dunlop

Halina Rubinsztein-Dunlop FAA is a physicist and academic at the University of Queensland. She has led pioneering work in atom optics, laser micromanipulation, laser physics, linear and nonlinear high resolution spectroscopy, and nano-optics.

Halina Rubinsztein (later Rubinsztein-Dunlop) was born in Poland. She emigrated to Sweden and took her B.Sc. and PhD degree from the University of Gothenburg.

Rubinsztein-Dunlop moved to Australia in 1989, after her marriage to engineer Gordon Dunlop. She joined the staff of the Department of Physics at the University of Queensland. Rubinsztein-Dunlop established a research team that conducted research in laser physics. In 1995, she and a colleague established a Science in Action program, that was used to outreach educational programs for schools relating to the physical sciences.

Rubinsztein-Dunlop was appointed Professor of physics in 2000. She became Head of the University of Queensland Department of Physics, and later School of Mathematics and Physics from 2006-2013. She is Director of Quantum Science Laboratory and Manager of one of the scientific programs of the Australian Research Council Centre of Excellence for Engineered Quantum Systems. She initiated experimental programs in laser micromanipulation and atom optics at the University of Queensland. Her team was successful in demonstrating dynamical tunnelling in the Bose Einstein Condensate (BEC) Laboratory in a modulated standing wave. Rubinzstein-Dunlop's team has observed dynamical tunnelling in quantum chaotic systems.

Rubinsztein-Dunlop was made a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science in 2016.

Rubinsztein-Dunlop was awarded with an Order of Australia (AO) in the 2018 Queen’s Birthday Honours List for "distinguished service to laser physics and nano-optics as a researcher, mentor and academic, to the promotion of educational programs, and to women in science".

Rubinsztein-Dunlop has published over 200 works in journals and books. She has also featured on radio and television.



False titles of nobility

False titles of nobility are titles of nobility which are fake. They have been invented or taken by a person or family. They are not recognised by the present or past government of the country. 

There are a number of schemes that pretend to confer or sell such titles. They have flourished by use of the internet. 

In monarchies, genuine titles do exist. But they may no longer be recognised by a successor state (such as a republic). Such is the case with French titles, for example. Formerly noble families often still use their old titles, and this is generally acceptable in that society. The title is borne or claimed by a hereditary heir. That is different from an invented or falsely-attributed noble title which is claimed without any historic basis.

Self-assumption of a title is not necessarily illegal. It depends on the law in the particular country. The bearers of some self-assumed titles do not claim that the titles have been recognized by any nation at any time. 

Some individuals, associations or companies pretend to give a legal or official right to a title, to an individual or family. Naturally, this requires a remittance or donation, and hence the transaction may be illegal. Also, pretending to be a titled person with intent to deceive also may be an offence.

War Horse (novel)

War horse is a book originally written by Michael Morpurgo. The book has become very popular around the world. The book is about a horse who finds a new home with a loving caring family and is sent to war to become a war horse.

Epic TV

Epic TV is an Indian television channel. It airs both fiction and non-fiction programs in many different genres. These include action, drama, comedy and narrative. Its programming is focused on Indian history, folklore and mythology. Epic TV began broadcasting on 19 November 2014. it airs programs in Hindi. Some of its programs have been added to Netflix. These programs include Raja Rasoi Aur Anya Kahaniyaan,Kahi Suni,Dharmakshetra and Sanrachana. They have been popular with the Indian people living outsde of India. 

2017–2018 North Korea crisis

In 2017, a crisis began when North Korea threatened the United States with a nuclear weapon. They began testing missiles, which proved that North Korea could attack the United States with a missile.

North Korea also threatened Australia with a nuclear weapon, saying that they were following the United States for no reason.

By 2018, the crisis had slowed down after North Korea went into talks with South Korea. They also agreed to take part in the 2018 Winter Olympics under one team for both Koreas. North Korea then began to stop doing nuclear tests. In September 2018, a summit between Kim Jong-un and Donald Trump happened in Singapore. North Korea agreed to stop making nuclear weapons.

Two other summits happened in 2019, but these did not go well and broke down.


Ultraman (manga)

Ultraman (stylized as ULTRAMAN) is a manga written by Eiichi Shimizu and drawn by Tomohiro Shimoguchi of "Linebarrels of Iron" fame. Published in "Monthly Hero's" since the magazine's inaugural issue, it is a manga sequel of the 1966 "Ultraman" television series. The series has been collected in 10 volumes as of July 2017. A 3DCG anime adaptation co-produced by Production I.G and Sola Digital Arts is scheduled for release in 2019. 


Ultra

Ultra was the name given by British military intelligence for the attack on German military codes in World War II. It included the Enigma machine and, later, the Japanese Purple machine.

The work on Enigma started before the war, when Polish cryptographers smuggled out an Enigma machine to England. The codename 'Ultra', however, was only given to the work in 1941.

Work on understanding the Enigma, and on breaking German military signals, was of vital importance in the Battle of the Atlantic, the greatest threat to Britain during the war. The key event occurred in 1941, when not just a machine, but also a codebook, was got from a German submarine.

Wartime signals intelligence (SIGINT) were got as follows. First of all, encrypted German radio messages in Morse code were recorded in Britain. Their place of origin was got by recording the messages at two different receiving places. The attack on the codes was done at the Government Code and Cypher School (GC&CS) at Bletchley Park.

Ultra became the standard term among the western Allies for all such intelligence. The name arose because the intelligence got was thought more important than the highest British security classification ("Most Secret").

Eleusinian Mysteries

The Eleusinian Mysteries () were a series of initiations held every year in honor of the Greek goddesses Demeter and Persephone. They were held at or near the city of Eleusis. They are the "most famous of the secret religious rites of Ancient Greece". Some think the power of the Eleusinian Mysteries came from drinking a psychedelic potion called "kykeon". 

The mysteries were about the myth of the abduction of Persephone from her mother Demeter by Hades, the god of the underworld. This myth had a cycle of three phases: the "descent" (loss), the "search", and the "ascent". The main theme was the "ascent" (άνοδος) of Persephone to the mortal realm and her reunion with her mother. 

Those who took part in these mysteries were sworn to secrecy. Initiates were promised a reward in the afterlife. It was a major festival of the Hellenic era, and later spread to Rome. Similar religious rites appear in the agricultural societies of the Near East and in Minoan Crete. 

Shammi

Shammi (24 April 1929 – 6 March 2018), born Nargis Rabadi, was an Indian movie actress. She appeared in over 200 Hindi movies. Shammi was born in Bombay, India.

Her famous movies as supporting actress included "Dil Apna Aur Preet Parai", "Half Ticket", "Halaku", "Samaj Ko Badal Dalo", "Khuda Gawah", "Coolie No. 1", "Gopi Kishan" and "Hum Saath Saath Hain" and movies with Rajesh Khanna like "The Train", "Aanchal", "Kudrat", "Red Rose", "Awara Baap" and "Swarg".

Shammi died in her sleep on the March 6, 2018, from natural causes at the age of 88.

Putnisite

Putnisite is a mineral composed of strontium, calcium, chromium, sulfur, carbon, oxygen and hydrogen. 

It was discovered on the Polar Bear Peninsula in Shire of Dundas, Western Australia in 2007 during mining activity. The mineral was named after mineralogists Andrew and Christine Putnis.

Tallis Obed Moses

Tallis Obed Moses (born 24 October 1954) is a ni-Vanuatu pastor who has been President of Vanuatu from 6 July 2017 to 23 July 2022.

Moses was originally from Port Vato, West Ambrym. He attended Primary School from 1964 to 1967. He later worked for the Teaching Service as a teacher in various schools, before attending the Tangoa Presbyterian Bible Institute in South Santo in 1978. He studied at the Sydney Missionary and Bible College in Australia from 1980 to 1981 and graduated with Diploma in Divinity and Mission. He later studied at Talua Ministry Training Centre between 1985 and 1986, graduating with a Diploma in Theology. He went back to Australia in 1989 and studied at the Alan Walker College of Evangelism, where he graduated in 1989 with Certificate of Merit.

Charles VIII of France

Charles VIII of France (June 30, 1470 – April 7, 1498) was the King of France and Charlotte of Savoy. He was the son of Louis XI. He was born on June 30, 1470 in the Chateau d'Amboise, France.

Charles became King when aged 13. Because Charles was a minor, his older sister Anne acted as his regent, until he was 21-years-old. 

In 1488, Anne, Duchess of Brittany was chosen to be Charles's wife. Anne, who was a wealthy, independent ruler had already agreed to marry Maximillian, the heir to the Austrian throne. To prevent the marriage, France invaded Brittany, and forced Anne to change her mind. Charles and Anne were married in December 1491.

As a king he was both militarily successful and diplomatically clever, and between 1494 and 1498 he completed an invasion of Italy without much opposition. 

Although the young king was active and healthy, his children with Anne were not, and all died in infancy. So, when Charles died in an accident in April 1498, his cousin Louis succeeded him as Louis XII.

Earwax

Earwax is a sticky yellow or grey substance like wax produced by the ears. The earwax sticks to dust that gets in the ears to keep them clean. It also protects the skin of ear and protects ear from insects, water, fungi and bacteria. Some people try to remove earwax, which may damage the eardrum. The movement of jaws helps to clean the earwax naturally.

List of programs broadcast by Epic TV

The following list is a programming originally broadcast on Epic TV, a television channel in India.



Bellerophon

Bellerophon (; gen. Βελλεροφόντης) is a hero of Greek mythology. The son of Poseidon and the mortal woman Eurynome (wife of King Glaucus of Corinth), he was "the greatest hero and slayer of monsters, alongside Cadmus and Perseus, before the days of Heracles". Bellerophon was famed for having tamed the flying Pegasus, who aided him in his greatest feat - killing the Chimera, a monster with a lion's head, the body of a goat, and a serpent's tail.

Jacaranda mimosifolia

Jacaranda mimosifolia is a sub-tropical tree native to Asia that has been widely planted elsewhere because of its beautiful and long-lasting blue flowers. It is also known as jacaranda, blue jacaranda, black poui, or as the fern tree. Older sources call it Jacaranda acutifolia, but it is nowadays more usually classified as Jacaranda mimosifolia. In scientific usage, the name "jacaranda" refers to the genus Jacaranda, which has many other members, but in horticultural and everyday usage, it nearly always means the blue jacaranda.

Kashmir stag

The Kashmir stag ("Cervus canadensis hanglu"), also called hangul, is a subspecies of elk native to India. It is found in dense riverine forests in the high valleys and mountains of the Kashmir Valley and northern Chamba District in Himachal Pradesh. In Kashmir, it's found in the Dachigam National Park where it receives protection but elsewhere it is more at risk.

Abu Dawud

Abu Dawud, was a Persian scholar of hadith. He was born in Sistan, eastern Iran (then Persia) and died in 889 in Basra. He collected Sunan Abu Dawud, one of the Kutub al-Sittah (six major hadith collections). Imam Abu Dawud was a follower of Hanbali while some consider him Shafi. He wrote some 21 books in total. His major works include:

Cornbread Harris

James Samuel "Cornbread" Harris, Jr. (born April 23, 1927) is an American musician. He is a singer and pianist who performs in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was a performer on Minnesota's first rock 'n' roll record, and is the father of record producer James Samuel "Jimmy Jam" Harris III.

When his father, James Samuel Harris Sr. was shot while gambling and his mother died of grieving, Harris was orphaned at age 3. He lived with foster families until he was 11 or 12 when he and his sister went to live with his grandparents in Saint Paul, Minnesota. He has been married four times. One of his daughters died. He is the father of Jimmy Jam (James Harris III) who produced records for Janet Jackson, Mariah Carey and Usher.

Country music was an early influence, and Hank Williams and Gene Autry are among his early favorites.

Harris helped invent Augie Garcia's "Hi Yo Silver," a 1955 song that was Minnesota's first rock 'n' roll recording. He performed on the record, which he called a one-hit wonder (although Garcia is remembered as the godfather of Minnesota rock 'n' roll).

Harris was in the U.S. military and later worked for about 25 years for American Hoist & Derrick.

His repertoire includes blues and jazz and in his eighties, Harris still plays Minneapolis nightclubs including the Loring Pasta Bar in Dinkytown, Clubhouse Jäger in the North Loop and Palmer's and the Nomad World Pub on the West Bank.

Harris is a mentor to Cadillac Kolstad and "City Pages" calls them the "must-see dueling-piano act in town".


Public works administration

Public Works Administration (PWA), part of the New Deal of 1933, was a large-scale public works construction agency in the United States headed by Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes, it aimed at long-range recovery by spending over $4 billion on some 34,000 projects that included public buildings, highways, and parkways (i.e. the Grand Coulee Dam of the Columbia River).

Lin Hu (air force general)

Lin Hu (; 26 December 1927 – 3 March 2018) was a Chinese aviator, fighter pilot and lieutenant general of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF).

Lin joined the Eighth Route Army to fight in the Second Sino-Japanese War before he turned 11. 

After the Second World War, he was trained as a fighter pilot and fought in the Korean War and the Second Taiwan Strait Crisis. He served as deputy commander of the PLA Air Force from 1985 to 1994 and attained the rank of lieutenant general in 1988.

Lin died on 3 March 2018 in Beijing at the age of 90.

John Hall Buchanan Jr.

John Hall Buchanan Jr. (March 19, 1928 – March 5, 2018) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was born in Paris, Tennessee. He served in the United States House of Representatives from Alabama's 6th congressional district from 1965 through 1981.

Buchanan Jr. died of complications from dementia in Bethesda, Maryland on March 5, 2018 at the age of 89.

Paul Magriel

Paul David Magriel Jr. "(pronounced Ma-grill)" (July 1, 1946 – March 5, 2018) was an American professional backgammon player, poker player, and author. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He participated in the World Poker Tour placing second place and in the World Series of Poker placing eighth. 

Magriel was a mathematics professor at the Newark College of Engineering (now New Jersey Institute of Technology) between 1969 and 1973.

Magriel died in Las Vegas, Nevada on March 5, 2018 of a suspected heart attack at the age of 71.

Jam Saqi

Jam Saqi (Sindhi: ڄام ساقي) (October 31, 1944 – March 5, 2018) was an Pakistani left-wing politician. He was general secretary of the Communist Party of Pakistan. Saqi was in jail for more than 15 years because of his political activities.

Saqi died in Hyderabad of kidney failure on March 5, 2018, at the age of 73.

Hayden White

Hayden White (July 12, 1928 – March 5, 2018) was an American historian in the tradition of literary criticism. He was most famous for his work "" (1973/2014). He ended his career as University Professor Emeritus at the history of consciousness department of the University of California, Santa Cruz.


Paul Bùi Văn Đọc

Archbishop Paul Bùi Văn Đọc (11 November 1944 – 6 March 2018) was a Vietnamese prelate of the Catholic Church. He served as the Archbishop of Ho Chi Minh City from 2014 to 2018 and the President of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Vietnam from 2013 to 2016.

He died of a stroke in Rome on 6 March 2018 at the age of 73.


Peter Nicholls (writer)

Peter Nicholls (8 March 1939 – 6 March 2018) was an Australian literary scholar and critic. He was the creator and a co-editor of "The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction" with John Clute.


Sony Entertainment Television

Sony ENTERTAINMENT TELEVSION HD India is an Indian Hindi Language television channel from India. It was based general Entertainment. The was broadcast show's like, Aadalat, C.I.D, Bhoot Aaya, Maharana Pratap, Kya Hua Tera Vaada, Behyad, The Kapil Sharma Show, Hasil And Prithvi Vallabh - Itihaas Bhi, Rahasya Bhi.
The channel was launched on 8 November 1995, the Indian television channel was owned by Sony Pictures Networks

Primary progressive aphasia

Primary progressive aphasia (PPA) is a type of neurological syndrome and rare type of dementia in which language capabilities slowly and progressively get worse. 

The symptoms of PPA depend on what parts of the left cerebral hemisphere are damaged.

Neurological disorder

A neurological disorder is any disorder of the nervous system. Structural, biochemical or electrical abnormalities in the brain, spinal cord or other nerves can result in a range of symptoms. 

Examples of symptoms include paralysis, muscle weakness, poor coordination, loss of sensation, seizures, confusion, pain and altered levels of consciousness. Many neurological conditions cannot be cured. Some can be prevented

Conditions such as stroke, dementia and migraine are the biggest global cause of ill-health. 3.4 billion people suffered a nervous system condition in 2021. The number of disability-adjusted life years due to neurological problems from 375 million in 1990 to 443 million in 2021. That is because the population has increased and people are living longer. The problems are much worse in poorer countries. 

The 10 most damaging neurological conditions in millions of Disability adjusted life years (2021)




Woody Durham

Woody Lombardi Durham (August 8, 1941 – March 7, 2018) was an American play-by-play radio announcer. He announced for the North Carolina Tar Heels football and men’s basketball programs from 1971 to 2011. He was born in Mebane, North Carolina.

Durham died on March 7, 2018 from complications from primary progressive aphasia in Chapel Hill, North Carolina at the age of 76.

Helmut Maucher

Helmut Oswald Maucher (9 December 1927 – 5 March 2018) was a German businessman. He served as the CEO of Nestlé from June 1990 to June 1997. He was born in Eisenharz (Allgäu), Germany.

Maucher died in Berlin on 5 March 2018 at the age of 90.

Mebane, North Carolina

Mebane is a city located mostly in Alamance County, North Carolina, United States, and partly in Orange County, North Carolina. The town was named for Alexander Mebane, an American Revolutionary War general and member of the U.S. Congress. 

It was made as "Mebanesville" in 1881, and in 1883 the name was changed to "Mebane". It was named as a city in 1987. The population as of the 2020 census was 17,797.

Raymond Specht

Raymond Louis Specht (July 19, 1924 – February 13, 2021) was an Australian plant ecologist, conservationist and academic, who participated in the Arnhem Land Scientific Expedition of 1948.

Raymond Louis Specht was born in 1924 in Adelaide, South Australia to Louis and Harriet Specht. He attended Richmond Primary School and Adelaide High School, finishing high school as dux in 1941. Specht intended to pursue teaching as a career. In 1942 he was a student teacher in physics, chemistry and mathematics at Riverton High School. After attending a short course in teaching at the University of Adelaide, he enrolled in Adelaide Teachers College studying biology in 1943. He combined this with studies at the University of Adelaide, and ultimately took his BSc in botany and zoology in 1945 before taking first class honours in plant ecology in 1946.

Specht was invited to join the National Geographic Society and Smithsonian Institution sponsored Arnhem Land Scientific Expedition in 1946. After completing his Honours project he and the 15 other members of the group set out from Adelaide in March 1948. As the botanist for the group, Specht would spend 8 months with the team, collecting 25 tonnes of specimens. After the expedition ended, Specht and his specimens flew to Brisbane in 1949 where the collected materials were identified and prepared for distribution around the world. Materials were sent to six herbaria within Australia, to Kew in England, the Rijksmuseum in Leiden, the Smithsonian Institution and Arnold Arboretum in the U.S.

Specht returned to Adelaide and worked steadily on recording the materials recovered from the expedition over the next 14 years. The results of this would become Volume 3 of the Expedition, Botany and plant ecology (1958), co-edited with Charles P. Mountford. He also edited Volume 4 entitled Zoology (1964).

Specht worked as a senior research fellow at the University of Adelaide from 1950 while he worked on his MSc. He was appointed a lecturer in botany in 1951, and worked on his PhD for the next two years, on mineral nutrition and biomass relationships of the heath vegetation at Dark Island, South Australia. He rose to Senior Lecturer in 1955. In 1956, Specht earnt Fulbright, Smith Mundt and Carnegie grants to study in the U.S.

Specht took up a position as Reader in plant ecology at the University of Melbourne in 1961, and became Acting Head of the Department of Botany in 1964. He moved to the University of Queensland in 1966 as Professor and Head of the Department of Botany and remained there until 1989. He was visiting professor in the Department of Forestry at the University of Oxford in 1970. He was visiting professor in the Department of Botany at the University of Leeds in 1975.

Ray Specht married Marion Gilies in 1952. They met on a University of Queensland Science Student Expedition to Fraser Island in 1949. They had one daughter, Alison.

Specht died on February 13, 2021 in Brisbane, Queensland at the age of 96.




Saturated and unsaturated compounds

In chemistry, a saturated compound is a chemical compound which can't usually do addition reactions, such as hydrogenation, oxidative addition, and the binding of a Lewis base. Therefore an unsaturated compound is the opposite. Saturated compounds are compounds like alkanes. Saturated hydrocarbons contain only carbon to carbon single bonds. Unsaturated compounds are compounds like alkenes or alkynes. Unsaturated hydrocarbons contain a carbon to carbon double bond, or carbon to carbon triple bond.

Can't Get You Out of My Head

"Can't Get You Out of My Head" is a song recorded by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It is the first single from her eighth studio album, "Fever". It is credited with reigniting her career in the 2000s. It is a dance-pop song. The song was reported to reach number one in her home country of Australia, along with New Zealand and every country in Europe except Finland, where it reached the top five. It reached number seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming her second US top-ten hit after her version of "The Locomotion" in 1988. It has become Minogue's signature song.

Hong Kong Time

Hong Kong Time (abbreviation: HKT ; ) () is 8 hours earlier than Greenwich time ().

Tinda

Tinda (), also called "Indian squash", "round melon", "Indian round gourd", "apple gourd" or "Indian baby pumpkin", is a squash-like cucurbit grown for its immature fruit. The fruit is a vegetable that is especially popular in Southern Asia. It is NOT the ""National vegetable of India"."

Indian mackerel

The Indian mackerel ("Rastrelliger kanagurta") is a species of mackerel in the scombrid family (family Scombridae) of order Perciformes. It is commonly found in the Indian and West
Pacific oceans, and their surrounding seas. It is an important food fish and is commonly used in South and South-East Asian cuisine. It is the ""National fish of India"."

It is known by various names, such as 'Kembung' in Indonesia, "Bangda"(बांगडा) in Marathi, "Aiyla"(അയല, ഐല) in Malayalam, "Kumula" (குமுளா) or "Kanaangeluthi" (கானாங்கெளுத்தி) in Tamil and "Bangude" (ಬಂಗುಡೆ) in Tulu, Konkani and Kannada.

Lebensraum

Lebensraum means "Living Space" in German. It is especially associated with Nazi Germany and Hitler's desire to expand the country. This belief led to the Invasion of Poland (1939) and Germany's conquering of the Sudentenland. On June 22, 1941, Nazi Germany launched Operaton Barbarossa, an invasion of the Soviet Union. One of the goals for the operation was achieving Lebensraum.

Mineralocorticoid

Mineralocorticoids are corticosteroids, a type of steroid hormone. Mineralocorticoids are produced in the adrenal cortex. They influence salt and water balances (electrolyte balance and fluid balance). The main mineralocorticoid is aldosterone.

Glucocorticoid

Glucocorticoids (GCs) are steroid hormones made in our adrenal glands. They bind to cell receptors. Glucocorticoids regulate glucose metabolism. 

GCs are part of the feedback system for the immune system. They do things like reducing inflammation. They stimulate the creation of glucose from non-carbohydrate carbons, such as proteins. 

They are important in foetal development, promoting the maturing of the lungs, and are essential for brain development. 

Glucocorticoids bind to the glucocorticoid receptor on cells. The newly formed complex moves into the cell nucleus, where it binds to a region on the target genes. This regulates gene expression. This process is referred to as transcriptional activation, or transactivation.

The proteins encoded by these up-regulated genes have a wide range of effects, including, for example:

A variety of synthetic glucocortisoids have been developed for medical use. In addition to the above two purposes, glucocorticoids play important roles in foetal development, and body fluid homeostasis.

Rational function

A rational function is a polynomial divided by a polynomial. formula_1 is a rational function.

An asymptote is a line that a curve gets closer and closer to touching but never does.

Alphanumeric

An alphanumeric code is one made only of letters and numbers.

However, humans can make mistakes, so the code is used so as to cut out common mistakes. Letters and numbers can be misread. The letters I, O and Q are similar to the numbers 1 and 0. 


"Merriam-Webster dictionary" suggests that the term "alphanumeric" may often additionally refer to other symbols, such as punctuation and mathematical symbols. This opens up a whole range of other possibilities, and a whole range of other confusions. It is not the usual way the term 'alphanumeric' is used. The "Shorter Oxford English Dictionary" defines the term as given above in our first line (though not quite in the same words).

Lastly, it is usual for alphanumeric codes to be "case insensitive", which means it does not matter whether you write them in upper case (capital letters) or lower case (small letters). 

Sarah Lincoln Grigsby

Sarah Lincoln Grigsby (February 10, 1807January 20, 1828) was the older sister of Abraham Lincoln, who was later president.
Sarah Lincoln was born in Elizabethtown, Kentucky, on February 10, 1807. On February 12, 1809, her younger brother Abraham Lincoln was born. A third sibling, brother Thomas "Tommy", lived for only about three days in 1812. On October 5, 1818, her mother died of milk sickness, as there was no cure for the disease. For six months, they lived alone. Her father remarried to Sarah Bush Johnson, who cared for them as their stepmother.
In August 1826, Sarah Lincoln married Aaron Grigsby (1801 - 1831). Sarah became pregnant in 1827. On January 20, 1828, she died while giving birth to her first child, a stillborn boy. When her brother Abraham Lincoln heard of her death, his body shook with sobs.

Lindt &amp; Sprüngli

Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Sprüngli AG, more commonly known as Lindt, is a Swiss chocolate and confectionery company. It was founded in 1845 and known for its chocolate truffles and chocolate bars, among other sweets.


Reuleaux triangle

A Reuleaux triangle is a shape made when three circles cross. It looks like a triangle with round sides and pointed corners.

To make one, first draw two dots. Then put a compass on the two dots and draw a circle. Do the same thing again, this time with the other dot as the middle of the circle. Choose either the top or bottom points of the connecting circles as a new center, using the two drawn dots as the edge, and draw the third circle.

If "a" is how wide the Reuleaux triangle is, the area is formula_1. The perimeter is formula_2.

A Reuleaux polygon is a shape like the Reuleaux triangle with an odd number of sides.

A Reuleaux tetrahedron is made when four spheres cross. It looks like a Reuleaux triangle as a pyramid with three sides at the bottom.

Nathaniel Fillmore

Nathaniel Fillmore Jr. (April 19, 1771 – March 28, 1863) was an American farmer and the father of Millard Fillmore, the 13th President of the United States.

Nathaniel Fillmore Jr. was born on April 19, 1771 in Bennington, Bennington County, Vermont, the son of Nathaniel Fillmore Sr. (1739–1814), a native and soldier during the American Revolution, and his wife, Hepzibah Wood (1747–1783). Nathaniel Fillmore Sr. was the son of John Fillmore Jr. (1702–1777), a ship's captain, who was the son of John Fillmore Sr. (1676–1712), a native and mariner.

After his marriage, Fillmore began farming in Vermont. Shortly thereafter, Nathaniel and his brother Calvin Fillmore were approached by land agents offering tracts in New York state. Unhappy with trying to make the stony ground of their Vermont land productive, they quickly grabbed the opportunity and moved to western New York, sight unseen.

According to biographers of Millard Fillmore, "The Fillmore brothers moved their two families to their new homeland nestled deep within a timber-laden forest. Location was not their greatest problem. Nor was the dense clay they unearthed once the land was cleared. Their greatest setback came with the realization that faulty surveying coupled with corrupt local government officials had left them with virtually nothing. Duped, tired, and poor, Nathaniel eventually became a tenant farmer while occasionally teaching school, working the soil for landlords and taking their charity when necessary to survive.

Over time, Nathaniel Fillmore's fortunes changed; he became prominent enough while living in Niles, New York that he served as a justice of the peace for eleven years. He eventually purchased a farm in East Aurora, New York which he developed into a productive enterprise. He died there in 1863, and was buried at East Aurora Cemetery.

Historians have credited his wife, Phoebe, for convincing her husband to secure a clerk’s position for Millard in the office of their landlord, Judge Walter Wood. Though Fillmore did not complete the clerkship, it did set him on the path to a successful legal and political career that carried him to the presidency.

After Millard assumed the presidency in 1850, Nathaniel visited him the following year, Robert J. Scarry writing that the visit was the one most anticipated by President Fillmore.

In 1796, the 25 year-old Fillmore married Phoebe Millard, daughter of a prominent physician, in Bennington. Together, they had nine children:

After Phoebe died in 1831, he remarried to Eunice Love in 1834.

He was the first of only four fathers (the other three being George Tryon Harding, Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr., and George H. W. Bush) to live through the entire presidency of a son.


Henry Cary Jr.

Henry Cary, Jr. (Mid to late 1600s – 18th century) was an American businessman and building contractor, active during the early 1700s. He was the father of Col. Archibald Cary.

Henry Cary Jr. was born in Colonial Virginia around the mid to late 1600s, the son of Henry Cary Sr., also a businessman and building contractor, and his wife, Judith Lockey. There are few surviving records of his early life but it is likely that he learned about contracting through his father. Cary married three times and had seven children, three with his first wife Sarah Sclater and four with his second wife, Ann Edwards.

Cary became visibly active in construction after his father's retirement in 1710 and in December 1720 he was authorized to work on the Governor's Palace, in Williamsburg, Virginia, a project that his father had begun but was unable to complete. This was one of several jobs that Cary performed at Williamsburg and in 1726 he was hired to construct new gates for the Capitol.

He went on to oversee the construction of several buildings at the College of William & Mary (also in Williamsburg): a chapel wing (1729) and the President's House (1732), and Cary was also likely in charge of constructing the Brafferton building (1723).

Around 1733, Cary moved to the bank of the James River, where he built Ampthill, in Chesterfield County, Virginia, which served as the Cary family home for many generations.

Ruederbach

Ruederbach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Yvon Taillandier

Yvon Taillandier (28 March 1926 – 3 March 2018) was a French artist and author. He was born in Paris.

Taillandier critic who was Secretary of the Salon de Mai Committee for 44 years. Taillandier worked for 14 years to the journal "Connaissance des Arts" (Acquaintance with the Arts) and to the "Salon de Mai", "Salon des Réalités Nouvelles", "Salon de la Jeune Peinture", "Salon Comparaisons", "Salon Grands et Jeunes d'Aujourd'hui", "Salon d'Art Sacré" and "Salon Figuration Critique".

Taillandier died in Paris on 3 March 2018 at the age of 91.

Marguerite Chapman

Marguerite Chapman (March 9, 1918 - August 31, 1999) was an American movie and television actress of the 1940s through 1970s. 

Born in Chatham, New York, she originally worked as a telephone operator in White Plains, New York. She went to work as a model for the John Powers Agency in New York City where she was featured in several pictorials and magazine covers. She arrived in Hollywood in December 1939. Her first movie was in 1940. She appeared in 75 features, some of which include "A Man's World" (1942), "The Seven Year Itch" (1955), and "The Amazing Transparent Man" (1960). She also made guest appearances on syndicated television programs like "Hawaii Five-O", "Marcus Welby, M.D.", "Laramie", "Police Story", and "Barnaby Jones". She retired from acting in 1977. She lived in Burbank, California, until her death on August 31, 1999.

James Luna

James Luna (February 9, 1950March 4, 2018) was an American performance artist, photographer and multimedia installation artist. His work was best known for challenging the ways in which museum exhibitions depict Native Americans.

With themes of multiculturalism, alcoholism, and colonialism, Luna's work was often funny and theatrical in nature. Luna was a full-time artist and in 2017 he was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship.

Stephan Tanneberger

Stephan Tanneberger (December 27, 1935 – March 5, 2018) was a German oncologist and chemist. He held leading positions in cancer research and therapy in the German Democratic Republic (GDR).

Tanneberger served as director of the "Zentralinstitut für Krebsforschung" (Central Institute of Cancer Research) of the "Akademie der Wissenschaften der DDR" (Academy of Sciences of the German Democratic Republic) from 1974 until 1990. In 2005, he founded a Center for Peace Work in Anklam in northeast Germany. He was born in Chemnitz, Germany.

Tanneberger died in Greifswald, Germany of blood and bone cancer on March 5, 2018 at the age of 82.

Indra Bahadur Rai

Indra Bahadur Rai (, 3 February 1927 – 6 March 2018) was a Nepali writer and literary critic from Darjeeling, India. He has been an active writer for over 60 years and has received the Sahitya Akademi Award (for his work "Nepali Upanyaska Adharharu"), Jagadambashri Puraskar and Agam Singh Giri Smriti Puraskar.

Rai was one of the most well-known modern authors of Nepali literature. His first novel "Aaja Ramita Cha" was published in 1964. After that, he entered the field of short stories. His first story was published in 1959. His first book "Vipana Katipaya", a collection of thirty short stories published in 1960.

Kitwe

Kitwe is the second largest city in size and population in the country Zambia.
Kitwe has a population of 504,194 (2010 census). Kitwe was found in 1936 as the railway line was being built by Cecil Rhodes' company.
The city is home to a number of mining operations including the Mopani Copper Mines.

Kitwe's has five Twin towns and sister cities:


Wellcome Sanger Institute

The Wellcome Sanger Institute, previously called The Sanger Centre and Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute, is a non-profit British genomics and genetics research institute. It is funded mostly by the Wellcome Trust.

The Institute is on the Wellcome Genome Campus near the village of Hinxton, outside Cambridge. The campus also has the European Bioinformatics Institute. It was established in 1992 and named after double Nobel Laureate, Frederick Sanger. It was conceived as a large scale DNA sequencing centre. It took part in the Human Genome Project, and then made the largest single contribution to the gold standard sequence of the human genome. From its start the Institute had a policy of data sharing, and does much of its research in collaboration.

Since 2000, the Institute expanded its mission to understand "the role of genetics in health and disease". The Institute now employs around 900 people and does four main areas of research: human genetics, pathogen genetics, mouse and zebrafish genetics and bioinformatics.

Wellcome Trust

The Wellcome Trust is a biomedical research charity based in London. It was established in 1936. The money came from legacies of the pharmaceutical magnate Sir Henry Wellcome. Its purpose is to fund research to improve human and animal health. 

The Trust aims to "achieve extraordinary improvements in health by supporting the brightest minds". In addition to funding biomedical research, it supports the public understanding of science. It has an endowment of £23.2 billion (2017) making it the second wealthiest charitable foundation in the world (the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is the richest).

The Trust has been described by the "Financial Times" as the United Kingdom's largest provider of non-governmental funding for scientific research. It is one of the largest providers in the world.

Eliza Manningham-Buller

Elizabeth Lydia "Eliza" Manningham-Buller, Baroness Manningham-Buller LG DCB (born 14 July 1948) is one of the most senior women in British public life.

She was Director General of MI5, the British internal Security Service, from October 2002 until her retirement on 20 April 2007, aged 58. She became a crossbench life peer on 18 April 2008. She is now chair of the Wellcome Trust, the largest private financer of medical research in the UK.

Her father, Reginald Manningham-Buller, was Lord Chancellor from 1954 to 1962. Ms Manninham-Buller was educated at Northampton High School, Beneden School and Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford. She was recruited into the Security Service in her 20s.

Specializing in counter-terrorism rather than MI5's usual counter-espionage, she was active at the time of the Lockerbie bombing by Libya in 1988. She worked for K-branch against the IRA. During the early 1980s she was said to be one of only five people who knew that Oleg Gordievsky, the deputy head of the KGB at the Soviet Embassy in London, was actually a double agent.

She was sent to Washington, D.C. as liaison to the US intelligence community over the first Gulf War. Then she led the newly created MI5 Irish counter-terrorism section from 1992. She was promoted to the Management Board of the Security Service the next year.

Manningham-Buller became the director in charge of surveillance and technical operations. She was appointed Deputy Director General in 1997, and succeeded Sir Stephen Lander as Director General in 2002. She was the second woman to take on the role after Dame Stella Rimington. As Director General, she was paid £150,000 a year. She established a website and recruited agents through newspaper advertisements. Under her direction, terror risk assessments were made public for the first time.

In the 2005 Birthday Honours, Manningham-Buller was appointed to the Order of the Bath as a Dame Commander (DCB). She resigned from MI5 on 21 April 2007, and was succeeded by her deputy, Jonathan Evans. That month marked the end of her 33rd year in the Security Service. She was raised to the peerage as Baroness Manningham-Buller, of Northampton in the County of Northamptonshire on 2 June 2008.

In June 2011, the BBC announced Eliza Manningham-Buller would present the 2011 Reith Lectures, alongside the Burmese pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi in a series entitled Securing Freedom. Eliza Manningham-Buller's lectures broadcast on BBC Radio 4 and the BBC world service in September 2011, marked the ten-year anniversary of the September 11 attacks on the United States.

In her first lecture, titled "Terror", recorded at BBC Broadcasting House in London, she reflected on the lasting significance of 11 September 2001, asking was it a terrorist crime, an act of war, or something different. She also examined the impact the US-led invasion of Iraq had on the fight against al-Qaeda.

In her second lecture, titled "Security", recorded at the Leeds City Museum, she said that the use of torture is "wrong and never justified" and should be "utterly rejected even when it may offer the prospect of saving lives". She said that the use of torture had not made the world a safer place, adding that the use of water-boarding by the United States was a "profound mistake" and as a result America lost its "moral authority".

In her third and final lecture, titled "Freedom", recorded at the British Library in London, she discussed foreign policy priorities since the September 11 attacks. She stated that it was "necessary" to talk to dictators and terrorists, to protect security and said that the British government's decision to engage with Colonel Gaddafi in 2003 was "the right decision". She went on to say that protecting British citizens would be impossible if the security services were restricted to talking only to those with shared values and cited examples where people once deemed terrorists were now part of the political establishment: "Look at Northern Ireland, where former terrorists are in government... look at Mandela and the ANC which used terror tactics when it was in exile."

Graham Rahal

Graham Robert Rahal (born January 4, 1989) is an American race car driver. He currently drives in the IndyCar Series with Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing and the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship with Acura Team Penske.

Rahal began his major racing career in 2006, finishing second in the Champ Car Atlantic championship while winning five races. Rahal ran in the Champ Car Series in 2007, competing for Newman/Haas Racing. 

He moved up to the IndyCar Series for 2008 and won his first race, in St. Petersburg, Florida. With the win, Rahal became the youngest winner in open-wheel racing. He ran sixteen of the seventeen remaining races of the year. In his debut Indianapolis 500, Rahal hit the wall while trying to make a pass early in the race and finished in last place. A year later in St. Petersburg, Rahal became the youngest driver in open wheel history to win a pole. At the end of his first full IndyCar season in 2009, he finished seventh in points. For 2010, Rahal signed on for two races with Sarah Fisher Racing in the beginning of the season. He also ran the Indianapolis 500 with his father's team, and ran a few races with his old team, Newman/Haas Racing.

In late 2010, Rahal and TBC Corporation announced a two year sponsorship deal that allowed Rahal to race for different teams. 

For 2013, Rahal joined Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing, a team partially owned by his father Bobby Rahal. In 2015, Rahal won at Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course. In 2017, Rahal won at Belle Isle Raceway in Detroit, holding off Scott Dixon.

Rahal is married to NHRA driver Courtney Force. He is the son of former Indianapolis 500 winner Bobby Rahal. 

Preble County, Ohio

Preble County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,999. The county seat is Eaton. The county was formed on February 15, 1808 from portions of Butler and Montgomery counties. It is named for Edward Preble, a naval officer who fought in the American Revolutionary War and against the Barbary Pirates.

