Crow Nation

The Crow (also known as Apsáalooke in their own Siouan language, or Absaroka) are Native Americans. In the past, they lived in the Yellowstone River valley, which is in Wyoming, Montana, and North Dakota. Today, they are federally recognized as the Crow Tribe of Montana.

During their history, the Crow have changed their territory many times because of conflicts with the Ojibwe, Cree, Cheyennes, and Lakota (Sioux) peoples. They were generally friendly with the whites. Since the 19th century, most Crow people have lived on their reservation that is south of Billings, Montana. Although they have lost land, it is over 9300 km. They also live in several major western cities. The tribe's headquarters are located at Crow Agency, Montana.

The name Apsáalooke means "children of the large-beaked bird". The French translated the name as "gens du corbeaux" ("people of [the] crows"), and they became known in English as the Crow. Other tribes also refer to the Apsáalooke as "crow" or "raven" in their own languages.

In 1743 the Crow first encountered people of European descent. They were French fur traders.

The Crow and Hidatsa used to be the same tribe. They were nomadic hunters and farmers. The earliest known home of the Crow-Hidatsa tribe was in present-day Ohio. They were pushed out by stronger neighbors and moved to Manitoba. Later, they moved to North Dakota, where they split from the Hidatsa. The Crow were then pushed westward, mostly by the Cheyenne and Sioux.

To gain control of their new home in the Yellowstone River valley, they fought against the Shoshone and drove them westward. They were allied with some of the Kiowa and Kiowa Apache. The Crow were an important tribe in this area through the 18th and 19th centuries, the era of the North American fur trade.

After they started living in this area, the Crow divided into four groups: the Mountain Crow, River Crow, Kicked in the Bellies and Beaver Dries its Fur. They adopted the nomadic lifestyle of the Plains Indians, becoming gatherers and bison hunters.

Around 1740, the Plains tribes, including the Crow, started using horses. This allowed them to hunt buffalo more actively. The Crow became well-known horse breeders and dealers. Sometimes, their horses were stolen by tribes like the Blackfoot Confederacy, Gros Ventre, Assiniboine, Pawnee, and Ute. Later they had to fight the Lakota and their allies, the Arapaho and Cheyenne. The tribes in the Blackfoot Confederacy and the Lakota-Cheyenne-Arapaho alliance became their greatest enemies.

The Crow were generally allies with the northern Plains tribes of the Nez Perce, Kutenai, Shoshone, Kiowa and Kiowa Apache. They were also allies with the Flathead, although sometimes they had conflicts with them. The powerful Iron Confederacy ("Nehiyaw-Pwat"), an alliance of northern plains Indian nations developed as enemies of the Crow. It included the Plains Cree and Assiniboine peoples, and later included the Stoney, Saulteaux, Ojibwe, and Métis.

When a large number of white Americans arrived, the Crows were fighting enemies who greatly outnumbered them. In the 1850s, a boy named Plenty Coups had a vision. The tribal elders said the dream meant that the whites would become dominant over the entire country, and that the Crows would need to remain friendly with the whites.

By 1851, the Lakota and Cheyenne were fighting the Crow for their hunting lands. They took over the eastern hunting lands, and pushed the Crow to the west and northwest upriver on the Yellowstone. After about 1860, the Lakota Sioux had all the former Crow lands. They threatened Americans who were moving into these areas.

The Crow signed the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851 with the United States. This treaty recognized a large area around the Big Horn Mountains as Crow lands. But the Cheyenne and Lakota Sioux were still moving westward and pushing the Crows.

After Red Cloud's War (18661868) between the Lakota Sioux and the United States, the Lakota controlled territory from the Black Hills to the Big Horn Mountains. Bands of Lakota Sioux and Northern Cheyenne began to hunt and raid in ancestral Crow territory.

Crow warriors fought for the US Army in the Great Sioux War (1876–1877). This war ended with the defeat of the Sioux and Cheyenne. Some of the Sioux and their allies went to Canada, while others were removed to reservations.

The Crow had a matrilineal system. After marriage, the husband moved to the wife's mother's house. Women held a significant role within the tribe.

Like other Plains tribes, the Crow historically had three defined gender roles: male, female and "baté" (trans female / "two-spirit").

The Crow Indian Reservation is in south-central Montana. Its area is about , making it the fifth-largest Indian reservation in the United States. The 2000 census reported a total population of 6,894 on reservation lands.

The seat of government and capital of the Crow Indian Reservation is Crow Agency, Montana.

In 1948, a Constitution was adapted. It organized the tribe as a General Council (Tribal Council). The General Council had the executive, legislative, and judicial powers of the government. It was made up of all adult members of the Crow Nation. To be members of the General Council, females had to be 18 years or older and males had to be 21 or older. The General Council was a direct democracy, similar to that of ancient Athens. A chairperson was elected once every two years.

At a 2001 Council Meeting, four officials of the General Council established a three-branch government. The new government is known as the 2001 Constitution. The General Council is still the governing body of the tribe, but it has not met since 2001. Its powers were given to the three-branch government. The 2001 Constitution has been controversial because its establishment did not follow the rules of the 1948 Constitution. Opponents also say that it gives too much power to the US Bureau of Indian Affairs over the Crow government.

The officials who established the 2001 Constitution became the Executive Branch. These officials are known as the Chairperson, Vice-Chairperson, Secretary, and Vice-Secretary. The Chairperson's term lasts four years. The current Chairman is Darrin Old Coyote.

The Legislative Branch has three members from each district on the Crow Indian Reservation. The Crow Indian Reservation is divided into six districts known as The Valley of the Chiefs, Reno, Black Lodge, Mighty Few, Big Horn, and Pryor Districts.

The Judicial Branch consists of all courts established by the Crow Law and Order Code. It consists of an elected Chief Judge and two Associate Judges. The Crow Court of Appeals receives all appeals from the lower courts. The Chief Judge of the Crow Nation is Julie Yarlott.




Joaquín Castro

Joaquín Castro (born September 16, 1974) is an American politician. He has served in the United States House of Representatives for Texas's 20th congressional district since 2013.

Julián Castro was the 16th United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in the Cabinet of President Barack Obama and is a candidate for President in the 2020 election.

In July 2022, Castro was diagnosed with small intestine cancer which had spread to his liver. He had surgery in February 2023 to remove the tumors.


Tom Steyer

Thomas Fahr "Tom" Steyer (born June 27, 1957) is an American hedge fund manager, politician, philanthropist, and environmentalist. Steyer is the founder and former Co-Senior Managing Partner of Farallon Capital Management, LLC and the co-founder of Beneficial State Bank.

In 2017, Steyer spent around $10 million for a television ad campaign advocating the impeachment of President Donald Trump and plans to spend millions more on a digital ad campaign to call for Trump's impeachment. Steyer thought about running for Governor of California in the 2018 gubernatorial election as a stance against President Trump.

Steyer was on the Board of Trustees at Stanford University from 2012 to 2017.

On July 9, 2019, Steyer announced his candidacy for President of the United States in the 2020 election. He stated that he would be running in the Democratic primaries in an online campaign video. He dropped out of the race after losing the South Carolina primary on February 29, 2020. Steyer spent $250 million of his own money on his campaign. This was more than any other candidate in history, except Mike Bloomberg's campaign.


Burt Kwouk

Herbert W. "Burt" Kwouk, OBE (pron. "Kwok"; ; 18 July 1930 – 24 May 2016) was a British actor.

Kwouk was born in Warrington to Chinese parents. He was raised in Shanghai.

Kwouk was known for his role as Cato (spelled "Kato" in the 1964 release "A Shot in the Dark") in the "Pink Panther" movies. He was also known for his role of Major Yamauchi in the British drama series "Tenko" and, later, as Entwistle in "Last of the Summer Wine".

In the 2011 New Year Honours List, Burt Kwouk was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to drama.

Kwouk died on 24 May 2016 in London, England of cancer of unknown primary origin, aged 85.

Howard Schultz

Howard D. Schultz (born July 19, 1953) is an American businessman. He is best known as the chairman and CEO of Starbucks and a former owner of the Seattle SuperSonics. He was a member of the Board of Directors at Square, Inc..

In 1998, Schultz co-founded Maveron, an investment group, with Dan Levitan. In 2012, "Forbes" magazine ranked Schultz as the 354th richest person in the United States, with a net worth of $1.5 billion.

On June 4, 2018, Schultz announced his retirement as executive chairman. However, he returned to the role in March 2022.

In January 2019, it was reported that Schultz was considering running as an independent candidate in the election. Schultz announced on January 27, 2019 that he would explore a bid as an independent candidate. However in June 2019, he ruled out a presidential bid citing health concerns. In September 2019, Schultz formally said he would not run saying he would not want to risk re-electing President Donald Trump.

Gert Bals

Gert Bals (18 October 1936 – 20 May 2016) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a goalkeeper.

Bals became the first Dutch goalkeeper in an UEFA Cup final, when he played for Ajax in the 1969 European Cup Final against Milan.

He played 216 official matches for Ajax after making his debut for them in August 1965 and won 4 league titles with the club. He won the Dutch Footballer of the Year Award in 1969.

He finished his career at Vitesse after losing Ajax´ number one jersey to Heinz Stuy in 1970.

Alfredo Lim

Alfredo Siojo Lim (; 21 December 1929 – 8 August 2020) was a Filipino politician. He served as Mayor of the City of Manila from 1992 to 1998 and 2007 to 2013. He also served as senator of the Philippines from 2004 to 2007. He ran for president in 1998, but lost to Joseph Estrada.

He lost his re-election campaign in 2013, but lost to former President of the Philippines Joseph Estrada. He ran again in 2016, but narrowly lost to Estrada again by less than 1%.

On 7 August 2020, Lim was hospitalized in Manila with COVID-19. He died the next day from the infection at the age of 90.


Gender equality

Gender equality is a belief that both men and women should receive equal treatment. People should not be discriminated against because of their gender. It can also be called sex equality, gender egalitarianism, sexual equality or equality of the genders. 

Gender equality is supported by feminists and humanists.


Canton of Echternach

Echternach () is a canton in east Luxembourg. Its capital is Echternach.

Its area is . The population in 2017 was 18,702. The Echternach canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

It is bordered on the north by the German district of Eifelkreis Bitburg-Prüm (part of the "Land" of Rhineland-Palatinate), to the east by the Trier-Saarburg district (also part of Rhineland-Palatinate), to the south by the Grevenmacher canton and to the west by the Diekirch and the Mersch cantons

Part of this canton is a natural region called the Little Switzerland.

The Echternach canton has 8 communes (2017 population).


Jazz dance

Jazz dance is a dance genre which is easy to recognise, but not easy to define. It is, like some other forms of dance and music, an African influence in western culture.

Its origins were in social dancing to the music of jazz, but it developed into a type of stage dancing.

Today, jazz dance is taught to students of stage dancing. The ISTD (Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing) lists jazz dance under 'Modern Theatre', and the IDTA (International Dance Teachers Association) lists it in their 'Theatre Branch'. Professional stage dancers are certain to have some kind of jazz dance training.

Modern ballet has also been influenced by jazz dance. Balanchine's ballet "Slaughter on Tenth Avenue" was the climax of the Broadway musical "On Your Toes" (1936), Kathleen Dunham and Bob Fosse were famous jazz dancers and choreographers.

Bangerten

Bangerten was a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016 the former municipality of Bangerten merged into the municipality of Rapperswil.

Bannwil

Bannwil is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Viktor Kulikov

Viktor Kulikov (July 5, 1921 – May 28, 2013 in Moscow) was a Marshal of the Soviet Union and commander-in-chief of the Warsaw Pact from 1977 until 1989.

Kulikov first served in the military during the Great Patriotic War (1941–1945). After that, he was given the title of Hero of the Soviet Union. 

In 1983, he was honored with the Lenin Prize.

Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad

Sheikh Abubakr Ahmad (born 22 March 1939; also known as "Kāntapuraṃ Ě.pi. Abūbakkar Musliyār") is Grand Mufti of India. He is the President of the Islamic Community of India, Founder and Chancellor of the Jamia Markaz and General Secretary of the All India Sunni Jamiyyathul Ulama.

In August 2014, he has condemned Islamic extremism saying "Militant groups such as the Islamic State (IS) are trying to defame a religion that advocates peace and tolerance."

In November 2015, he commented on gender equality saying women could never equal men 

University of Hong Kong

The University of Hong Kong (also called Hong Kong University or HKU) is a university in Pok Fu Lam, Hong Kong. It is the oldest university in Hong Kong. In 2016, it was listed as the 45th best university in world reputation rankings.

The university offers subjects in:

Direct tax

A direct tax is a tax paid directly to the government by a person or organization. A direct tax may not be passed on to another person or entity but must be paid by the entity responsible for the tax. A direct tax is different from an indirect tax, which is paid by someone other than the person or entity who would normally be responsible for it. For example, a tax owed on a piece of property is a direct tax. A tax on the sale of that property would be considered an indirect tax.

An income tax is a tax that governments levy on individuals and businesses on their income. In the US and other countries, businesses and individuals need to file an Income Tax Return every year. This is to report all forms of income and to see if they owe any tax or can get a tax refund. Income tax is an important source of funds to most levels of government.

In the United States Constitution, the difference between indirect and direct taxes was important enough to require a Constitutional amendment in order for the federal government to levy an income tax. This was the Sixteenth Amendment which was ratified in 1913. Before the Sixteenth Amendment, any direct tax levied by the federal government had to be apportioned among the states by population. As apportionment by population proved to be virtually impossible, levying direct taxes was prevented by this article of the Constitution until it was changed in 1913. So the federal government relied on indirect taxes such as tariffs and Duties on imported goods and materials.

Another form of direct tax is the corporation tax. This is a tax on profits earned by corporations and other companies. In the United States the federal corporate tax is a direct tax, but is different from income tax. It taxes net income (profits) not gross income (on which income taxes are based). Corporate tax allows deductions for most expenses of doing business. Also, it only applies to corporations. It does not apply to partnerships or sole proprietorships.

Property tax, also called millage tax, is a tax on property that the owner must pay. They are usually collected by local governments and are based on a standardized value of a property. Property tax money is usually used for schools, community safety and local infrastructure. Millage rates refer to the "mill": one one-thousandth of a dollar. The millage rate is the amount of taxes levied per $1,000 of property value. For example, if the millage rate is 3 mills (or 3 tenths of a penny), a property valued at $300,000 would be a tax of $900.


Bäriswil, Bern

Bäriswil is a municipality in the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the cantons of Berne in Switzerland.

Bätterkinden

Bätterkinden is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

It is about north of Bern.


Wallis Simpson

Wallis Simpson (born Bessie Wallis Warfield; 19 June 1896 - 24 April 1986), who later became the Duchess of Windsor, caused a serious crisis in the mid-1930s when the heir to the throne of the United Kingdom, Prince Edward, fell in love with her. However, she was married to another man, and she had already gotten a divorce from her first husband to marry him. In 1936, she divorced her second husband.

On 20 January 1936, King George V died, and Edward became king. Edward VIII and Wallis had already started an affair. He wanted to marry her after she had divorced.

The monarch is the head of the Church of England, which was strongly against the idea of divorce. Their affair was regarded as a sin.

In November, King Edward consulted with British Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin on a way to both marry Wallis and keep the throne. Edward suggested a morganatic marriage in which he would remain king but Wallis would not be queen, and their children could not become the monarch. The idea was rejected by Baldwin and the prime ministers of Australia and South Africa. If Edward married Wallis against Baldwin's advice, the government had decided to resign, which would cause a constitutional crisis.

The King decided he had no choice but to abdicate so that he could marry Wallis. On 11 December 1936, Edward said in a radio broadcast, "I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility, and to discharge my duties as King as I would wish to do, without the help and support of the woman I love".

After his abdication, Edward became the Duke of Windsor, and Wallis became the Duchess of Windsor. While Edward retained his style of "Royal Highness", King George VI declared Wallis would not be allowed to do the same but would be instead styled "Her Grace The Duchess of Windsor", the same style given to a non-royal duchess. The couple lived abroad, mainly in France, for most of their lives.

During the Second World War, they moved from France to Portugal and later to the Bahamas. They were widely suspected of being sympathetic to the German Nazis. Edward himself wrote in the New York "Daily News" of 13 December 1966: "it was in Britain's interest and in Europe's too, that Germany be encouraged to strike east and smash Communism forever ... I thought the rest of us could be fence-sitters while the Nazis and the Reds slogged it out".
After her husband's death from cancer in 1972, Wallis travelled to the United Kingdom to attend his funeral. She stayed at Buckingham Palace during her visit. The Duchess of Windsor died on 24 April 1986 at her home in the Bois de Boulogne, Paris, at the age of 89. She was buried alongside her husband in the Royal Burial Ground. She wrote about her life in 1956.


Gross income

Gross income in United States income tax law is money or anything of value gained from all sources. Gross income is the amount of income before any tax deductions or allowances. In the Law of the United States, 26 U.S. Code § 61, "Except as otherwise provided in this subtitle, gross income means all income from whatever source derived...". 

Some types of income are specifically excluded from gross income. These are listed at 26 U.S. Code Part III and include:


Bellmund

Bellmund () is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Tweenager

A tween or tweenager is a person between the ages 10 to 12. In this stage of life, they are still developing. They can also be described with the term Preteens.

On average, girls begin puberty at ages 7 to 11; boys at ages 8 to 12. Girls usually complete puberty by ages 15 to 17, while boys usually complete puberty by ages 16 to 17. The major landmark of puberty for females is menarche, the onset of menstruation. This usually occurs between ages 12 and 13; for males, it is the first ejaculation, which occurs on average at age 15.In the 21st century, the average age at which children, especially girls, reach puberty is lower compared to the 19th century, when it was 15 for girls and 16 for boys. This can be due to improved nutrition resulting in rapid body growth, increased weight and fat deposition or eating meat from animals which have been dosed up with estrogen. 

Sexual attraction to tweenagers or people going through puberty is called hebephilia.

Belprahon

Belprahon is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Rita Renoir

Rita Renoir (19 January 1934 – 4 May 2016) was a French striptease entertainer and actress. She was born in Paris. She was one of the most famous European strip-teasers. In 1964, Renoir was chosen by Michelangelo Antonioni to play the role of Emilia in "The Red Desert"

Renoir died on 4 May 2016 at the age of 82.


John David Jackson

John David Jackson (January 19, 1925 – May 20, 2016) was a Canadian–American physics. He was the professor emeritus at the University of California, Berkeley and a faculty senior scientist emeritus at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. 

He was a theoretical physicist. He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He was well known for his many publications and summer-school lectures in nuclear and particle physics, as well as his widely used graduate text on classical electromagnetism.

Brandon Grove

Brandon Hambright Grove, Jr. (April 8, 1929 – May 20, 2016) was an American diplomat. He was born in Chicago. He was the United States Ambassador to the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) from 1974 through 1977 and Zaire from 1984 through 1987. He served on the board of directors of the American Academy of Diplomacy.

Grove, Jr. died from complications of cancer on May 20, 2016 in Washington, D.C., aged 87.

Velimir Sombolac

Velimir Sombolac (Serbian Cyrillic: Beлимиp Coмбoлaц; 27 February 1939 – 22 May 2016) was a Serbian footballer and manager.

After having played ten matches for the Yugoslav U-21 team, and also five for the national "B" team, he was in the Olympic team that represented Yugoslavia at the 1960 Summer Olympics. There, Yugoslavia won the gold eliminating hosts Italy in the semi-finals, and beating Denmark ( 3–1 ) in the final. Afterward, Sombolac also played five matches for the Yugoslavia national football team.

Right after retiring, in 1973, he took charge of a small regional club called FK Sloga Gornji Pogradci, that provided him with crucial experience for returning, in 1974, to Borac, to become the assistant manager until 1976.

After the break-up of Yugoslavia, he worked at the Football Association of Republika Srpska, helping to form all the youth category teams. From 1998 to 2001, he was the head coach of the Republika Srpska official football team.


Zdeněk Mézl

Zdeněk Mézl (31 October 1934 – 23 May 2016) was an Czech print-maker and writer. He was known for his illustrations. He was born in Prague.

He studied at the College of Applied Arts between 1949 and 1953 and later graduated from the Academy of Fine Arts, Prague. Mézl has illustrated some books using traditional woodcut engraving. His published books are "A Battle for Cathedral" or "Hey, Slavs!".

Mézl died on 23 May 2016 in Prague from a heart attack, aged 81.

Mell Lazarus

Mell Lazarus (May 3, 1927 – May 24, 2016)
was an American cartoonist. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He was best known as the creator of two comic strips, "Miss Peach" (1957–2002) and "Momma" (1970–2016). He wrote two novels. For his comic strip "Pauline McPeril" (a 1966-69 collaboration with Jack Rickard), he used the pseudonym Fulton, which is also the name of a character in his first novel, "The Boss Is Crazy, Too".

Lazarus served as President of the National Cartoonists Society from 1989 to 1993.

Lazarus died on May 24, 2016 at his home in Los Angeles, California from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 89.


Yang Jiang

Yang Jiang (; 17 July 1911 – 25 May 2016), born Yang Jikang (), was a Chinese playwright, author, and translator. She wrote several successful comedies. She was the first Chinese person to produce a complete Chinese version of "Don Quixote" from the Spanish original.

On 25 May 2016, Yang died at the age of 104 at Peking Union Medical College Hospital in Beijing.



Chris Murphy

Christopher Scott "Chris" Murphy (born August 3, 1973) is the junior United States Senator from Connecticut. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He previously served in the United States House of Representatives, representing from 2007 to 2013.


Richard Blumenthal

Richard Blumenthal (born February 13, 1946) is the senior United States Senator from Connecticut. He has been in office since 2011. He served as Attorney General of Connecticut from 1991 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party.


Wendell Berry

Wendell E. Berry (born August 5, 1934) is an American novelist, poet, environmental activist, critic of culture, and farmer. He has written many novels, short stories, poems, and essays. 

He is an elected member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers and was given The National Humanities Medal. He was named to be the Jefferson Lecturer for 2012. He is also a 2013 Fellow of The American Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 2013 he was given the Richard C. Holbrooke Distinguished Achievement Award. 

On January 28, 2015, he became the first living writer to be added to the Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame.

Wendell Berry is the oldest of four children. His father was a lawyer and tobacco farmer in Henry County, Kentucky. The families of his parents had farmed in Henry County for more than 100 years. 

He went to grade school in New Castle, Kentucky in the 1940s. He read stories of King Arthur's knights and Robin Hood. He also read books such as "The Swiss Family Robinson", "Treasure Island", "The Yearling," and "My Friend Flicka." 

Berry went to high school at Millersburg Military Institute from 1948 to 1952. After that, he studied at the University of Kentucky. By 1957 he got his Master of Arts degree. He married his wife Tanya Amyx. And his first poem was printed in "Poetry" magazine. 

In 1958, he was in a writing class at Stanford University. He studied in a group that included other famous writers, such as Larry McMurtry, Robert Stone, Ernest Gaines, and Ken Kesey. In this class Berry worked on his first novel, "Nathan Coulter", which was printed in April 1960.

In 1961 he got some money that let him take his family to Italy and France for a year. When he came back to the United States, he taught English from 1962 to 1964 at New York University. By 1965 he moved back to Kentucky with his family and taught writing at the University of Kentucky until 1977. During this time he published two novels, five books of poetry, and four books of essays.

Since 1977 he has lived with his family on Lanes Landing Farm outside of Port Royal, Kentucky. He has grown corn and small grain crops. He has a flock of sheep. He has written many books about living in a small community. He also writes about how farmers and all people should care for the land.

Most of Wendell Berry's writing is now printed by Counterpoint/Catapult in Berkeley, California.






Canton of Esch-sur-Alzette

Esch-sur-Alzette () is a canton in the south-west of Luxembourg. Its capital is Esch-sur-Alzette.

With an area of , and a population (2016) of 172,687, the Esch-sur-Alzette canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton borders on the south with the French departments of Moselle and Meurthe-et-Moselle, and with Belgium on the west. In the Pétange commune is the point where where three countries meetː Luxembourg, France and Belgium.

The Esch-sur-Alzette canton has 14 communes (2017 population).


Beth Howland

Elizabeth "Beth" Howland (May 28, 1941 – December 31, 2015) was an American actress. She worked on stage, movies and television. She was best known for playing Vera Gorman in the sitcom "Alice".

Howland died of lung cancer on December 31, 2015 in Santa Monica, California, at the age of 74.


Brian Murphy

Brian Trevor John Murphy (born 25 September 1932) is an English actor. He is best known as the husband George Roper in the sitcom "Man About the House" and spin-off "George and Mildred". he and Brian Wilde are the last surviving actors of last of the summer wine


Caupolicán

Caupolicán was a leader of the Mapuche people of Chile, who decided to choose a supreme war leader in response to the Spanish threat. Caupolican supposedly won the position by demonstrating his superior strength by holding up a tree trunk three days and three nights, though this may be an exaggeration.
In addition to proving his physical power, he also had to improvise a poetical speech to inspire the people to valor and unity. Much of the legend of Caupolican is found in the epic poem La Araucana by Alonso de Ercilla, a major piece of literature about the Spanish conquest of America.


Lautaro

Lautaro was a Mapuche military leader and relevant actor in the Arauco War. His tactics are today studied in many war academies in the world.

Lautaro was also a son of a mapuche Lonco ("chief"). When he was young, he was captured by the spanish colonizators and grew up as personal servant of the spanish conqueror of Chile, Pedro de Valdivia. With him, he learned the military tactics of the spanish army.

As he converted into an adult, he ran away from the spanish captivity and went back with the mapuches. With the knowledge adquired, he introduced the horse into the mapuche people and designed new tactics to combat the conquerors militia. So, he attracted around him the dispersed mapuche warrriors and formed a big native army to fight against the conquerors.

He obtained many military successes, destroying new founded cities and making big pression over the few spanish men in the Chilean territory. After he got a substancial victory in the southern city, he began the advance over Santiago, the capital and oldest spanish founded city. Unhappily for him, he was murdered when he was only 200 km away from his destination.

He is considered an important icon of the Arauco War, due his revolutionary strategy and responsability in the union of the disperse mapuche people.

His name was use by Francisco de Miranda, when he founded the Logia Lautaro an american-independist society of the end of 18 century and the beginning of the 19th century.


Galvarino

Galvarino was a famous Mapuche warrior. In 1557, he fought in the Battle of Lagunillas against the an army of Spanish conquistadors. The battle took place in Chile near the Bio Bio River. He was taken prisoner along with one hundred and fifty other Mapuche. Some prisoners were condemned to amputation of their right hand and nose. Others like Galvarino had both hands cut off. He was released and told to tell the Mapuche chief Caupolicán to surrender to stop more bloodshed. He did just the opposite. He urged the Mapuche to continue fighting against the Spanish invaders. Less than a month later, on November 30, 1557, with knives fastened to both of his wrists he fought at the Battle of Millarupe. It was supposed to be a surprise attack but the Mapuche sprang the trap too early. In the battle, over 3,000 Mapuche warriors were killed. Galvarino was one of several hundred who were captured. He was sentenced to be hung. Some say he was executed by being thrown to the dogs. Others claim he was hanged. Still others say he killed himself before he could be executed.



Directed evolution

Directed evolution (DE) is a method used to produce enzymes for industrial or medical purposes.

The method is protein engineering which mimics natural selection. 

The basic idea is to put a gene through repeated rounds of mutation, to make a library of variants. Selection isolates genes with the desired function. They are a template for the next round. 

This can be done "in vivo" (in living cells of bacteria or yeast), or "in vitro" (free in solution or microdroplets). 

Testing more mutants increases the chances of finding one with the desired properties.

During "in vivo" evolution, each cell (usually bacteria or yeast) is transformed with a plasmid containing a different member of the variant library. Only the gene of interest differs between the cells, with all other genes being kept the same. 

The cells express the protein either in their cytoplasm or surface where its function can be tested. This format has the advantage of selecting for properties in a cellular environment, which is useful when the evolved protein or RNA is to be used in living organisms. 

When done without cells, DE uses "in vitro" transcription translation to produce proteins or RNA free in solution or inside artificial microdroplets. This has the benefit of allowing more conditions (e.g. temperature, solvents). It can express proteins that would be toxic to cells. Furthermore, "in vitro" evolution experiments can generate far larger libraries (up to 10) because the library DNA need not be inserted into cells. That often limits what can be done. 

When functional proteins have been isolated, it is necessary that their genes are too, therefore a genotype-phenotype link is required. 

This can be covalent, where the mRNA gene is linked to the protein at the end of translation by puromycin. 

Alternatively the protein and its gene can be kept together, or in emulsion droplets. The gene sequences isolated are then multiplied by PCR or by transformed host bacteria. Either the single best sequence, or a pool of sequences can be used as the template for the next round of mutagenesis. The repeated cycles of diversification-selection-amplification make enzyme variations adapted to the selection process.

US engineer Frances Arnold has won the Millennium Technology Prize for pioneering directed evolution.

Cave catfish

Cave catfish is a name used for species of catfish which live in caves or underground environments.

Species known specifically as cave catfish include:

Other catfish that live in caves include:


Alec John Such

Alexander John Such (November 14, 1951 – June 4, 2022) was an American bassist. He was best known as a founding member of the rock band Bon Jovi, and as their bass player, from 1983 to 1994. He was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2018. He was born in Yonkers, New York.

Such died on June 4, 2022 from a heart attack at his home in Horry County, South Carolina, aged 70.

Alvin and the Chipmunks 4: The Road Chip

Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip is a 2015 movie starring Jason Lee as David Seville. The main characters for the movie are Alvin, Simon, Theodore and the Chipettes. The movie was released on December 18, 2015.

Four years after the events of , Alvin, Simon, and Theodore, along with the Chipettes – Brittany, Jeanette, and Eleanor – set up a surprise birthday bash for Dave that also serves as a good-luck and going-away party for the Chipettes, who are scheduled to be guest judges on "American Idol". Alvin invites and hires many people and celebrities to the dismay of Simon before Dave returns home in dissatisfaction. Nevertheless, Dave agrees to take them to mini-golf, and meet Samantha, the woman he has been dating for the past few months. While the Chipmunks like Samantha, her son Miles is a bully who physically abuses the trio. Later, the Chipmunks find an engagement ring in a bag Dave brought home and believe that he is going to propose to Samantha. Realizing in horror that Dave and Samantha getting married would make Miles their step-brother, they try to steal the ring, but are unsuccessful.

Dave has to produce a record for rising pop artist Ashley Grey in Miami, and decides to bring Samantha along with him. The Chipmunks and Miles are staying together, but they agree to head to Miami to sabotage the supposed proposal. The Chipmunks drug three squirrels and dress them up in their clothes to fool their hard-of-seeing neighbor Ms. Price , who was asked to look after them. The Chipmunks travel on a plane, but Theodore lets out a monkey, which then lets out several animals which cause an emergency landing and bring the ire of unscrupulous Air Marshal James Suggs, who reveals to have a grudge against the Chipmunks because his girlfriend dumped him for being so into them at the time, effectively eliminating his shot of becoming an FBI agent. As revenge on them, they are put on the No Fly List.

The Chipmunks perform at a bar, but this is interrupted by Suggs, and they cause a bar brawl as a diversion. They jump into a cab sitting outside. After the cab driver learns that they cannot pay him, he kicks the four out of the cab. The Chipmunks and Miles rest at an old tree, and he reveals that his father left him when he was five years old, causing the four to bond and see each other in different lights. They raise money to take a bus to New Orleans, and sing "Uptown Funk" at the Mardi Gras parade, which gets the attention of Dave when it is broadcast on live television and allows for the Chipmunks to cause Suggs, who has followed them, to get drunk on moonshine.

Dave and Samantha meet Miles and the Chipmunks at Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport and ground them for what they did. Because the Chipmunks are now on the No Fly List, Dave has to drive the boys. Dave is very disappointed in them. When they arrive in Miami, Alvin reveals that he stole the ring from the container, thus ruining the proposal. However, Miles had bonded with the Chipmunks during their trip and was upset that they were celebrating over this, thinking they just didn’t want to have him around. He crosses the street with his headphones on and is almost hit by a car, but the Chipmunks swing Theodore and push Miles out of the way, saving his life. They agree to give the ring back.

During the dinner, Suggs catches up with the Chipmunks, but they trap him in an elevator. Miles and the Chipmunks return the ring to Dave saying they accept Samantha and Miles into the family, but Dave reveals he never intended to propose to Samantha for the time being, and the ring belonged to his friend Barry, who was proposing to his girlfriend, Alice, who is disgusted to find a breath mint inside the container, which Alvin had placed there as a replacement for the ring. Dave is very disappointed in the Chipmunks, so they try to make it up to him by singing a new song to him at the launch party with the help of the Chipettes, Ashley and Miles. They also return the ring to Barry, who reattempts his proposal to Alice, and this time, Alice accepts. Having forgiven them (while also apologizing for going overboard with his no music policy), Dave returns to Los Angeles with the Chipmunks and officially adopts them as his sons, but becomes frustrated after discovering that the squirrels destroyed everything at their house. Later, Suggs escapes the elevator and decides to relax by the pool, only for two security guards to carry him out of the hotel.

Belp

Belp is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland 
administrative district in the canton of Berne, Switzerland.

It is close to Bern's Belp Airport.

The municipality of Belpberg merged on 1 January 2012 into the municipality of Belp.


Ideal Landscape with a Young Man Killing a Snake

Ideal Landscape with a Young Man Killing a Snake is an oil painting by Franz Caucig (1755 – 1828), a Neoclassical painter. He made the painting before 1810. The size of the painting is . The painting is in the National Gallery of Slovenia.

On the left is an aqueduct and a group of trees. On the right a young man kills a snake on the bank of a river. The sky has dark clouds. The sun shines on the river and on the young man.

The theme of nature is common in Neoclassicism. The works of Immanuel Kant and neoclassical English philosophers were popular at this time.

Bettenhausen, Switzerland

Bettenhausen is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011 the former municipality of Bollodingen merged into the municipality of Bettenhausen.

Delta IV

The Delta IV is a rocket made to launch satellites. It has many different types including Medium, Medium+, and Heavy for many different types of satellites orbiting at many different altitudes above the Earth. The Delta IV launches at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida and at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.

The Delta IV has launched 32 times. The first flight was on November 20, 2002, and it launched the "Eutelsat W5" communications satellite into geostationary transfer orbit (GTO).

The Delta IV rocket comes in many different types meant to launch different sizes and kinds of satellites.
The least powerful kind of the Delta IV rocket is the Medium type. It has 1 main Common Booster Core (CBC) as the first stage of the rocket, using the RS-68 engine, and the second stage is like from the Delta III rocket, but it has been changed. It uses a 4-meter payload fairing to cover the satellite during the launch of the rocket. This kind has launched 3 times.
The Delta IV Medium+ (4,2) is like the Medium type, but it has two GEM-60 solid rocket boosters strapped onto the CBC. This kind has launched 13 times, and is the kind of Delta IV rocket that has launched the most times.

The Delta IV Medium+ (5,2) is like the (4,2), but the second stage and fairing has a larger diameter. This kind has launched 2 times.

The Delta IV Medium+ (5,4) is like the (5,2), but it has two more GEM-60 solid rocket boosters. This kind has launched 5 times.

The Delta IV Heavy is the biggest kind of Delta IV rockets. It has two CBC strapped onto it like solid rocket boosters. This kind has launched 9 times, and is the most powerful rocket currently doing launches (the most powerful rocket ever is the Saturn V).



Giant Bible of Echternach

The Giant Bible of Echternach, Echternacher Riesenbibel or Gothaer Riesenbibel is an illuminated Bible from the 11th century. It is written in the Latin language. It was made for the abbot of Echternach sometime between 1051 and 1081. The Bible is in the National Library of Luxembourg (formerly Gotha). 

The Giant Bible of Echternach was made at the Abbey Echernach. The abbey is famous for its scriptorium and its illuminated manuscripts from the 11th century.


Biglen

Biglen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Bauen

Bauen was a municipality of the canton of Uri in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Bauen became a part of Seedorf.


Canton of Mersch

Mersch () is a canton in the centre of Luxembourg. Its capital is Mersch.

It is the only canton, other than Luxembourg, to be entirely surrounded by other cantons, and therefore not to have an international boundary.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 31,351, the Mersch canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Diekirch canton to the north, the Echternach canton to the east, the Grevenmacher canton to the southeast and the Luxembourg canton to the south. The canton borders, to the west, with the Redange canton.

The Mersch canton has 11 communes (2016 population).


Nancy Dow

Nancy Maryanne Dow (July 22, 1936 – May 25, 2016) was an American actress and model. She appeared in a brief group of movies and television shows such as "The Beverly Hillbillies", "The Wild Wild West" and the 2005 movie "Pure". She was married to Greek American actor John Aniston with whom she had a daughter, actress Jennifer Aniston (born February 11, 1969).

Dow died at a hospital in Los Angeles, California on May 25, 2016 from complications from a stroke, aged 79.

Howard Golden

Howard Golden (born 1925, died January 24, 2024) is an American civil servant. He was the long-time Democratic borough president of Brooklyn serving from 1977 to December 31, 2001.

Guy Molinari

Gaetano Victor "Guy" Molinari (November 23, 1928 – July 25, 2018) was an American politician. He was a former United States Representative who served in Congress from 1981 through 1989. He also served as borough president of Staten Island, New York from 1990 through 2001.

Molinari died of pneumonia on July 25, 2018 in Manhattan, aged 89.

Helen M. Marshall

Helen M. Marshall (September 30, 1929 – March 4, 2017) was an American politician from New York. She was Borough President of Queens from 2002 to 2013.

Marshall died on March 4, 2017 under hospice care in Palm Desert, California, aged 87.

Claire Shulman

Claire K. Shulman (February 23, 1926 in Brooklyn, New York – August 16, 2020 in Queens, New York) was an American politician. She was the borough president of Queens, New York City from 1986 until 2002. She was the first woman to hold this position in Queens history.

Shulman died on August 16, 2020 of lung cancer at the age of 94.


Joe Fleishaker

Joseph Isaac Fleishaker (1954 – May 23, 2016) was an American character actor. He was born in Brooklyn. He was best known for his appearances in low-budget cult and horror movies such as those made by Troma Entertainment. He appeared in "Troma's War", "Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D." and "Tromeo and Juliet". He also appeared in several skits on "Late Show with David Letterman".

Fleishaker died of a heart attack at a hospital in The Bronx, New York on May 23, 2016, aged 62.


Gyula Kosice

Gyula Kosice, born Ferdinand Fallik (April 26, 1924 – May 25, 2016), was a Czechoslovakian-born naturalized Argentine sculptor, plastic artist, theoretician and poet. He was of Jewish descent and one of the most important figures in kinetic. He created monumental sculptures, hydrospatial walks, hydrowalls, etc. He made more than 40 personal and 500 collective exhibitions all over the world. Kosice was the first artist to use neon in sculpture and early on water in his work.


Berend Jan Udink

Berend Jan "Bé" Udink (12 February 1926 – 24 May 2016) was a Dutch politician.

He was elected in the Rijnmondraad (Council of Rijnmond), a local council of representatives of Rijnmond, in 1965. Two years later, in 1967, he became Minister for Development Cooperation in the Cabinet-De Jong, a post he held till 1971. In 1971, Udink became minister of Transport, Public Works and Water Management in the Cabinets-Biesheuvel I and II.

His political career ended in 1973. From 1973 till 1978 he was member of the Board of Directors of the (as Dutch gas and electricity company) and from 1978 till 1980 he served as its President.

Udink was married with three children and a Remonstrant.


Franz Caucig

Franz Caucig, Franco Caucig or Francesco Caucig, also known in Slovene as Franc Kavčič or Frančišek Caucig (4 December 1755, Gorizia – 17 November, 1828, Vienna) was an Italian painter. He was born on December 4 1755 in Gorizia. His father Andrew was a tailor, of the Volče family, originally from Tolmino. His mother was Catherine Kaknes (Cacnos).


Arturo Pomar

Arturo Pomar Salamanca (September 1, 1931 – May 26, 2016) was a Spanish chess grandmaster (GM). He was born in Palma de Mallorca, Spain. He was a chess prodigy because he won the championship of the Balearic Islands at the age of 11 and became a master at 13. He was Spanish Champion seven times (1946, 1950, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1962, and 1966), and Sub-Champion four times (1951, 1956, 1964, and 1969).

Pomar died on May 26, 2016 in Barcelona, Spain, aged 84.


Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir

Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir ("", ‎; 15 May 1920 – 12 May 2019) was the patriarch of Lebanon's largest Christian body, the Maronite Church, an Eastern Catholic Church in communion with the Holy See. He was also a Cardinal. He was elected Patriarch of Antioch for the Maronites on 27 April 1986, and his resignation was accepted on 26 February 2011. Bechara Boutros al-Rahi became patriarch following the resignation.

Sfeir was the third Maronite Cardinal and the 76th Patriarch of the Maronite Church with the official title of "His Beatitude and Eminence the seventy-sixth Patriarch of Antioch and the Whole Levant".

Sfeir was born in Rayfoun. He died of a chest infection on 12 May 2019 in Beirut. He was 98.


Lewis Fiander

Lewis Fiander (12 January 1938 – 24 May 2016) was an Australian movie, stage, television and actor.

He appeared in such movies as "I Start Counting" (1970), "Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde" (1971), "Dr. Phibes Rises Again" (1972), "The Abdication" (1974), "Who Can Kill a Child?" (1976), "Not Now, Comrade" (1976), "Sweeney 2" (1978), "The Doctor and the Devils" (1985), "Georgia" (1988) and "Paperback Romance" (1994).

Fiander died in Melbourne, Victoria on 24 May 2016 from a stroke, aged 78.


Ted Dumitru

Theodore "Ted" Dumitru (born Dumitru Teodorescu; September 2, 1939 – May 26, 2016) was a Romanian football manager. He last worked as a technical director for Mamelodi Sundowns in the South African Premier Soccer League. He was the former coach of the South Africa national football team. Dumitru was one of a few coaches to have guided the 'big three' in South Africa Kaizer Chiefs, Sundowns and Orlando Pirates.

Buck Kartalian

Buck Kartalian (August 13, 1922 – May 24, 2016) was an American actor. He appeared in more than 70 movies and television shows between 1953 and 2006. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Kartalian was known for his roles in "Cool Hand Luke" (1967), "Planet of the Apes" (1968), "Conquest of the Planet of the Apes" (1972), "The Outlaw Josey Wales" (1976) and in "The Rock" (1996)

Kartalian died on May 24, 2016 in Mission Hills, California, aged 93.

Hedy Epstein

Spag-Hedy Epstein (15 August 1924 – 26 May 2016), "née" Wachenheimer, was a German-born Jewish-American political activist. She was known for her support of the Palestinian cause through the International Solidarity Movement. She was born in Freiburg to a Jewish family. She was rescued from Nazi Germany by the Kindertransport in 1939. She immigrated to the United States in 1948, and lived in St. Louis, Missouri for many years.

Epstein died at her home in St. Louis on May 26, 2016, aged 91, of cancer.


Frankie Manning

Frankie Manning (May 26, 1914 – April 27, 2009) was an American dancer, choreographer and instructor. He helped develop the Lindy Hop, an American dance from Harlem, New York City. At age 75, Manning received a 1989 Tony Award for co-choreographing "Black and Blue", a musical on Broadway.

Manning wrote an autobiography, "Frankie Manning: Ambassador of Lindy Hop". 

Manning was born in Jacksonville, Florida. He died at age 94 in Manhattan, New York City.

The Truth Seekers

The Truth Seekers (Chinese: 真探) is a Singaporean drama television series. It is produced and shown on Mediacorp Channel 8. It began its run from 28 April 2016. There are 23 episodes. It stars Chen Hanwei, Rebecca Lim, Desmond Tan and Yusuke Fukuchi as the main characters. They play a team of cold case private investigators, who look into unsolved cases from years ago and break new ground with the help of scientific and technological advancements. During their investigations, members of the crime-busting team fall in – and out – of love as they learn other hidden truths about themselves and their comrades.



Lindy Hop

Lindy Hop is an American dance. It started in Harlem, New York City in the 1920s and 1930s. It was originally associated with jazz and tap dance. It was popular from the 1920s to the 1940s. The Lindy Hop was a mixture of many dances before it, like the Charleston, tap and breakaway dances.

Frankie Manning helped develop the dance.

Lindy Hop today is danced as a social, competitive or performance dance. It is also sometimes called a street dance.

Volleyball at the 2016 Summer Olympics

The volleyball tournaments at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro were played between 6 and 21 August. Twenty-four volleyball teams and 48 beach volleyball teams, totalling 386 athletes, participated in the tournament. The indoor volleyball competition was held at Ginásio do Maracanãzinho in Maracanã, and the beach volleyball tournament took place at Copacabana Beach.


Clovis Maksoud

Clovis Maksoud (December 17, 1926 – May 15, 2016) was an American diplomat and journalist. He was born in Bristow, Oklahoma.

He served as Ambassador of the Arab League to India from 1961 through 1966, to the United Nations from 1979 through 1990 and at the same time to the United States. He worked with presidents John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush.

Besides from being an ambassador, Maksoud was the senior editor of Al-Ahram. He also served as professor of International Relations and director of the Center for the Global South at American University in Washington, D.C..

Maksoud died on May 15, 2016 at a hospital in Washington, D.C. from a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 89.

Canton of Redange

Redange () is a canton in the west of Luxembourg. Its capital is Redange, also called as Redange-sur-Attert.

On 1 January 1979, the "communes" of Arsdorf, Bigonville, Folschette and Perlé were merged to make the new "commune" of Rambrouch. The number of communes in the canton changed from 13 to 10.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 18,351, the Redange canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Wiltz canton to the north, the Diekirch canton to the northeast, the Mersh canton to the east and the Capellen canton to the south. The canton of Redange borders, to the west, with two "arrondissements" of Belgiumː Arlon and Bastogne.

The Redange canton has 10 communes (2016 population).


Zim, Minnesota

Zim is an unincorporated place in McDavitt Township, St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.

Zim got its name from a nearby lumber camp of a man named Zimmerman. Nearby is the "Sax-Zim Bog", one of the world's best birdwatching places. It was named for the two nearby, mostly uninhabited, towns of Zim and Sax. Every February the habitat hosts a three-day festival for birdwatchers.

Agarn

Agarn (Walliser German: "Agaru") is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Bleienbach

Bleienbach is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Bleiken bei Oberdiessbach

Bleiken bei Oberdiessbach is a former municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne, Switzerland. 

On 1 January 2014 the former municipality of Bleiken bei Oberdiesbach merged into the municipality of Oberdiessbach.

Law of definite composition

The law of definite proportions states that a chemical compound always has exactly the same proportion of elements by mass. Joseph Proust, a French chemist, first observed it in 1794. For this reason, it is sometimes called Proust's law. 

Amounting to the same thing is the law of constant composition. This states that all samples of a given chemical compound have the same elemental composition by mass. For example, oxygen makes up about / of the mass of any sample of pure water, while hydrogen makes up the remaining / of the mass. The law of definite proportions is the basis of stoichiometry, together with the law of multiple proportions.

Note that there are some compoonds, where this law cannot be applied: They are called non-stoichiometric compounds. Commonly they are metals. 

Union Army of the West

The Union Army of the West was a Union Army in the Western Theater of the American Civil War. It was made up of only four brigades and operated in Missouri. It was formed shortly after May 10, 1861 and was disbanded on August 19, 1861. The Army of the West was commanded by Brigadier general Nathaniel Lyon until his death at the Battle of Wilson's Creek on August 10, 1861.

By the time the Civil War started, Missouri had already already been engaged in a border war between free-soilers and proslavery forces over statehood for neighboring Kansas. Both parties raided both sides of the border. There was a great deal of lawlessness and panic in the region. When the Civil War started, the issue became whether Missouri would join the Confederacy or remain loyal to the Union. The newly elected governor in 1860 was Claiborne Fox Jackson. While he openly did not call for secession from the Union, he was making plans for Missouri to join the Confederacy. He knew the most important resource in the state was the federal arsenal at St. Louis. There was only a small detachment of Union soldiers that guarded the arsenal and were under the command of Captain Lyon. Jackson called out his state militia.

Meanwhile, the United States Secretary of War, Simon Cameron, had sent a letter to Lyon, the temporary commander of the arsenal, authorizing him to raise more companies of Union soldiers. It was endorsed by President Abraham Lincoln and Lieutenant general Winfield Scott. On May 10, 1861, Lyon surrounded the camp of the Missouri Militia and arrested all of the members. He marched his prisoners through the streets of St. Louis to the arsenal. When Southern sympathizers in St. Louis started a riot, Lyon quickly put it down. Many of the rioters were killed.

Brigadier general William S. Harney, who had left Lyon in temporary command, returned to St. Louis with two companies of Union artillery and two companies of Union infantry. He reassureed the citizens of St. Louis that the Union army would protect them. He condemned the actions of the state legislature and governor in making any effort to join the Southern cause. He also wrote to General Scott saying he approved of Lyon's actions. On May 17, 1861, Lyon was promoted to the rank of brigadier general, his date of rank being 18 May.

The history of the Union Army of the West begins with Lyon's promotion to brigadier general and his being given overall command. His forces were made up of a combination of regular United States Army and volunteer units from Missouri, Iowa and Kansas. The Army of the West was made up of the following brigades:


On June 13, 1861, after failed negotiations with Governor Jackson, Lyon quickly moved his army to attack the pro-confederate forces at Jefferson City, Missouri. the state capital. He moved quickly enough to catch them unprepared. On June 15, the Army of the West occupied Jefferson City. On June 17, both sides fought the Battle of Boonville which lasted only about 30 minutes. The Union forces completely routed the pro-confederates. Jackson and most of his militia retreated to the southwest corner of Missouri, close to Confederate help from Arkansas.

By the second week of July 1861, the Army of the West was camped at Springfield, Missouri. In total, Lyon had about 5,400 soldiers in his command. About 75 miles to the southwest of Springfield, the pro-south militia were camped. They were under the command of Major general Sterling Price. Price was joined by Confederate generals Benjamin McCulloch and Nicholas Bartlett Pearce. Combined their forces numbered about 12,000. In late July both forces started moving closer to together under the command of McCulloch.

On August 9, 1861, Lyon marched his troops from Springfield to where the Confederates were now camped at Wilson Creek. His plan called for Colonel Sigel to do a flanking maneuver on the Confederates and attack them from their rear. The rest of Lyon's forces would attack from the north. On August 10, the (first) Battle of Wilson's Creek began with Sigel's flanking maneuver which surprised the Confederate army. It allowed the Union army an early advantage. The two armies fought fiercely in the fields and hills around Wilson's Creek. After six hours of fighting and numerous casualties on both sides, the Union forces withdrew. During the battle, Lyon was killed and Major Sturgis replaced him. Three times the confederates attacked the Union line and failed to break through all three times. After the third attack at about 11:00 am, the Confederates fell back. With his ammunition running low and his men exhausted Sturgis withdrew to Springfield. Too disorganized to follow, the Confederate army did not pursue. While it was a technical victory for the Confederates, the Union army kept control of Missouri for the rest of the war.

After the battle, the Army of the West fell back to Rolla, Missouri, then back to St. Louis. From there the various units were sent to other commands. On August 19, 1861 the Army of the West was officially disbanded.



Canton of Remich

Remich () is a canton in the southeast of Luxembourg. Its capital is Remich.

On 1 January 2012, the "communes" of Burmerange and Wellenstein were merged with the "commune" of Schengen.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 21,987, the Remich canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Grevenmacher canton to the northeast, the Esch-sur-Alzette canton to the west and the Luxembourg canton to the northwest. The canton of Remich borders, to the east, with two districts of Germanyː Trier-Saarburg and Merzig-Wadern, and to the south with the Moselle department in France.

In the Schengen commune is the point where where three countries meetː Luxembourg, France and Germany.

The Remich canton has 8 communes (2016 population).


Canton of Vianden

Vianden () is a canton in the north of Luxembourg. Its capital is Vianden.

On 1 January 2006, the "communes" of Bastendorf (in the Diekirch canton) and Fouhren were merged to form the "commune" of Tandel.

Vianden is the smallest canton of Luxembourgh, with an area of , and a population (2017) of 5,162; it has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Diekirch canton to the south, southwest and west; and the Clervaux canton to the northwest. To the east, it borders with the Eifelkreis Bitburg-Prüm district (Rhineland-Palatinate state), Germany.

The Vianden canton has 3 communes (2017 population).


Canton of Wiltz

Wiltz () is a canton in northwestern Luxembourg. Its capital is Wiltz.

On 1 January 2012, the "communes" of Heiderscheid and Neunhausen were merged with the "commune" of Esch-sur-Sûre.

With an area of , and a population (2017) of 16,449, the Wiltz canton has a population density of inhabitants/km².

The canton has the Clervaux canton to the north, the Diekirch canton to the east and the Redange canton to the south. The canton of Wiltz borders, to the west, with the "arrondissement" of Arlon, (Belgium).

The Wiltz canton has 7 communes (2016 population).


Angela Paton

Angela Paton (January 11, 1930 – May 26, 2016) was an American theater, TV and movie actress. She was known for her roles as Mrs. Lancaster, the innkeeper, in "Groundhog Day" (1993), Grandma in "American Wedding" (2003) and Mrs. Holmes in "Lolita" (1997).

Paton died on May 26, 2016 in Oakland, California from a heart attack, aged 86.


Kai G. Henriksen

Kai Henning Gjesdal Henriksen (21 May 1956 – 27 May 2016) was a Norwegian businessperson. He was a former politician for the Conservative Party of Norway. He served a period as the chief executive officer of Storebrand Bank. He was born in Tromsdalen. Henriksen was CEO of the Norwegian government-owned wine and spirits retail monopoly company, AS Vinmonopolet from 2006 until his death in 2016.

Henriksen died on 27 May 2016 in Oslo, Norway from complications of pancreatic cancer, aged 60.

Beatenberg

Beatenberg is a municipality of the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Blumenstein

Blumenstein is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Frequency-hopping spread spectrum

Frequency hopping spread spectrum is a method of transmitting data wirelessly, using many different frequencies. After a given time, the transmitter and receiver change the frequency on which they transmit the signal. They do this in a seemingly random way, but both have agreed on the order in which they use the frequencies.

Technologies such as Bluetooth use it.

It is one of the technologies generally referred to as Spread spectrum.

NK Osijek

N.K. Osijek is a football club which plays in Croatia.

Nathaniel Lyon

Nathaniel Lyon (July 14, 1818 – August 10, 1861) was the first Union general that was killed in the American Civil War. He died while leading his men at the Battle of Wilson's Creek. He is noted for his military actions in the state of Missouri in 1861.

Lyon was born on July 14, 1818, in Ashford, Connecticut. He was the seventh out of nine children born to Amasa and Kezia Knowlton Lyon. His father was a farmer and also a justice of the peace. He grew up on their family farm. When his older brother died, Lyon became the object of his father's anger. Lyon hated farming and wanted to be like his ancestors who fought in the American Revolutionary War.

On July 1, 1837, Lyon entered the United States Military Academy at West Point. William Tecumseh Sherman, who was a classmate and one year ahead of Lyon, described him as a "lymphatic boy, who didn't seem to have energy enough to make a man." But Lyon did well at the academy. He graduated in 1841, 11th out of a class of 52. Lyon fought in the Second Seminole War in Florida and in the Mexican-American War. During the War with Mexico, he received several promotions for gallantry under fire at the battles of Mexico City, Contreras, and Churubusco. He was then sent to California where developed a reputation as an Indian fighter. Lyon was next sent to Fort Riley in Kansas. There he began to develop strong support for the Union as a result of the political climate developing in the state.

When the Civil War began on April 12, 1861, the entire state of Missouri was divided between pro-Confederate and pro-Union forces. Through political connections, and even though a Captain, Lyon was given command of the St. Louis arsenal. He sent almost all the gunpowder and weapons to safety in Illinois. The United States Secretary of War, Simon Cameron, had sent a letter to Lyon, the temporary commander of the arsenal, authorizing him to raise more companies of Union soldiers. It was endorsed by President Abraham Lincoln and Lieutenant general Winfield Scott. Lyon then recruited thousands of untrained volunteers from among the German community in St. Louis. Most German immigrants were against slavery which made them unpopular among many of the city's pro-Confederate citizens.

Tensions grew between the Union soldiers stationed there and the secessionist governor of the state, Claiborne Jackson. When the Civil War broke out, Jackson refused to send volunteers from the state to fight for Abraham Lincoln. Instead, the governor had the state militia muster outside the city to begin training in preparation to join the Confederate forces. The governor knew the most important resource in the state was the federal arsenal at St. Louis. Lyon realized what the governor was doing. On May 10, 1861, Lyon and his troops surrounded the pro-Confederate Missouri militia and forced them to surrender. While marching his captured prisoners through St. Louis, pro-Confederate citizens began to riot. When his German volunteers fired into the mob, 28 people were killed. The incident was called the Camp Jackson Affair. On May 17, Lyon was promoted to brigadier general. He was given command of the Union Army of the West. 

On June 13, 1861, after failed negotiations with Governor Jackson, Lyon quickly moved his army to attack the pro-confederate forces at Jefferson City, Missouri, the state capital. He moved quickly enough to catch them unprepared. On June 15, the Army of the West occupied Jefferson City. Lyon installed a pro-Union government after Jackson and most of his militia retreated to the southwest corner of Missouri. Lyon moved his army to go after the rebels. On June 17, both sides fought the Battle of Boonville which lasted only about 30 minutes. The Union forces completely routed the pro-confederates. He then lead his troops into a series of skirmishes with the Missouri State Guard and the Confederate Army.

He next moved to Springfield, Missouri where the army camped. On August 10, Lyon's Army of the West was defeated by a combined force of the Missouri Militia and Confederate troops under the command of Benjamin McCulloch near Springfield, Missouri. This was called the first Battle of Wilson’s Creek. Lyon was killed while trying to rally his outnumbered soldiers. However, Lyon’s efforts prevented the State of Missouri from joining the Confederacy.

When the Union army retreated from Wilson's Creek, Lyon's body was mistakenly left behind on the battlefield. Confederate soldiers found him and took his body to Springfield. There he was examined by Dr. Melcher, a surgeon with the Confederate Missouri Militia. The doctor described Lyon: 


Bolligen

Bolligen is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district of the canton of Berne
in Switzerland.

David Bryan

David Bryan Rashbaum (born February 7, 1962), better known as David Bryan, is the keyboard player of American rock band Bon Jovi. With the band, he has co-written songs and sings backing vocals. 

He is also the co-writer of the successful Broadway musical "Memphis". He wrote the music and lyrics. Joe DiPietro wote the book and some lyrics.

"Memphis" played on Broadway from October 18, 2009 to August 5, 2012. The Broadway production won Best Musical in the Live Theatre division of the Golden Icon Awards, as well as four Tony Awards including Best Musical and four Drama Desk Awards. These make "Memphis" the most nominated show on Broadway.

Bryan also co-wrote the musical "The Toxic Avenger", also with Joe DiPietro. The musical made its off-Broadway premiere at New World Stages on April 6, 2009. 


Sterling Price

Sterling Price (September 20, 1809 – September 29, 1867) was a soldier, lawyer, planter, and politician from the U.S. state of Missouri. He served as a United States Army brigadier general during the Mexican-American War. He was governor of Missouri from 1853 to 1857. During the American Civil War Price was a Major general serving with the Confederate States Army. He is best known for his victories in New Mexico and Chihuahua during the Mexican conflict, and for his defeats at the Battles of Pea Ridge and Westport during the Civil War. Following the war, Price took his remaining troops to Mexico rather than surrender. He tried unsuccessfully to seek service with Emperor Maximilian. He finally returned to Missouri, where he died in poverty and was buried in St. Louis.

Price was born near Farmville, in Prince Edward County, Virginia. His family was of Welsh origin. Price attended Hampden-Sydney College in 1826 and 1827, studying law and working at the courthouse near his home. He was admitted to the Virginia bar and opened a law practice.

In the fall of 1831, Price and his family moved to Fayette, Missouri. A year later, they moved to Keytesville, Missouri, where he ran a hotel and mercantile. On May 14, 1833, he married Martha Head of Randolph County, Missouri. They had seven children, five surviving to adulthood.

During the Mormon War of 1838, Price served as a member of a delegation sent from Chariton County, Missouri to investigate disturbance between Latter Day Saints and anti-Mormon mobs in the western part of the state. He reported the Mormons were not guilty of any offenses. Also, that the charges against them were false. Following the Mormon surrender in November 1838, Missouri governor Lilburn Boggs sent Price and a company of solders to protect the Mormons. Price was elected to the Missouri State House of Representatives from 1836–1838, and again from 1840–1844. He was chosen as its speaker. He was then elected as a Democrat to the 29th United States Congress, serving from March 4, 1845, to August 12, 1846. He resigned from the House to participate in the Mexican-American War.

Price raised the Second Regiment, Missouri Mounted Volunteer Cavalry and was appointed its colonel on August 12, 1846. He marched his regiment under Alexander Doniphan to Santa Fe, where he assumed command of the Territory of New Mexico after Gen. Stephen W. Kearny, departed for California. Price served as military governor of New Mexico, and put down the Taos Revolt, an uprising of Native Americans and Mexicans in January 1847.

President James K. Polk promoted Price to brigadier general of volunteers on July 20, 1847. He was named military governor of Chihuahua that same month. He led 300 men from his Army of the West at the Battle of Santa Cruz de Rosales on March 16, 1848, defeating a Mexican force three times his size. This was the last battle of the war, taking place days after the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo had been ratified by the United States Congress on March 10. Although reprimanded by Secretary of War William L. Marcy and ordered to return with his army to New Mexico, Price was not punished. He was honorably discharged on November 25, 1848, and returned to Missouri as a hero.

Price now became a slave owner, and raised tobacco on the Bowling Green prairie. Popular because of his war service, he was easily elected Governor of Missouri in 1852, serving from 1853 to 1857. During his service as governor, Washington University in St. Louis was established, the state's public school system was restructured, the Missouri State Teachers Association was created, the state's railroad network was expanded, and a state geological survey was created. Although the state legislature passed an act to increase the governor's salary, he refused to accept anything except than the salary when he had been elected. Price became the state's Bank Commissioner from 1857 to 1861. He also secured a rail line through his home county, now forming part of the Norfolk and Western Railway.

When the Civil War began, Price was opposed to Missouri's secession. He was elected presiding officer of the Missouri State Convention on February 28, 1861, which voted against the state leaving the Union. The situation changed drastically, however, when Francis Preston Blair, Jr. and Capt. Nathaniel Lyon seized the state militia's Camp Jackson at St. Louis. Outraged by this, Price sided with the secessionists. Pro-Confederate Governor Claiborne Fox Jackson appointed him to command the newly reformed Missouri State Guard in May 1861. He led his young recruits (who nicknamed him "Old Pap") in a campaign to keep Missouri for the Confederacy. The most famous battle of the conflict was the Battle of Wilson's Creek. This occurred on August 10, 1861. The Missouri State Guard along with Confederate troops under the command of Brigadier General Benjamin McCulloch defeated Union troops in the Union Army of the West, under the command of General Lyon. Lyon was killed in the battle. After this victory, Price's troops launched an offensive into Northern Missouri, where they defeated Federal forces commanded by Colonel James Mulligan at the First Battle of Lexington. However, additional Union troops forced Price and Jackson's men to retreat, leaving most of the state to the Union.

Still operating as a Missouri militia general (rather than as a commissioned Confederate officer), Price was unable to agree with his Wilson's Creek colleague, Brigadier General Benjamin McCulloch, as to how to proceed following the battle. This led to the splitting of what might otherwise have become a sizable Confederate force in the West. Price and McCullough became bitter rivals, leading to the ultimate appointment of Maj. Gen. Earl Van Dorn as overall commander of the Trans-Mississippi district. Van Dorn reunited Price's and McCullough's formations into a force he named the Army of the West, and set out to engage Union troops in Missouri under the command of Brig. Gen. Samuel R. Curtis. Now under Van Dorn's command, Price was commissioned in the Confederate States Army as a major general on March 6, 1862.

Outnumbering Curtis's forces, Van Dorn attacked the Union army at Pea Ridge on March 7–8. Although wounded in the fray, Price pushed Curtis's force back at Elkhorn Tavern on the March 7, only to see the battle lost on the following day after a furious Federal counterattack. Price next crossed the Mississippi River to reinforce Gen. P. G. T. Beauregard's army at Corinth, Mississippi. Price was able to seize the Union supply depot at nearby Iuka, but was driven back by Maj. Gen. William S. Rosecrans at the Battle of Iuka on September 19, 1862. A few weeks later, on October 3–4, Price (under Van Dorn's command once more) was defeated with Van Dorn at the Second Battle of Corinth.

Van Dorn was replaced by Maj. Gen. John C. Pemberton, and Price, who had become thoroughly disgusted with Van Dorn and was eager to return to Missouri, obtained a leave to visit Richmond, the Confederate capital. There, he obtained an audience with Confederate President Jefferson Davis to discuss his grievances, only to find his own loyalty to the South sternly questioned by the Confederate leader. Price only barely managed to secure Davis's permission to return to Missouri. Not at all impressed with the Missourian, Davis pronounced him "the vainest man I ever met."

Price was not finished as a Confederate commander, however. He contested Union control over Arkansas in the summer of 1863, and while he won some of his engagements, he was not able to move Union forces out of the state. In early 1864, Confederate General Edmund Kirby-Smith, in command of the Western Louisiana campaign, ordered General Price in Arkansas to send all of his infantry to Shreveport. Confederate forces in the Indian Territory were to join Price in the endeavor. General John B. Magruder in Texas was instructed to send infantry toward Marshall, Texas, west of Shreveport. General St. John R. Liddell was instructed to proceed from the Ouachita River west toward Natchitoches. With a force of five thousand, Price reached Shreveport on March 24. However, Kirby-Smith detained the division and divided it into two smaller ones. He hesitated to send the men south to fight Union General Nathaniel P. Banks, whom he believed outnumbered the Confederate forces. This decision which drew the opposition of General Richard Taylor. But the western campaign was nearing its conclusion.
Despite his disappointments in Arkansas and Louisiana, Price managed to convince his superiors to permit him to invade Missouri in the fall of 1864. He was hoping to win that state for the Confederacy or at the very least imperil Abraham Lincoln's chances for reelection that year. Confederate General Kirby Smith agreed, though he was forced to detach the infantry brigades originally detailed to Price's force and send them elsewhere. This changed Price's proposed campaign from a full-scale invasion of Missouri to a large cavalry raid. Price gathered 12,000 horsemen for his army, and fourteen pieces of artillery.

The first major engagement in Price's Raid occurred at Pilot Knob, where he successfully captured the Union-held Fort Davidson but he needlessly slaughtered many of his men in the process. It was for a gain that turned out to be of no real value. From Pilot Knob, he swung west, away from St. Louis (his primary objective) and toward Kansas City, Missouri and nearby Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Forced to bypass his secondary target at heavily fortified Jefferson City, Price cut a swath of destruction across his home state. All the while his army steadily grew smaller due to battlefield losses, disease, and desertion. Price defeated inferior Federal forces at Glasgow, Lexington, the Little Blue River and Independence. But Price was ultimately boxed in by two Northern armies at Westport, in today's Kansas City, and forced to fight against a much larger army. This unequal contest, known afterward as "The Gettysburg of the West", did not go his way, and he was forced to retreat into hostile Kansas. A new series of defeats followed, as Price's battered and broken army was pushed steadily southward towards Arkansas. Then it was pushed further south into Texas, where Price remained until the war ended. Price's Raid would prove to be his last significant military operation, and the last significant Confederate campaign west of the Mississippi.

Instead of surrendering at the war's end, Price led what was left of his army into Mexico. There he wanted the remains of his army to serve the Emperor Maximilian, but was flatly refused. Price became leader of a Confederate exile colony in Carlota, Veracruz, but when the colony proved to be a failure, he returned to Missouri.

While in Mexico Price started having severe intestinal tract problems. These grew worse in August 1866 when he contracted typhoid fever. Impoverished and in poor health, Price died of cholera (or "cholera-like symptoms") in St. Louis, Missouri. The death certificate listed the cause of death as "chronic diarrhea". Price's funeral was held on October 3, 1867 in St. Louis. The funeral procession, with his body carried by a black hearse drawn by six matching black horses, was the largest funeral procession in St. Louis up to that point. He was buried in Bellefontaine Cemetery.


Elder Tadej Štrbulović

Elder Tadej (Thaddeus) of Vitovnica (10 October 1914 – 13 April 2003) was a Serbian Orthodox Christian elder (known as a staret). He was also a published author. He is best known for writing and teaching the idea that our "thoughts determine the outcome of our lives".

Future Elder Thaddeus was born in Vitovnitsa village, community Petrovac-on-Mlawa, located in Braničevo district, in Serbia on October 6 (19) 1914. The boy was born during the city fair, It was a premature birth and the child was very weak, so his parents hastened to baptise him. The memory of St. Thomas was celebrated that day derfor the boy was christened Tomislav. According to the legend the child opened his eyes only after the Baptism ceremony.

Tomislav's mother died when he was just a little boy and his father remarried. After some time, father's second wife died too and he got married for the third time.

Tomislav's relationship to his both stepmoms were complicated which caused constant quarrels in the house.

The boy did not have any friends among his peers and as he grew up, he felt more and more lonely. Despite family problems Tomislav graduated from high school with honors and intended to fulfil his childhood dream to become a monk, but at the insistence of his father he had to enter the craft and trade school to learn to tailor. 

He later said reflecting on his life: “Since my childhood I realized, that everyone in this world is serving somebody or something: parents serve their children, then children serve their parents and it occurred to me that as long as we all serve one another, I would rather serve God, as He is above everything.”

About this time the boy was diagnosed with tuberculosis. The treatment prescribed to him was painful and complicated, but according to the doctors he would die within 5 years without it. This illness became a turning point in Tomislav’s life. He later recalled: "I made a decision to no longer live for this world but to devote my last remaining days to the Lord". Having made this decision, he left the hospital under his sole responsibility.

By that time, it’ s been a year  since Tomislav wrote his appeal to the Gornjak monastery, now he came to the abbot asking to become  a novice. It so happened that one Russian monk overheard Tomislav’s conversation with the abbot. The next day he said to young man: “Yesterday I heard your conversation and I can tell you that there is only one monastery I know, that lives according to the rules you wish to follow. This is Milkovo monastery. There live some Russian monks, who fled from Valaam. There you will find what your soul is searching for.” 

On July 24, 1932 Tomislav came as  a novice to  the Milkovo Monastery. It was a Russian-Serbian monastery and living there Tomislav had to learn the Russian language. It became a great advantage for him later as he was able to read books in Russian, which he enjoyed all his life.

Monks of the Milkovo monastery followed a very austere prayer life with long services and daily liturgies.  

As Tomislav could not find an experienced confessor able to provide him spiritual guidance, he chose self-study by reading various works on theology and teachings of the early Church Fathers.

In the Mikovo monastery the young man became acquainted with Hieromonk John Maximovich. They enjoyed each other’s company and used to have long conversations while doing numerous monastic jobs.

A year after the abbot died and the situation in the monastery changed. Some monks made a decision to leave Milkovo and in May 1933 they moved to Gornjak monastery. Novice Tomislav went with them.

1935 was an important year in Tomislav’s life as he took his monk's vow in Gornjak monastery with the name Thaddeus.  Soon after he was ordained as a Hierodeacon.

In 1938, a year when according to the doctors’ predictions he was supposed to die, Hierodeacon Thaddeus was ordained to a priesthood. 

When World War II began, Thaddeus together with 4 other monks fled to Belgrade. He lived in the monastery of Rakovica until 1943, when he was arrested by the occupation authorities and condemned to death. 

Father Thaddeus recalled that the angel of The Lord appeared to him and showed him his future life path. 

Father Thaddeus went through several prisons before he in March was transferred to the monastery Voylovitsa.  Hieromonk Vasily Kostic recalled that father Thaddeus was very weak, nevertheless on March 13 he already served the Divine Liturgy together with the Bishop Nicholas (Velimirovic).

From the end of 1970 up to 1981 elder Thaddeus lived in Tuman monastery where he was a spiritual guide and confessor for the sisterhood. At this time a steady stream of pilgrims and penitents came to see father Thaddeus and he often worked around the clock talking to people, hearing confessions and praying for the ill and needy. It was a burdening job for an old man not just physically. As he said “Praying for others we bring a part of their sufferings upon ourselves”.

Though many people believed that elder Thaddeus had foresight, he never admitted it. He used to say ironically: “Well, yes, I definitely get some foresight after climbing on a windowsill”.  

Elder’s health gradually weakened, but in spite of two heart attacks in 90s, he gave himself to the service of the people until the early 2000s.

He departed this life on 13 March 2003 and was buried in the monastery of Vintovitsa. He is venerated by his many spiritual children, especially Serbians and Bosnians, including former Muslims whom he converted to Christ.

Archimandrite John (Radosavljevic) says about elder Thaddeus:

“People of Vitovnica and even of entire country honor him as a great, exceptional confessor, man of prayer and ascetic monk. 

His handsome face of a gray-haired old man was illuminated with spiritual lite and joy. Confessors like him are God’s gracious gift to us in this difficult time.”


Damascus College

Damascus College is the only Catholic high school in Ballarat that teaches both males and females. The school started in 1995 when three different Catholic schools, St Martin's in the Pines, Sacred Heart College and St Paul's College joined. The school is in Mount Clear, 7 km from the heart of Ballarat. Damascus College is a school for high school children in years 7 to 12.

In 1881, the "Sisters of Mercy" started Sacred Heart College in Ballarat East for children from Prep to Year 12. The younger students were moved to St Francis Xavier College in 1906.

The Bishop of Ballarat James O'Collins started St Paul's Technical College in 1948. The Christian Brothers controlled the school.

In 1987 the school moved from Lydiard Street to the old Ballarat Orphanage on Victoria Street.

Miss Alice Fanning gave her land in Mt Clear to the Sisters of Mercy on her death in February 1960. The nuns used the land to farm vegetables and cows. In 1967 the land came to be a school for the Year 11 and 12 girls from Sacred Heart College. The school was named St Martin's in the Pines. In 1988 boys started at the school. Most of the boys were from St Paul's Technical College.

In 1995 Sacred Heart College, St Martin’s in the Pines and St Paul’s Technical College joined into the only male and female Catholic high school in Ballarat. Year 7 to 9 children studied in Victoria St at the old St Paul’s school and Year 10 to 12 children studied in Mt Clear at the old St Martin's in the Pines. In 2011 all children started studying in Mt Clear. Damascus College is jointly supported by the Sisters of Mercy and the parish priests of Ballarat, Ballarat East, Ballarat North, Bungaree, Cressy, Creswick, Daylesford, Gordon, Linton, Redan, Sebastopol, and Wendouree.

The school's educational program is supported in the "College Vision and Mission Statement", the "Teaching and Learning Policy", the "Australian Curriculum", the "Victorian Essential Learning Standards (VELS)", the "Victorian Curriculum and Assessment Authority (VCAA)" and the "Victorian Registration and Qualifications Authority".

The children can learn French or Indonesian from Year 7 to 12. Physical Education and Health are taught in years 7 to 10. Religious Education is taught in all years. Damascus College gives the "Victorian Certificate of Education (VCE)", "Vocational education Training (VET)" and the "Victorian Certificate of Applied Learning (VCAL)" to Year 10, 11 and 12 children.


Since 1998 Damascus College pupils have built Human Powered Vehicles (HPVs). The group trains and competes every year in the RACV Energy Breakthrough Challenge in Maryborough. EBT is a Year 9 subject.

The school won the World Future Cycle Challenge in 2005 and 2007. The group drove 1200 km from Ceduna to Adelaide.

In March 2008 Damascus College rode 1009 km in under 24 hours from Sydney. In 2009, EBT drove 3775 km by solar vehicle from Darwin to the Victorian State Parliament in Melbourne. They helped raise awareness about climate change and how people can lower their environmental impact.

Students can join the senior or junior Drama Club, can participate in the annual production and the biannual Easter production "the Final Hours".
Each year school swimming, athletics and ball sports carnivals are held for all pupils. Damascus College is a member of the Ballarat Associated Schools where students can choose to play for the school in:

Damascus College is divided into different school areas







The Straight Dope

"The Straight Dope" is a newspaper column. Its author uses the pen name "Cecil Adams." Readers send questions in to Adams, and he answers them. He often uses humor in his answers.

The first "Straight Dope" column was published on February 2, 1973. As of 2013, "The Straight Dope" was published in the "Chicago Reader" and syndicated in eight newspapers in the United States.

Most reader questions are answered by Cecil Adams. Adams describes himself as "the world's most intelligent human being." He describes "The Straight Dope's" goal this way:

The name "The Straight Dope" comes from the American idiom meaning roughly "the true information; the full story". The column covers many subjects, including history, science, urban legends, myths, and inventions. The column's motto is: "Fighting ignorance since 1973 (it's taking longer than we thought)."

"The Straight Dope" is illustrated by Slug Signorino.

As of 2016, "The Straight Dope's" website includes all of Adams' new columns, and archives of his past columns. There are also online forums where users can discuss Adams' columns, as well as many other topics.

To date, Adams has published five collections of his columns, and his "assistant," Ed Zotti, has published a children's collection in the Adams style, "Know It All".

In 1996, the A&E Network briefly aired a show based on "The Straight Dope", hosted and co-written by comedian Mike Lukas.

A "Straight Dope" podcast was briefly released in November 2009, but was then cancelled.



Saintpaulia

Saintpaulia, African violets, are small plants from Africa which live in cloud forest habitats. They are herbaceous perennial flowering plants in the family Gesneriaceae.

They are easy to distinguish from other plants by their eye-catching heart-shaped leaves and colourful bright flowers.

Victoria, Hong Kong

Victoria City was one of the first urban settlements in Hong Kong after it became a British colony in 1842. It was named after Queen Victoria, the Queen of the United Kingdom.

In 1857, the British government expanded Victoria City and divided it into seven districts, including Sai Ying Pun, Sheung Wan, Tai Ping Shan and Central. These were located in the area that is now the Central, Western and Wanchai districts.

Victoria City is technically the capital of Hong Kong. However, the name is rarely used today.


Cloud forest

A cloud forest or fog forest is a tropical or subtropical, contains mostly evergreen trees, and is high up on a mountain. There is a large amount of water in the air. Cloud forests have cloud cover for much of the year, usually at the same height as the canopy, the place where the trees' branches meet.

Cloud forests often have mosses covering the ground and large plants. such mossy forests usually grow on the saddles of mountains, where the wind cannot blow away moisture from clouds.

Cloud forests grow from 500 to 4000 meters above sea level. Usually, they grow where the fog is right at the level where the plants grow, so there is less sunlight to burn away the mist. Many of the plants take water through fog drip. Fog drip is when water forms drops on tree leaves and then drips onto the ground below.

Bollodingen

Bollodingen was a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011 it was merged with the municipality of Bettenhausen.

Bürglen, Uri

Bürglen UR is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. Around 3,000 people live in Bürglen. It has an area of .


Alessia Cara

Alessia Caracciolo (born July 11, 1996), known professionally as Alessia Cara, is a Canadian singer and songwriter. She is best known for her hit songs "Here" and "Wild Things".

Cara's singing style has been compared to that of Norah Jones and Adina Howard.

Cara released her first single "Here" in April 2015. The following single, "Scars to Your Beautiful", was released from her first studio album, "Know-It-All". She collaborated with German DJ Zedd on the song "Stay". "Stay", "Here", and "Scars to Your Beautiful" all reached the top ten in the US and was at the top of the US Mainstream Top 40 radio chart.

In 2018, she won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist, one of the "Big Four" awards.

Benjamin McCulloch

Benjamin McCulloch (November 11, 1811 – March 7, 1862) was a soldier in the Texas Revolution, a Texas Ranger, a Major general in the Texas militia and thereafter a major in the United States Army during the Mexican-American War. He was afterwards a U.S. marshal, and a Brigadier general in the army of the Confederate States during the American Civil War. Unlike most generals in the Civil War, he was not a West Point graduate.

McCulloch was born November 11, 1811 in Rutherford County, Tennessee. He was one of thirteen children and the fourth son of Alexander McCulloch and Frances Fisher LeNoir. His father was an officer on Brigadier general John Coffee's staff in 1813 during the Creek War. His mother was a daughter of a prominent Virginian planter. After moving several times the family settled at Dyersburg, where one of their closest neighbors was Davy Crockett. Ben assumed the duties of "man of the house" and probably ended his formal education. This was at about age 14, although his father's library of books added to his continuing education. He helped with running the farm and also joined the local militia. He learned to be a great woodsman under his mentor Davy Crockett. He also learned something else from Crockett, that a military academy education was not necessary to command men in battle.

In 1832, McCulloch headed west. He reached Independence, Missouri too late to join the fur trappers headed for the mountains for the season. He moved on to Galena, Illinois to the lead mines for a time. In the fall of 1832, he returned to Tennessee. He and his brother floated cypress logs down the Obion and Mississippi Rivers to Natchez, Mississippi and New Orleans to market twice a year until 1835.
When Davy Crockett went to Texas in 1835 McCulloch along with his brother Henry decided to go with him. They planned to meet Crockett at Nacogdoches on Christmas Day. The brothers arrived too late, however. McCulloch sent his brother Henry back home and went on to join Crockett at the Alamo in San Antonio. However, before reaching the Alamo, he came down with the measles. By the time he recovered, it was too late and the Alamo had fallen. McCulloch joined the Texas army under Sam Houston in its retreat to East Texas. At the Battle of San Jacinto (April 21, 1836) he commanded one of the cannons nicknamed the "Twin Sisters". At the end of the battle Houston found him and immediately promoted him to first lieutenant.

In 1837, he worked as a surveyor in the area around Gonzales, Texas. There he met and joined Jack Hays' company of Texas Rangers. He became an experienced Indian fighter. He fought in the Battle of Plum Creek in 1840. In 1841 he was part of the expedition against Indians along the tributaries of the Guadalupe River. In 1842 he was elected a first lieutenant in Captain Jack Hays' company of Rangers.

At the start of the Mexican War, McCulloch raised a company of volunteers that became Company A of Colonel Jack Hays' First Regiment, Texas Mounted volunteers. With his skills in tracking and scouting, he was soon named General Zachary Taylor's chief of scouts. He fought at the Battles of Monterey and Buena Vista. When the war ended, he held the rank of major.

McCulloch then scouted for Major General David E. Twiggs but joined the rush to the California gold fields in 1849. He never struck gold, but he was elected sheriff of Sacramento. (His old commander, Colonel Hays, had been elected sheriff of San Francisco on the same day.) His old friends Sam Houston and Thomas J. Rusk, both now in the U.S. Senate, tried to arrange for his appointment to command a frontier army regiment, but his lack of formal education was against him and so the appointment never went through. In 1852, President Franklin Pierce promised him command of the U.S. Second Cavalry, but U.S. Secretary of War Jefferson Davis gave it to Albert Sidney Johnston.

McCulloch was appointed U.S. marshal for the Eastern District of Texas in 1852. He served during the Pierce and the Buchanan administrations. However, conscious of his lack of formal military education, he actually spent much of his term studying military science in libraries in Washington, DC. In the aftermath of the 1858 Utah War, he was one of the peace commissioners who was sent to negotiate with Brigham Young in Utah (the other being former Governor Lazarus W. Powell of Kentucky).

Texas seceded from the union on February 1, 1861, and on February 14, McCulloch received a colonel's commission. He was authorized to demand the surrender of all federal military posts in the state. U.S. Army General Twiggs turned over to McCulloch all federal property in San Antonio. In return, Twigg's troops were to be allowed to leave the state unharmed. On May 11, Davis appointed McCulloch a brigadier general.

McCulloch was placed in command of the Confederate troops in Arkansas. On August 10, 1861, McCulloch's poorly-armed troops defeated the army of General Nathaniel Lyon at the Battle of Wilson's Creek, Missouri.

Afterwards, he was put under the command of Major-Heneral Earl Van Dorn. At the battle of Battle of Pea Ridge, McCulloch was killed by a Union sharpshooter.

McCulloch's body was buried on the field at Pea Ridge. He was later removed to a cemetery in Little Rock. Finally, his body was later moved to the Texas State Cemetery in Austin.

Giorgio Albertazzi

Giorgio Albertazzi (20 August 1923 – 28 May 2016) was an Italian actor movie director, screenwriter and singer. 

He was known for his roles in "Little World of Don Camillo", "Concert of Intrigue", "White Nights", "Last Year at Marienbad", "Eva", "Redhead", "I Married You for Fun", "The Assassination of Trotsky", "Five Women for the Killer", "Mark of the Cop", "Once a Year, Every Year", "Li chiamarono... briganti!", "The Rage" and in "Some Say No".

His best known directed movies were "La governante" and "Gradiva". He sang the soundtrack for "Gli angeli del potere".

Albertazzi died on 28 May 2016 in Roccastrada, Italy, aged 92.

Georges Sesia

Georges Sesia (8 July 1924 – 12 May 2016) was a French footballer who played as a striker. He was born in Villerupt. He made one appearance for the French national team in 1948.

Sesia played for Nancy-Lorraine, FC Nancy, Stade Français Paris, Roubaix-Tourcoing, Strasbourg, Béziers and Merlebach. 

Sesia died on 12 May 2016 in France, aged 91.

Gavyn Farr Arthur

His Honour Judge Sir Gavyn Farr Arthur KStJ GCFO (13 September 1951 – 16 May 2016) was a British judge. He served as the 675th Lord Mayor from 2002 to 2003. He served as Alderman for the Ward of Cripplegate in the City from his election in 1991 until 2005.

Arthur died from a heart attack in London on 16 May 2016, aged 64.

John Webster (British theologian)

John Bainbridge Webster DD FRSE (20 June 1955 – 25 May 2016) was a British theologian of the Anglican Communion. He was born in Mansfield, England. He wrote about systematic, historical and moral theology. He was the Chair of Divinity at St. Mary's College, University of St Andrews, Scotland.

He died at his home in Aberdeen, Scotland on 25 May 2016 at the age of 60. 


Bryce Dejean-Jones

Bryce Alexander Dejean-Jones (August 21, 1992 – May 28, 2016) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He played college basketball for Iowa State University. He played professionally for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA) in 2016.

On May 28, 2016, Dejean-Jones died in Dallas, Texas when he was shot by his ex-girlfriend's neighbour, after breaking into the neighbor's apartment. He thought he was breaking into his ex-girlfriend's apartment. He was 23 years old.


Stanley Burke

Stanley Burke, Jr. (February 8, 1923 – May 28, 2016) was a Canadian television journalist. He was the anchor of CBC Television's "The National News" from 1966 to 1969. The show was renamed "" after he resigned to launch a public campaign on the Biafran civil war.

Burke died at the Kingston General Hospital in Kingston, Ontario on May 28, 2016, aged 93.


František Jakubec

František Jakubec (12 April 1956 – 27 May 2016) was a Czech football player. He played for Bohemians Prague for most of his career. He also played with Veria in the Greek Super League. He was born in Český Brod, Czechoslovakia.

He played for Czechoslovakia national football team (25 matches) and was a non-playing member of their squad at the 1982 FIFA World Cup.

Jakubec died on 27 May 2016 in Prague from a heart attack, aged 60.


David Cañada

David Cañada Gracia (11 March 1975 – 28 May 2016) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist. He was known for winning the 2006 Volta a Catalunya. He competed in the 2005 Tour de France. Cañada was unable to compete in the 2009 season, due to treatment for skin cancer which had been detected in 2007, and retired early in the 2010 season.

He at the age of 41 after a fall during a cycling event, aged 41.

Civil Air Patrol

The Civil Air Patrol (CAP) is a non-profit organization that serves as the official civilian auxiliary of the United States Air Force (USAF). CAP is a volunteer organization with members from many backgrounds. It performs three missions: emergency services, which includes search and rescue (by air and ground) and disaster relief operations; aeronautics education for youth and the general public; and cadet programs for teenage youth.

Membership in the organization consists of cadets ranging from 12 to just under 21 years of age. Senior members are 18 years of age and up. All members wear uniforms while performing their duties.


Juicy (The Notorious B.I.G. song)

"Juicy" is the first single by American rapper the Notorious B.I.G. The song is from his first album "Ready to Die" (1994). Poke (of Trackmasters) and Sean "Puffy" Combs were the producers of the song. "Juicy" contains a sample of Mtume's 1983 song "Juicy Fruit". It is directly sampled from the song's "Fruity Instrumental" mix. 

The song is widely considered to be one of the greatest hip-hop songs of all time. The song charted at number 27 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song is a "rags to riches chronicle". The Notorious B.I.G. talks about his childhood years living in poverty, his initial dreams of becoming a rapper, early musical influences, his time dealing drugs, criminal involvement, and his eventual success in the music industry and current lavish lifestyle.

The song's lyrics refer to the February 26, 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center.




Clervaux

Clervaux (, German: "Clerf") is a "commune" and town in northern Luxembourg, administrative capital of the canton of Clervaux.

The city is in the valley of the Clerve river and is part of the Natural Park of the Our.

The city was the site of heavy fighting during World War II, in the December 1944 Battle of Clervaux, part of the "Battle of the Bulge".

In 2012, the "commune" of Clervaux was combined with the "communes" of Heinerscheid and Munshausen.

The "commune" is in the Oesling, a region within the greater Ardennes area. It has an area of .

The highest point in the "commune" is in "Schwaarzenhiwwel" near the town of Marnach that is high, and the lowest point is high that is in the valley of the Our river near the town of Roder. The altitude is high. At the railway station, the altitude is high.

To the east, the Our river forms the border with Germany and, to the north, is the "commune" borders Belgium. In this "commune" is the place where three countries meetː Luxembourg, Germany and Belgium.

There were 5,069 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Other towns, besides the town of Clervaux, within the "commune" are:

Evolution of the population in Clervaux




Don McNay

Donald Joseph "Don" McNay (February 13, 1959 – May 29, 2016) was an American financial author and columnist. He was a chartered financial consultant and specialist on what to do when you win the lottery. He was born in Covington, Kentucky, but was raised in Lexington, Kentucky. He was a financial author and "The Huffington Post" contributor.

McNay died of a suspected heart attack on May 29, 2016 in New Orleans, Louisiana, aged 57.

Robert List

Robert Frank "Bob" List (born September 1, 1936) is an American attorney and politician. He served as the 24th Governor of Nevada from 1979 to 1983. List was defeated for re-election in 1982 by Nevada Attorney General Richard Bryan. He is a member of the Republican Party. 

M14 rifle

The M14 rifle is an American 7.62×51mm NATO battle rifle. It was used by the United States Military in 1959 during the Vietnam War. The M14 production began in 1959 and ended in 1964. The M14 can be used as a battle rifle, marksman rifle and a sniper rifle in later usage of the rifle. The M14 was based on the M1 Garand and is esentially a modernized variant of it, In the late 1960s and early 1970s, the M14 was replaced by the M16A1 by the United States Army in Vietnam.

The rifle returned to active service with the US Army as the M14 EBR in 2002, where it has remained in service to this day as a dedicated marksman rifle with updates and changes to its design, including an adjustable and collapsible stock, adjustable sights rails and a bipod.

Mount Kinabalu

Mount Kinabalu is a high mountain on the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia. This is in Malaysia.

The mountain is protected as a park, named Kinabalu Park. The park was awarded the country's first World Heritage Site. Because of over 5,000 plant species, it is also one of the world’s most important biological sites.

At its peak, the indigenous Kadazan people make their homes there. The mountain's name comes from the name "Akinabalu" (meaning "Revered Place of the Dead").

Spread spectrum

Spread spectrum is a method in radio and other kinds of telecommunication. Its purpose is to overcome interference, noise and jamming of signals.

Sending radio wave signals through the air became possible in the later 19th century with wireless telegraphy. The fact that signals were affected by natural interference was soon discovered. By the early 1900s, wireless telegraphy could cross the Atlantic. Intercepting the enemy's radio communications and interfering with their transmission was important in World War II. Messages in code were intercepted and recorded for decryption and translation. Not only can radio signals be detected, but those listening can be detected, since radio receivers also emit a signal.

Above all, since radio direction-finding is widely used in civil and military aviation, ways are needed to reduce interference with these transmissions. The main method is spread spectrum. Spread spectrum systems transmit the message using a bandwidth that is wider than the bandwidth actually needed by the message signal. This spreading of the transmitted signal over a large bandwidth make the resulting wideband signal appear as a noise signal. This resists intentional and unintentional interference with the transmitted signal.


Boltigen

Boltigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Noise (electronics)

In electronics, noise is a random fluctuation in an electrical signal. This happens in all electronic circuits. Noise made by electronic devices varies greatly. In communication systems, noise is an error or random disturbance of useful information in a communication channel. 

The noise is the total of unwanted or disturbing energy from natural and sometimes man-made sources. Noise is usually distinguished from interference, such as deliberate jamming or other unwanted electromagnetic interference.

If a message is transmitted in a natural language (a series of letters which make sense), then it is more resistant to noise than a spoken language. 

Santa Fe Trail

The Santa Fe Trail was a 19th century transportation route through central North America. It connected Independence, Missouri with Santa Fe, New Mexico. It was pioneered in 1821 by William Becknell. The Santa Fe Trail was a vital commercial highway until the introduction of the railroad to Santa Fe in 1880. Santa Fe was near the north end of the El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro which carried trade from Mexico City. The Santa Fe railroad, now known as BNSF (Burlington Northern Santa Fe), roughly parallels the original Santa Fe Trail.

The route skirted the northern edge and crossed the northwestern corner of Comancheria, the territory of the Comanches. they demanded payment for allowing people to use the trail. Comanche raiding farther south in Mexico isolated New Mexico. This made the area more dependent on the American trade. In general, finished and manufactured goods went west from the Kansas City area and payments in gold traveled east from Santa Fe. The trade along the trail gave the Comanches a steady supply of horses. By the 1840s trail traffic along the Arkansas River valley was so heavy that bison herds could not reach important seasonal grazing land. This contributed to their decline which in turn hastened the decline of Comanche power in the region. The Trail was used as the 1846 U.S. invasion route of New Mexico during the Mexican–American War.

After the U.S. took the Southwest ending the Mexican–American War, the trail helped open the region new settlement. It was important for the expansion of the U.S. into the lands it had taken. 

The road route is commemorated today by the National Park Service as the Santa Fe National Historic Trail. A highway route that roughly follows the trail's path through the entire length of Kansas, the southeast corner of Colorado and northern New Mexico has been designated as the Santa Fe Trail National Scenic Byway. It is long and takes about 12 hours to drive the trail today.

Bönigen

Bönigen is a municipality of the administrative district Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. It is on the shore of Lake Brienz.


Bowil

Bowil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Claiborne Fox Jackson

Claiborne Fox Jackson (April 4, 1806 – December 6, 1862) was a pro-Confederacy governor of the state of Missouri. He was elected in 1860 and sworn in on January 3, 1861 as Missouri's 15th governor. He remained in office for five months, until being effectively deposed on June 15, 1861. At that time he fled to Arkansas and joined the Confederacy. He died on December 6, 1862.

On April 4, 1806, Jackson was born in Fleming County, Kentucky. His parents were Dempsey and Mary Jackson. The Jacksons were tobacco farmers who owned many slaves.

In 1826, Jackson moved to Franklin, Missouri where the Santa Fe Trail began. The trail was an important link to trading with Mexico. While the economy was poor in most of the region, Franklin was growing and becoming prosperous. Jackson and his older brother opened a mercantile store in the town. Most of the new residents were from the South and brought their slaves with them. They started farms along the Missouri River. This became the center of slavery in Missouri.

In 1836 Jackson entered politics representing Saline County, Missouri in the Missouri House of Representatives. Between 1838 and 1842 he was a cashier at the state bank in Fayette, Missouri. He was elected a state representative again in 1842, this time from Howard County, Missouri. In 1844 and 1846, he served as Speaker of the House. In 1848 he was elected to the Missouri State Senate. In 1852 he was elected to the House of Representatives again. From 1857 to 1860, he served as state bank commissioner. In 1860, as a Democrat, he secured his party's nomination for governor. He ran against Sample Orr in the general election and won. He was sworn in on January 3, 1861.

Jackson had won the nomination and election for governor by presenting himself as a moderate. But he quickly showed himself to be a pro-slavery activist. Following Abraham Lincoln's election as President of the United States Jackson began to court support for Missouri's secession from the Union. When Fort Sumter fell to the Confederates on April 14, 1861, Lincoln called for 75,000 volunteers to put down the rebellion. Jackson refused Lincoln's call for volunteers from Missouri. Instead, he called for 50,000 volunteers to defend the state against the Union. Jackson secretly contacted the Confederates and tried to get artillery for his militia.

Jackson knew the most important resource in the state was the federal arsenal at St. Louis. There was only a small detachment of Union soldiers that guarded the arsenal and were under the command of Captain Lyon. But quietly, Lyon had sent almost all the gunpowder and weapons to safety in Illinois. Also, the United States Secretary of War, Simon Cameron, had sent a letter to Lyon authorizing him to raise more companies of Union soldiers. On May 6, Jackson sent his militia to camp near St. Louis in order to provoke the Union soldiers and perhaps secure their arms for his militia. However, on May 10, Lyon marched some 6,500 Union troops to surround the militia and arrest all of them. Following the Camp Jackson Affair, Lyon was promoted to Brigadier general and took charge of all Union forces in the state.

On June 13, 1861, after failed negotiations with Governor Jackson, Lyon quickly moved his army to attack the pro-confederate forces at Jefferson City, Missouri, the state capital. He moved quickly enough to catch them unprepared. On June 15, the Army of the West occupied Jefferson City. Lyon installed a pro-Union government after Jackson and most of his militia retreated to the southwest corner of Missouri. Lyon moved his army to go after the rebels. On June 17, both sides fought the Battle of Boonville which lasted only about 30 minutes. The Union forces completely routed the pro-confederates. Jackson observed the battle and retreated with the militia.

Jackson and approximately 4,000 of his untrained and poorly armed militia fled to Carthage, Missouri. In order to find Jackson and his militia, Lyon had split his forces. He sent Colonel Franz Sigel with about 1,000 soldiers into southwest Missouri to search for Jackson. On July 4 Jackson learned that Sigel was camped at Carthage. The next day Jackson led his militia to attack the smaller Union force. The battle line was about ten miles south of Carthage. He waited for Sigel to attack him. Sigel, in turn, opened the battle with artillery fire. He then attacked the militia. However, after seeing a large Confederate force moving around him on his left flank, he moved back to prevent being surrounded. He did not know the force to his left were mainly unarmed militia. Sigel fought a successful rearguard action as his small army fell back to Carthage. He then retreated to Sarcoxie, Missouri. The battle had little meaning but it encouraged the pro-Confederates in Missouri with news of their first victory. Jackson was the only sitting governor to have commanded troops in a battle.

After the battle, Jackson, assuming he still had his powers as governor, called together a rump legislature at Neosho, Missouri. He called for session on October 28, 1861 and, although deposed, officially claimed Missouri to have joined the Confederacy in November 1861. He was given the rank of Brigadier general in the Confederate Army. But he soon resigned due to failing health. On December 6, 1862, Jackson died in Little Rock, Arkansas from stomach cancer. He is buried at Arrow Rock, Missouri in the Sappington family cemetery.


Franklin, Missouri

Franklin is a city in Howard County, Missouri, United States. It is located along the Missouri River. Part of a rural area, the population was 70 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Columbia, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
As the starting point of the Santa Fe Trail, the community played a major part in the westward expansion of the United States.

The town of Franklin was founded in 1816 and named for Founding Father Benjamin Franklin. William Becknell, known as the "Father of the Santa Fe Trail" lived on a farm a few miles northwest of Franklin. There was a spring near Becknell's property, Boone Lick Spring. The spring and its salt water attracted people from St. Louis and points east. They came to distill the water for its salt. They came so often that they created a trail, calling it the Boonslick Road. The Boone refers to Nathan and Daniel Morgan Boone, sons of Daniel Boone. The two brothers first operated the saltlick business.

Franklin is located at (39.011316, -92.753747). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land.

As of the census of 2010, there were 95 people, 42 households, and 26 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 52 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 98.9% White and 1.1% African-American. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.1% of the population.

There were 42 households of which 28.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.6% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.8% had a male householder with no wife present, and 38.1% were non-families. 31.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.88.

The median age in the city was 47.1 years. 24.2% of residents were under the age of 18; 3.2% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 22.1% were from 25 to 44; 36.8% were from 45 to 64; and 13.7% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 53.7% male and 46.3% female.

As of the census of 2000, there were 112 people, 47 households, and 28 families residing in the city. The population density was 490.1 people per square mile (188.0/km²). There were 53 housing units at an average density of 231.9 per square mile (89.0/km²). The racial makeup of the city White and 0.89% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.89% of the population.

There were 47 households out of which 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.3% were non-families. 34.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 3.03.

In the city the population was spread out with 27.7% under the age of 18, 5.4% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 32.1% from 45 to 64, and 10.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 86.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $28,542. The median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $37,500 versus $21,250 for females. The per capita income for the city was $15,104. There were 16.7% of families and 20.8% of the population living below the poverty line, including 39.3% of under eighteens and 37.5% of those over 64.


Fleming County, Kentucky

Fleming County is a county located in the state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,082. Its county seat is Flemingsburg. The county was formed in 1798 and named for Colonel John Fleming, an Indian-fighter and early settler. It's a prohibition or dry county, which means drinks with alcohol are not sold there. In 1998, the Kentucky General Assembly designated Fleming County as the Covered Bridge Capital of Kentucky.

Fleming County was established in 1798 from land given by Mason County, Kentucky. The first courthouse, possibly built of logs, was replaced in 1830 and again in 1952.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water.


As of the census of 2020, there were 15,082 people living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,936 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.4% White, 1.0% Black or African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.1% Asian, 0.9% from other races, and 2.5% from two or more races. 1.4% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There were 5,936 households out of which 32.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.6% were married couples living together, 7.5% were unmarried couples living together, 23.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 17.2% had a male householder with no wife present. 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.54.

In the county, the population was spread out with 24.0% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 22.3% from 25 to 44, 27.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41.5 years. For every 100 males there were 101.6 females. For every 100 males age 18 and over, there were 102.8 females.

In 2021, the median income for a household in the county was $48,315, and the median income for a family was $60,464. The per capita income for the county was $24,506. About 11.1% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.2% of those under age 18 and 13.6% of those age 65 or over.




Missouri House of Representatives

The Missouri House of Representatives is the lower chamber of the Missouri General Assembly. It has 163 members, representing districts with an average size of 37,000 residents. Members of the House are elected for a two-year term during general elections held in even-numbered years.

In 1992 Missouri approved a constitutional amendment providing term limits (before this there were no limits). No Representative may serve more than eight years in the House. Each candidate for the office must be at least twenty-four years old, a qualified registered voter in the state for at least two years, and a resident of his or her district for at least one year.

Missouri's house is the fourth largest in the United States although the state ranks 18th in population. Legislation was introduced in 2011 to cut its size to 103 members in 2020. States with larger legislatures in the United States are New Hampshire (400), Pennsylvania (203) and Georgia (180).

In 1992 Missouri voters approved a constitutional amendment placing term limits on the Missouri House of Representatives. A Representative can serve no more than four two-year terms in the house (a total of eight years). The first time term limits prevented someone from running again was in 2002.

As of March 2008, members of the Missouri House of Representatives receive an annual salary of $35,915.44.



Adriana Lecouvreur

Adriana Lecouvreur is an Italian opera in four acts, music by Francesco Cilea and libretto by Arturo Colautti, after Eugène Scribe and Ernest Legouvé's play "Adrienne Lecouvreur". It was first performed in Milan, on November 6, 1902. By far Cilea's most successful work and his only opera still regularly performed. 




Bremgarten bei Bern

Bremgarten bei Bern is a municipality of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Brenzikofen

Brenzikofen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Franz Sigel

Franz Sigel (November 18, 1824 – August 21, 1902) was a German military officer, revolutionist and immigrant to the United States. In the US he was a teacher, newspaperman, politician, and served as a Union Major general in the American Civil War. His ability to recruit German-speaking immigrants to the Union armies got him the approval of President Abraham Lincoln. But he was strongly disliked by General-in-Chief Henry Halleck and rated overall as a poor leader.

Sigel was born in Sinsheim, Baden (Germany). He attended the gymnasium in Bruchsal. He graduated from Karlsruhe Military Academy in 1843, and was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Baden Army. In 1848 he was a part of the Revolutions of 1848 in the German states. When the revolution failed he fled, eventually immigrating to New York City. There he worked at a number of different jobs. These include a teacher, musician, surveyor and the owner of a cigar store. In 1854 Sigel married Elsie Dulon. Together they had five children. In 1857 he moved to St Louis, Missouri where he was one of the founders of a monthly magazine. He was the superintendent at the German Institute and joined the Republican Party. He attracted German immigrants to the Republican party because of their strong anti-slavery sentiment.

At the start of the Civil War, Sigel volunteered to support Abraham Lincoln and the Union cause. Because of his military experience, he was given command of the Third Missouri Infantry. He recruited many German-Americans to the Union cause with the slogan, "I goes to fight mit Sigel." His commission as Colonel held a date of rank of May 4, 1861. Because he was a key figure in recruiting immigrants to the Union army, President Lincoln had him promoted to Brigadier general two weeks later.

In the meanwhile, he was attached to Brigadier general Nathaniel Lyon's Union Army of the West. Sigel and his soldiers helped put down a riot the St. Louis area. The incident was known as the Camp Jackson Affair. He led a Flanking maneuver at Battle of Wilson's Creek, surprising and attacking the Confederate forces from their rear while Lyon attacked them from the front. On March 8, 1862, at the Battle of Pea Ridge, Sigel commanded two division (military)s in the victory against Major General Earl Van Dorn (CSA).
Sigel was promoted to major general after the battle of Pea Ridge. He served as a division commander in the Shenandoah Valley and fought unsuccessfully against Maj. Gen. Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson. He commanded a Union corps at the Second Battle of Bull Run.Here he was wounded in the hand.

In early 1863, Sigel lobbied the War Department for more troops. But his requests were refused. In early 1864 he was given command of the Army of West Virginia. In 1864 his army was defeated in the Battle of New Market. This loss and his failure to prevent Confederate attacks in Northern Virginia led to his removal from command. Although he remained in the army until May 1865, he was not given another command. 

Sigel resigned his commission on May 4, 1865. He worked as editor of the "Baltimore Wecker" for a short time. He was then a newspaper editor in New York City. He filled a variety of political positions there, both as a Democrat and a Republican. In 1869, he ran on the Republican ticket for Secretary of State of New York. He lost to the incumbent Democrat Homer Augustus Nelson. In May 1871 he became collector of internal revenue, and then in October 1871 register of the city. In 1887, President Grover Cleveland appointed him pension agent for the city of New York. He also lectured, worked in advertising and published the "New York Monthly", a German-American magazine, for some years.

Franz Sigel died in New York in 1902 and is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City. 

Deaths in June 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in June 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


































Mohamed Abdelaziz

Mohamed Abdelaziz (; 17 August 1947 – 31 May 2016) was the 3rd Secretary General of the Polisario Front and President of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic from 1976 until his death in 2016.

Abdelaziz died on 31 May 2016 from lung cancer, aged 68.


Jan Crouch

Janice Wendell Bethany "Jan" Crouch (March 14, 1938 – May 31, 2016) was an American religious broadcaster. Along with her husband Paul, she co-founded the Trinity Broadcasting Network (TBN).

Crouch suffered a massive stroke on May 25, 2016 and was hospitalized. She died in Orlando, Florida on May 31, 2016 from complications of the stroke, aged 78.

Kazimierz Barburski

Kazimierz Zygfryd Barburski (7 August 1942 – 26 May 2016) was a Polish fencer. He won a bronze medal in the team épée event at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born in Łódź, Poland.

Barburski died on 26 May 2016 in Poland, aged 73.

Traveland RV Storm

The Traveland RV Storm are a Canadian junior ice hockey team that began playing in 1993. They currently play in the Prairie Junior Hockey League. They play their home games in Pilot Butte, Saskatchewan. The Storm won the league in 2007, 2008, 2011 and 2012 and made the finals every year from 2006 to 2015.

"Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

"* Note: Some statistics are unknown for seasons in the SSJHL"


T. Marshall Hahn

Thomas Marshall Hahn, Jr. (December 2, 1926 – May 29, 2016) was an American educator. He served as President of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University from 1962 to 1974. He was also Director of Georgia Pacific from 1983 to 1993. 

Hahn died on May 29, 2016 in Blacksburg, Virginia, aged 89.


G. V. Loganathan

Gobichettipalayam Vasudevan "G. V." Loganathan (April 8, 1954 – April 16, 2007) was an Indian-born American professor. He was a professor in the Department of Civil and Environmental engineering, part of the College of Engineering at Virginia Tech, United States. He was born in Karatadipalayam, Gobichettipalayam.

At age 53, Loganathan was among the 32 people killed in the Virginia Tech shootings on April 16, 2007. Loganathan taught an Advanced Hydrology class in Norris Hall's Room 206. On April 16, 2007, Cho entered Norris 206 and opened fire. Loganathan was Cho's first target.


Liviu Librescu

Liviu Librescu (; ; August 18, 1930 – April 16, 2007) was a Romanian-born Israeli and American scientist and engineer. He was a professor whose major research fields were aeroelasticity and aerodynamics. He was born in Ploiești, Romania. He was Professor of Engineering Science and Mechanics at Virginia Tech.

He was a known academic in addition to being a survivor of the Holocaust, he was most widely known for his heroic actions during the Virginia Tech shootings, in which he held off the gunman, giving all but one of his students enough time to escape through the windows. Shot and killed during the attack, Librescu was awarded the "Order of the Star of Romania", Romania's highest civilian honor. 


Kenne Fant

Kenne Fant (born Carl-Henrik Fant; 1 January, 1923 – 30 May, 2016) was a Swedish actor, director and writer. He was born in Strängnäs. He was known for his roles as Göran Thome "The Most Beautiful on the Earth" (1948) and as Arne in "Prison" (1949). He directed the movie "Adventures of Nils Holgersson" (1962).

Fant died on 30 May, 2016 in Stockholm, Sweden at the age of 93.

Rupert Neudeck

Rupert Neudeck (14 May 1939 – 31 May 2016) was a German journalist and humanitarian. Neudeck, together with a group of friends, formed the committee "A ship for Vietnam" and chartered for the rescue mission the freighter "Cap Anamur". He did humanitarian work in this project that aids refugees. He also founded "Grünhelme e.V." (Green Helmets; voluntary association) for rebuilding schools, villages, and ambulances in destroyed regions.

Neudeck died on 31 May 2016 in Germany, from complications after heart surgery, aged 77.

Wiltz

Wiltz () is a commune with city status in north-western Luxembourg, capital of the canton Wiltz. Wiltz is situated along the sides of the river Wiltz.

During World War II, Luxembourg was occupied 10 May 1940 (the first day of the Battle of France). 
On 31 August 1942, a general strike began in Wiltz that spread throughout the country.

On 1 January 2015, Wiltz absorbed the neighboring commune of Eschweiler.

The "commune" is in the Oesling, a region within the greater Ardennes area. It has an area of . The altitude is high. At the castle, the altitude is high.

Wiltz is surrounded by six "communes": Wincrange to the north and northwest, Clervaux to the northeast, Kiischpelt to the east, Goesdorf to the southeast, Lac de la Haute-Sûre to the south and southwest, and Winseler to the west.

There were 6,730 persons living in the "commune" in January 2016, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Other towns, besides the town of Wiltz, within the "commune" are Roullingen and Weidingen.
Evolution of the population in Wiltz

One of the main features of the town is Wiltz Castle (, German: "Schloss Wiltz", ) which belonged to the former Counts of Wiltz. This castle, which is situated on of lawns and gardens, contains hundreds of rooms. It was completed in 1727, and the final Count died in 1793.

Wiltz is twinned withː




David Tod Roy

David Tod Roy (; 1933 – May 31, 2016) was an American professor and scholar of Chinese literature. He taught at University of Chicago from 1967 until he took early retirement in 2006. 

He was known for his translation of Jin Ping Mei, or "The Plum in the Golden Vase", one of the Four Great Novels of the Ming dynasty. It was the first complete translation into a Western language. 

He was diagnosed with ALS (often known as Lou Gehrig's disease) just as he had finished the translation in 2012 and died of that disease in 2016.


Carla Lane

Carla Lane (1928 – 31 May 2016) was an English television writer. She wrote many sitcoms, including "The Liver Birds" (co-creator, 1969–78), "Butterflies" (1978–82), and "Bread" (1986–91).


Tom Lysiak

Thomas James Lysiak (April 22, 1953 – May 30, 2016) was a Canadian ice hockey player. He was selected as the second overall pick in round 1 of the 1973 NHL Amateur Draft by the Atlanta Flames, and was selected by the Houston Aeros in round 2 of the 1973 WHA Amateur Draft (23rd overall).

In each of his last two seasons at Medicine Hat, Lysiak was awarded the Bob Clarke Trophy as the Western Canada Hockey League's leading scorer (with a total of 297 points in 135 games).

Lysiak died of leukemia in Roswell, Georgia on May 30, 2016 at age 63.


Albinen

Albinen is a municipality of the district of Leuk in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Brienz

Brienz is a municipality of the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. It is on the northern shore of Lake Brienz.

Brienzwiler

Brienzwiler is a municipality in Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Agonist

An agonist is a type of chemical known as a ligand. It binds to a receptor. It activates (switches on) the receptor to produce a response.

An agonist causes an action. There are also antagonists which block the action of the agonists, and there are inverse agonists which cause an action opposite to that of the agonist.

This is typical of the systems which regulate the body. Being able to control activity is the basis of homeostasis.

Receptors can be activated by either endogenous or exogenous agonists. Both types result in a biological response. Endogenous agonists include hormones and neurotransmitters. Exogenous agonists include drugs.

A substance which causes the same bodily responses, but does "not" bind to the same receptor is called a physiological agonist.


Centovalli, Ticino

Centovalli is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 25 October 2009, the municipalities of Borgnone, Intragna and Palagnedra merged into the new municipality of Centovalli


Line (formation)

The line formation is a standard tactical formation which was used by infantry in early modern warfare. 
It continued the phalanx formation or shield wall of infantry armed with polearms in use during antiquity and the Middle Ages. The line formation used soldiers standing or moving side by side forming a line.

The line formation provided the best front for volley fire. However the line could not change direction easily and was open to attack by cavalry. Frederick the Great used the line formation, or “march by lines” as a part of his oblique order to fix this problem. The other part of the oblique order was the “attack in echelon” (change to column formation and angle slightly towards the enemy). This way his line of soldiers, usually two ranks deep, could easily change the direction they faced.

An infantry battalion would form "in line" by placing troops in several ranks. They could range in number from two to five, with two or three being the most common. During the 17th century lines thinned out and became longer. Using this line formation required greater discipline since the two opposing armies were often only apart.

During the American Civil War the standard formation for both attacking and defending was the line formation. The line allowed the maximum number of soldiers to fire their weapons without hitting their own men. The line formation worked best in open fields. The line could not move well in wooded areas or in rough terrain. Both sides were still using tactics that were used in the American Revolutionary War. During earlier wars including the Napoleonic Wars, single-shot smoothbore muskets were used with fixed bayonets. A line would advance to about from the enemy line and fire in volley (all at the same time). Muskets were not very accurate and by all firing at the same time they were more likely to hit enemy soldiers. After firing their one shot the soldiers would all move the line forward for a bayonet charge.

The new weapons in use at the beginning of the war made the older tactic unnecessary. Newer rifles and rifle muskets were now available that could allow the defenders to start firing at to yards away. The development of the Minié ball (bullet) also increased the accuracy of rifles at longer ranges.

A loose line formation is also used by many modern forces during assaults. It allows the use of maximum firepower to concentrate in one direction at once. This is useful when attacking an enemy position. It also enables the use of fire and movement.

Brügg

Brügg is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Brüttelen

Brüttelen () is a municipality in the administrative district Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

David McNiven Garner

David McNiven Garner (26 November 1928 – 13 May 2016), was a New Zealand oceanographer. He worked as a published research physicist. He worked with a focus in physical oceanography and ocean circulation.

In 1962, he founded the New Zealand Oceanographic Institute of the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (today known as National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research), then located in Hobson Street, Wellington, New Zealand.

Erika Berger

Erika Berger (August 13, 1939 – May 15, 2016) was a German television presenter and author. She was born in Munich, Germany.

Berger worked as television presenter on German television broadcaster RTL. As writer, she wrote several books over sexuality. Berger has two children.

Berger died in Cologne, Germany on May 15, 2016, aged 76.


Marion Lambert

Baroness Marion Lambert (Maron von Vries; 1943 – 28 May 2016) was a Belgian-born Swiss art collector and philanthropist. She was the wife of Baron Philippe Lambert of the Bank Brussels Lambert banking dynasty. She was described as "one of the first collectors and patrons of contemporary photography". In a November 2004, she sold her entire collection of about 300 photographs mostly from the 1980s, entitled "Veronica's Revenge", at Phillips de Pury in Chelsea, New York for a total of $9.2 million.

On 24 May 2016, Lambert was hit by a bus on route 73 near Bond Street tube station in London. She died from head injuries on 28 May 2016, aged 73.


Bob Williams (quarterback)

Robert "Bob" Allen Williams (January 2, 1930 – May 26, 2016) was an American football quarterback in the National Football League. He was born in Cumberland, Maryland. Williams played for the Chicago Bears from 1951 through 1952 and again in 1955. During his college years, he played for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish team. Williams was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1988.

Williams died on May 26, 2016 at a retirement home in Timonium, Maryland from Parkinson's disease, aged 86.


Razak Khan

Razak (or Razzak Khan) (1953/1954 – 1 June 2016) was an Indian movie and television actor who was in Bollywood movies. He was known for his roles in "Baadshah", "Hello Brother" and in "Akhiyon Se Goli Maare".

Khan died of a heart attack at his home in Bandra, Maharashtra on 1 June 2016, aged 62. 


Asymmetry

Asymmetry is a state which is the absence of, or a violation of, symmetry. It is best defined like that because symmetry is relatively rare, and almost all other objects are asymmetric.


Missouri Senate

The Missouri Senate is the upper house of the Missouri General Assembly. It has 34 members, representing districts with an average population of 174,000. Its members serve four-year terms, with half the seats being up for election every two years.

After the 2014 elections, the party representation in the Senate was:



Missouri General Assembly

The Missouri General Assembly is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Missouri. The bicameral General Assembly is made up of a 32-member Senate, and a 163-member House of Representatives. Members of both houses of the General Assembly are subject to term limits. Senators are limited to two four-year terms. Representatives are limited to four two-year terms. This is a total of 8 years for members of both houses. The General Assembly meets at the State Capitol in Jefferson City.

Members of the House of Representatives must be 24 years of age to be elected. Representatives also must be a qualified Missouri voter for two years, and a resident of the county or district they are to represent for one year. Senators must be 30 years of age, a qualified Missouri voter for three years. They must be a resident of the area they are to represent for one year prior to their election.

According to Article III, Section 20 of the Constitution of Missouri, the General Assembly must convene (meet) on the first Wednesday after the first Monday in January following the state general election. It adjourns on May 30, with no consideration of bills after 6:00 p.m. on the first Friday following the second Monday in May. No appropriation bill may be considered after 6:00 p.m. on the first Friday after the first Monday in May. If the Governor returns a bill with his objections after adjournment, the General Assembly is automatically reconvened on the first Wednesday following the second Monday in September for a period not to exceed ten days to consider vetoed bills.

The Governor may call the General Assembly in special session for a maximum of 60 calendar days at any time. Only subjects recommended by the Governor in his call or a special message may be considered. The President Pro Tem and the Speaker may convene a 30-day special session upon petition of three-fourths of the members of each chamber.

Neither the House nor Senate, without the consent of the other chamber, adjourn for more than ten days at any one time. They may not be called to any other place than that in which the two houses may be sitting.

As a part-time legislature, compensation is low with the General Assembly. Most senators and representatives hold jobs outside their legislative duties. Law makers are paid $35,915 per legislative year and receive $104 per day in expenses. They also receive full health benefits



Monteceneri

Monteceneri is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 21 November 2010, when the former municipalities of Bironico, Camignolo, Medeglia, Rivera and Sigirino merged to form the new municipality of Monteceneri.


Howard County, Missouri

Howard County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. Its southern border is the Missouri River. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,151. Its county seat is Fayette. The county was organized January 23, 1816 and named for Benjamin Howard, the first Governor of the Missouri Territory.

Howard County was settled mainly from the upper Southern states of Kentucky, Tennessee and Virginia. They brought slaves and slaveholding traditions with them and grew hemp and tobacco. Howard was one of several counties settled mainly by Southerners along the Missouri River in the center of the state. Because of this, this area became known as Little Dixie, and Howard County was at its heart. Following the 1848 revolutions in germany, many German immigrants also came to this region.

Because of the reliance on slave labor, by 1860 African American slaves made up at least 25 percent of the county's population. Many Howard County residents supported the Confederacy during the Civil War. After the end of Reconstruction, Jim Crow laws and racial segregation were enforced in the county. Five African Americans were lynched in Howard County between 1891 and 1914. These were Olli Truxton, Frank Embree, Thomas Hayden, Arthur McNeal, and Dallas Shields.

The county continued to be developed for agriculture and is still mostly rural. However, Howard has lost population since reaching its peak in 1900. The mechanization of farming reduced the demand for labor, and many people left for jobs in the cities. In 2000 African-Americans in the county had declined to less than 7 percent of the total. Nearly one-third of the residents now identify themselves as of German ancestry.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.6%) is water.




As of the census of 2000, there were 10,212 people, 3,836 households, and 2,631 families residing in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (8/km²). There were 4,346 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (4/km²). The racial makeup of the county was 91.13% White, 6.84% Black or African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.12% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 0.40% from other races, and 1.10% from two or more races. Approximately 0.86% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 32.4% were of German, 16.1% American, 8.9% English and 8.3% Irish ancestry.

There were 3,836 households out of which 31.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.30% were married couples living together, 9.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.40% were non-families. 27.30% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.98.

In the county the population was spread out with 24.00% under the age of 18, 13.30% from 18 to 24, 25.20% from 25 to 44, 21.30% from 45 to 64, and 16.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 94.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.40 males.

The median income for a household in the county was $31,614, and the median income for a family was $40,167. Males had a median income of $26,369 versus $19,950 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,198. About 7.50% of families and 11.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.70% of those under age 18 and 14.40% of those age 65 or over.






Fayette, Missouri

Fayette is a city in Howard County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,803 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Howard County. Fayette is part of the Columbia, Missouri Metropolitan statistical area.

Fayette was made county seat in 1823. It was named for Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette, who at the time was soon expected to pay a visit to the United States from France. It was incorporated in 1855.

The original Town of Fayette was first settled by Hiram Fugate and Hickerson Burnham. Each one gave 25 s of land for the location of the county seat. The town was surveyed and laid out in 1823 by Judge Alfred W. Morrison. He later became the sheriff and county judge. The original town layout formed a rectangle, about three blocks wide and seven blocks long with a public "square" in the center. It was divided into 150 s, with numbering beginning at the southeast corner of the square.

The four major streets bordered the square originally were named "First Main" (east side), "Second Main" (west side), "First Main Cross" (south side) and "Second Main Cross" (north side). In 1900, because of the confusion, the street names were changed to "Main", "Church", "Morrison", and "Davis", respectively.

It should be noted that the Fayette Square configuration is an example of the "Shelbyville Square", so called from its prototype in Shelbyville, Tennessee. This plan included a central courthouse and used the block of the grid plan to lay out the streets. The Shelbyville plan and other central courthouse plans were widely adopted in Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa and Missouri. "The Shelbyville Square quickly became the most frequent county seat plan in new counties in most states." The Shelbyville pattern became less popular 1900.

Fayette is located at (39.145468, -92.686126). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and is water.

As of the census of 2010, there were 2,688 people, 949 households, and 509 families residing in the city. The population density was . There were 1,097 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the city was 83.5% White, 13.0% African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.5% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 0.6% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.2% of the population.

There were 949 households of which 25.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them. married couples living together made up 36.9% , 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 4.1% had a male householder with no wife present, and 46.4% were non-families. 37.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.85.

The median age in the city was 26.1 years. 16.7% of residents were under the age of 18; 32% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 15.9% were from 25 to 44; 19.5% were from 45 to 64; and 15.8% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 48.7% male and 51.3% female.

As of the census of 2000, there were 2,793 people, 976 households, and 578 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,253.6 people per square mile (483.6/km²). There were 1,133 housing units at an average density of 508.5 per square mile (196.2/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 79.16% White, 18.33% African-American, 0.47% Native American, 0.21% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.47% from other races, and 1.32% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.93% of the population.

There were 976 households out of which 25.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them. In all 41.4% were married couples living together, 14.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 40.7% were non-families. 34.5% of all households were individuals and 16.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.18 and the average family size was 2.79.

In the city the population was spread out with 17.9% under the age of 18, 28.2% from 18 to 24, 19.5% from 25 to 44, 16.2% from 45 to 64, and 18.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 29 years. For every 100 females there were 91.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.3 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $27,276, and the median income for a family was $35,694. Males had a median income of $27,768 versus $20,833 for females. The per capita income for the city was $13,451. About 9.1% of families and 15.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.1% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.

Fayette is home to Central Methodist University, a private 4-year accredited university. It was also home to the now-defunct Howard-Payne Junior College. In its public school system, Fayette has one elementary school (L. J. Daly), one middle school (W. N. Clark) and one high school (Fayette).


Interrupt

An interrupt is when something happens to a microprocessor that causes it to "interrupt" the currently running code to allow it to respond to the thing that happened. Interrupts usually occur because the processor gets a special signal from hardware, but they can also be caused by software. Many things can cause interrupts, including pressing keys on a keyboard, moving the mouse, the built-in timer going off, a data transfer taking place, or an event that was triggered which needs attention from the processor right away. Interrupts can happen at any time, no matter what program is running or where in the program's source code it is. 

The purpose of an interrupt is to temporarily pause normal code execution to allow the processor to respond very quickly to the thing causing the interrupt. Once that thing has been dealt with, the processor can resume the work it was doing.

An interrupt is triggered by a hardware or software call known as an "interrupt request" (IRQ). When an IRQ happens, the processor immediately stores the details of what it is doing on a stack for safe keeping, and then beings to follow special instructions to respond to the interrupt. These instructions form a very short program called an "interrupt handler" or "interrupt service routine" (ISR). The ISR must be short so the processor can get back to its original work as fast as possible. As soon as the ISR is completed, the processor goes back to the stack where it stored the "context" of its original work on a stack, and resumes running code exactly where it left off.

Many interrupt controllers in today's processors use an "interrupt vector" as a way to sort interrupts based on where they came from or how important they are. The vector contains the special programs (ISRs) that will run when each different interrupt happens. ISRs are generally responsible for dealing with, or "servicing", the interrupt, along with keeping itself in good working order. 

Chandrasekhar limit

The Chandrasekhar limit is the maximum mass of a stable white dwarf star. Building on work by others, the Indian physicist Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar worked on the calculation. He published series of papers between 1931 and 1935. The Chandrasekhar limit is about 1.4 times the mass of the Sun.

The Chandrasekhar limit is the mass above which electron degeneracy pressure in the star's core is not enough to balance the star's own gravitational self-attraction. Then, white dwarfs with masses over the limit would gravitationally collapse into a neutron star or black hole. However, white dwarfs usually explode before they undergo collapse. Those with masses under the limit remain stable as white dwarfs.

Marianne Gaba

Marianne Gaba (November 13, 1939 – May 3, 2016) was an American model, actress and beauty queen. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. She was Miss Illinois USA 1957 and "Playboy" magazine's Playmate of the Month for its September 1959 issue. She was known for her roles as Liz in "The Choppers" (1961), as Animal in "How to Stuff a Wild Bikini" (1965) and as Robot in "Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine" (1965).

Gaba died on May 3, 2016 from brain cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 76.

Vianden

Vianden () is a commune with city status in north-eastern Luxembourg, capital of the canton Vianden.

The name of the town of Vianden is derived from the Gallic word vien which means "rocky". Already in the year 1256, Vianden is cited as a city, but it is only since 1308 that legally holds the title of city.

The "commune" is in the Oesling, a region within the greater Ardennes area. Vianden is in the valley of the river Our, a tributary of the Sauer river, near the border between Luxembourg and Germany.

It has an area of . The altitude is high. At the church, the altitude is high.

Vianden is surrounded by two "communes" of Luxembourg: Tandel to the south and west; and Putscheid to the northwest. To the north, west and southwest, Vianden borders with four municipalities of the Eifelkreis Bitburg-Prüm district of the German state of Rhineland-Palatinateː Waldhof-Falkenstein and Bauler to the north, Körperich to the east and Roth an der Our to the southeast.

There were 2,008 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Vianden

Some historic buildings in the "commune" areː


Vianden is twinned withː



Roger Enrico

Roger Enrico (November 11, 1944 – June 1, 2016) was an American businessman. He was born in Chisholm, Minnesota. He was known for being the Chairman of PepsiCo from 1996 to 2001 and Chairman of DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc from 2004 to 2012. He served on the Board of Directors of the National Geographic Society, the Environmental Defense Fund, the Solar Electric Light Fund, and the American Film Institute.

Enrico died of a heart attack while snorkeling at his private Cayman Islands home on June 1, 2016, aged 71.

Corry Brokken

Cornelia Maria "Corry" Brokken (3 December 1932 – 2 June 2016) was a Dutch singer, TV presenter and lawyer. She is known for her songs "Snip en Snap", "Voorgoed voorbij" and "Heel de wereld". 

After her singing career she studied law at Utrecht University in the 1970s. Afterwards she was a lawyer and later on a judge. 

Brokken died on 2 June 2016 in Laren, Netherlands at the age of 83.

Brokken was involved in the Eurovision Song Contest on four occassions.


Yevhen Lemeshko

Yevhen Lemeshko (; 11 December 1929 – 2 June 2016) was a Ukrainian football coach. He was born in Mykolaiv. He was chairman of the Council of Veteran Footballers. He started his football career as a player for FC Dynamo Kyiv, but due to an injury he continued his football career as a coach.

In 1956 Lemeshko played couple of games for the Ukraine at the Spartakiad of the Peoples of the USSR. In 1980 he became a Merited Coach of Ukraine.

Lemeshko died on 2 June 2016 in Kiev, Ukraine from a stroke, aged 86.


Boyce F. Martin Jr.

Boyce Ficklen Martin, Jr. (October 23, 1935 – June 1, 2016) was an American judge. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. He was appointed by Jimmy Carter in 1979. Martin served as Chief Judge of the circuit from 1996 to 2003. He wrote more than 1100 opinions during his 34-year career.

Martin, Jr. died at his home in Louisville, Kentucky from brain cancer on June 1, 2016, aged 80.


Andrzej Niemczyk

Andrzej Niemczyk (16 January 1944 – 2 June 2016) was a Polish volleyball player and coach. He was the coach of the Poland women's national volleyball team that competed at the 2005 Women's European Volleyball Championship. He was born in Łódź.

Niemczyk died in Warsaw, Poland from cancer on 2 June 2016, aged 72.

Tom Kibble

Sir Thomas Walter Bannerman "Tom" Kibble (23 December 1932 – 2 June 2016), was a British theoretical physicist, senior research investigator at The Blackett Laboratory, at Imperial College London, UK and Professor of Theoretical Physics at Imperial College. He was knighted in the 2014 Birthday Honours for services to physics.

His research interests were in quantum field theory (the quantum theory of elementary particles) and in the connections between high-energy particle physics and cosmology (the study of the physical universe). He is best known as one of the first to describe the Higgs mechanism (explaining how some but not all elementary particles have mass), and for his research on topological defects (roughly - points, lines or surfaces in space where there is a jump). From the 1950s he was concerned about the nuclear arms race and from 1970 took leading roles in promoting the social responsibility of the scientist.

Kibble was born in Madras, India, and was the grandson of William Bannerman, an officer in the Indian Medical Service, and the author Helen Bannerman. He was educated at Doveton Corrie School in Madras and then in Edinburgh, Scotland, at Melville College and at the University of Edinburgh. He graduated from the University of Edinburgh with a BSc in 1955, MA in 1956 and a PhD in 1958. Kibble was married to Anne Allan from 1957 until her death in 2005. They had three children.

Kibble worked on symmetry breaking (simple example - a ball at the top of a hill might roll down in any direction), phase transitions (simple example - water turning to ice as it freezes) and topological defects (roughly - points, lines or surfaces in space where there is a jump).

He is most noted for his co-discovery of the Higgs mechanism (explaining how some but not all elementary particles have mass) and prediction of the Higgs boson (a massive particle central to the Higgs mechanism) with Gerald Guralnik and C. R. Hagen (GHK). As part of Physical Review Letters 50th anniversary celebration, the journal recognized this discovery as one of the milestone papers in PRL history. For this discovery Prof. Kibble was awarded the American Physical Society's 2010 J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics. While widely considered to have authored the most complete of the early papers on the Higgs theory, GHK were controversially not included in the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physics. In 2014, Nobel Laureate Peter Higgs expressed disappointment that Kibble had not been chosen to share the Nobel Prize with François Englert and himself.

Kibble pioneered the study of the formation of topological defects in the very early times of the existence of the universe. An influential model of defect formation across a certain kind of phase transition is known as the Kibble-Zurek mechanism. His paper on cosmic strings (line defects of space on a cosmic scale) introduced the idea into modern cosmology.

He was one of the two co-chairs of a research programme funded by the European Science Foundation (ESF) on Cosmology in the Laboratory (COSLAB) which ran from 2001 to 2005. He was previously the coordinator of an ESF Network on Topological Defects in Particle Physics, Condensed Matter & Cosmology (TOPDEF). These programmes studied the analogies between topological defects in the early universe and similar structural defects in liquids and solids, which may be studied in the laboratory. (For a simple example of a network of laboratory topological defects, consider the boundaries between the many small, misaligned crystallites in a metal.)

In 1966 Kibble published a textbook, "Classical Mechanics", which is still in print (as of 2016), now in its 5th edition and co-authored with Frank Berkshire.

Kibble was a Fellow of the Royal Society (1980), of the Institute of Physics (1991), and of Imperial College London (2009). He was also a member of the American Physical Society (1958), the European Physical Society (1975) and the Academia Europaea (2000). In 2008, Kibble was named an Outstanding Referee by the American Physical Society.

In addition to the Sakurai Prize, Kibble has been awarded the Hughes Medal (1981) of the Royal Society, the Rutherford (1984) and Guthrie Medals (1993) of the Institute of Physics, the Dirac Medal (2013), the Albert Einstein Medal (2014) and the Royal Medal of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (2014). He was awarded a CBE in the 1998 Birthday Honours and was knighted in the 2014 Birthday Honours for services to physics.

In the 1950s and 1960s, Kibble became concerned about the nuclear arms race and from 1970 he took leading roles in several organisations promoting the social responsibility of the scientist. In the period 1970-1977 he was a national committee member, then treasurer, then chair of the British Society for Social Responsibility in Science; from 1976 he was a trustee of the Science and Society Trust; from 1981 to 1991 he was a national coordinating committee member, then vice-chair, then chair of Scientists against Nuclear Arms; he was a sponsor of Scientists for Global Responsibility; and from 1988 he was chair, and later a trustee, of the Martin Ryle Trust. He was chair of the organising committee of the Second International Scientists' Congress, held at Imperial College in 1988, and was a co-editor of the proceedings.


Monstercat

Monstercat (also known as Monstercat Media) is a Canadian-based independent electronic dance music (EDM) record label in Vancouver, British Columbia. Monstercat was formed in July 2005 by Mike Darlington CEO, and Ari Paunonen, COO.

The label signs artists on a non-exclusive single-track basis, allowing artists to freely move between other labels and brands. Monstercat follows a simple release schedule, where new music is released three times a week on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, in addition to an hour-long podcast that is live streamed every Tuesday on their Twitch account, known as "Call Of The Wild". Once Monstercat has released thirty tracks consecutively, a new compilation album is created containing these tracks and two continuous mixes of the album. At several points in time, Monstercat has released a track outside of their regular release schedule for various reasons.

In July 2005, Monstercat's current CEO - Mike Darlington - along with Ari Pauonen, Monstercat's current COO, created the Monstercat YouTube channel as a way for their friends to promote themselves and share music with each other. The two created compilation albums to provide artists with an easy method of releasing their music, as well as lessening the competitiveness between the artists. Monstercat's first compilation album, Launch Week, featured seven artists: Feint, Halo Nova (currently Varien / Koinu), Stephen Walking, Ephixa, Neilio, Arion and Going Quantum.

In December 2005, Monstercat signed the very notable musical group Krewella, an American electronic dance music duo (at the time, a trio) from Chicago, Illinois. "Killin' It" was Krewella's first original song released by a label. Monstercat promoted Krewella using many social media campaigns and partnered with many EDM YouTube promotional channels for a larger platform.

During the first few months of 2014, Monstercat partnered with the electric family in aid of the Humane Society of Canada. In December 2014, Monstercat launched a 24-hour digital radio station, hosted on Twitch. Monstercat continued to release compilation albums containing thirty songs and two mixes each until 2017.

Near the beginning of 2018, Monstercat announced that it would seperate into two brands: Monstercat Uncaged and Monstercat Instinct.

The following is a list of all the artists that are on Monstercat's current roster. Please note that not all artists who've released with Monstercat are necessarily supposed to be on this list.


The following is a list of artists who previously released music with Monstercat.


Acquarossa

Acquarossa is the capital of the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

Acquarossa was created on 4 April 2004, when the former municipalities of Castro, Corzoneso, Dongio, Largario, Leontica, Lottigna, Marolta, Ponto Valentino and Prugiasco merged to form the new municipality of Acquarossa.


Buchholterberg

Buchholterberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Büetigen

Büetigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Erstfeld

Erstfeld is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. Around 3,000 people live in Erstfeld. Its area is .


Flüelen

Flüelen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. Around 1,500 people live in Flüelen and it has an area of .


Maratha dynasty

Chhatrapathi Shivaji Maharaj was the greatest ruler of the Maratha Empire. After Shivaji's death in 1680,the Mughal ruler Aurangzeb killed Shivaji's son Shambhaji and captured Shamabaji's infant son Shahu. Aurangazeb's successors released Shahu who occupied the Maratha throne.

The Peshwa is a (Prime minister) helped him rule his empire. Gradually, Peshwa became the real ruler of Marathas and his post became hereditary. 

During Shahu's reign Satara was the Maratha capital. After his death, the capital was shifted to Pune. Under the Peshwas Marathas developed a very successful military campaign. Between 1720 and 1761 the Maratha empire expanded.

After raiding Delhi on 1737 the frontiers of Maratha domination expanded into Rajasthan, Punjab, Bengaluru and Odisha. But these military campaigns also made other rulers hostile towards the Marathas and as a result they did not support Marathas in the third battle of Panipat.

Büren an der Aare

Büren an der Aare ("Bueren on the Aare", ) is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Arni, Bern

Arni is a municipality of the administrative district Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne, Switzerland.

Büren zum Hof

Büren zum Hof was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Limpach, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Remich

Remich () is a commune with city status in south-eastern Luxembourg, capital of the canton Remich.

It is called the "Pearl of the Moselle".

Remich was a Roman settlement called "Remacum". This name changed to the present nameː Remich.

On 24 February 1843, Remich was officially made a city together with Luxembourg City, Diekirch, Grevenmacher, Echternach, Wiltz and Vianden.

Remich lies on the left bank of the Moselle river, which forms part of the border between Luxembourg and Germany.

The "commune" is the smallest in Luxembourg in area. It has an area of . The altitude is high.

Remich is surrounded by three "communes" of Luxembourg: Stadtbredimus to the north, Schengen to the south and Bous to the west. To the northeast, the "commune" borders the Palzem municipality of the Germersheim district in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate; and to the southeast Perl of the Merzig-Wadern district in the German state of Saarland.

There were 3,632 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Remich

Remich is twinned with:



Extreme Rules (2016)

Extreme Rules (2016) was a wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) made by WWE. The event was held on May 22, 2016. It took place at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. It was the eighth annual Extreme Rules.

Eight wrestling matches take place on the event. In the most important match, Roman Reigns beat AJ Styles in a Extreme Rules match to keep his WWE World Heavyweight Championship.

The event had mixed evaluations. Critics praised the matches for the Intercontinental Championship and WWE World Heavyweight Championship. However, the rest of the show was not well received.


Copa América Centenario

The Copa América Centenario (English: Centennial Copa America) was a men's association football tournament that took place from 3 June to 26 June 2016. The tournament was made to celebrate 100 years of the Copa América. It was hosted in the United States for the first time.

Chile won the final in penalties over Argentina (which was a repeat of the 2015 Copa América Final).

The winner of the tournament will not qualify for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup because Chile already won the 2015 Copa América.

<br>






Burgdorf, Switzerland

Burgdorf () is the largest city in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Bruno Gruszka

Bruno Stanisław Gruszka (6 October 1881 - 4 March 1941) was a Polish representative and politician. He worked as a councilman in Radymno. He was born in Skołoszów. He died in prison in Przemyśl.

Gruszka was born in a poor family. He was the only child of Ewa Bartoszewska and Michał Gruszka. He started his education in a middle school in Jarosław. Later he went to the teacher-training college in Tarnów. He studied law at the university in Lviv and Cracow. 

When he studied, he joined “The Polish People's Party” (, abbreviated to PSL).
In 1937 he was arrested and sent to prison in Lviv by peasant strike. (1937) 

Bruno Gruszka took part in building-up PSL “Piast" (1913-1931). He was also a member of the Executive Board in Cracow and the District Executive Board in Jarosław. In 1922 he was the leader of the Senate committee and created the statute of the parliament.

He was the founder of the Farmers and Craftspeople’s Bank in Radymno and Przemyśl and Włościański Bank in Jarosław. 

He led The Ropework Association in Radymno. 

He was the chairman of the Gymnastics Association Sokół.

He was the chairman of The Agriculture Association of the Małopolska province in Lviv.

There is a street named after him. He was buried in the cemetery in Radymno.


7-Eleven

7-Eleven is an international brand of convenience stores. In 2021, there were over 78,000 stores in the world. There are 7-Eleven stores in 19 different countries.

The first 7-Eleven store was in the city of Dallas. The company that owns it, Seven-Eleven Japan Co., Ltd., is located in Tokyo. Seven-Eleven Japan is held by the Seven & I Holdings Co. holding company.

The company's first stores were named "Tote'm Stores" because customers "toted" (carried) away the things they bought. Some stores had totem poles in front of the store. In 1946, the brand's name was changed to "7-Eleven" because it was open from 7:00 am to 11:00 pm. In November 1999, the company's name was changed from "The Southland Corporation" to "7-Eleven Inc."

In 1927, Southland Ice Company employee John Jefferson Green sold eggs, milk, and bread from one of 16 ice house storefronts in Dallas. One of Southland's founding directors, Joe C. Thompson Sr., let him do this. Even though other stores sold these things, Thompson thought that selling things such as bread and milk at convenience stores would make it easier for people to get what they need. Thompson bought the Southland Ice Company and turned it into Southland Corporation. The Southland Corporation controlled many places in Dallas.

In 1928, a manager named Jenna Lira brought a totem pole from Alaska and placed it in front of her store. The pole was a marketing tool for the company, as it gained a lot of attention. Soon, executives added totem poles in front of every store. There was an Inuit-inspired theme for the stores. Later on, the stores used the name "Tote'm Stores." In the same year, the company created gas stations in some of its Dallas locations to see if they would make money. Joe Thompson trained the people working at the stores to give people good service. Southland made a uniform for its ice station service men. This became a big part in the company's success as a convenience store.

In 1931, the Great Depression happened. It almost made the company lose all of its money. However, the company went through re-organization and receivership to stop this. A Dallas banker, W.W. Overton Jr., also helped to bring it back by selling the company's bonds for a very low price. This made the company become controlled by of a board of directors.

In 1946, to help the company grow, the name of all the stores were changed to 7-Eleven to adjust to the stores' new hours of operation, 7 am to 11 pm. In 1969, 7-Eleven made a 24-hour store in Austin, Texas after an Austin store stayed open all night to serve customers. Later on, 24-hour stores were created in Fort Worth and Dallas, Texas, as well as Las Vegas, Nevada. In 1971, Southland bought convenience stores of the former Pak-A-Sak chain owned by Graham Allen Penniman, Sr. (1903–1985), of Shreveport, Louisiana.

In 1964, with the purchase of 126 Speedee Mart franchised convenience stores in California, the company entered the franchise business. The company signed its first area licensing agreement in 1968 with Garb-Ko, Inc. of Saginaw, Michigan. Garb-Ko became the first US local area 7-Eleven licensee.

In the late 1980s, Southland Corporation was threatened by plans for a corporate takeover. The Thompson family turned the company into a private model by buying out public shareholders in a tender offer. In December 1987, John Philp Thompson, the chairman and CEO of 7-Eleven, completed a $5.2 billion management buyout of the company. The buyout suffered from the effects of the 1987 stock market crash. The company had to offer stocks to get people to buy the company's bonds.

Many things, such as the Chief Auto Parts chain, the ice division, and hundreds of store locations, were sold between 1987 and 1990 to pay off loans that were taken out during the buyout. This also meant that, in many big cities, 7-Eleven stores were sold to other convenience stores. In October 1990, the Southland Corp., who owned money, filed a pre-packaged Chapter 11 bankruptcy to give control of 70% of the company to Japanese company Ito-Yokado.

Southland exited bankruptcy in March 1991, after Ito-Yokado and Seven-Eleven Japan gave them $430 million. These two Japanese companies now controlled 70% of the company. The Thompson family kept 5%. In 1999, Southland Corp. changed its name to 7-Eleven, Inc., because they sold every store other than 7-Eleven. Ito-Yokado formed Seven & I Holdings Co. and 7-Eleven became its branch in 2005. In 2007, Seven & I Holdings expanded its American operations, and made 1,000 more 7-Eleven stores in the United States.

For the 2010 rankings, 7-Eleven climbed to the Number 3 spot in "Entrepreneur" Magazine's 31st Annual Franchise 500, "the first and most comprehensive ranking in the world." This was the 17th year 7-Eleven was named in the top 10.

Also in 2010, the first "green" 7-Eleven store opened in DeLand, Florida. The store has U.S. Green Building Council's (USGBC) Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design elements. The environmentally-friendly design helps the store save money on energy costs. That same year, 7-Eleven went mobile with the launch of the Slurpee drink's iPhone and Android Application (App). The Slurpee drink app made it easy to find 7-Eleven stores and gives driving directions. In 2011, 7-Eleven celebrated its 40,000th store opening and within two years of that goal opened its 60,000th store. In 2020, 7-Eleven bought Speedway for $21 billion.

7-Eleven in the United States sells Slurpee drinks, a partially frozen soft drink introduced in 1965, and Big Gulp drinks, made in 1976. Other products include: 7-Select private-brand products, coffee, sandwiches, salads, bakery items, hot and prepared foods, gasoline, dairy, carbonated beverages and energy drinks, juices, financial services and product delivery services.

7-Eleven opened its first store in Mainland China in Shenzhen, Guangdong in 1992 and then later expanded to Beijing in 2004, Chengdu and Shanghai in 2011, Qingdao in 2012, and Chongqing in 2013. In Mainland China's 7-Eleven stores where Slurpees are offered, the Chinese name (sīlèbīng) is used. They also offer a lot of warm food, with items like steamed buns, and stores in Chengdu offer a full variety of onigiri (饭团). Beverages, candy, and other convenience items are available as well. Most of these stores are open for 24 hours a day.

7-Eleven first opened in Hong Kong in 1981. It has operated in Hong Kong since 1989 under the ownership of Dairy Farm. With most locations being in areas with many people, about 40 percent are franchised stores. In September 2004, Dairy Farm acquired Daily Stop, a convenience-store chain located mainly in the territory's MTR stations, and then changed them to 7-Eleven stores. In 2009, Hong Kong has 950 7-Eleven stores and has the second-highest density of 7-Eleven stores after Macau, with one outlet per .

In 2008, 7-Eleven said they will start more business in Indonesia through a master franchise agreement with Modern Sevel Indonesia and Media Nusantara Citra. Modern Sevel Indonesia's original plans were to open stores in Jakarta first, especially in areas where there are many other commercial or business buildings. Other major cities, such as Bandung, Semarang, and Surabaya were listed as possible locations to go into. There were 190 7-Eleven stores in Indonesia in 2014.

Japan has more 7-Eleven locations than anywhere else in the world. They often have the title of its current holding company "Seven & I Holdings". Of the 58,389 stores around the globe, 18,249 stores (31% of global stores) are in Japan, with 2,246 stores in Tokyo alone. On September 1, 2005, Seven & I Holdings Co., Ltd., a new holding company, became the owner of 7-Eleven, Ito Yokado, and Denny's Japan.

7-Eleven stores in Japan look different from stores in other countries as they offer a wider (more) selection of products and services. Following the example of other convenience stores in Japan, 7-Eleven has solar panels and LEDs installed in about 1,400 of its stores.

7-Eleven entered the Macau market in 2005 under the ownership of Dairy Farm, the same group operating Hong Kong's 7-Eleven. With only 25.9 square kilometers, Macau has 45 stores, making it the single market with the highest number of 7-Eleven stores, containing one store per 0.65 square kilometers.

Malaysian 7-Eleven stores are owned by 7-Eleven Malaysia Sdn. Bhd., which ran 1,855 stores nationwide (as of July 2015). 7-Eleven in Malaysia was incorporated on June 4, 1984, by the Berjaya Group Berhad. The first 7-Eleven store was opened in October 1984, in Jalan Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur. It's popular in Sandakan and Kota Kinabalu because their prices are cheaper. In Sandakan the Slurpee beverage is popular among teen and kids.

In the Philippines, 7-Eleven is run by the Philippine Seven Corporation. Its first store, in Quezon City, opened in 1984. In 2000, President Chain Store Corporation of Taiwan, also a license of 7-Eleven, bought most of the shares of PSC and created a plan to have all convenience stores in the area be theirs. At the end of 2015, 7-Eleven stores totaled 1,602, up 25% from 1,282 stores in end-2014. A total of 1,391 7-Eleven stores are in Luzon, 178 in Visayas, and 33 in Mindanao.

In Singapore, 7-Eleven forms the largest group of convenience stores island-wide. There are currently 560 7-Eleven stores all over the country. Stores in Singapore are operated by Dairy Farm International Holdings, franchised under a licensing agreement with 7-Eleven Incorporated.

The first 7-Eleven stores were opened in 1983 with a franchise license under the Jardine Matheson Group. The license was then acquired by Cold Storage Singapore, a subsidiary of the Dairy Farm Group, in 1989.

7-Eleven stores in Singapore operate 24 hours a day, with the exception of stores in Biopolis, hospitals, MRT Stations, some shopping centres, ITE College West, Singapore Polytechnic, Republic Polytechnic, and Nanyang Technological University, which have shorter operating hours.

7-Eleven can be found in the Republic of Korea convenience store market in many places, where it competes with Ministop, GS25 (formerly LG25), FamilyMart, and independent competitors. There are 7,064 7-Eleven stores in the Republic of Korea; with only Japan, the United States, and Thailand hosting more stores. The first 7-Eleven store in the Republic of Korea opened in 1989 in Songpa-gu in Seoul with a franchise license under the Lotte Group. In January 2010, Lotte Group acquired the Buy the Way convenience store chain and rebranded its 1,000 stores under the 7-Eleven brand.

In Taiwan, 7-Eleven is the largest convenience store chain and is owned by under Uni-President Enterprises Corporation. The first store opened in 1979 and the 5,000th store was opened in July 2014.

The first store opened in 1989 on Patpong Road in Bangkok. The franchise in Thailand is the CP ALL Public Company Limited, which in turn grants franchises to operators. There were 8,334 7-Eleven stores in Thailand in 2013. Half of them are in Bangkok. Thailand has the 2nd largest number of 7-Eleven stores after Japan .

The company plans to spend five billion Thai baht to expand its business. Two billion will be used to open 500 new outlets, one billion to make stores already around better, and the rest to develop a new center in the East.

Seven & I Holdings announced in June 2014 that they had agreed a contract with Seven Emirates Investment LLC to open the first Middle Eastern 7-Eleven in Dubai, United Arab Emirates during the summer of 2015. The company also said that they had plans to open about 100 stores in the country by the end of 2017. The first store was opened in October 2015.

The first European 7-Eleven store was opened in Stockholm, Sweden in 1978. 7-Eleven was available in Spain until 2000 with many stores inside Repsol petrol stations, as well as some other petrol-stations across the country. 7-Eleven stores are now solely in the Scandinavian region of Europe.

The owner of the master franchise for 7-Eleven in Scandinavia is Reitan Servicehandel, an arm of the Norwegian retail group, Reitan Group. After Reitangruppen bought the filling station chain, HydroTexaco (now YX Energy), in Norway and Sweden in 2006, it announced that several of the stores at the petrol stations would be rebranded as 7-Elevens and that the petrol would be supplied by Shell. Other stores remain under the YX brand.

During the 1980s, small 7-Eleven convenience stores were common in the larger towns and cities of the Southeastern UK. The company stopped trading operations in 1997, but considered starting UK trading in 2014.

The first 7-Eleven store in Denmark was opened at Østerbro in Copenhagen on September 14, 1993. There are currently 196 stores, mostly in Copenhagen, Aarhus, Aalborg, and Odense, including 8 stores at Copenhagen Central Station. In Denmark, 7-Eleven has an agreement with Shell, with a nationwide network of Shell/7-Eleven service stations, and an agreement with DSB to have 7-Eleven stores at most S-train stations.

The first 7-Eleven store in Norway was opened at Grünerløkka in Oslo on September 13, 1986. As of January 2012, there are 162 7-Eleven stores in Norway, more than 50% in Oslo. Norway has the northernmost 7-Eleven in the world, in Tromsø. On a per-capita basis, Norway has one 7–Eleven store for every 47,000 Norwegians, compared to Canada, which has one for every 74,000 Canadians.

Reitan Servicehandel Sverige has held the license in Sweden since December 1997. In the mid-1990s period, 7-Eleven in Sweden received adverse publicity due to the unfavourable labour contracts offered by its then-licensee, "Small Shops," an American-based company, resulting in many stores being sold and closed down. For a time, there were only 7-Elevens in Stockholm and Gothenburg.

7-Eleven returned to the south of Sweden in 2001, when a convenience store opened in Lund. Later in the 2000s, the Swedish 7-Eleven chain was involved in controversy when the Swedish TV channel TV3 exposed widespread fraud on the part of Reitan Servicehandel in its management of the 7-Eleven franchise, which Reitan Servicehandel eventually admitted to on its website.

7-Eleven entered the Turkish market in 1989, opening its first store on September 11. Major stakeholder of the master franchise, Özer Çiller sold his shares in 1993, after his wife Tansu Çiller became the Prime Minister. In the 2010s, 7-Eleven left the Turkish market, transferring most of its stores to franchise owners.

The first 7-Eleven store to open in Canada was in Calgary, Alberta, on June 29, 1969. There are 604 7-Eleven stores in Canada in 2022. Winnipeg, Manitoba, has the world's largest number of Slurpee consumers, with an estimated 1,500,000 Slurpees sold since the first 7-Eleven opened on March 21, 1970. All 7-Eleven locations in Canada are corporate operated. Like its U.S. counterparts, every July 11 7-Eleven stores gives Slurpees for free on "7-Eleven Day".

A limited number of 7-Eleven locations have gas stations from Shell Canada, Petro-Canada, or Esso. In November 2005, 7-Eleven started giving the Speak Out Wireless cellphone service in Canada. 7-Eleven locations also featured CIBC ATMsin June 2012, these machines were replaced with ATMs operated by Scotiabank. 7-Eleven left the Ottawa, Ontario, market in December 2009 after selling all of the six outlets to Quickie Convenience Stores, a regional chain. Following concerns over the fate of Speak Out Wireless customers, Quickie offered to assume existing SpeakOut customers and phones into its Good2Go cellphone program. 7-Eleven is similarly absent from the Quebec market due to its saturation by chains like Alimentation Couche-Tard, Boni-soir as well as independent dépanneurs.

In Mexico, the first 7-Eleven store opened in 1971 in Monterrey in association with Grupo Chapa (now Iconn) and 7-Eleven, Inc. under the name Super 7. In 1995, Super 7 was renamed to 7-Eleven, which has 1,552 stores in the country. When stores are located within classically designed buildings (such as in Centro Histórico buildings) or important landmarks, the storefront logo is displayed in monochrome with gold or silver lettering. The main competitors in Mexico are OXXO (Femsa), Super City (Soriana), and Farmacias Guadalajara.

"Supermarket News" ranked 7-Eleven's North American operations Number 11 in the 2007 "Top 75 North American Food Retailers," based on the 2006 fiscal year estimated sales of US$15 billion. Based on the 2005 revenue, 7-Eleven is the twenty-fourth largest retailer in the United States. In 2022, 9,458 7-Eleven units were in the United States. Franchise fees range between US$10,000 – $1,000,000 and the ongoing royalty rate varies. 7-Eleven America has its headquarters in the One Arts Plaza building in Downtown Dallas, Texas. Small-size Slurpees are free on "7-Eleven Day", on July 11.

7-Eleven Stores of Oklahoma operate independently since 1953. They are under an agreement with William Brown, it is currently led by son James Brown.

In the United States, many 7-Eleven locations used to have filling stations with gasoline distributed by Citgo, which in 1983 was purchased by Southland Corporation (50% of Citgo was subsequently sold in 1986 to Petróleos de Venezuela, S.A., with the remaining 50% acquired in 1990). Although Citgo was the predominant partner of 7-Eleven, other oil companies are also co-branded with 7-Eleven, including Fina, Exxon, Gulf, Marathon, BP, Shell, Chevron (some former TETCO convenience stores were co-branded with Chevron, and Texaco prior to the 7-Eleven purchase in late 2012), and Pennzoil. Alon USA is the largest 7-Eleven licensee in North America. On September 27, 2006, 7-Eleven announced the impending cessation of its 20-year contract with Citgo and that the contract would not be renewed.

7-Eleven signed an agreement with ExxonMobil in December 2010 for the acquisition of 183 sites in Florida. This was followed by the acquisition of 51 ExxonMobil sites in North Texas in August 2011.

Other notable 7-Eleven fuel suppliers also include Star Fuels.

The first 7-Eleven in Australia opened on August 24, 1977, in the Melbourne suburb of Oakleigh. The majority of stores are in metropolitan areas, particularly in central business district areas. Stores in suburban areas often operate as petrol stations and most are owned and operated as franchises, with a central administration. 7-Eleven bought out Mobil's remaining Australian petrol stations in 2010, converting them to 7-Eleven outlets, resulting in an immediate and unprecedented overnight major expansion of the brand.

7-Eleven stores in Australia sell a wide range of items, including daily newspapers, drinks, confectionery, and snack foods. They also sell gift cards, including three types of pre-paid VISA cards. The chain has also partnered with BankWest, placing a BankWest ATM in each of their stores nationwide. Each year on November 7, 7-Eleven promotes "7-Eleven Day" by giving away a free Slurpee to customers.

In April 2014, 7-Eleven announced plans to start operating stores in Western Australia, with 11 stores planned to operate within the first year and a total of 75 stores established within five years. The first store was opened on October 30, 2014 in the city of Fremantle.

In August 2015, Fairfax Media and the ABC's Four Corners program found out about the employment rules of certain 7-Eleven stores in Australia. They found out that many 7-Eleven employees were being paid from A$10 to A$14 per hour without adding tax, under the minimum of A$24.69 per hour. They did this by having pay records that "looked" like they were paying them the rate, however these records would only show half of the hours that the employee worked in a week. Employees would then be paid on the basis of these records, resulting in them effectively being paid half of how much they worked. It was also reported that workers were often not paid things that they legally have to be paid for, for working extra, night time, weekends, and holidays. After everyone saw these reports, some employees told Fairfax Media that they were paid high amounts, however would then be asked by the store to give half of it back.

7-Eleven said they would pay to find out about wage fraud. A separate panel led by ACCC chairman Allan Fels would investigate the fraud, with the support of professional services firm Deloitte. The inquiry will invite submissions from current and former 7-Eleven employees who allege they have been underpaid, and assess each individual claim. In September 2015, chairman Russ Withers and chief executive Warren Wilmon both announced they will stop working at the company. Deputy chairman Michael Smith replaced Withers, while Bob Baily temporarily replaced Wilmon.


Busswil bei Büren

Busswil bei Büren was a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the municipality of Busswil bei Büren merged into the municipality of Lyss.

Busswil bei Melchnau

Busswil bei Melchnau is a municipality of the administrative district Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Pepper&amp;Carrot

Pepper&Carrot is an open source webcomic series. Its author is the French artist David Revoy. The series consists of small episodes about teenage witch Pepper and her cat Carrot. The comic is translated into more than 28 different languages. The stories do not contain violence. That's because Revoy wants "Pepper&Carrot" to be accessible for everyone.

Revoy says he makes the series only with free software, such as Krita and Inkscape. You can download Krita source files for every image.

Anyone can use the images. They are available under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 license. Revoy says he likes fanart and other works based on "Pepper&Carrot".

Revoy aims to draw one episode every month.
Revoy wants to change the comic book industry by removing intermediate steps in the production process. "Pepper&Carrot" is free, but Revoy lets people support him on the Patreon crowdfunding platform. You can sign up to give a small amount of money per episode that he makes. Patreon takes 5% of the money. The credit card companies take another part. This is still less than a traditional comic production, where the publisher, distributors and retailers want money.

Champoz

Champoz is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Champoz is on the southern slope of Moron mountain.

Châtelat

Châtelat was a municipality in the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Châtelat, Monible, Sornetan and Souboz merged to form the new municipality of Petit-Val.

Freddie Wadling

Berndt Arvid Freddie Wadling (August 2, 1951 – June 2, 2016) was a Swedish singer, actor and opera writer. He was born in Gothenburg. His 30-year musical career extended from punk to classical ballads. 

In the 1980s and 1990s, he was vocalist of the Swedish alternative pop/rock duo Blue for Two. The duo started in Gothenburg in 1984 with him on vocals.

After Two for Blue stopped performing by the end of the 1990s, Wadling developed a solo career. He released a great number of albums, and very notably the highly acclaimed "En skiva till kaffet" (1999) and "Jag är monstret" (2005). He also recorded songs by John Dowland with the Forge Players in 1998.

Wadling died on June 2, 2016 in Västra Frölunda, Sweden at the age of 64.


Luis Salom

Luis Jaime Salom Horrach (7 August 1991 – 3 June 2016) was a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle racer. He was born in Palma, Majorca. 

Salom won his first Grand Prix in Indianapolis in 2012, beating Sandro Cortese and Maverick Viñales in a last-lap fight. He also won at Aragon. He finished the championship in second behind Cortese.
Salom died on 3 June 2016 while racing in the 2016 Catalan Moto2 Grand Prix in Barcelona after crashing against a wall, aged 24.


Göschenen

Göschenen (, ) is a village in the Swiss canton of Uri. It has an area of .


Gurtnellen

Gurtnellen is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Uri. It has an area of .


Flat lens

A flat lens is a new technology . They are based on electromagnetic metasurfaces. They are ultrathin surfaces which can be coated to act like a lens. The idea has been widely reported as a major advance in imaging.

Charlotte Flair

Ashley Elizabeth Fliehr (born April 5, 1986) is an American professional wrestler. She works to WWE, where she performs on their SmackDown brand under the ring name Charlotte Flair.

Flair is one of the most successful women in WWE, having won 17 championships so far: She won the WWE (Raw) Women's Championship a record six times, the SmackDown Women's Championship a record seven times, the NXT Women's Championship twice, and both the Women's Tag Team and Divas Championships once. She was the last Divas Champion and the first (Raw) Women's Champion, when it replaced the Divas title at WrestleMania 32. 

Flair is the daughter of former professional wrestler Ric Flair. As a tribute to her father's group, The Four Horsemen, she, Sasha Banks, Bayley and Becky Lynch have called themselves "The Four Horsewomen of WWE". She married Andrade, who is also a wrestler, in 2022.


Clavaleyres

Clavaleyres was a municipality in Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, it was merged with Murten in the canton of Fribourg.


Corcelles, Bern

Corcelles is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Adligenswil

Adligenswil is a municipality of the district Lucerne-Land in the Swiss canton of Lucerne. It is east of the city of Lucerne and borders on canton Schwyz.


Salt March

Mahatma Gandhi was the leader of the Salt March and was part of the Indian independence movement. It was a non-violent protest against the salt tax by the British government. The Indians were upset that the government increased the price of salt.

Mahatma Gandhi led the march. It started on March 12, 1930. It went from Sabarmati Ashram to the village of Dandi. Marchers took a handful of salt from the shore. They then announced that they had broken the law by making salt. This was a major but peaceful challenge against Britain's colony. This move enraged the British and they called for his arrest. 

The British then came to the beach and beat Gandhi and anyone with him, but the Indians didn't fight back. They stood there, to prove their point.

St. Louis County, Minnesota

Saint Louis County (abbreviated St. Louis County) is a county located in the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of the 2020 census, the population was 200,231. Its county seat is Duluth. It is the largest county by total area in Minnesota. It is the largest in the United States east of the Mississippi River.

Saint Louis County is included in the Duluth, MN-WI Metropolitan statistical area. Major industries include pulpwood production and tourism. Surface mining of high-grade iron-ore remains an important part of the economy of the Iron Range. Parts of the Bois Forte and Fond du Lac Indian reservations are in the county.

St. Louis County was created on March 3, 1855 by acts of the territorial legislature. It was named for the St. Louis River, the largest river entering Lake Superior. It is a major river flowing through the county. As of 1860 the population was only 406. By 1870 it was 4,561. According to the state census, by 1895 the population had grown to 78,575. 

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (8.9%) is water. By area, it is the largest county in Minnesota and the largest in the United States east of the Mississippi River.

St. Louis County is known for its spectacular natural beauty. It includes Voyageurs National Park,Superior National Forest and the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. It is the gateway to the North Shore of Lake Superior. St. Louis county has 1,000 lakes and hundreds of miles of rivers and trout streams.

Saint Louis County has one of the most important fresh water ports in the United States, located in Duluth on Lake Superior. The county is part of the Iron Range, which has a significant taconite mining industry. Three-fourths of the iron ore in the United States comes from this area.

Protoplast

Protoplast in modern biology, is what is left of a cell when the cell wall is dissolved. That leaves the cell's nucleus and the surrounding protoplasmic materials.

Definition: a protoplast is a plant, bacterial or fungal cell that had its cell wall completely or partially removed using either mechanical or enzymatic means.

Because cell walls are made differently in the different kingdoms, different enzymes are used to remove them.

Cell walls are made of a variety of polysaccharides. Protoplasts can be made by degrading cell walls with a mixture of the appropriate polysaccharide-degrading enzymes:
The reason for removing the cell walls is to allow many different experimental techniques to be used.

Protoplasts are widely used for DNA transformation (for making genetically modified organisms), since the cell wall would otherwise block the passage of DNA into the cell. In the case of plant cells, protoplasts can be regenerated into whole plants.

This Is What the Truth Feels Like

This Is What the Truth Feels Like is the third studio album by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani. It was released on March 18, 2016 by Interscope Records, and is her first solo album in ten years.

"This Is What the Truth Feels Like" has received favorable reviews from music critics.

On April 18, 2016; Stefani announced that she will tour with American rapper Eve to promote the album, the tour was mainly around America and Canada and started at Mansfield, Massachusetts on July 12, 2016.

Can't Take Me Home

Can't Take Me Home is the debut studio album by American singer Pink, released in the United States on April 4, 2000 by LaFace Records. The music on the album was "urban" and featured mainly hip hop, hip hop soul and R&B type songs, all of Pink's following albums would mainly be pop rock and R&B sounding. The UK version of the album featured the artwork in blue and two UK garage remixes on it.

"Can't Take Me Home" received mainly positive reviews from music critics.


Start menu

The start menu is a part of the graphical user interfaces found in many operating systems. It is well known for its use in Microsoft Windows, where it is used to start programs, open files, change system settings, and get help if a user doesn't know how to do what they want to do.
Since Windows 95, the button used to show the start menu, called the "start button", is found at the bottom left corner of the screen, on the far left side of the taskbar. Clicking this button will make a list of menu items appear, from which the user can find a list of programs, documents or settings, search their computer for something by name (Find), enter the location of a file to open it (Run), get help on using Windows, or turn off the computer (Shut Down).

The Start menu has, for the most part, stayed more or less like this, although there were changes in later versions of Windows such as Windows XP. But for Windows 8 (and its follow-up version, Windows 8.1), Microsoft replaced the menu with a "Start screen" that covers the entire screen rather than just part of it. Here, programs and files show up as large "tiles" that can show information from the program or the contents of the file without the need to open it. For many people, this was a big change that they did not like as they were used to the older look of the Start menu, and so when Microsoft designed Windows 10, the company brought back this look while keeping the "live tiles" from Windows 8.

Diego Godín

Diego Roberto Godín Leal (born 16 February 1986) is an Uruguayan professional footballer who currently plays as a centre-back for Serie A club Cagliari and the Uruguay national football team. He has also played for Atletico Madrid, Inter Milan, Cerro, Nacional and Villarreal.

"Scores and results list Uruguay's goal tally first."

Atlético Madrid

Inter Milan

Atlético Mineiro

Uruguay

Individual

Air Tahiti Nui

Air Tahiti Nui is a French airline, based in the French Polynesia. It was formed in 1996. The first flight was from Papeete to Los Angeles on November 20, 1998. Later on, it started going to Tokyo, Osaka, Auckland, Paris and Sydney. As of 2016, Air Tahiti Nui goes to only 4 destinations from its hub at Fa'a'ā International Airport. The airline has a fleet of 5 Airbus A340 airplanes. 

Vegemite

Vegemite is a food commonly made in Australia. It is made from leftover yeast extract used for making beer. Vegemite is usually used as a spread for sandwiches, toast, crumpets and cracker biscuits, sometimes with butter.

Exo

EXO is a boy group of South Korea formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2011. At the beginning of 2012 it was formed completely. It was previously composed of twelve members, separated into two sub-groups, EXO-K and EXO-M. Each subgroup sings songs in either Korean or Mandarin. EXO gained popularity with the release of their first studio album, entitled "XOXO" (2013), which resulted in successes "Wolf" and "Growl". They were awarded a 'Disk Daesang' at 28th Golden Disk Awards and 'Album of the Year' in 15th Mnet Asian Music Awards. The album sold more than one million copies. EXO is the South Korean artist with more sales than any other within a period of twelve years. Their third mini-album called Overdose (2014), positioned at the top of the "Billboard" 200. EXO was later named as the most influential celebrity of Korea throughout 2014 by Forbes Korea. In 2015, their second studio album, "EXODUS" gave them the highest position on "Billboard" 200 albums lists, as well as a K-pop album with the highest sales in the first week. The first single "Call Me Baby" was the first song of K-pop in the Canadian Hot 100. "EXODUS" sold more than 1 million copies, EXO also earned the nickname of "double million seller". Their fourth mini-album, "Sing for You" (2015), earned a record in its first week selling more than 267,900 copies. EXO was said to be the celebrity most influential in 2015 by Forbes Korea. In May 2014, Kris filed a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment to terminate his contract with the agency. Luhan did the same in November 2014. In April 2015, Tao followed the same steps as Kris and Luhan in August 2015. Following the departure of three members, EXO now has nine members.

In May 2011, in a Hallyu business seminar, which was held at Stanford University, Lee Soo-man talked about strategies to "create a new boyband where they will be divided in two subgroups and the promotion of the same song simultaneously in South Korea and China, that is, with one interpretation of the language Korean or Mandarin." After several changes, in December 2011 the group decided to be identified as EXO taken from Exoplanet. They are divided into two sub-groups, EXO-K ('K' of Korean) to Korea in the South and EXO-M ('M' for Mandarin) to China. Their first appearance on television was on December 29, 2011 during the SBS's Gayo Daejun.

The single prologue of EXO-K and EXO-M, "What Is Love" was released on January 30, 2012 in South Korea and mainland China. The single was positioned at number 88 on the Korean Gaon Single Chart. On March 9, they released the second single entitled "History", which was written and produced by Thomas Troelsen and Remee. The single made number 78 in Gaon Single Chart and number 6 on China's Sina Music Chart. A concert by the group took place at the Olympic Stadium in Seoul on March 31. Approximately 3,000 fans of 8,000 were selected to attend. A second concert was held in the great Hall of Beijing University of Economics and business, April 1. Both subunits released the third single entitled "Mama" on April 8 followed by an EP of the same name the next day. The two subunits promoted the album separately in two countries. On April 8, one day before the release of the EP, EXO-K had their debut performance on the musical program of South Korea "Inkigayo", while EXO-M made its debut in China Awards 12th Yinyue Fengyun Bang Awards the same day. The Mandarin version of "Mama" headlined at the number 2 in the Chinese chart Sina.com, while the Korean version was number 1 of Gaon Albums Chart and number 8 on the Billboard World Albums Chart. The Mandarin version of the music video "Mama" reached number 1 on the websites of Chinese transmission, while the Korean version was ranked number 7 on YouTube's Global Chart. At the end of April, EXO-M appeared as guests in the concert of Super Junior "Super Show 4" in Jakarta, Indonesia. In November 2012, EXO won an award as Best New Group of Asian Artists in 2012 Mnet Asian Music Awards. EXO-K three nominations in 27th Golden Disk Awards gaining in the newcomer category. EXO-M awarded the Most Popular Group in 2013 Top Chinese Music Awards.

The group released their first studio album entitled "XOXO" in June 2013 with two versions, Korean edition "Kiss" and the "Hug" mandarin. EXO-K and EXO-M did their promotions jointly; mainly in South Korea. EXO recorded the single main "Wolf" but the rest of the songs they recorded separately. The two versions collectively ranked number 1 in Billboard World Albums Chart a week after release.
The repackage album entitled "Growl", was released on August 5, 2013, with three additional new tracks. The single reissue, "Growl", was released on August 1, 2013. "Growl" achieved 10.554 points in "Inkigayo". "Growl" headlined at number 1 in the four most important music programs in Korea, winning a total of ten trophies in three consecutive weeks. The single was number 3 in Korea K-Pop Hot 100 of Billboard and number 2 in Gaon Chart. In December 2013, two versions of "XOXO", sold 1,000,000 copies, marking to EXO as the first Korean artist to sell a million copies in twelve years and broke the record for fastest selling K-pop act. "XOXO" was named the Album of the Year in 2013 at Mnet Asian Music Awards, making EXO as the youngest boyband in the prize.They won the 'Disk Daesang' award at several award ceremonies such as the Golden Disk Awards and Seoul Music Awards. The second EP of the band entitled "Miracles in December" was officially released on December 9, 2013 as a special album of winter through commercial outlets in South Korea and online music stores. Baekhyun, Chen and D.O. sing the single main of the album "Miracles in December", in "M! Countdown", December 5. Luhan also joined the trio on stage for the promotions of the first single on other music programs.

EXO ended 2013 with six albums in the Top 10 best-selling albums of Gaon, including all their releases of records, both in the Korean version in mandarin, as well as their first EP "Mama".

The third EP of the group "Overdose", was released on May 7, 2014. It was originally scheduled to be released on April 21, but was delayed by the wreck of the Sewol on April 16. "Overdose" was promoted in the same way as "Mama", with EXO-K promoting EXO-M in China and South Korea. The album reached 660,000+ pre-orders before its release, so it is the most pre-ordered EP in history. The Korean edition was also positioned at number 2 in Billboard's World Albums Chart and number 129 on the "Billboard 200", making the male group of Korea with the highest Billboard 200 graphics to EXO. "Overdose" became the best-selling album in South Korea in 2014 and the first mini-album in finishing the annual graphics and winning the Album of the Year at Mnet Asian Music Awards. At the end of the year, EXO was the top-selling K-pop artist in Japan. On May 15, 2015, S.M. Entertainment confirmed that Kris,the leader signed a lawsuit against the agency, indicating violation of human rights as the main reason. On October 10 Luhan also signed a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment, due to health problems and being treated differently than the Korean members. S.M. Entertainment announced that the group will continue promoting with ten members. The group held their first tour "EXO From. EXOPLANET #1 - THE LOST PLANET", beginning on may 24 in the Olympic Stadium of Seoul. Tickets of the concert sold out in 1.47 seconds.

The second tour of EXO was announced in January 2015, titled The EXO'luXion. Five concerts were held in Seoul in the Olympic Stadium, from March 7. One million fans had tried to buy tickets online. On February 4, 2015, S.M. Entertainment, signed a lawsuit against Kris and Luhan for illegally continuing their promotions in China. The demand was to stop their actions and the advertisement using the trademark S.M.

The second album by EXO, Exodus, was released March 30 in Mandarin and Korean versions. Domestic sales for the album exceeded 500,000 within 24 hours, setting a new sales record. The main single, "Call Me Baby", was released on March 27 due to leaked versions of the song. The music video was released four days later, the Korean version received more than 4,000,000 views and the Mandarin version 2,000,000 views in just 24 hours. EXO starred in the mini-drama entitled "EXO Next Door" with Moon Ga-young actress.

"Call Me Baby", proved to be successful winning eighteen times in musical programs of South Korea, making it the second most awarded song ever. "EXODUS (Korean version) " also broke records after remaining number one in Gaon Album Chart for four consecutive weeks. The album eventually came to sell more than one million copies, and is the second album of the group after "XOXO" to do so. "EXODUS" was named as 'Album of the year' in the 2015 Mnet Asian Music Awards, making this the third consecutive victory for the group from 2013.

On April 22, the father of Tao issued a letter through Weibo expressing his feelings for his son to leave the group and return to China; due to the lack of support with regard to the developments of jis individual career and health problems. Tao had suffered previously several injuries, including a tendon torn in ankle, that had not properly been treated, and had to leave promotions for the second album by the group "EXODUS". On April 23, S.M. Entertainment released an official statement saying that they were going to be looking for negotiation with Tao and his father. Tao later confirmed that had left S.M. Entertainment.

On June 3, the version repackage of "EXODUS", entitled "Love Me Right", was released. The album contains the songs original of "EXODUS" and four new songs, including the single main "Love Me Right". 

The Japanese official debut was planned in the Tokyo Dome during three days consecutively. On November 4, EXO released the first single in Japanese "Love I Right ~romantic universe~", which contains the Japanese version of their Korean single "Love Me Right" as well as the Japanese song "Drop That". On the day of its launch, EXO sold a total of 147,000 copies, reaching the top of the Oricon charts.

It was announced that EXO will be collaborating with "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" as part of the collaboration between S.M. Entertainment and Walt Disney. On November 9, the single "Lightsaber" was released to promote the film before its release in Korea.

On December 10, EXO released the second album special winter "Sing for You" along with two singles, "Sing for You" and "Unfair".

In February 2016, EXO led the tour "EXO'luXion" to North America, presenting in Dallas, Vancouver, Los Angeles, Chicago and New York.

EXO was ranked as the most powerful celebrity by Forbes Korea in the year 2015.

In June 2016, S.M. Entertainment announced that EXO released their third studio album, "EX'ACT" and two singles "Lucky One" and "Monster" at the same time. On June 3, the group released the teaser of "Lucky One" which in twelve hours got over a million views. The album's national pre-sales exceed 660,000 copies, making it the most pre-sold K-pop album of all time. The album later broke the record for the highest sales during the first week, breaking its previous record set by "Sing for You", selling 522,372 copies in a week. The album also went on to top the list of United World Albums Chart. The second single from "EX'ACT", "Monster", became the first EXO number one on Billboard World Digital Songs Chart songs and spent two weeks at number one. The album's first single, "Lucky One" debuted at number three on the Billboard World Digital Songs Chart and remained in first place for two weeks. The song was also on the top of iTunes in seven countries.
In June, as part of the "EX'ACT" promotions, EXO and Korea's fashion magazine "W Korea" collaborated on EXOclusive to publish fifty-four pages, ninth edition of the cover of magazine. EXOclusive finished recording the highest number of sales as a fashion magazine in Korea after selling almost a million copies. On July 15, S.M. Entertainment and Putto Entertainment launched an official mobile game of EXO, "EXORUN". On July 21, Kris and Luhan officially separated from EXO.

On July 22, EXO began its third tour, EXO FROM. EXOPLANET # 3 - The EXO'rDIUM. In preparation for the tour, S.M. Entertainment announced the launch of EXO's second official lightstick. The new lightsitck features a white wand with the official EXO logo on the top that shows a multicolored changing light. After holding concerts from July 22 until July 31 with over 84,000 attendees, EXO set a record as the first artist to hold six consecutive concerts at the Olympic Gymnastics Arena. On August 18, they published the repackaged version of "EX'ACT" titled "LOTTO". The album contains the nine songs of EX'ACT with four new songs, "Lotto (Louder)", "She's Dreaming", "Can not Bring Me Down" and "Monster (LDN Noise Creeper Bass Remix)".

On September 7, EXO announced through a video that they would be releasing their second Japanese single titled "Coming Over" and a Japanese album containing three original Japanese songs in December. On October 7, the full song was made available in Japan through the AWA application, a popular Japanese streaming service, and was played over 100,000 times in 12 hours before the promotional event ended.

On September 17, EXO released their song "Dancing King" with Yoo Jae-suk along with a music video for SM Station. The song was ranked number two on Gaon Digital Chart and number one on Gaon Download Chart. "Dancing King" also ranked number three on Billboard's World Digital Songs Chart. On December 7, EXO released their second Japanese single "Coming Over", it contains three original singles. On December 19, 2016, "For Life" was released, the group's fifth EP and third Christmas album.

In April 2017, Samsung and EXO collaborated on a special project for the Samsung Galaxy S8. On May 25, during a press conference at the Olympic Stadium of Jamsil in Seoul, the group announced their comeback in summer. Baekhyun commented that the single from the new album was ready. On June 23, S.M. Entertainment announced that Lay would not participate in the comeback of the group due to his activities in China. EXO's fourth studio album, "The War", was digitally released on July 18 and physically on July 19. The album contains nine songs including the lead single "Ko Ko Bop". On September 21, S.M. Entertainment announced that EXO would return with the reissue of "The War" in early September. The title of the reissue was revealed as "The War: The Power of Music" and was released on September 5, 2017 with twelve songs including the new single "Power".

On October 19, they announced their fourth tour titled EXO Planet#4 - The EℓyXiOn, which would begin with three concerts in Seoul from November 24 to 26, 2017.

It was announced on November 4, 2017 through the Japanese EXO website, that the group would release their first Japanese album entitled "Countdown" on January 24, 2018.

On December 5, 2017, EXO released the short music video for Electric Kiss on YouTube, the title track for "Countdown".

On December 14, 2017, SM Entertainment confirmed that EXO will be releasing a winter album titled "Universe" on December 21, 2017.








What You Waiting For?

"What You Waiting For?" is a single by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani. It is from her first solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby.". It was the first single from the album. It was written by Stefani and Linda Perry.





The song's music video was directed by Francis Lawrence, filmed in March 2004. and produced by Caleb Dewart of DNA Inc The video deals directly with the lyrics' theme of Stefani's search for inspiration in songwriting. It opens with a lengthy non-musical section in which Stefani arrives in Los Angeles off of No Doubt's Rock Steady Tour. She receives several calls from Interscope label head Jimmy Iovine, who attempts to push her forward with her solo debut project, but she replies that she is tired and uninspired. After a failed studio attempt, Stefani sees a flyer advertising help for writer's block. Upon arrival, she is asked to fill out a suspicious questionnaire, where the camera pans to the questions which will be important. She is then told that she will be billed when she is finished. She asks for clarification only to discover that she is already back in the studio by herself. When Stefani picks up an oversized pocket watch from the piano, a rabbit knick-knack that she had previously seen jumps across the room. She throws the watch at the knick-knack, causing her to fall back on her wooden chair and find herself transported to a fantasy world based on Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."


Lemonade (Beyoncé album)

Lemonade is the sixth studio album by American singer Beyoncé. It was released on April 23, 2016, by Parkwood Entertainment. The album is Beyoncé's second "visual album", following her eponymous 2013 album. It is also a concept album.

"Lemonade" received generally positive reviews from music critics.

Credits adapted from Tidal.



YaCy

YaCy is a free-to-use search engine. At its core is a Java program that is run on several people's computers and constantly analyzes and indexes web pages to add to the search engine.


Handshaking

Handshaking is the connection between the computer and a device. Handshaking is required in order to allow both the computer and device to send protocols to each other. During a handshake, the two devices make sure that they know certain connection requirements of each other. For instance, they will need to find out a suitable bit rate and latency for each other. 

Examples of devices that use this method include a modem or another computer. Normally, handshaking happens between two devices. Although, a TCP three-way handshake is a special type of handshake that involves sending a connection from one computer to another, just done three times.

This method is used to connect two hosts on a computer network together, each host known as the client (the main host) and the server (a distant host), respectively. Once the client wants to make a connection to the server, the client can start a TCP three-way handshake with the server. This will allow the client computer (the main device) to send and receive messages to and from the server (a distant device) once the process is complete. Starting a normal TCP connection requires three separate steps:

In this setup, a synchronize message will request a server to make a connection with each other, while the acknowledgement messages return to the requesting server to let it know the message was received. Letting both hosts send synchronize messages to each other will allow the two hosts to connect with each other in both directions. Each acknowledgement message sent to each other ensures they are still connected with each other.

Corgémont

Corgémont is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is in the French-speaking part of the canton. Corgémont is in the Jura mountains.

Corgémont has a population of 1,650 as of 2014. There are 689 families living in Corgémont. Males make up 50.1% of the population. Females make up 49.9%. The average age is 41.6 years.


Tinikling

Tinikling is a traditional Philippine dance which originated during the Spanish colonial era. The dance involves two people beating, tapping, and sliding bamboo poles on the ground and against each other in coordination with one or more dancers who step over and in between the poles in a dance.The name "tinikling" is a reference to birds close known as "tikling" 

The dance is made/originated in Leyte, an island in the Visayas in the central Philippines. It follows the movement of the tikling birds as they walk between grass stems, run over tree branches, or dodge bamboo traps set by rice farmers. Dancers follow the tikling bird's legendary grace and speed by skillfully between large bamboo poles.

Legend has it that tinikling originated during the Spanish rule of the Philippines, when natives worked on large plantations under the control of the King of Spain.

Term limit

A term limit is a law that limits the number of terms an officeholder may serve in a particular elected office. When term limits are found in presidential systems, they act as a method to reduce the potential for monopoly. This is when a leader effectively becomes a "president for life". Term limits are intended to protect a democracy from becoming a de facto dictatorship. Sometimes, there is an absolute limit on the number of terms an officeholder can serve. In other cases, the restrictions are merely on the number of consecutive (one directly following the other) terms.

Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome, two early civilizations which had elected offices, both imposed limits on some positions. In the ancient Athenian democracy, only offices selected by sortition were subject to terms limits. They included one term of one year for each office, except members of the Council of Five Hundred, where the council was changed every year.

In the Roman Republic, a law was passed imposing a limit of a single term on the office of censor. The annual magistrates - tribune of the plebs, aedile, quaestor, praetor, and consul—were forbidden reelection until a number of years had passed. Also there was a term limit of 6 months for a dictator.

The United States Constitution and many state constitutions have term limits for certain offices. The Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution sets a term limit for the office of President of the United States. It states that "no person may be elected more than twice". It adds, "no person who has held the office of President, or acted as President, for more than two years of a term to which some other person was elected President shall be elected to the office of the President more than once." In addition, 23 states passed laws on term limits for their representatives in Congress. These laws are no longer enforceable, however. In 1995, the Supreme Court of the United States overturned congressional term limits in "U.S. Term Limits, Inc. v. Thornton". They ruled that state governments cannot limit the terms of members of the national government.

LGBT rights in Hawaii

Hawaii has a law that addresses hate crime protection for both actual and/or perceived sexual orientation and gender identity or expression.

According to statute:



Cormoret

Cormoret is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Cortébert

Cortébert is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Court, Switzerland

Court is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is in the French-speaking Bernese Jura ("Jura Bernois").

Constitution of Missouri

The Missouri Constitution is the state constitution of the state of Missouri in the United States. It is the highest law which forms the laws and government of Missouri. It is subject only to the United States Constitution, and the people of Missouri. The fourth and current Missouri Constitution was adopted in 1945. It provides for three branches of government. The legislative branch is the Missouri General Assembly). The executive branch is headed by the Governor of Missouri. The judicial branch is the Supreme Court of Missouri and the Missouri state courts. It also sets up local governments in the form of counties and cities.

The first constitution was written in 1820 in only 38 days. In 1845 the state outgrew its own constitutional limits on creating new counties. A second convention was called in Jefferson City and met from November 1845 until January 1846. But voters would not ratify the proposed constitution in August 1846. The Missouri Constitutional Convention was elected to decide on the issue of secession. But no changes were made to the constitution.

In 1865, delegates met in St. Louis from January 6 to April 8, 1865 to form a new constitution. It was called the 
“Draconian Constitution” and required an oath of loyalty to the Union. It was ratified on June 6, 1865. In 1867, the Supreme Court of the United States struck down the loyalty oath in "Cummings v. Missouri" (71 U.S. 277 (1867)).

Missouri citizens approved a new fourth constitutional convention in 1874. Delegates met in Jefferson City from May 5th to August 2nd, 1875. The changes to the Constitution were mainly about schools. It required 25% of the general revenue be used to support public schools. It also required separate schools for children of African descent. The constitution was ratified on October 30, 1875.

The fifth constitutional convention met in Jefferson City from May 15, 1922 to November 6, 1923. But instead of a new constitution the convention proposed 21 amendments. But the voters refused to approve all 21 amendments at the special election called for February 26, 1924. As a result, none of the amendments were ratified.

The fifth convention was called in Jefferson City on September 21, 1943. The new constitution was approved by the delegates on September 28, 1944 and ratified on February 27, 1945. It has been amended several times since then.


Tor putitora

Tor putitora, the Putitor mahseer, Himalayan mahseer or golden mahseer, is an endangered species of cyprinid fish that is found in rapid streams, riverine pools and lakes in the Himalayan region and south Asia, ranging from Iran south to Sri Lanka, and east to Thailand. It is a popular gamefish.

Creative writing

Creative writing is a type of writing that involves writing in an artistic way. Creative writing usually follows the rules of formal writing, except it may not follow the rules of formal writing to achieve effect in the writing. Within schools, creative writing typically has a focus on writing in an original style, using original ideas and writing.

2.Why is Article Writing Important? 

Music (Madonna song)

"Music" is a dance-pop and electropop ballad by singer Madonna. Its lyrics are about how music can bring people together.

"Music" was released in June 2000. It peaked at #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100. It also hit #1 in Australia, Canada, New Zealand and Italy. 

The song received many positive reviews from critics. It was nominated at the Grammy Awards for Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.

Manuel Belgrano

Manuel José Joaquín del Corazón de Jesús Belgrano (3 June 1770 – 20 June 1820) was an Argentine lawyer, general, politician, economist and journalist. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. His parents were Domenico Belgrano Peri, he was Italian; and María Josefa González Casero, she was born in Buenos Aires but her family was from Santiago del Estero. He had 8 brothers and 7 sisters. His children were called Pedro Rosas y Belgrano and Manuela Mónica Belgrano. He studied Laws in Salamanca and Valladolid. He also studied Latin, Philosophy and Theology. 
He was a member of the "Primera Junta" and he participated in May Revolution. He created the Flag of Argentina on 27 February,1812. He was a great defender of colonialism and freedom of expression. He fought in the wars of Independence against the Spanish Army. He met José de San Martín, who became Commander in Chief of the Army of the North in January, 1814.

Esch-sur-Alzette

Esch-sur-Alzette ( , or "Esch an der Alzig", ) is a commune with city status in south-western Luxembourg, capital of the canton Esch-sur-Alzette.

The town is usually referred to just as Esch, but there is also a village and "commune" further north, in the Wiltz canton, named Esch-sur-Sûre from which to distinguish it.

For a long time Esch-sur-Alzette was a small farming village in the valley of the Alzette river. This changed when important amounts of iron ore were found in the area in the 1850s. With the development of the mines and the steel industry the town's population multiplied tenfold in a couple of decades.

On 29 May 1906, Esch-sur-Alzette was promoted to city.

Esch-sur-Alzette is in the south-west of the country, on the border with France. It is the capital of the Red Lands region.

The "commune" is in the valley of the Alzette river, a right tributary of the Sauer river and which flows through the town, and has an area of . The altitude is high. At the city hall, the altitude is high.

Esch-sur-Alzette is surrounded by six "communes" of Luxembourg: Mondercange to the north, Schifflange to the northeast, Kayl to the east, Rumelange to the southeast and Sanem to the northwest. To the southwest, the "commune" borders the Audun-le-Tiche "commune" in the Moselle department of France; and to the west Russange also in the Moselle department.

There were 34,378 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².
Evolution of the population in Esch-sur-Alzette

Esch-sur-Alzette is twinned withː



Diana Mitford

Diana, Lady Mosley ("née" Freeman-Mitford; 17 June 191011 August 2003), usually known as Diana Mitford was one of the noted Mitford sisters. 

She was married first to Bryan Walter Guinness, son and heir to the Baron Moyne. Secondly, she married Sir Oswald Mosley, leader of the British Union of Fascists. She was divorced from her first marriage on the grounds of adultery with Mosely. Her second marriage, in 1936, took place at the home of Joseph Goebbels, with Adolf Hitler as guest of honour. Later her involvement with fascist political causes resulted in three years' internment during the Second World War.

She later moved to Paris and enjoyed some success as a writer. In the 1950s she contributed stories to "Tatler" magazine. She edited the magazine "The European". In 1977 she published her autobiography, "A Life of Contrasts". She died in Paris on 11 August 2003.

Her son Max Mosley became president of the "Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile" (FIA),

Sebastiano Castagna

Sebastiano Castagna was an Italian engineer. He was born in 1868 in Aidone, Sicily. He was murdered in Ethiopia during a peace mission in 1938.

Castagna designed St George's Cathedral, an Ethiopian Orthodox cathedral in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. It is known for its octagonal shape. It is in the northern part of the city. He built it with the work of Italian prisoners of war who were defeated at the Battle of Adwa in 1896. It is named for Saint George.

Quorum

A quorum is the minimum number of members of an organization who must be present in order for their meeting to be legal or official. The word is often used in legislative assemblies, corporations and societies who make official decisions. The by-laws of an organization will usually say how many members make up a quorum. 

In the case of legislatures and government bodies, the requirements for a quorum are often set by statute or in their constitution. Some bodies use a fixed number for a quorum while others use a percentage of the members. It is usually the responsibility of the chairperson to make sure there is a quorum present. If there is not a quorum at a meeting, then in most cases the only business that can be discussed is taking steps to obtain a quorum, to decide on a time when to adjourn the meeting and to adjourn the meeting. 

The noun quorum is the plural of the Latin word "qui", meaning "of whom."

A similar term, "quorum-busting", is a tactic used by members of a group when they know they will lose a vote. If enough members do not show up for a meeting, a vote cannot take place if there is no quorum. It is a delaying tactic similar to a filibuster. Both are used in the hopes that if a vote is delayed long enough, it may not take place at all.

Neosho, Missouri

Neosho (; originally is the most populous city in Newton County, Missouri, United States, which it serves as the county seat. With a population of 11,835 as of the 2010 census, the city is part of the Joplin, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area, a region with an estimated 176,849 (2011) residents. Neosho lies on the western edge of the Ozarks. The cost of living in Neosho is low at about 9.9% less than the Missouri average and 17.9% less than the national average.

The name "Neosho" is generally accepted to be of Native American origin. It may be Osage language and means "clear, cold water", referring to local freshwater springs. The springs attracted several cultures of Native American inhabitants for thousands of years. It was also attracted the later white settlers. The city was founded in 1833. It was incorporated. Nicknamed "City of Springs", Neosho has long served as an agricultural center. Since 1888, it is the home of the Neosho National Fish Hatchery, the oldest in the National Fish Hatchery System. It is known locally as the "Gateway to the Ozarks".

Blenio

Blenio is a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

It was created on 22 October 2006 when the former municipalities of Aquila, Campo (Blenio), Ghirone, Olivone and Torre merged to form the new municipality of Blenio.


Dan Bus Garage in Tel Aviv

Dan Bus Garage in Tel Aviv was a garage building designed by the Bauhaus in 1933-1934. It was in Arlozorov Street in Tel Aviv. The garage was one of the first garages in the land of Israel. It was located on the White City of Tel Aviv. The garage was destroyed in 2008. In the center of the garage was a water tower that was also destroyed.

Tel Aviv Dolphinarium

The Tel Aviv Dolphinarium was a sea mammals aquarium and visitors' attraction in Tel Aviv, Israel, next to the beach. The Dolphinarium opened on 21 June 1980. It was closed in 1985. 

In 2001, 21 people were killed next to the Dolphinarium in a terror attack. In the following years, the building was abandoned. Its demolition began on 16 May 2018. 

Tel Aviv Cinerama

Tel Aviv Cinerama was a cinema and theatre building in Tel Aviv, Israel. The building was opened in 1966. It was the only Cinerama building in Israel until 1986. It became a theatre and television studio. In 2016, the cinerama was closed and destroyed.

Tel Aviv Drive-in

The Tel Aviv Drive-in was a restaurant and movie theater in Tel Aviv, Israel. The cinema was opened on 11 March 1973. It closed in 2000. The cinema was the only drive-in in Israel. 

Mersch

Mersch () is a commune and town in central Luxembourg, capital of the canton of Mersch.

Mersch is in the centre of the country, at the confluence of the Alzette, Mamer and Eisch rivers.

The "commune" has an area of . The altitude is high. The altitude at the railway station is high.

Mersch is surrounded by ten "communes" of Luxembourg; nine of them are part of the Mersch canton. Only the Kehlen "commune" is not part of the Mersch canton; it is part of the Capellen canton.

There were 9,195 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Other towns within the "communes" are Beringen, Berschbach, Moesdorf, Pettingen, Reckange, Rollingen and Schoenfels.
Evolution of the population in Mersch

The Mersch castle is one of the castles that are in the "Valley of the Seven Castles". It is in the centre of the town and its history goes back to the 13th century. Today the castle houses the administrative offices of the commune.

Some north of Mersch is the Pettingen Castle, in the village of Pettingen; it is one of the best preserved fortified castles in the country.



Redange

Redange or Redange-sur-Attert (, German: "Redingen") is a commune and town in western Luxembourg, near the border with Belgium. It is the capital of the canton of Redange.

Redange is in the valley on the Attert river, a tributary of the Alzette. It is on the border of the two natural regions of Luxembourgː the Oesling to the north and the Gutland.

The area of the "commune" is . The altitude is high. The altitude at the church is high.

Redange is surrounded by five "communes" of Luxembourg, all of them part of the Redange cantonː Rambrouch, Préizerdaul, Useldange, Beckerich and Ell.

There were 2,795 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Other towns within the "commune" are Lannen, Nagem, Niederpallen, Ospern and Reichlange.
Evolution of the population in Redange



Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome

Wiksott-Aldrich syndrome is an inherited immune disease that happens in males. It causes eczema (a type of skin inflammation), a smaller number of platelets (blood cells that help prevent bleeding), and frequent bacterial infections. People with Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome have a higher risk of developing leukemia and lymphoma.

Aliya Market

Aliya Market was the first wholesale market building in Israel. It was located in southern Tel Aviv, in the White City of Tel Aviv. The building was designed by the Bauhaus in 1938 in Aliya Street and was one of the first markets in Tel Aviv. The market had two buildings: a western building and an eastern building. The western building was renovated while the eastern building was destroyed. In 1952, wholesale moved to the Central Wholesale Market

Wholesale market in Tel Aviv

The Wholesale market in Tel Aviv was a wholesale market that opened in 1952. It was the central wholesale market of Israel after the market moved from the Aliya Market in the south of the city to the city center. It closed in 2006, and was demolished in 2010.

Courtelary

Courtelary is the capital of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Crémines

Crémines is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Därligen

Därligen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Därstetten

Därstetten is a municipality of the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Deisswil bei Münchenbuchsee

Deisswil bei Münchenbuchsee is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Shunga Empire

Sunga Empire was founded by Pushyamitra Sunga who betrayed his master Brihadratha Maurya and defeated him in a war. He killed the Mauryan emperor and destroyed the Mauryan empire completely. Its capital was Pataliputra. Pushyamitra Shunga ruled for 36 years and was succeeded by his son Agnimitra. There were ten Shunga rulers. But after Agnimitra's death, the empire begun to broke up. 

The dynasty is noted for its numerous wars with both foreign and native powers (empires).They fought against the Kalinga, the Satavahana dynasty, the Indo-Greek Kingdom and possibly the Panchalas and Mathuras.

Art, education, philosophy, and other forms of learning flourished (developed) during this period.Patanjali's "Mahābhāṣya" was composed in this period.The Kanva dynasty succeeded the Shungas around 73 BCE.

Korkai

Korkai is a small town in Thoothukudi district. In ancient times this was the capital of the Pandya dynasty. The Thamirabarani River flows through it. The town was famous for fisheries. Ptolemy refers Korkai as Kolkhai and it is an emporium. The Periplus refers the town as the place of pearl fisheries.

Porsche 918

The Porsche 918 Spyder is a mid-engined plug-in hybrid sports car. It made by Porsche. The Spyder is powered by a naturally-aspirated 4.6 litre V8 engine, developing . With two electric motors delivering an additional it has a combined output of . The 918 Spyder's 6.8 kWh lithium-ion battery pack delivers an all-electric range of under EPA's five-cycle tests. The car has a top speed of around .

Issue (legal)

In legal use, an "issue" means a point disputed by parties to a lawsuit. Legal issue may also refer to either a person's lineal descendants or a group of securities offered for sale. An issue of law is a question of how a law is applied rather than a question of fact.

evidence as well as civil and criminal procedure, there are "issues" of fact. Issues of fact are presented by statements of fact which are each put to a test: Is the statement true or false?

Often, different parties have conflicting statements of fact. These statements are then presented as alternative questions. The justifications are presented by proposing evidence in favor or in opposition. Formally the issues follow the form of "this statement is true and it is true because... (or it is false because) ... ".

The list of issues is the list of the questions the parties request the court to answer. The court's answers usually must be provided before a legally acceptable date and the court should give reason when it decides not to answer any of them. Plaintiffs as well as defendants sometimes do not present their issues according to these due process premises. It is then the court that must decide the probable statements of fact and assume what is in need of legal answers.

Supreme Court of Missouri

The Supreme Court of Missouri, is the state supreme court and the highest court in the state of Missouri. It was established in 1820 and is located in Jefferson City, Missouri. Missouri voters have approved changes in the state's constitution to give the Supreme Court the sole legal power to hear five types of cases on appeal. Per Article V, Section 3 of the Constitution of Missouri, these cases involve:


Unless their case involves one of those five issues, people who want a trial court's decision reviewed must appeal to the Missouri Court of Appeals. Most of these cases involve routine legal questions and end there. The Court of Appeals is divided geographically into the "Eastern District", "Western District" and "Southern District".

Certain cases may be transferred to the Supreme Court at the Court's own discretion. These include cases of general interest or importance. They look at cases where the laws should be re-examined. They also review cases that the lower court's decision conflicts with an earlier appellate decision. This is similar to the process the United States Supreme Court uses in accepting cases. In addition, the Court of Appeals may transfer a case to the Supreme Court after an opinion is issued. This can be either upon request of one of the parties or at the request of one of the judges on the appellate court.

In 1820, when it was first established, there were three judges on the Supreme Court. In 1872 the number was increased to five judges. In 1890, the court was increased again to its present size of seven judges.

In 1890, the court was divided into two divisions. This allowed it to handle more cases and make quicker decisions. In 1976, the two divisions were eliminated by a constitutional amendment. The court now rules on cases "En banc" (all judges together) so decisions are made by the entire court.

Judges of the court are selected through the nonpartisan plan, nationally known as the Missouri Plan. Under the plan, the Appellate Judicial Commission submits the names of three nominees to the Governor. If the Governor fails to make an appointment with 60 days of the nominees being named, the Commission shall make the appointment. Once the judge has served for at least a year, he or she is placed on the general election ballot for vote of the people to keep their seat. If retained, judges serve a term of 12 years. The constitution requires that all judges retire by age 70.

Brihadratha Maurya

Brihadratha Maurya was the last ruler of the Maurya Empire. He was the ruler from 187 BC-180 BC. He was killed by his general Pushyamitra Sunga in 180 BC.

During his rule, the Mauryan Empire got smaller. Using this, his general Pushyamitra Sunga defeated Brihadratha with a huge army. Brihadratha Maurya died in the war. After his death, Pushyamitra Sunga founded the Sunga dynasty controlling the Mauryan territories.

Pushyamitra Sunga

Pushyamitra Sunga was the co-founder and ruler of the Sunga dynasty in 180 BC. Before that, he was the general of Mauryan emperor Brihadratha Maurya. He has survived by his wife Devamala and daughter Agnimitra. He ruled until his death in 149 BCE.

Luxurious

"Luxurious" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Written by Stefani and Tony Kanal, "Luxurious" contains a sample of The Isley Brothers' 1983 song "Between the Sheets". The remix features rapper Slim Thug.




Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."


Jocelyn Lovell

Jocelyn Bjorn Lovell (19 July 1950 – 3 June 2016) was a Canadian cyclist. He was known in the track and road cycling field. He was active in the 1970s and early 1980s. He won many of national titles as well as gold medals at the Commonwealth Games and Pan American Games. He competed at three Olympic Games.

His greatest success came at the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Edmonton where he won three gold medals in Games record times. Later that year he won a silver medal at the world championships.

He continued to race as an amateur into the early 1980s. However, on 4 August 1983 when he was involved in a collision with a dump truck while training. The truck hit him from behind and broke his neck and pelvis. He permanently became a quadriplegic. In 1985, he was inducted into the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame.


Dave Swarbrick

David Cyril Eric Swarbrick (5 April 1941 – 3 June 2016) was an English folk musician and singer-songwriter. He was one of the most highly known musicians produced by the second British folk revival.

His work for the group Fairport Convention from 1969 along with their album album "Liege & Lief" (1969) was thought to create the electric folk movement.

Swarbrick died on 3 June 2016 from emphysema, aged 75.


Sten Lundin

Sten Lundin (20 November 1931 – 3 June 2016) was a Swedish professional motocross racer.<ref name="1960 Monark/Lito"></ref> He won the F.I.M. 500cc Motocross World Championship in 1959 riding a Monark. In the 1960 world championship, he finished in second place, two points behind Bill Nilsson. Lundin was also a member of the victorious Swedish team at the 1955 Motocross des Nations.


Vitaliy Masol

Vitaliy Andriiovych Masol (; November 14, 1928 – September 21, 2018) was a Ukrainian politician. He was Prime Minister of Ukraine from 1994 to 1995. He was confirmed as Prime Minister on June 16, 1994 and resigned from that post on March 1, 1995.

Masol died on September 21, 2018 in Kyiv, aged 89.

Radical Republicans

The Radical Republicans were a political faction of American politicians within the Republican Party. They existed from 1854 until the end of Reconstruction in 1877. They called themselves "radicals.". They were opposed during the war by the Moderate Republicans (led by Abraham Lincoln). One of the fears of the radicals was that if Northern and Southern Democrats came back together again as they had before the Civil War the Republican party would no longer be the dominant political party.

In 1854, the Republican Party was formed as a result of the Kansas–Nebraska Act. The act split the Whig Party in two. The Northern Whigs united with the members of the Free Soil Party. Together with the Know-Nothing Party they formed the Republican Party. 
Between its formation in 1854 and 1861, the Republican Party had many different factions or groups. It attracted Whigs, Anti-Slavery Democrats, Know-Nothings, and Abolitionists, but by the start of the Civil War it had been reduced to just three factions: conservatives, moderates and radicals.

The Republicans generally opposed slavery. At first, many opposed giving African Americans equal rights when and if slavery ended. Radical Republicans believed they should be given equal rights and have the same opportunities as white people. They also wanted the leaders of the Confederate States of America to be punished for any part they played in the Civil War. Many radical Republicans believed blacks were entitled to the same political rights and opportunities as whites. They also believed that the Confederate leaders should be punished for their roles in the Civil War.

Bob Uecker

Robert George "Bob" Uecker ( ; born January 26, 1934) is a retired American Major League Baseball player, later a sportscaster, comedian and actor. Uecker is also known as ""Mr. Baseball"". Since 1971, Uecker has served as a play-by-play announcer for Milwaukee Brewers radio broadcasts. 

Uecker is a member of the National Baseball Hall of Fame as a 2003 recipient of the Ford C. Frick Award for his broadcasting career.


Capellen

Capellen (, ) is a town in the commune of Mamer, in south-western Luxembourg, west of Luxembourg City.

Despite not having a "commune" named after it, Capellen gives its name to the canton of Capellen.

Capellen lies on the old Roman road, today's "Kiemwee", from Trier in Germany to Reims and Paris.

When Luxembourg was divided into cantons in 1840, as a result of disputes between Mamer and Koerich, it was decided that the canton should be named Capellen and that Capellen should become the capital of the canton.

Capellen has an area of . The altitude at the church is high.

There were 1,677, persons living in the "commune" in 2015, for a population density of inhabitants/km².



Charles Sturt University

Charles Sturt University is a large Australian university. It has campuses around the world. The university has campuses at Bathurst, Canberra, Albury-Wodonga, Dubbo, Goulburn, Orange, Port Macquarie, Wagga Wagga and Burlington, Ontario (Canada).

Red Fort

The Red Fort (Lal Qila) is a monument built in 1648 that rises above Old Delhi. It was built by the Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan. The fort is located in the centre of Delhi, India. It is made of red stone and marble. It was built on the right bank of the Yamuna River. 

The Red Fort was originally referred to as "Qila-i-Mubarak" (the blessed fort), because it was the residence of the royal family. The layout of the Red Fort was organised to keep and integrate this site with the Salimgarh Fort. The planning and aesthetics of the Red Fort represent the high point in Mughal creativity which happened during the reign of Emperor Shah Jahan. This Fort has had many additions after its construction by Emperor Shah Jahan. It is a World Heritage Site. it is made out of red sandstone.

The Red Fort was built as the palace for of shahjahanbad it was the fifth capital of Mughal emperor of India shahjan redfort is Indias most important place
Karaikal Port

Karaikal Port Private Limited is a private port in Karaikal, Puducherry, India. It was made by the Chennai-based company MARG limited. The project began in 2005. It was first used in April 2009.

So far, the port has handled cargoes such as coal, petroleum coke, raw sugar, fertilizer, cement, project cargo and construction materials. Containers and liquid cargo are soon to follow. When it is finished, the port will be able to handle all types of cargo. Karaikal Port is also a hub for oil exploration activities. Companies such as Hindustan Oil Exploration Company (HOEC) and Reliance Petroleum regularly call at the port.

Karaikal Port is a deep draft, all weather port. The current depth of allows for handling of Gearless Panamax size ships (up to 80000 MT).

Naturally aspirated engine

A naturally aspirated engine is an internal combustion engine in which air intake depends solely on atmospheric pressure and which does not rely on air forced through a turbocharger or a supercharger. Many sports cars use naturally aspirated engines due to their lack of a turbo lag. The main advantage of a naturally aspirated engine is they are usually more reliable than turbocharged or supercharged engines. Most automobile gasoline engines, as well as many small engines used for non-automotive purposes, are naturally aspirated. Most modern diesel engines powering highway vehicles are turbocharged to produce a better power-to-weight ratio. They also have better fuel efficiency and lower exhaust emissions.

Umerkot

Umerkot is a town in Umerkot district of Sindh Province in Pakistan. The town is famous because the great Mughal emperor Akbar the Great born here in 14 October 1542 when Emperor Humayun fled to escape from Sher Shah Suri. The excellent artistic tourist spot of Umerkot Fort where Emperor Akbar born is here. The town is well connected with Karachi and Hyderabad.

Mid-engine design

A mid-engine layout describes the location of an automobile engine between the front and rear axles. A physics term, moment of inertia, shows how hard it is to turn a moving object. In a front engine front-wheel drive car, the drive wheels also have to steer the car, causing torque steer (pull to one side during Acceleration). Front-wheel drive can cause the vehicle to oversteer (turn more sharply than the driver expects) in a corner. A front engine rear-wheel drive can have good weight distribution (balance front to rear), but has a higher moment of inertia than mid engine layout. The mid-engine layout has none of these disadvantages. It has better weight distribution and a lower moment of inertia. Its main disadvantage is that the engine, mounted in the middle, leaves much less room for passengers and cargo. However, in racing there is usually only a driver so passengers and cargo are not an issue. 

Shivaji

Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj was the founder of the Maratha Empire. He was born in the Shivneri Fort in Maharashtra probably on 19 February 1630. He is named after a local goddess, Shivai Devi. 

Chh.Shivaji Maharaj is one of the revered historical figures of Maharashtra. He created an independent and sovereign state in the Maharashtra region. His mother, Raajmaata Jijabai was the daughter of Shri.Lakhuji Jadhavrao of Sindkhed. His father Shri.Shahajiraje Bhosale was a Maratha general in the Deccan. 

Most of the territory in Maharashtra was then under the possession of the Nizamshah of Ahmednagar and the Adilshah of Bijapur who were known as the Deccan sultanates. The Mughals launched a campaign to conquer the Nizamshahi Kingdom. The Adilshah of Bijapur allied with the Mughals in this campaign. Shri. Shahajiraje Bhosale tried to rebel, but he could not withstand the combined might of the Mughals and the Adilshahi. The Nizamshahi kingdom came to an end in 1636. Thereafter Shri.Shahajiraje became a Sardar of the Adilshah of Bijapur and was posted in Karnataka. The region comprising Pune, Supe, Indapur, and Chakan Parganas located between the Bhima and Nira rivers which were vested in Shri. Shahdara as a jagir was continued by the Adilshah. Shri. Shahdara was also given a jagir of Bangalore. Rajmata Jijabai and Chh. Shivaji Maharaj, stayed for a few years with Shri.Shahajiraje at Bangalore until Chh. Shivaji Maharaj was twelve years old. Shri. Shahaji entrusted the administration of the Lakshmi jagir to Chh.Shivaji and Mata Jijabai. Chh. Shivaji grew up amidst the hills and valleys of the Pune region under the guidance of his mother Raajmata Jijabai. His mother taught him the stories of the Hindu epics and scriptures such as Mahabharata and also stories of old mighty Hindu kingdoms such as the Vijayanagara. He was also trained in guerrilla warfare. He defeated the Mughal forces of Rai Bagan.

Several small spurs run eastward from the sahyadri in the Pune region. The extremely rugged valleys enclosed by these are usually known as the Mavals or Khores each named after the stream running through it, or after the principal village. Collectively they are known as the Mavals. The inhabitants of this region who are called the Mavalas were extremely hardy people. Shivaji Maharaj started the work of founding the Swaraj - self-rule - in this region. He used the geographical features of the Maval region. He created a feeling of trust and affection in minds of the people. Many associates, companions, and Mavalas joined him in his work of founding Swaraj. The objective of Shivaji Maharaj in founding the Swaraj is clearly expressed in his official seal or Mudra which is in Sanskrit. Through this Mudra, Shivaji Maharaj assured his people that ‘ever-increasing like the crescent moon, the kingdom of Shivaji, son of Shahaji, will always seek the welfare of the people.

In the medieval period, forts carried much significance. With a firm hold over a fort, one could defend as well as control the surrounding area and could rule the land. In case of an enemy’s invasion, it was possible to protect the people taking shelter in the fort. The forts situated within the jagir of Shivaji Maharaj were not under his control but were under the control of Adilshah. An attempt to capture the forts meant to challenge the Adilshahi power. Shivaji Maharaj decided to acquire the forts that were within his jagir. He captured the forts of Murumbdev (Rajgad), Torna, Kondhana, and Purandar. This laid the foundation of the Swaraj. Shivaji Maharaj was steadily but cautiously aiming at extending and consolidating his power. Those sardars who appreciated his aim were brought to his side, but some sardars in the Adilshahi opposed him. It was necessary to bring them under control to found the Swaraj.
The region of Javali in the Satara district was important. Many routes to the Konkan were through Javali. For the expansion of the Swaraj in the Konkan, it was essential to control that region. The region of Javali was ruled by Chandrarao More, a powerful Sardar in the Adilshahi. Shivaji Maharaj attacked Javali and captured it in A.D. 1656. Then he also captured Rairi. This strong fort, later under the name of Raigad, was to become his capital. He built the Pratapgad fort in the Javali valley to protect the newly conquered territory and to control the Paar pass. The victory at Javali led to the expansion of the Swaraj in Konkan. Shivaji Maharaj then crossed the Ghats and descended into Konkan. He captured Kalyan and Bhivandi on the Konkan coast which were under the control of Adilshahi. Shivaji Maharaj also captured forts like Mahuli, Lohagad, Tunga, Tikona, Visapur, Songad, Karnala, Tala and Ghosala, in the Konkan. Shivaji Maharaj was able to command the coast line because of his acquisition of this territory in the Konkan. He came in contact with the Portuguese, the British and the Siddi powers on the western coast. The Siddi controlled the fort of Janjira and the areas around, including Danda-Rajpuri. Wherever in future these powers created obstacles in the work of expanding the Swaraj, Shivaji Maharaj tried to curb their activities.

When Shivaji Maharaj became master of a long coastal strip, he thought it necessary to undertake the construction of a Navy. To protect his own territory from the Siddi, and to protect the merchant ships and ports in order to secure revenue from maritime trade and customs duty, he concentrated on building the Navy. There were four hundred ships of various kinds in the Navy. They included battleships like Gurab, Galbat and Pal.

Shivaji Maharaj had openly challenged the Adilshahi by capturing forts in his jagir and the territory in north Konkan. At that time the Badi Sahiba was looking after the administration of Adilshahi. She sent Afzal Khan, a powerful and experienced Adilshahi General to stop Shivaji Maharaj. Afzal Khan set out from Bijapur in May 1659. Afzal Khan made efforts to seek the support of the Deshmukh's. A meeting between Shivaji Maharaj and Afzal Khan took place on 10th November 1659 at the foot of Pratapgad. When Afzal Khan went to greet Shivaji Maharaj stabbed him in the back with his dagger however Shivaji Maharaj had come prepared and he was wearing body armour so the dagger failed to pierce his skin. Shivaji Maharaj ripped at Afzal Khan's stomach with his weapon which is known as tiger-claws ("wagh-nakh") and killed Afzal Khan. The Marathas destroyed Afzal Khan’s army in the dense forests of Javali. Shivaji Maharaj secured a large booty from Afzal Khan's camp which enabled him to consolidate and strengthen his position.

Shivaji Maharaj intended to capture as much of Adilshahi province and forts as possible. He captured the Adilshah forts of Panhala, Vasantgad, and Khelna. He renamed Khelna as Vishalgad. In 1660, to check the rapid progress of Shivaji Maharaj, the Adilshah sent Siddi Jauhar, the Sardar of Karnul region, with a large army against him. The Adilshah gave Siddi the title of ‘Salabatkhan’. Shivaji Maharaj took shelter in the Panhala fort. Siddi’s soldiers laid siege to the fort for about five months. Shivaji Maharaj was trapped inside the fort. Netaji Palkar made attempts to raise the siege by attacking Siddi’s army from outside. But Siddi showed no signs of relenting. Shivaji Maharaj opened overtures with him. This led to slackness in the siege around Panhalgad. Shivaji Maharaj escaped and went to Vishalgad. Siddi Jauhar’s army followed him. Shivaji Maharaj put Baji Prabhu Deshpande at the foot of Vishalgad and gave him the responsibility of stopping the Siddi’s army. Baji Prabhu Deshpande checked Siddi’s army at the Ghod pass near Gajapur. Baji Prabhu died a hero’s death in this battle. While going to Vishalgad, Shivaji Maharaj also crushed the opposition of the Adilshahi sardars- Dalvi of Palawan and Surve of Shringarpur. Maharaj reached Vishalgad safely. While Shivaji Maharaj was trapped at Panhala, the Mughal army had invaded the Swaraj. Shivaji Maharaj realized that it would not be prudent to fight two enemies at the same time. Therefore Shivaji Maharaj entered into a treaty with the Adilshah. As per the treaty, he returned the fort of Panhala to the Adilshah.

For the expansion of the Swaraj, conflict with the Mughals was inevitable. Emperor Aurangzeb appointed his uncle Shaista khan to the viceroyalty of the Deccan, ordering him to invade Shivaji Maharaj’s dominions. Shaista khan left Ahmednagar in February 1660 and arrived in Pune on 10th May 1660. He decided to capture the fort of Chakan to obtain supplies. The Mughals captured the fort of Chakan. Shaista khan captured Swaraj's territories -Pune, Supe. He set up his camp at Lal Mahal in Pune. The Mughal army began to ravage the regions around Pune. Shaista khan adopted the strategy to occupy as much of Shivaji Maharaj’s dominions as possible. Forces were dispatched to invade the Konkan region below the Ghats. Kalyan and Bhiwandi were captured by the Mughal army. Shaista Khan appointed Kartalabkhan on an expedition to the North Konkan. Shivaji Maharaj humbled the Khan in Umbarkhind. Shivaji Maharaj left Netaji Palkar to defend the North Konkan and he marched southwards and captured Dabhol, Chiplun, Sangameshwar, Rajapur, Palavani, and Shringarpur. Two years had passed but Shaista khan still would not think of leaving Pune. Naturally, this harmed the population. Intending to drive Shaista khan out of Pune, Shivaji Maharaj devised a bold plan. On 5th April 1663, Shivaji Maharaj raided Lal Mahal. In this raid, Shaista khan lost his fingers. He left Pune and shifted his camp to Aurangabad. The successful attack on Shaista khan resulted in an immense increase in Shivaji Maharaj's prestige and fame. It also had an impact on the people and their faith in the capabilities of Maharaj was strengthened even further.

In three years, Shaista Khan had ravaged the territories of the Swaraj. It was necessary to make up for this loss. Surat was the most prosperous port of the Mughal Empire on the west coast. The British, the Dutch and the French had their factories there. Shivaji Maharaj devised a plan of attack on Surat. The Subhedar of Surat could not put up any resistance to the Marathas. Shivaji Maharaj obtained enormous wealth from Surat. Surat's campaign was a stunning blow to emperor Aurangzeb’s prestige.

Soon after his return from Surat, Shivaji Maharaj embarked upon a vigorous naval program. Shivaji Maharaj had realized the importance of sea forts. Sea forts would protect the navy and keep in check the Siddi of Janjira and the Portuguese. He built Suvarnadurg. In 1664 he commenced the construction of Sindhudurg at Malvan. About the same time, he strengthened a fort named Vijaydurg. He also built a fort named Padmadurg on a small island in front of Rajpuri to counter the Siddi power.

Intending to crush the growing power of Shivaji Maharaj, Aurangzeb sent Jaisingh of Ambar, an experienced and powerful Mughal Sardar. He left Delhi on 30th September 1664 and reached Pune on 3rd March 1665. Jaisingh's strategy was to isolate Shivaji Maharaj from his neighboring powers so that he would get neither help nor support from them, to prevent him from breaking out into the Mughal territory, to devastate his homeland, and capture his forts. He was trying to provoke the Adilshahi against Shivaji Maharaj. Jaisingh was simultaneously instigating local rulers in the Karnataka against the Adilshah so that they would be unable to help Shivaji Maharaj. To the Portuguese of Goa and Vasai, the Dutch of Vengurla, the British of Surat, and the Siddis of Janjira, Jaisingh suggested that they should start a naval campaign against Shivaji Maharaj. He also drew up a plan of capturing the forts in possession of Maharaj. Jaisingh and Dilerkhan led siege to the fort of Purandar. Mughal forces were sent to various parts of Swaraj. Maharaj tried to resist the Mughals. When the Mughals put the fort of Purandar under siege, Murarbaji Deshpande fought with the greatest of courage. He died a hero’s death. Realizing that in this conflict with the Mughals, he and his subjects had to face great losses, Maharaj began talks for a treaty with Jaisingh. A treaty between Jaisingh and Maharaj was signed in June 1665 which is known as the ‘Treaty of Purandar’. Under the terms of the treaty, Maharaj ceded twenty-three forts and adjacent areas yielding a revenue of four lakh hons to the Mughals. He also assured the Mughals of help against the Adilshahi.

Jaisingh’s campaign against the Adilshahi proved unsuccessful. Jaisingh and Aurangzeb felt that if the Adilshah, the Qutubshah, and Shivaji Maharaj joined forces against the Mughals, it would be a great setback to the Mughal policies in the Deccan. Both of them felt that Shivaji Maharaj ought to be kept away at least for some time from Deccan politics. Jaisingh proposed to Shivaji Maharaj that he should visit Agra and meet the Emperor. After making thorough arrangements to ensure effective administration of his dominions during his absence, Shivaji Maharaj went to Agra with his son Sambhaji and a few of his trusted people. He set out for Agra on 5th March 1666 and reached on 11th May 1666. Aurangzeb did not treat Shivaji Maharaj with due honor at his court. Livid with rage, Maharaj walked out of the court instantly. Aurangzeb then put him under house arrest. Shivaji Maharaj escaped from Agra and safely reached Rajgad on 20th November 1666. While returning from Agra, he left Sambhaji at Mathura. Later, Sambhaji was brought safely to Rajgad.

For about four years after his return from Agra, Shivaji Maharaj concentrated his attention on putting the affairs of Swaraj in order. He re-organized the army and carried repairs to forts. In 1670, Shivaji Maharaj started an offensive policy against the Mughals. His first aim was to clear his homeland of the Mughals. He also aimed at recapturing the forts and territories ceded to the Mughals according to the treaty of Purandar. The strategy followed by Shivaji Maharaj was to capture the forts by sending a well-equipped army on one hand and on the other hand to keep the Mughals unstable by invading the Mughal territories of the Deccan. Maharaj attacked Ahmednagar and Junnar. Sinhgad was the first fort to be recaptured on 4th February 1670. Shivaji Maharaj also recaptured Purandar, Lohgad, Mahuli, Karnala and Rohida. Then he attacked Surat for the second time. On the way back he fought a battle with the Mughals at Vani-Dindori in Nashik district. He defeated Daud Khan in the battle. The Marathas under the leadership of Moropant Pingle captured Trimbakgad. The Maratha army then invaded Baglan, a hilly district that was guarded by nine hill forts. The Maratha army not only captured smaller hill forts of Baglan but also captured Mulher fort and Salher which lay on the border of Khandesh and Gujarat. Salher became a base of operations against the rich provinces of Gujarat and Khandesh. The Mughals tried to recapture Salher but failed. In 1672, Shivaji Maharaj’s army conquered the principality of Jawhar and then Ramnagar.

Shivaji Maharaj decided to expand his dominions at the expense of the Adilshahi Sultanate. He captured the Panhala fort which was in the possession of Adilshah on 8th March 1673. Then he captured the fort of Parali near Satara, fort of Satara, and forts like Chandan-vandan, Pandavgad Nandagiri, Kelanja, and Tathavda.

The founding of the Maratha Swaraj involved a` relentless struggle for over thirty years. Maharaj realized that now the Swaraj needed to win general recognition as a sovereign, independent state. For legal recognition a formal coronation was necessary. On 6th June 1674, Shivaji Maharaj was crowned at Raigad by Gagabhatt, a learned pandit of Benaras. He now became the Chhatrapati of the Swaraj. As a symbol of sovereignty, Shivaji Maharaj started a new era commencing from the date of his coronation. It is known as Rajyabhisheka shaka. Shivaji Maharaj thus became the founder of a new era. On the occasion of the coronation, special coins were minted- a gold coin called hon and a copper coin called Shivraj with the legend Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati inscribed on them. Thereafter, all royal correspondence carried the words, 'Kshatriyakulaawatansa Shri Raja Shivachhatrapati'.

A dictionary called Rajya-vyavahara-kosha, showing Sanskrit alternatives for Persian words was prepared. Sabhasad, a contemporary chronicler, pointing out the significance of the coronation, writes ‘It was no mean achievement for a Maratha king to become such a great Chhatrapati’. The coronation of Shivaji Maharaj was a revolutionary event in the history of medieval India. Shivaji Maharaj had his second coronation performed under the guidance of Nischalpuri Gosavi.

After the coronation, Shivaji Maharaj marched to the conquest of Phonda near Goa and captured it in April 1675. Then the Marathas captured Ankola and Shiveshwar which was followed by the annexation of Kolhapur. After that Shivaji Maharaj accomplished 'Dakshin Digvijay'. Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj planned to carry his army to the east coast in the South and conquer the province of Adilshahi Karnataka. He undertook the Karnataka expedition in 1677. Karnataka was famous for its riches. It was ill-defended by the Adilshah. Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj went to Golkonda to meet the Qutubshah. He entered into a treaty of friendship with him. In April 1677 he set out for the Adilshahi Karnataka. He captured Jinjee and proceeded to Vellore. The city withstood a long siege. The eastern portion of the south was mostly held by nobles of the Adil shahi kingdom. Vyankoji, Shivaji Maharaj’s stepbrother had carved out a principality for himself at Thanjavur. At Tirumalvadi, on the northern bank of the Coleroon, Vyankoji met Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj. Shivaji Maharaj tried to get Vyankoji to participate in the activities of the Swaraj. He did not get any response from him. Later, Maharaj conquered Bangalore, Hoskote in Karnataka, other forts such as those at Vellore, and also some parts of the Adil shahi kingdom. Permanent annexation in the south increased Maharaj’s strength and most importantly he was successful in executing his plan of defense which would help him to resist the armies of Aurangzeb in the future. For the administration of the newly conquered province, Shivaji Maharaj made excellent arrangements. He appointed Raghunath Narayan Hanamante, the chief officer to look after these newly conquered territories. After accomplishing the mission of the south, Shivaji Maharaj returned to Swaraj.

Shivaji Maharaj decided to fortify the island of Khanderi, commanded a key position as it was located near Mumbai. The British then decided to lay a regular siege to the island. In this naval conflict, the English had to withdraw their fleet. This brought to an end the naval conflict between Shivaji Maharaj and the British.

Within few months Shivaji Maharaj fell ill. After a short illness, he died at the Raigad fort on 3 April 1680.

The Swaraj established by Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj comprised of large areas of Nashik, Pune, Satara, Sangli, Kolhapur, Sindhudurg, Ratnagiri, Raigad, and Thane districts of Maharashtra. It also included parts of the Belgaum, Karwar, and Dharwad districts of Karnataka and Jinjee, Vellore, and their neighboring areas in the state of Tamil Nadu. He set up an efficient and sound system for the administration of this Swaraj. The administration was divided into eight departments. A minister was appointed as the head of every department. His council of eight ministers was known as the Ashta-Pradhan Mandal. Shivaji Maharaj followed a policy of encouraging agriculture. He paid attention to the welfare of the peasantry. He was also equally concerned about the growth of trade and the protection of industries. Thus he turned the Swaraj into a surajya a state which sought the welfare of all. He was a great military commander, an outstanding general, and a statesman. He had a clear concept of military organization.

His military organization consisted of infantry, cavalry, and navy. Strict discipline, rapid movements, excellent intelligence service, and continuous attention to defense marked his military organization. He used to take utmost care to protect his subjects especially at the time of enemy invasions. Shivaji Maharaj was also keen to see to it that the soldiers did not in any way cause any harm to the subjects. He followed a tolerant religious policy. The greatest achievement of Shivaji Maharaj was to inculcate the spirit of independence in his people. By his great deeds and achievements, Shivaji Maharaj created an altogether new order of things. Shivaji Maharaj’s personality and message are as relevant today as they were in the past.

Hanuman Jayanti

Hanuman Jayanthi is a festival in India. It is the birthday of Hanuman, the Vanara god who looks like a monkey. It is celebrated on the 15th day of Chitra Pournami. It is an important festival of the Hindus. Hanuman is the symbol of strength, energy and devotion. He is worshipped as a deity with supreme powers and conquer evil spirits.

Kansas in the American Civil War

At the start of the American Civil War, Kansas was a new state. Kansas did not allow slavery in the state constitution. Kansas fought on the side of the Union, although there was a big pro-slavery feeling. These divisions led to some conflicts. The conflicts included the Lawrence Massacre in August 1863. Later the state witnessed the defeat of Confederate General Sterling Price by Union General Alfred Pleasonton at Mine Creek. 

Kansas had been admitted as a state of the Union in January 1861. This was very shortly before the outbreak of the Civil war. There had been some guerrilla fighting between pro-slavery and anti-slavery groups. The fighting became known as Bleeding Kansas. After three constitutions, the fourth, called the Wyandotte Constitution, was approved by the voters and sent to the United States Congress for approval and statehood. 

Kansas entered the Union as a free state and the 34th state on January 29, 1861. Even after it became a state, there were still hard feelings in Kansas. The Kansas-Missouri border continued to be terrorized by Guerrilla bands from both sides. 

But statehood did not settle the hard feelings in Kansas — or the violence. Pro-slavery people still fought at the Kansas-Missouri border throughout the war. Lawrence, a free-state place in the 1850s, was burned, and more than 150 men and boys were killed by a pro-Southern irregular army under William Quantrill in 1863.

Less than three months after Kansas became a state, on April 12, Fort Sumter was attacked by Confederate troops and the Civil War began. In Washington D.C., there were rumors that President Abraham Lincoln would be kidnapped or even assassinated. A senator from Kansas, James Henry Lane organized 120 men from Kansas called the "Frontier Guard". For three weeks they remained in the White House to protect the President. Most Kansans favored joining the Union in the war. Governor Charles Robinson and Senator Lane recruited troops for the Union Army. During the war the federal government called for a total of 16,654 men from Kansas. But more than 20,000 enlisted and the state sent 19 regiments and four batteries to fight for the Union Army. Some of the men came from other states as Kansas only had about 30,000 men old enough to join the military. Kansas soldiers suffered a total of about 8,500 casualties during the war.

The first action in Kansas was not between the rival armies. It was a guerrilla raid in August 1863 by pro-slavery irregular forces led by W.C. Quantrill. They attacked the city of Lawrence, a centre of anti-slavery sentiment. They killed about 180 men and boys and destroyed a number of buildings. As the raiders could be heard shouting “Remember Osceola!”, the attack was taken to be a reprisal for an earlier raid by anti-slavery jayhawkers on Osceola, Missouri. Some believed that it was also a response to the recent deaths of some of the raiders’ imprisoned womenfolk, when their jailhouse collapsed, perhaps by design. (Recent research shows that the collapse was almost certainly accidental.) The massacre outraged the Confederate government, which had granted recognition to Quantrill under the Partisan Ranger Act, but now withdrew support from irregular forces.

The Battle of Baxter Springs, sometimes called the Baxter Springs Massacre, was a minor battle in the War. It was fought on October 6, 1863 near the modern-day town of Baxter Springs, Kansas.

On October 25, 1864, a series of three battles occurred. The first two in Linn County, Kansas, with the final in Vernon County, Missouri. The first was the Battle of Marais des Cygnes (also called the "Battle of Trading Post"). The second was a cavalry battle called the Battle of Mine Creek. This was a significant battle between mounted cavalry for Confederate forces and several brigades of Union cavalry that were pursuing General Price. They were between Major General Sterling Price, leading the Missouri expedition, against Union forces under Major General Alfred Pleasonton. Price, after going south from Kansas City, was initially met by Pleasonton at Marais des Cygnes. At the end of the day, the Confederate army was destroyed as a fighting force and withdrew into Arkansas.


Ondrej Duda

Ondrej Duda (born on 5 December 1994 in Snina, Slovakia) is a Slovak association football midfielder who currently plays for the Polish club Legia Warsaw and the Slovakia national football team. He played for VSS Košice from 2012 to 2014. His nicknames are "Dudinho" and "Ondrej di Maria".


Mamer

Mamer is a commune and small town in the Capellen canton, south-western Luxembourg. It is at west of Luxembourg City.

The Treveri, a Gallic or Celtic tribe, inhabited the region for several hundred years until they were conquered by Julius Caesar in 54 BC. A Celtic necropolis from the 1st century was discovered in the early 1970s on the "Juckelsboesch" plateau between Mamer and Kehlen.
During the Gallo-Roman era which lasted until about 450, the Romans built and maintained a number of roads in the area including the "Kiem" (Latin "caminus", road) linking Trier to Reims through what is now Mamer. "Mambra" was a small Roman settlement on the banks of the Mamer river at the eastern end of today's Mamer. The Roman settlement was burnt by Germanic invaders around 276.

The road linking Luxembourg City to Brussels, passing through Mamer, was built in 1790. In 1859, the railway to Brussels was opened, with a station in Mamer.

Mamer is in the south-west of the country, on the Mamer river, a tributary of the Alzette river.

The "commune" has an area of . The altitude is high. At the church, the altitude is high; the highest point in the "commune" is "Juckelbösch" that is .

Mamer is surrounded by seven "communes" of Luxembourg: Koerich and Kehlen to the north, Strassen to the east, Bertrange to the southeast, Dippach to the southwest, Garnich to the west and Steinfort to the northwest. The "communes" Strassen and Bertrange are part of the Luxembourg canton but the rest are part of the Capellen canton.

There were 9,185 persons living in the "commune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Other towns, besides the town of Mamer, within the "commune" are Capellen and Holzem.
Evolution of the population in Mamer


Mamer is twinned withː



Diemerswil

Diemerswil was before 2023 a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Begum Jan

Begum Jan is a doctor from South Waziristan, Pakistan. In 2008 she received the International Women of Courage Award. Jan cares for women and children in Pakistan's dangerous tribal areas.

When Jan was a child, she studied with boys, because there was no school for girls. When the tribal leaders said she could not go to high school with boys, she studied with a tutor. She went to medical school in Jalalabad, Afghanistan.

Jan worked at Pakistan Red Crescent. She worked with women and children at a mental hospital. She also worked with Afghan refugees. Jan started the Tribal Women Welfare Association.

Diemtigen

Diemtigen is a municipality of the administrative district Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Paul Petersen

William Paul Petersen (born September 23, 1945) is an American actor and comedian, best known for portraying Jeff Stone on "The Donna Reed Show". He began his show business career at the age of 10 as a Mouseketeer on the "Mickey Mouse Club".

Nibal Thawabteh

Nibal Thawabteh (Arabic language نبال ثوابتة) is a Palestinian political activist. In 2009 she received the International Women of Courage Award. During her speech at the ceremony, she spoke for the Palestinian people and asked the world to listen to the Palestinian women.

Thawabteh was the first woman to be elected to the Beit Fajjar Village Council. Beit Fajjar is a village near Bethlehem. She also helped other women get seats in the Village Council. Thawabteh started a monthly newspaper to write about subjects like honor killing, polygamy, and poverty.

Thawabteh is the director of the Media Development Center at Birzeit University in Birzeit, Palestine, near Ramallah.

Cynthia Bendlin

Cynthia Bendlin is a human rights activist from Paraguay. She works against human trafficking. In 2008, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Bendlin is the head of the International Organization of Migration. The organization works to prevent of trafficking of women in the border area of Brazil, Argentina, and Paraguay. According to Bendlin, there are 6000 possible victims of trafficking in this area. In 2006 and 2007, the organization had seminars to teach government leaders to fight trafficking. The seminars were in Ciudad del Este, Paraguay, Foz do Iguasu, Brazil and Porto Iguasu, Argentina.

Slither.io

Slither.io is an online multiplayer video game. It is played on a web browser or through an app. The game was started by Steve Howse in 2016. 

The game is played in the role of a snake eating 2-dimensional glowing dots on a grid. It is based on the 2015 game Agar.io, with the main difference is that snakes will die when their head collides with another snake, instead of being based on size like in Agar.io.

The game is most played in multiplayer , where every snake is a human player. In the iOS and Android versions, however, it can also be played in singleplayer, where every snake except the player is controlled by the device.

Ashley Greene

Ashley Michele Greene (born February 21, 1987) is an American actress and model. She is best known for playing Alice Cullen in the Twilight Saga movies.

Greene was born in Jacksonville, Florida. Her mother is Michele Greene (née Tatum), who works in insurance, and Joe Greene, a former U.S. Marine who now owns a concrete business. She grew up in Middleburg and Jacksonville. She moved to Los Angeles, California, at the age of 17 to pursue an acting career. Greene has an older brother named Joe.

At first, she planned to become a model. Her manager told her that she was not tall enough to be a fashion model and that she should act in commercials instead. After taking commercial and acting classes, she realized that she liked acting more than modeling. Greene graduated from high school early and moved to L.A. to start her acting career.

Early in her career, she had guest roles on television programs, such as "Punk'd" and "Crossing Jordan". In 2008, she had an important role in the movie "Twilight", which was based on the novel of the same name by Stephenie Meyer. She played the character Alice Cullen. She was also in the sequels to "Twilight": "" (2009), "" (2010), "" (2011), and "" (2012).

Greene played Michelle Burkham in the drama movie "Skateland" (2010).

She acted in the movie "A Warrior's Heart" with Kellan Lutz, who was also in "Twilight".

Greene acted along with Miley Cyrus and Demi Moore in the drama movie "LOL" (2012).

In 2013, Greene was in the historical film "CBGB" about the former Manhattan music club with the same name.

In 2010, Greene did modeling for an advertisement by the company SoBe. In this advertisement, she wore body paint. Later the same year, Greene became the main model for the Mark brand of cosmetics. This brand is made by the company Avon.

Greene received an award from the PETA foundation because of her work with Avon, which does not do animal testing. She also received "The Style Icon Award" from the magazine "Hollywood Life" at the Young Hollywood Awards.


Diessbach bei Büren

Diessbach bei Büren is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Bévilard

Bévilard is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Bévilard, Malleray and Pontenet into the new municipality of Valbirse.

Diesse

Diesse was a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Diesse, Lamboing and Prêles merged into the new municipality of Plateau de Diesse.

Hospental

Hospental is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Aesch, Lucerne

Aesch is a municipality of the district Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Popular sovereignty in the United States

Popular sovereignty was a political doctrine in the United States that held that the people who lived in a state or region should decide what kind of government or laws they should have. Popular sovereignty allowed settlers of a territory to decide for themselves on the question of slavery without any interference from the federal government. During 19th century it was a compromise used to determine if a western territory or new state would accept or reject slavery within its borders. 

It was first promoted in the 1840s. Stephen A. Douglas, one of the sponsors of the Kansas–Nebraska Act inserted it in the new law as a measure to balance slave and free states. Abraham Lincoln was one of those who did not agree. He thought Congress should regulate federal territories. The act was passed but popular sovereignty proved to have deadly consequences. When Kansas was being considered for statehood, there was a rush by both people who were for and against slavery to go to Kansas and vote on the issue of slavery. This resulted in a great deal of fraud and violence. It led directly to Bleeding Kansas, the bloody border war over slavery.

Avegno Gordevio

Avegno Gordevio is a new municipality of the district Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 20 April 2008, when the municipalities of Avegno and Gordevio joined together to become Avegno Gordevio.


Cool (Gwen Stefani song)

"Cool" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Written by Stefani and Dallas Austin, the song was released on July 5, 2005 as the album's fourth single. The song was compared to early music by Madonna, Cyndi Lauper and Janet Jackson.

"Cool"s music video was directed by Sophie Muller and was filmed in June 2005. in Lake Como, Italy. The video features flashbacks of Stefani with brunette hair.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."


Orlando nightclub shooting

The 2016 Orlando nightclub shooting was a major incident inside Pulse, a gay bar and nightclub in Orlando, Florida. It happened on June 12, 2016.

More than fifty people, including the shooter, were killed in the massacre. It was the deadliest homophobic attack on LGBT people in United States history. It was the deadliest attack in the U.S. since the September 11, 2001 attacks. Until the 2017 Las Vegas shooting that killed 60 people, the Pulse shooting was the deadliest mass shooting in American history.

The gunman was Omar Mir Seddique Mateen.

According to law enforcement officials, at an unknown time before the shooting, Mateen called the police and pledged himself to the leader of ISIS.

At about 2:00 a.m. EDT, Mateen fired shots inside the nightclub. He was armed with a rifle, a handgun, and a "device". Mateen then left the club briefly and exchanged gunfire with a police officer outside, before returning inside to take hostages. Pulse posted on its Facebook page at 2:09 EDT, saying "Everyone get out of pulse and keep running".

Florida governor Rick Scott described the incident as "clearly an act of terror", and declared a state of emergency.

In a broadcast statement made at around 2:00 p.m. from the White House, President Barack Obama described the shooting as an "act of terror" and an "act of hate". He mentioned that he has directed the Federal Bureau of Investigation to investigate the shooting as an act of terrorism, and that the full resources of the federal government would be made available.

Bleeding Kansas

Bleeding Kansas was a border war on the Kansas-Missouri border. It started with the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854. It continued into the American Civil War (1854–1861). It was an ugly war between groups of people who had strong beliefs about slavery. The term was first coined by Horace Greeley of the "New York Tribune". He used it to describe the violence happening in the Kansas territory during the mid to late 1850s. Three different groups were fighting for power in Kansas at the time. These were those who were pro-slavery, abolitionists and free-staters. Bleeding Kansas, fought over the issue of slavery, was a precursor of events to come in the American Civil War.

Before 1854 when the Kansas-Nebraska Act opened up the territory for settlement, there were people living there. Among these were several tribes of Native Americans. These included the plains Indian tribes of the Kansas, the Osage and the Pawnee people. They lived and moved throughout what is now the state of Kansas. In the 1830s about 20 tribes living east of the Mississippi River were relocated west of Missouri. By 1854 most of these tribes had been forced to give up these land to the federal government and move into what is now Oklahoma.

Before the Kansas-Nebraska act started, the idea of popular sovereignty gained interest in the territory. Several groups with political interests promoted the idea of settlement by whites. One group who liked free-state settlement was the New England Emigrant Aid Company. The first group of New England settlers created the city of Lawrence, Kansas. That city quickly became a place of abolitionist activity. The same year, the city of Topeka, Kansas was created by Cyrus K. Holliday and other anti-slavery advocates. Missourians felt there was a plot by abolitionists to surround the state of Missouri with free states. Residents of Missouri with an interest in Kansas becoming pro-slavery flooded into the territory. The towns of Atchison and Leavenworth were both founded by pro-slavery Missourians.

Slavery was the main issue that led to the Civil War. The Southern United States was dependent on agriculture. They were also dependent on the 4 million slaves who did the work on southern plantations. Much of the southern economy depended on the free labor of slavery. Slaves could be traded, rented, bought or sold. A man's social status, prestige and wealth were demonstrated by the number of slaves he owned.

In the Northern United States, by the time of the Civil War, slavery had been abolished. The north had almost all the industry of the country. Immigration, especially from Ireland and Germany, provided a source of low cost labor. This meant that the North did not need slaves.

Ever since the Kansas-Nebraska Act opened up the territory to settlement in 1854, the pro-slavery party in Missouri had been interfering in Kansas affairs. Missouri was admitted as a pro-slavery state under the Missouri Compromise. Slaveholders in Missouri were nervous about having a free-state on its western border. This is because runaway slaves could escape to there. Plantation owners in Missouri wanted to make sure Kansas became a slave state.

Most of the people who came to the Kansas territory came for land and opportunity. Most were from eastern states such as Ohio, Kentucky, Pennsylvania and New York. They were almost all white. Though they did not have slaves, most were prejudiced against black people. They believed the popular idea they were inferior. Most of the settlers seemed to want free soil for white people only.

On March 30, 1855, the Kansas Territory had the election for its first territorial legislature. This legislature would decide whether the territory would allow slavery, so it was an important election. Just like in the election of November 1854, "Border Ruffians" from Missouri again went into the territory to vote. Pro-slavery people were elected to 37 of the 39 seats. Martin F. Conway and Samuel D. Houston from Riley County were the only Free-Staters elected. Due to concerns about electoral fraud, Territorial Governor Andrew Reeder nullified the results in five voting districts. A special election was held on May 22 to elect replacements. Eight of the eleven delegates elected in the special election were Free-Staters, but this still left the pro-slavery people with a 29–10 advantage.

Congress sent a three-man special committee to the Kansas Territory in 1856. The committee report said that if the only people who were allowed to vote in the election of March 30, 1855 were "actual settlers", it would have elected a Free-State legislature. The report also said that the legislature actually seated "was [filled with illegally-elected people], and [it] had no power to pass valid laws".

In October 1855, John Brown came to Kansas Territory to fight slavery. On November 21, 1855 a skirmish called "Wakarusa War" started when a Free-Stater named Charles Dow was shot by a pro-slavery settler. The war had one death, a free stater named Thomas Barber was shot and killed. On May 21, 1856, Missourians invaded Lawrence and burned the Free State Hotel. They destroyed two newspaper offices, and ransacked homes and stores.
In May 1856, Republican Senator Charles Sumner took to the floor to denounce the threat of slavery in Kansas. He wanted to destroy what Republicans called the "Slave Power". In the speech called "The Crime against Kansas", Sumner ridiculed the honor of elderly South Carolina Senator Andrew Butler. He compared Butler's pro-slavery agenda towards Kansas with the raping of a virgin and characterizing his affection for it in sexually explicit and disgusting terms. The next day, Butler's cousin, the South Carolina Congressman Preston Brooks, nearly killed Sumner on the Senate floor with a heavy cane. The action shocked the nation, brought violence to the floor of the Senate, and deepened the North-South split.

The violence continued. Ohio abolitionist John Brown led his sons and other followers to plan the murder of settlers who spoke in favor of slavery. At a pro-slavery settlement at Pottawatomie Creek on the night of May 24, the group seized five pro-slavery men from their homes and hacked them to death with broadswords. Brown and his men escaped. They started making a plan for a full-scale slave insurrection to take place at Harper's Ferry, Virginia. They would have financial support from Boston abolitionists. The pro-slavery Territorial government had been relocated to Lecompton.

In August 1856, thousands of pro-slavery men formed into armies. They marched into Kansas. That same month, Brown and several of his followers engaged 400 pro-slavery militia in the "Battle of Osawatomie". The hostilities continued for another two months until Brown left the Kansas Territory. The new territorial governor, John W. Geary, took office and asked both sides for peace. 

Once Geary became governor, there was peace. However, this peace was broken by violent outbreaks for two more years. The last major outbreak of violence was the Marais des Cygnes massacre in 1858. This was when border ruffians killed five Free State men. In all, about 56 people died during the Bleeding Kansas era.

The political process that led to statehood for Kansas was long and difficult. To become a state, Kansas had to give an acceptable constitution to the U.S. Congress. Kansas tried to become a state four times. They had four different constitutions given. This was more than any other state territory. Missourians, because they were so close, went across the border to vote on the first state constitution. The fact they were not Kansas residents did not stop them from stuffing the ballot boxes. With their help, pro-slavery candidates were elected to the constitutional convention. What came to be called the "Bogus Legislature" met on July 2, 1855. Among the laws passed by the Bogus Legislature were the death penalty for anyone setting slaves free or for saying or writing anything that might cause a slave rebellion. Citizens of Kansas who had talked about any anti-slavery ideas were not allowed to be jurors. The convention did everything it could to make anyone with anti-slavery sentiments leave Kansas. Anti-slavery abolitionists met on June 24, 1855. They rejected the Bogus Legislature's laws and constitution.

After several conventions, the free-staters met in Topeka to write a constitution. It was given to the U.S. Congress, and it went to Kansas voters on December 15. The "Topeka constitution" won ratification by a vote of 1,731 to 46. The landslide victory was because the pro-slavery side protested the vote. President Franklin Pierce gave a speech January 24, 1856 saying the so-called Bogus Legislature was still legitimate. He called the Topeka constitution and the abolitionist convention illegal. The United States House of Representatives accepted the constitution by a vote of 99 to 97. It was sent to the United States Senate, but the bill was stopped in committee. The House and Senate went back and forth over the issue, but nothing was fixed. Then President Pierce sent federal troops to break up the Topeka legislature on July 4. A year passed with no progress. Both abolitionists and pro-slavery border ruffians started fighting a guerrilla war on the border to try to fix the issue.

A year passed with little change. However, James Buchanan was elected president of the United States. He chose Robert J. Walker to be the territorial governor of Kansas. His instructions to Walker were to help the "regular legislature" in creating a new constitutional convention. Buchanan promised Kansans that voters would be protected from force or fraud, and they should not protest the convention. Between mid-October and early November the Lecompton Constitution was drafted. When it was presented to Kansas voters it had two choices: a “Constitution With Slavery” and a “Constitution With No Slavery.” But it was cleverly worded in that it did not allow a vote against a constitution. This caused an angry response from voters. Governor Walker was forced to resign. By a vote of 6,226 to 569, on December 21, the Constitution With Slavery option won. However, Congress did not like the Lecompton constitution. The newly-created Republican Party joined forces with Northern Democrats, including Senator Stephen A. Douglas, to block the constitution because they felt it did not represent the will of the people of Kansas. The Democratic Party was split over the issue. Douglas and free-Stater in Kansas got a referendum held on January 4, 1858. This time, abolitionists, many of whom had earlier protested the vote, voted. More than 10,000 voters completely rejected the Lecompton Constitution.

The third try at a constitution was called the Leavenworth Constitution. It was called that because on March 25, 1858, the delegates met in Leavenworth, Kansas. When a bill asking for another convention had been sent to the new territorial governor, James Denver for approval, he ignored it. The territorial legislature then passed the bill, but they met after they were scheduled to leave. This caused an angry debate even before the convention met. At the convention, abolitionists disagreed over several issues including what to offer to blacks. Even so, the delegates voted on a new constitution to present to the voters. It was ratified on May 18, but very few Kansans came out to vote on the issue. Congress did not even take the Leavenworth constitution seriously. Instead, President Buchanan said that the Lecompton constitution had been ratified and it should be the constitution under consideration. While the Leavenworth constitution was waiting on ratification, both houses of congress sent the Lecompton constitution back to the voters of Kansas. This time there was a bribe attached. If the voters would approve the Lecompton constitution, they would get 3.5 million acres of public land to use for schools, a university and public works. If they rejected the constitution, Kansas would not be allowed to submit another constitution until it gained a larger population. On August 2, the voters rejected the terms of statehood made by Congress by a vote of 11,812 to 1,926. Both the Lecompton and the Leavenworth constitutions were dead. Both the pro-slavery and anti-slavery factions realized it was time for a new plan for Kansas.

Things quieted down temporarily although the polls had shown the free-state abolitionists were clearly in the majority. Many of the pro-slavery men from Missouri lost interest in the political affairs of Kansas. Many of the more radical abolitionists did also. The territorial legislature proceeded to find a way for Kansas to become a state. On February 9, 1859 the legislature passed an act to create one more constitutional convention. The new governor, Samuel Medary, signed the bill. A vote held on March 28 showed 5,306 Kansans were for the measure while 1,425 were against it. By this time it was widely thought Kansas would be a free state, if approved for statehood. But other issues were being debated. These included state boundaries, suffrage and temperance. Deligates to the convention were elected and on July 5 met at Wyandotte, a town that later became part of Kansas City. On July 29, the Wyandotte Constitution was adopted (without signatures of many of the Democrats at the convention). It was presented to the people of Kansas on October 4 and was approved by a vote of 10,421 to 5,530.

The U.S. House of Representatives introduced a bill in February 1860 for statehood and it passed. In the Senate, however, the measure stalled. It went to the Committee on Territories for three months before it came back to the Senate floor. The committee had recommended it not be passed. Debates on the measure went back and forth, but nothing was done due to the upcoming presidential election. In the 1860 election, Abraham Lincoln won the presidency. The Southern states then seceded from the Union. With Congress cleared of those against Kansas becoming a free state, the measure was passed. President Buchanan was still in office but signed the bill making Kansas the 34th state. The Wyandotte constitution became the constitution of the State of Kansas.


Molokhia

Molokhia , Molokhiyya or Melokhiyya (various spellings based on the ) is a type of jute plant and is an Egyptian soupy vegetable dish. It is made from leaves of "Corchorus olitorius", commonly known as jute leaves , Jute mallow , Nalta jute, and Tossa jute . It is commonly served in other forms in some other countries as Tunisia,Lebanon, Syria , and Cyprus

and butter are added.
may be added or not added
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tz57CLXuKtw&pp=ygUPI2p1dGVsZWF2ZXNjaG

into powder
also





Dürrenroth

Dürrenroth is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Arkadiusz Milik

Arkadiusz Krystian "Arek" Milik (born 28 February 1994 in Tychy, Poland) is a Polish association football forward who currently plays for the French club Olympique de Marseille (on loan from SSC Napoli) and the Poland national football team. He has also played for AFC Ajax, Rozwój Katowice, Górnik Zabrze, Bayer 04 Leverkusen and FC Augsburg.


Vasili Berezutski

Vasiliy Vladimirovich Berezutski (; born 20 June 1982) is a Russian football coach and a former player. He played as a defender. Berezutski is an assistant coach with CSKA Moscow. He began his professional career in 1999 at the age of 17 with Torpedo Moscow. Berezutski was a Russia national football team regular. He earned his 100th cap on 6 September 2016 against Ghana.


Crash (Gwen Stefani song)

"Crash" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Written by Stefani and No Doubt bandmate Tony Kanal, the song uses car metaphors to describe a relationship. Many music critics compared the song to music made by American female rap group Salt-n-Pepa.

Unlike the previous singles released from the "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." album, "Crash" was the only song not to feature an actual music video, a live performance from the "Harajuku Lovers Tour" was used instead, this was mainly because Stefani was pregnant with her first child.



Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."


Eggiwil

Eggiwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Epsach

Epsach is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Skylab

Skylab was the first space station of the United States. It was launched on May 14, 1973 on an extra Saturn V Moon rocket. It was launched without the third stage, lunar module, or command/service module because Skylab was itself an extra third stage that was turned into a space station, which is called a wet workshop. The Apollo spacecraft visited the station three times. If there was any problem, an Apollo spacecraft with Vance D. Brand and Don L. Lind could rescue the crews.

Skylab did 80 experiments. Those were divided into six categories:

Our (river)

The Our (pronunciation [u:r]) is a river in Belgium, Luxembourg and Germany. It is a left-hand tributary of the Sauer river, and so it is part of the drainage basin of the Rhine river.

The Our river has a length of . Of that length, are in Luxemboug Its drainage basin has an area of .

The source of the Our is in southeastern Belgium. It is near Manderfeld in the Büllingen municipality,  Liège province. It is at an altitude of about .

The river flows southwards, more or less along the German-Belgian  border and, after Ouren, along the German-Luxembourg border. The historic town of Vianden lies on the Our.

The Our joins, as a left tributary, the Sauer river in Wallendorf in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate, at about of altitude.

North of Viande, the river is blocked by the Our Dam.

The tributaries of the Our river with length over 5 km are:


Carsington Water

Carsington Water is a massive reservoir operated by Severn Trent Water.

It is England's ninth largest reservoir with a capacity of 35,412 megaliters. Planning for the reservoir started in the 1960s with actual construction staring in 1979. In 1984 there was a partial collapse of the dam.

Pro-slavery (United States)

Pro-slavery was an ideology that promoted the practice of slavery and defended against any interference with the system. By the 1830s, slavery was practiced mainly in the Southern United States. African American slaves were considered property. Slave owners justified them being property because slaves were black—in other words not people. Slaves were used on large plantations and small farms as the primary form of labor. 

Largely in response to the abolitionist arguments against slavery, pro-slavery advocates developed arguments to justify slavery as being a good thing. While anti-slavery groups pushed for a gradual end to slavery, and free-soilers sought to stop its expansion, abolitionists demanded an immediate end to the practice. Pro-slavery became as much anti-abolitionism as it was a defense of slavery.

It is sometimes hard to understand why southerners who did not own slaves would defend the practice of slavery. In the south at that time, slaves did not just work on plantations. There were over 4 million blacks enslaved in the south and they far outnumbered white people. In cities like Charleston, South Carolina, slaves worked at various jobs such as carpenters, blacksmiths, bricklayers and street sweeper. They performed every kind of manual labor. They raised the family's children, cooked, cleaned and served the food to their masters. A visitor to Charleston commented “Charleston looks more like a Negro country than a country settled by white people”. 

Southerners feared a slave rebellion like the one on Haiti only a few decades earlier. They also feared that without slaves their economy would collapse completely. Slavery had become a subject of vital interest to everyone in the United States. In 1859, the raid on the federal arsenal at Harper's Ferry, Virginia by the abolitionist John Brown shocked the south. Had Brown succeeded, he intended to arm slaves in the south with weapons to revolt against their masters. Each new state admitted to the United States became a battle over whether it would be a free state or would allow slavery. Extremists from all sides flocked to territories to promote their own cause. Bleeding Kansas became a worst case example where the competing views broke down into outright guerrilla warfare. Political compromises were tried, such as the Missouri Compromise of 1820 and the Compromise of 1850.

Slaves were generally poorly fed and had minimal clothing and places to sleep. Household servants usually did better as they got the old clothes of their master's family and had access to better quality food. Slaves suffered from poor health in the heat and humidity of the south. Because of their poor diet and unsanitary living conditions, they frequently suffered from diseases. The rice plantations were the most deadly for slaves. They stood in water for most of the day under the hot sun. Malaria was a common disease. The mortality rate was highest among slave children. It averaged about 66 % generally and was as high as 90 % on rice plantations.

Slave women were frequently used for sex by their masters. If any refused they could be physically beaten. Their racially mixed or mulatto children were considered slaves because their status followed that of the mother. All women in the south, black or white, were considered chattel or property, they belonged to the master. In 1808, the Act Prohibiting Importation of Slaves took effect. After this time slave breeding by their masters became a common way to produce slaves. There was also a demand for light-skinned, good looking young female slaves. These "fancy maids", slave women sold at auction as concubines or prostitutes, brought the highest prices. 

The arguments for slavery by Southern spokesmen said that chattel slavery (slaves as property), as practiced in the South, was more humane than the system of "wage slavery" practiced in the industrialized Northern United States. George Fitzhugh, in his book published in 1857, "Cannibals All!", maintained that pro-slavery held the moral high ground in the national debate over slavery. Fitzhugh maintained that because slaveholders owned their slaves they took better care of them than the northern capitalists who only "rented" their workers. In his earlier "Sociology for the South" he proposed that many white people should also be slaves.

Some pointed out that slave owners provided food and clothes for their slaves, something that northern employers did not do. Other arguments pointed out that in addition to the benefits slaves enjoyed under slavery was that by keeping them separate, they did not mix with the white race. While this was a fear of many southerners, the argument played on the fears of northerners. The basis for this was the commonly held belief at the time that blacks were inferior to whites.

Others pointed out that a sudden end to slavery would cause economic collapse in the south. There would be no cotton, tobacco or rice industries. Also, that if all the slaves were freed it would lead to unemployment and chaos all over the United States. They claimed it would lead to uprisings much like the "Reign of Terror" during the French Revolution. 

These arguments and others were widely published in books, newspapers and pamphlets. They were designed to promote and defend slavery.


Eriswil

Eriswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Secunderabad

Secunderabad is a city in the state of Telangana, India. It is popularly called the twin city of Hyderabad.

Secunderabad was founded in the year 1806 as a British cantonment. Secunderabad and Hyderabad together form the sixth biggest metropolis in India. It is one of the biggest cantonments in India. It has a large presence of army and air force.

The population of Secunderabad is 204,182. The literacy rate of Secunderabad is 73%. The most popular sport is cricket.

Erlach, Switzerland

Erlach () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Erlenbach im Simmental

Erlenbach im Simmental is a municipality of the administrative district Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ersigen

Ersigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Oberösch and Niederösch merged into the municipality of Ersigen.

Thrombolite

Thrombolites are ancient types of microbial communities that photosynthesize. They are similar to stromatolites, but they are formed differently.

Stromatolites are clearly layered, but thrombolites are not. They are "clotted accretionary structures". They formed in shallow water by the trapping, holding, and cementing sedimentary grains by microorganisms, especially cyanobacteria. They were common in the Cambrian and early Ordovician, and few examples still exist today.

Eschert

Eschert is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Etzelkofen

Etzelkofen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern,
Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Etzelkofen, Büren zum Hof, Grafenried, Limpach, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Free-Stater (Kansas)

Free-Staters were those settlers in Kansas Territory during the Bleeding Kansas era in the 1850s who opposed the extension of slavery to Kansas. The name came from the term "free state". This meant a U.S. state without slavery.

Some Free-Staters were abolitionists from New England. Other Free-Staters were abolitionists who came to Kansas Territory from Ohio, Iowa, and other midwestern states. However, the majority of Free-Staters, regardless of where they were from, did not claim to be abolitionists at the beginning. Instead, the official Free-State line supported the idea of excluding "all" Black people from the state of Kansas. While they didn't have slaves themselves most were prejudiced against black people believing the popular idea they were inferior. Most of the settlers seemed to want free soil for white people only.

Pro-slavery Southerners in Kansas Territory said all Free-Staters were abolitionists. This was in order to motivate the South's opposition. However, Eli Thayer and other New England Company leaders denied that they were seeking to abolish slavery. Also, the failed Topeka Constitution drafted by the Free-Staters in 1855 would have excluded any black person from settling in Kansas. This is whether they were slaves or free. In contrast, abolitionists wanted equal rights for all blacks and to end discrimination against them.

As time passed and the violence in Bleeding Kansas increased, abolitionists became associated with the Free-State movement. In 1858, the Free-Staters proposed a second constitution, the Leavenworth Constitution, which banned slavery and also would have given the right to vote to black men. This constitution also failed because of unresolved conflict between the two sides. Kansas became a state in 1861 after the fourth and final Wyandotte Constitution was agreed on. Holton, Kansas was named for the Milwaukee, Wisconsin free-stater Edward Dwight Holton.

Evilard

Evilard is a municipality in the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Lucca (footballer, born 1990)

Lucca Borges de Brito (born 14 February 1990), simply known as Lucca, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward or a winger for Thai League 1 club Lamphun Warriors.

Lucca is known for his playmaking ability, his excellent technical ability, vision and set pieces.

Fahrni

Fahrni is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Farnern

Farnern is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Graziano Pellè

Graziano Pellè (born 15 July 1985 in San Cesario di Lecce, Italy) is an Italian association football forward who currently plays for the English club Southampton and the Italy national team. He has also played for U.S. Lecce, Calcio Catania, Crotone, Cesena, AZ Alkmaar, Parma Football Club SpA, U.C. Sampdoria and Feyenoord. He won the Eredivisie with AZ Alkmaar in 2009 and was Premier League Player of the Month in September of 2014.


Omar Mateen

Omar Mir Seddique Mateen (November 16, 1986 – June 12, 2016) was an American mass shooter/mass murderer. He killed at least 49 people and wounded 53 others in a mass shooting at a gay bar in Orlando, Florida. He was killed in a gunfight with the police. It was the largest and deadliest act of violence targeting LGBT people in United States history.
Mateen was born in New York to Afghan parents. He moved to Port St. Lucie, Florida in 1991.

Before the shooting, he had been investigated by the FBI in 2013 and 2014. Mateen reportedly pledged his allegiance to the Sunni militant jihadist group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) before the shooting.

Bogdan Stancu

Bogdan Sorin Stancu (born on 28 June 1987 in Pitești, Romania) is a Romanian association football forward and left winger who currently plays for the Turkish club Gençlerbirliği and the Romania national football team. His nickname is "Motanul" (meaning Tomcat). He also previously played for Argeș Pitești, CS Mioveni, Unirea Urziceni, Steaua București, Galatasaray and Orduspor.

These goals are current since the game against Switzerland.


Farhiyo Farah Ibrahim

Farhiyo Farah Ibrahim (Arabic language: فرحيو فرح إبراهيم) is a Somali refugee and women’s rights activist. She fights against female genital mutilation and forced marriage in the Dadaab refugee camp in north-east Kenya. In 2008, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In 2002 Farah went to work for the National Council of Churches in Kenya, teaching people about reproductive health. After she was attacked, she took a job as an interpreter in Dadaab.

In 2005 Farah went to a leadership program in the town of Naivasha in Western Kenya. Then she worked for CARE, giving people information about reproductive health. CARE is an international NGO that helps refugees. 

The Carsey-Werner Company

The Carsey-Werner Company (also called Carsey-Werner Productions or Carsey-Werner Television) is an independent television company. It was founded in 1981 by former ABC writer and producer duo Marcy Carsey and Tom Werner.

The company created television sitcoms including "Roseanne", "A Different World", "The Cosby Show", "Grace Under Fire" and "That '70s Show".

Carsey-Werner was sold to NBC Universal in 2007.

Ge with upturn

Ukrainian Ge (Ґ, ґ) is the fifth letter of the Ukrainian alphabet. It can also be used in the Belarusian language. This letter means the sound [g] in both languages, "Г" meaning the sound [h]. Firstly this letter appeared in the middle of the 19th century.
Serious (Gwen Stefani song)

"Serious" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). The track was written by Stefani and her Doubt bandmate, Tony Kanal. Kanal also produced the song with Mark "Spike" Stent. "Serious" had been compared to Madonnas early music by Enrique Peña Nieto.

A music video was made for the song, but the video was never officially released. Sophie Muller directed the music video. The music video features Stefani and the Harajuku Girls dancing on various rooftops throughout Los Angeles. A minute long clip of the music video was uploaded onto YouTube on October 13, 2006.




Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."

Pasophae

Pasophae, also spelt Pasiphaë, is a character in Greek mythology. She is the daughter of the sun god, Helios and the wife of King Minos. She was the mother of many of Minos' children. They included Ariadne and her brother Androgeos, who was killed by the Athenians. She also had an affair with a prized bull her husband had refused to sacrifice to Poseidon. The offspring of Pasophae and the bull was the Minotaur, which was eventually killed by Theseus.

Long Way to Go (Gwen Stefani and André 3000 song)

"Long Way to Go" is a song by American singer-songwriter Gwen Stefani with American rapper André 3000. The song appears as the closing track on Stefani's debut studio album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). It was released on November 23, 2004 by Interscope Records. The track was written by both Stefani and 3000. The song also includes a sample from Martin Luther King, Jr.'s 1963 "I Have a Dream" speech.

"Long Way to Go" was originally recorded in 2003 during recording sessions for both of Stefani and 3000's then upcoming studio albums. André 3000's original version of the song had Stefani as a featured artist and he originally recorded for the Outkasts "The Love Below" album.

Lyrically, "Long Way to Go" is about prejudices against dating someone from a different race. The line, "When snow hits the asphalt / Cold looks and bad talk come" is used as a metaphor for the nasty comments people receive when dating someone of the opposite race. "Long Way to Go" also includes a sample from Martin Luther King, Jr.s 1963 "I Have a Dream" speech. "Long Way to Go" was written by Stefani and 3000 and was also produced by 3000.






Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Love. Angel. Music. Baby."

Ferenbalm

Ferenbalm () is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Forst, Switzerland

Forst is a village in the canton of Bern, Switzerland. The former municipality of the district of Thun merged with Längenbühl on January 1, 2007 to form Forst-Längenbühl.

Forst-Längenbühl

Forst-Längenbühl is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2007, the former municipalities of Forst and Längenbühl merged into the new municipality of Forst-Längenbühl.

Fraubrunnen

Fraubrunnen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Limpach, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.


Frauenkappelen

Frauenkappelen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Plains Indians

Plains Indians or Indigenous peoples of the Great Plains and Canadian Prairies are Native American tribes with similar cultures in the Interior Plains. This includes the Great Plains and Canadian Prairies. It is between the Rocky Mountains and the Mississippi River. The landscape is mostly flat grasslands and plains. The natives were often on the move (nomadic) and used horses. Natives mainly hunted bison. These people have become part of popular culture. They were one of the last Natives to be taken over. This particular Native group has become a stereotype for Natives in literature and art.

There are two main groups of Plain Indians. One moved a lot (nomadic) and the other did not travel that much (sedentary): 


In the early Prehistoric periods, Native peoples hunted and collected plants. They later developed agriculture and grew corn. Plains people lived there for thousands of years and adapted to changes in climate and landscape. Early Natives mostly did not move and were sedentary. Groups developed Plains Village Cultures. There was not that much war and conflict before horses came. 

The Spanish explorers and conquistadores first brought horses to the Southwest in the 1500s. Hernán Cortés was the first Spanish to bring horses in 1519. Juan de Oñate brought many more horses in 1592. Later these horses moved north and came to the Plains region. The horses changed the way the Plains Indians hunted. They quickly adapted to hunting bison on horseback as nomadic hunters. The Navajo began to steal horses from the Spanish. Apache traded captives for horses. Horses also escaped into the wild. Horses were traded to or captured by other tribes.The Comanche soon followed and realized how useful horses could be. The Comanche became powerful and took over the Apache areas. All of these tribes based their wealth and power on the horse. By the mid-1700s, most Plains Indians had each one or more horses. The Plains culture had now fully developed. 

The next European advance came from the British and French. They brought guns to North America. Native interacted in these exchanges that were part of the Fur Trade. The British also pushed many of the Eastern Woodlands tribes onto the Great Plains. Guns weakened the Native Americans and caused greater conflict among tribes. Guns increased the intensity of conflicts between tribes. This indirectly led to forced migration. 

In the 19th century, US people started to slaughter and hunt bison. The US government wanted to get rid of bison to starve out the Native peoples. Many times, Americans just hunted for the skin and left the meat behind. The bison almost became extinct. 

The American government pushed west and this led to conflict, including the Indians Wars. The Plains Wars were from the 1850s to 1870s. Notable examples of wars include the Dakota War, Great Sioux War, Snake War and Colorado War. Natives resisted US American populations. In 1890, many Natives were killed in the Wounded Knee Massacre. After the 1850s, the horse culture of the Plains Indians ended as tribes were moved to Indian reservations. 

Plains people lived in teepees. These were cone-shaped homes for single families. Natives used buffalo skin as the walls and poles for the structure of the teepees. There was a hole at the top to allow light and smoke through. Villages lived in earth lodges. These were round-shaped, and the walls were made of earth. Usually, there were several families living in these homes. Other types of homes were the Wichita and Osage. They were shaped like wigwams, which had dome or cone shapes. Native often used grass for the walls. 

The most common crops in the Plains regions were corn, squash and beans (the Three Sisters). There was also tobacco, plums and sunflower. Corn culture developed in 900 AD. Natives often collected rainwater. Plains people also hunted buffalo, deer, and elk. With horses, several tribes focused only on hunting buffalo and moved around more. Up to the 1500s, tribes lived on the edges of the Great Plains. They were farmers and hunter-gatherers. From autumn to spring they raised crops. During the summers they went out onto the Great Plains to hunt bison on foot.

At the height of their cultures, their main source of food was the large herds of American bison. Hunting was not only the main activity of Plains Indians but was a central part of their religion. Their culture was formed from the natural environment they lived in. Before horses, it was more difficult for natives to hunt bison. They often had to create traps for the bison. Early on, they used bows and arrows, spears, and clubs. Later the Europeans introduced firearms. 

Native peoples mostly used the skins of bison and deer for their clothing. War heroes could wear war bonnets. Natives wore mocassins as shoes. The horses allowed Natives to become wealthier. As a result, clothing began to include more luxury items. 

In Plains culture, inheritance and lineage could be through the mother, father, or both. There were some rules for marriage, like against incest. Arranged marriages were common, and there was sometimes polygamy. The least strict relationship rules were between grandchildren and grandparents. There were particular gender roles in communities. Women did things related to food, clothing, raising children, and teepee building. Women, however, owned the home. Women could get a divorce. Men did more hunting and defending. Natives raised Children more through rewards and praise. Several family members could serve as mentors. 
Warfare was very individualistic. Often, only a few warriors went on a raid. Individual warriors could get plunder and trophies from an attack. Warrior status was important. Raiding became more common with horses. The Comanche were notable warriors. Fighting was both defensive and offensive. Natives attacked other Natives, but also European colonists. Usually, war was about revenge for a person's death or to get praise. Horses were very valuable and, if stolen, could lead to war. 

Wealth, success, and status were based more on merit and achievement. This system applied to the ranking of warriors. There were many honors for warriors. Bravery was very important. The tradition of "counting coup" was a very high honor. One showed bravery by defeating another warrior without killing the warrior. The number of horses won in a raid decided how successful the raid was. 

The Plain Natives won several battles against the Americans. Natives won at the Battle of Little Bighorn. War with the Americans lasted up to the 19th century. The Natives were fast, knew the lands, and knew how to control the horses. The Natives could not enter longer wars. This was because of the hunting season. They also did not want to take big risks that would cause more deaths. Natives still used bows and arrows after they got firearms.

Plains Indians believed in forms of animism. Animism meant animals and certain objects had spirits. Spirits were often the ones that brought about success. Natives could get help from a spirit by doing a vision quest. A spirit could give a vision or dream. These visions would contain knowledge like how to win a fight or to heal sicknesses. Some tribes believed that there was one spirit greater than all the others. Other tribes believed that all spirits were equal. 

There were certain religious leaders. Shamans had spiritual powers and could heal the sick. They had direct contact with the supernatural. Shamans were different than priests. Priests had a lot of knowledge about the spiritual world. Sometimes one person could be both a shaman and a priest. Some people in tribes were "wakan" (Lakota: "holy"). There was often training to get this status. One could become a spiritual leader or a medicine person. 

Natives had many rituals and ceremonies. The Sun Dance was an important ritual. Different tribes came together to affirm their beliefs. The Sun Dance was usually every year. The ceremony also included sacrifices. People would make personal sacrifices to heal the larger community. There were dances and songs. Fasting was also common. There was much preparation for these ceremonies. The dance sometimes included piercing individuals.
Popular culture in United States included stereotypes of Plains Indians. Buffalo Bill Cody featured plains Indians in his Wild West shows beginning in the 1880s. When Hollywood began making movies, the western was a favorite topic. They introduced the plains Indians as the stereotypical Native American Indian to the entire world. When fiction about the American Old West shows Indians, they are usually plains Indians.

The Plains Indians have been popular in European countries like Germany. Such views of Natives were often idealized and filled with stereotypes. The richness of Native American culture was not considered. The Plain Indians became a stereotype for all Native Americans. The German writer Karl May wrote many books about the Wild West and Plains Indians. 

The American artist George Catlin made many drawings and paintings of Plains Indians. 


Wind It Up (Gwen Stefani song)

"Wind It Up" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani. It was released on August 5, 2006 as the lead single from Stefani's second studio album "The Sweet Escape". The song contains a sample from "The Lonely Goatherd" which was originally from "The Sound of Music".

In July 2005, Stefani began writing and recording material with Pharrell Williams in Miami, Florida for her album.

Many music critics did not like the yodeling that was featured in the song.

Stefani later said about the song:


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Sweet Escape".


Osage Nation

The Osage are a Midwestern Native American tribe of Plains Indians who historically ruled much of Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas. The tribe formerly lived in the areas in the Ohio and Mississippi valleys around 1,200 BC. They then began migrating west due to wars with the invading Iroquois. The term "Osage" is considered a French name for the tribe which roughly translates into "Mid-Waters". The Osage people refer to themselves in their own language as Wazhazhe.

At the height of their power in the early 18th century, the Osage had become the dominant power in the region. They were feared by neighboring tribes as ruthless and "savage" fighters. The Osage would often practice ritual scalping and beheading as military trophies. The tribe controlled the area between the Missouri and Red River to the South and were greatly dependent on nomadic buffalo hunting and farming.

The 19th-century painter George Catlin described the Osage as:
The missionary Isaac McCoy described the Osage as an "uncommonly fierce, courageous, warlike nation", and Washington Irving said they were the "finest looking Indians I have ever seen in the West."

The Osage originally lived among the Kansa, Ponca, Omaha, and Quapaw in the Ohio Valley. Researchers believed that the tribes likely developed differences in their languages and cultures after leaving the lower Ohio country. The Omaha and Ponca settled in the present-day area of Nebraska, the Kansa in Kansas, and the Quapaw in Arkansas.

The Osage are a federally recognized tribe. They were forced to move to Indian Territory in the 19th century, and have been based in Oklahoma. There are 9,400 descendants, 5,620 of which reside in the area surrounding Osage County. Members live both on the nations tribal land in Oklahoma and in other states around the country such as Kansas.

Isenthal

Isenthal is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Shielding effect

Shielding is when an electron becomes less attracted to other atoms the further it is away from the nucleus. This is because the forces holding atoms together become weaker as distance increases.

In a reactive metal like sodium, the single electron on an electron shell furthest from the nucleus is more likely to be lost in a reaction with another element. This is because less energy is needed to pull them away. Other elements with similar properties like potassium that are lower down on the periodic table than sodium will be even more likely to lose their furthest electron in a reaction. This is because of the addition of more electron shells between the nucleus and the furthest electron, increasing distance.

The shielding effect also happens with elements that have many electrons on their furthest electron shell, for example chlorine. In this case however, more energy is needed to give the atom an electron. The amount of energy needed is increased with the number electron shells around the nucleus of the atom, for example in elements further down the periodic table like [Bromine]].

Ádám Szalai

Ádám Csaba Szalai (born 9 December 1987) is a Hungarian former professional footballer who played as a forward.

Individual


Ackee

The ackee, ("Blighia sapida") is a fruit. It is related to the lychee and the longan. It is native to tropical West Africa. The scientific name honours Captain William Bligh who took the fruit from Jamaica to Kew Gardens, England in 1793.

The fruit was imported to Jamaica from West Africa before 1778. Since then it has become a feature of various Caribbean cuisines, and is cultivated elsewhere in the world.

Atchison, Kansas

Atchison is a city and county seat of Atchison County, Kansas, United States, and is along the Missouri River. As of the 2020 census, its population was 10,885. The city is named for David Rice Atchison, a United States senator from Missouri. It was the original eastern starting point of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. Aviator Amelia Earhart was born there. The Amelia Earhart Festival is held every year in July. Atchison is also home of Benedictine College, a Catholic liberal-arts college.

Atchison was founded in 1854. It was named for Senator David Rice Atchison, who, when Kansas was opened for settlement, interested some of his friends in the scheme of forming a city in the new territory. Senator Atchison was interested in making sure that the population of the new Kansas Territory would be mainly pro-slavery. He had been a prominent promoter of both slavery and the idea of popular sovereignty over the issue in the new lands. However, it seems that all were not agreed upon the location he had selected. On July 20, 1854, Dr. John H. Stringfellow, Ira Norris, Leonidas Oldham, James B. Martin and Neal Owens left Platte City, Missouri, to decide definitely upon a site. They found a site that was the natural outlet of a remarkably rich agricultural region just open to settlement. Eighteen persons were present when the town company was formally organized by electing Peter T. Abell, president. James Burns was elected treasurer. Dr. Stringfellow was elected the town secretary.

At the outbreak of the American Civil War there were three militia companies organized in Atchison. They joined other Kansas regiments. They were known as Companies A, C and “At All Hazards”. Early in September 1861, a home guard was organized in the town to protect it in case of invasion from Missouri. On the 15th of the month another company was raised, which later became a state regiment. In 1863 the city of Atchison raised $4,000 to assist the soldiers from the county. After the Lawrence Massacre a like sum was raised to assist the stricken people of that city. Citizens of the town also joined the vigilance committees that aided the civil authorities in protection against raiding and the lawless bands of thieves that infested the border counties.

During the war, Atchison was also the headquarters of numerous bands of jayhawkers. This included the notorious Charles Metz, who was known as "Cleveland". Metz, a former prisoner at the Missouri State Penitentiary, selected Atchison as his headquarters for raids into Missouri. He was accepted with open arms by the people of the town. During his period of operations, he stole hundreds of horses from Missouri farmers and sold them in Kansas. He robbed any suspected southern sympathizer and threatened several leading citizens with murder and robbery if they remained in town. He even ran off the first president of Atchison, P.T. Abell, who was forced into exile until after the Civil War ended. He defied all authorities but was finally shot and killed at some point in 1862. He is buried in St. Joseph, Missouri.

Gadmen

Gadmen was a municipality in the administrative district Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Gadmen merged into the municipality of Innertkirchen.


New York Tribune

The New-York Tribune was an American newspaper. It was founded by Horace Greeley as a Whig Party newspaper in April 1841. Between 1842 and 1866, the newspaper was called the New-York Daily Tribune. The tribune not only reported the news, it covered subjects such as politics, literary works, social reform and intellectual achievements. Greeley, through the Tribune, supported the beginnings of Republican Party. In 1860 the "Tribune" supported Abraham Lincoln as President of the United States and during the Civil War. However, the paper opposed his reelection in 1864. For some time the paper had the largest circulation in the United States. The "Tribune's" editorials were widely read and helped shape national opinion. In 1924 it was merged with the "New York Herald" to form the "New York Herald Tribune". It remained a major US daily newspaper until it ended publication in 1966.


Gals

Gals () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Pawnee people

The Pawnee are a Native American Plains Indians tribe. They lived mainly in what is now Nebraska and Kansas. Unlike other tribes of the Great Plains, they were semi-nomadic people. They were hunters and farmers. The Pawnee farmed for most of the year and lived in earth lodges. During the buffalo hunting season, they lived in tepees so they could follow the herds. In the early 1800s their main village was on the south side of the Platte River (Nebraska). They raised crops including beans, corn, pumpkins, squashes and sunflowers. The powerful Pawnee tribe had four individual bands. These were the Chaui (Grand), the Kitkehaki (Republican Pawnees), Pitahauerat (Tapage Pawnees) and the Skidi (Loup or Wolf Pawnees). They were a fierce people who used war paint and tattoos to intimidate their enemies. The Pawnee took scalps in battle. Pawnee war parties often rode out on scalping missions against other tribes. The Pawnee also practiced human sacrifice. Most often this took the form of ritually killing a young captive girl in a five-day ceremony. She was sacrificed to the Morning Star. The last known ritual killing was of a girl in the mid-18th century. The Pawnee were the largest tribe to have lived in Nebraska. They were one of the earliest tribes to come to the area. Estimates are that there were between 10,000 and 12,000 Pawnee in Nebraska by 1800. They had little to fear from their enemies because they were a large tribe. But smallpox and other diseases aswell as warfare with the Sioux reduced their numbers significantly in the early 1800s. They were finally removed to Oklahoma in the 1870s.


Eagle nebula

The Eagle nebula is a young open cluster of stars in the constellation Serpens. 

The nebula is catalogued as Messier 16 (M16), and as NGC 6611. It is also called the Star Queen nebula and The Spire. These last names refer to visual impressions of the dark patch near the center of the nebula. This is called the "Pillars of Creation". It was photographed by the Hubble Space Telescope. The nebula contains several active star-forming gas and dust regions, including the Pillars of Creation.

William Adams

William Adams (24 September 1564 – 16 May 1620), was an English navigator. He was the first Englishman to visit Japan.

He was born in Gillingham, Kent, England. William's father died when his at age 12. He apprenticed to a shipwright, and studied shipbuilding, astronomy, and navigation. He joined the Royal Navy during Anglo-Spanish War. He served in the Royal Navy under Sir Francis Drake. He became a pilot for the Barbary Company, a trading company established by Queen Elizabeth I of England.

In 1598, Adams shipped as pilot major with a five-ship fleet. The fleet was owned by a company of Rotterdam merchants (Dutch East India Company). The fleet went from the isle of Texel, North Holland to the Eastern world.

New England Emigrant Aid Company

The New England Emigrant Aid Company (est.1854), originally the Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Company, was a transportation company in Boston, Massachusetts. It was created to bring immigrants to the Kansas Territory. This was done to make sure Kansas would become a free state. The company was created by Eli Thayer, a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, over a month before the Kansas-Nebraska Act was passed in 1854. This act allowed the population of Kansas Territory to choose for themselves whether or not slavery would be legal. The concept was called popular sovereignty.

The company was chartered in Massachusetts and started with a capital of $5 million. Thayer's plan was to play on antislavery sentiment in the Northern United States. At the time there was a very delicate balance between slave states and free states. The Company send settlers to Kansas to buy land and build houses, shops and mills. The settlers could then sell the land at a significant profit and send the money back to Thayer and his investors. Because several investors found the idea of profiting from the antislavery cause unpleasant, the company's model was shifted to that of a benevolent society. The name was changed to the New England Emigrant Aid Company in 1855. The Company never made a profit or made a significant impact on the population of Kansas. But, it caused Border Ruffians from nearby Missouri, where slavery was legal, to move to Kansas in order to ensure its admission to the Union as a slave state. This in turn further galvanized Free-Staters and abolitionists to act. To protect the settlers they sent, the Company secretly sent armed men and Sharps rifles to Kansas. The rifles were sent in crates marked "books" and "Bibles". This played a part in what would become Bleeding Kansas.

Gampelen

Gampelen () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is not be confused with the municipality Gampel in the canton of Valais.


2012 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

The 2012 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A (known as the Brasileirão Petrobras 2012 for sponsorship reasons) was the 56th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. Corinthians come in as the defending champions having won the title in the 2011 season. On 11 November 2012, Fluminense won the title for the fourth time.

Kansas Territory

The Territory of Kansas was a territory of the United States that existed from May 30, 1854, until January 29, 1861. This was when the eastern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the state of Kansas.

The territory extended from the Missouri border west to the summit of the Rocky Mountains. North-south it ran from the 37th parallel north to the 40th parallel north. Much of the eastern region of what is now the State of Colorado was part of Kansas Territory. The western region of the former Kansas Territory, the Territory of Colorado, was created on February 28, 1861.

Kansas Territory was established by the Kansas–Nebraska Act. The Kansas–Nebraska Act became a law on May 30, 1854, establishing the Nebraska Territory and Kansas Territory. The Act repealed the Missouri Compromise of 1820 which marked a line of latitude to be the separation of free and slave states. The Kansas-Nebraska Act allowed the settlers of Kansas Territory to determine by popular sovereignty whether Kansas would be a free state or a slave state. The Act contained thirty-seven sections. The provisions relating to Kansas Territory formed the last eighteen sections. Some of the more notable sections were:

Within a few days after the passage of the Kansas–Nebraska Act, hundreds of Missourians (also called Border Ruffians) crossed into Kansas territory. Many selected a section of land and voted in a meeting or meetings. This was intending to appear there was a pro-slavery majority in this region. In fact, each side became a majority back and forth.

As early as June 10, 1854, the Missourians held a meeting at Salt Creek Valley, a trading post west from Fort Leavenworth, at which a "Squatter's Claim Association" was organized. In newspaper articles they said they were in favor of making Kansas a slave state "if it should require half the citizens of Missouri, musket in hand, to emigrate there, and even sacrifice their lives in accomplishing so desirable an end." In another paper they warned: "The abolitionists will probably not be interrupted if they settle north of the fortieth parallel of north latitude, but south of that line, and within Kansas Territory they need not set foot. It is decreed by the people who live adjacent that their institutions are to be established, and candor compels us to advise accordingly."

During the long debate before the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act, planning had already started for emigrants from the free states to settle in the territory. The largest organization created for this purpose was the New England Emigrant Aid Company, organized by Eli Thayer. Emigration from the free states, including New England, Iowa, Ohio, and other Midwestern states, flowed into the territory beginning in 1854. These emigrants were known as Free-Staters. Because Missourians had claimed much of the land closest to the border, the Free-Staters were forced to establish settlements further into Kansas Territory. Among these were Lawrence, Topeka, and Manhattan.

Abolitionists, like Free-Staters, did not want Kansas to become a slave state. They wanted to get rid of slavery permanently in the United States. Abolitionists also believed “all men are created equal.” Unlike Free-Staters, they wanted equal rights for blacks. The official Free-State line supported the idea of excluding "all" Black people from the state of Kansas. While they didn't have slaves themselves most were prejudiced against black people believing the popular idea they were inferior. Most of the settlers seemed to want free soil for white people only. Eventually they compromised with Free-Staters to prevent slavery in Kansas.

The first territorial appointments were made in June and July 1854. The officers appointed by President Franklin Pierce. They were confirmed by the United States Senate. The first governor was Democrat Andrew Horatio Reeder. Reeder was completely in sympathy with the pro-slavery southerners. He took the oath of office in Washington, DC on July 7, 1854. He arrived in Kansas on October 7, the same year. Reeder became one of the most active land speculators in the territory. In 1855, this conflict of interest finally got him fired as governor by President Pierce.

On March 30, 1855 "Border Ruffians" from Missouri entered Kansas during the territory's first legislative election and voted in a pro-slavery Territorial Legislature. This was called the "Bogus Legislature" because of the widespread claims of election fraud. Antislavery candidates prevailed in one election district, the future Riley County.

The first session of the legislature was held in Pawnee, Kansas (within the boundary of modern-day Fort Riley) at the request of Governor Reeder. He chose it for several reasons, not the least of which was he was an investor in the city. The two-story stone building still stands and is open to the public as the first Territorial Capitol of Kansas. The building remained as the seat of the legislature for five days from July 2–6, 1855, then moved nearer Missouri to the Shawnee Methodist Mission.

The last legislative act of the Territorial Legislature was the approval of the charter for the College of the Sisters of Bethany. This was February 2, 1861—four days after James Buchanan signed the act of Congress that officially brought Kansas into the Union.

James H. Lane joined the Free-State movement in 1855 and became president the Topeka Constitutional Convention from October 23 to November 11, 1855. He was later a leader of "Jayhawkers". The first Free-state mass-meeting was in Lawrence on the evening of June 8, 1855. Missourians were charged with voter fraud, ballot-box stuffing, and the "Bogus Legislature" which does not represent the legal voters of this Territory.

It was claimed that some Missourians had used violence toward the persons and property of the inhabitants of the Kansas Territory. It was agreed that Kansas should be a free State. Also that Missourians in the late Kansas election were a gross outrage on the elective franchise and rights of freemen. They were also charged with violating popular sovereignty. Those attending did not feel bound to obey any laws made by the illegitimate legislature.

The violent period following the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act is called Bleeding Kansas. Pro-slavery Missourians rushed in to claim land and push for the state to become a slave state. Free-Staters and abolitionists poured into Kansas from New England, Ohio, Iowa, and other midwestern states. In a short time they outnumbered the pro-slavery faction. However, when elections were held in Kansas Territory, bands of armed Ruffians seized polling places. They prevented Free-State men from voting, and they cast illegal votes. There was violence on both sides. Border Ruffians also engaged in general violence against Free-State settlements. They burned farms and sometimes murdered Free-State men. Ruffians twice attacked Lawrence, Kansas, the Free-State capital. On 1 December 1855, a small army of mainly Border Ruffians laid siege to Lawrence, but were driven off. (This was the nearly bloodless climax to the "Wakarusa War".) On 21 May 1856, an even larger force of Border Ruffians and pro-slavery Kansans captured Lawrence, which they sacked. In retaliation, John Brown and 7 followers committed the Pottawatomie massacre. In this incident, Brown and his followers dragged five unarmedmen and boys from their houses and murdered with swords, guns and knives. This only increased the violence leading to the Battle of Osawatomie where the abolitionists of Osawatomie were attacked and the town burned.

Gelterfingen

Gelterfingen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Gelterfingen, Mühledorf and Noflen merged into the municipality of Kirchdorf.

Gerzensee

Gerzensee is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The town is named after its lake: Gerzensee.


Realp

Realp is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Golaten

Golaten was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the former municipality of Golaten merged into the municipality of Kallnach.

Gondiswil

Gondiswil (Dialect: "Gumiswil") is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Schattdorf

Schattdorf is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. Around 5,000 people live in Schattdorf. It has an area of .

Seedorf, Uri

Seedorf is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. Around 1,500 people live in Seedorf, Uri. It has an area of . On 1 January 2021, Bauen became a part of Seedorf.


Seelisberg

Seelisberg is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Club de Regatas Vasco da Gama

Club de Regatas Vasco da Gama also known as Vasco da Gama or simply Vasco, is a Brazilian professional sports club based in Rio de Janeiro, in the neighborhood of São Cristovão. Although it competes in a number of different sports, Vasco is mostly known for its football team.


LDU Quito

Liga Deportiva Universitaria de Quito (also called Liga de Quito or just Liga) is an Ecuadorian association football club based in Quito, Ecuador. The team currently play in the Ecuadorian Serie A and was founded on 11 January 1930. LDU Quito is one of the most successful Ecuadorian teams, winning 9 regional titles, 12 national titles, and 5 international titles. They were runners-up in the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup as well.


Central Italy

Central Italy ( or just ) is one of the five official statistical regions of Italy used by the National Institute of Statistics (ISTAT), a NUTS1 level region.

Central Italy borders to the northwest with Liguria (Northwest Italy); to the northeast with San Marino and Emilia-Romagna (Northeast Italy); to the south with Abruzzo, Molise and Campania (South Italy).

The Adriatic Sea is to the east and the Tyrrhenian Sea and the Ligurian Sea to the west.

The Apennines are mountain ranges that go across Central Italy. The highest point, in the region, is Monte Vettore () that is high. The main rivers are the Arno and Tiber rivers. The largest lakes are Trasimeno, Bolsena and Bracciano.

Central Italy encompasses four of the 20 regions of Italy, including 41 provinces and 985 comuniː

As geographical region, however, Central Italy also includes the regions of Abruzzo and Molise, which are usually part of Southern Italy for historical reasonsː both were part of the southern Kingdom of the Two Sicilies

The "comuni" with more than 100,000 persons living in them areː


Chinese Super League

The Chinese Football Association Super League (Chinese: "中国足球协会超级联赛"; Pinyin: "Zhōngguó Zúqiú Xiéhuì Chāojí Liánsài"; usually called Chinese Super League ("中超联赛") or CSL; and known as Ping An Chinese Football Association Super League for sponsorship reasons) is the highest tier of professional association football in China. It is controlled by the Chinese Football Association.

The league was created in 2004 and replaced the "Chinese Football Association Jia-A League".

Currently, 16 teams play in the league. The Chinese Super League has been won by 7 teams: Shanghai Shenhua, Shenzhen Jianlibao, Dalian Shide, Shandong Luneng, Changchun Yatai, Beijing Guoan, and Guangzhou Evergrande.

In 1994, the Chinese Jia-A League became the country's first professional football league. People in the Chinese Football Association began to talk about creating a new league in late-2000. In 2002, the CFA made a decision to establish the Chinese Super League, which started in 2004.

The following table shows who won the league and when.


Queen Ratna of Nepal

Ratna Rajya Lakshmi Devi Shah (born 19 August 1928) was Queen consort of Nepal from 1955 to 1972 and Queen Mother from 1972 to 2008 when the royal family were removed of all titles and privileges.

She is the second wife of King Mahendra of Nepal (1920–1972). Queen Ratna belongs to the aristocratic Rana family. She is the daughter of late Honorary General Hari Shamsher Jang Bahadur Rana and his wife, Megha Kumari Rajya Lakshmi.


Jo Cox

Helen Joanne "Jo" Cox (née Leadbeater; 22 June 1974 – 16 June 2016) was an English UK Labour Party politician. She was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Batley and Spen from her election in May 2015 until her assassination in June 2016. She won the seat with an increased majority for Labour in the 2015 general election. She also worked at humanitarian organisation Oxfam.

On 16 June 2016, Cox was shot and stabbed many times in Birstall, where she had been holding a small meeting with her constituents. Cox was left in critical condition and she died from her injuries about an hour later at the age of 41. A 52-year-old man was arrested after the attack.

Adolph Cornelis van Bruggen

Adolph Cornelis 'Dolf' van Bruggen (9 July 1929 – 3 June 2016) was a Dutch malacologist, entomologist and botanist. His works were about the tropics and tropical Africa. His career lasted over 50 years. He was an expert especially in the land snail families Streptaxidae, Achatinidae and Maizaniidae. As of 2008, he had written some 655 scientific publications.


Gil Bartosh

Gilbert C. Bartosh, Sr. (May 21, 1930 – June 4, 2016) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) from 1974 to 1975, with a record of 6–28.

He was born in Granger, Texas. He died in Liberty Hill, Texas, aged 86.

Villefranche-d'Albigeois

Villefranche-d'Albigeois is a commune in the Tarn department of France.


Sulabha Deshpande

Sulabha (or Sulbha) Deshpande (; 1937 – 4 June 2016) was an Indian movie, theatre and television actress and theatre director. She was known for her roles in "Bhumika" (1977), "Arvind Desai Ki Ajeeb Dastaan" (1978) and "Gaman" (1978).

Deshpande died on 4 June 2016 from a long-illness in Mumbai at the age of 78 or 79.


Villefranche

Villefranche may refer to:


Antti Hyry

Antti Kalevi Hyry (20 October 1931 – 4 June 2016) was a Finnish writer. He won the Eino Leino Prize in 2005. For his 2009 book "Uuni" ("Oven"), Hyry won the Finlandia Prize, Finland's premier prize for literature.

Hyry was born in Kuivaniemi. He is married to Maija Hyry. He died in Espoo, aged 84.

Lois Duncan

Lois Duncan Steinmetz (April 28, 1934 – June 15, 2016), known as Lois Duncan, was an American writer of children's books. She was best known for young-adult novels of suspense. She wrote two early novels under the pen name Lois Kerry.

Duncan won the 1992 Margaret Edwards Award from the American Library Association for her contribution in writing for teens.

On June 15, 2016, at the age of 82, Duncan died at home in South Sarasota, Florida from complications of a stroke.

Iron ore

Iron ores are rocks and minerals from which metallic iron can be got. 

Ores with high quantities of hematite or magnetite (more than about 60% iron) are known as "natural ore" or "direct shipping ore". They can be fed directly into iron-making blast furnaces.

Iron (Fe) is one of the most abundant rock-forming elements. It makes up about 5% of the Earth's crust. It is the second most abundant and widely distributed metal (Aluminium is the most common). People have used it for more than 3,000 years. However, its use only became widespread in the 14th century, when smelting furnaces (the forerunner of blast furnaces) began to replace forges.

Iron is made in the runaway fusion and explosion of type Ia supernovae. It was picked up as the Sun moved through areas where supernovae had exploded. All higher elements on Earth have this origin.

Iron is abundant on the ancient continents, but not so on island chains formed by volcanoes (Japan, Hawaii). That reflects the difference between the continental crust (which has many rare and common elements), and the island chains formed by volcanism (oceanic islands). They have basalt, and very little else. Islands which were once part of a supercontinent usually carry heavy element ore. The classic example is the British Isles, which are a snapped-off part of the large ancient continent, the Old Red Sandstone Continent (Larussia). Consequently, the British Isles has a very wide range of metallic ores, whereas Hawaii and the Japanese archopelago do not.

The main source of ore for the steel used in modern Japan comes from Western Australia.

The ores are usually rich in iron oxides and vary in colour from dark grey, bright yellow, deep purple, to rusty red. 


Beijing Guoan F.C.

Beijing Guoan F.C. (Chinese: 北京国安; Pinyin: "Běijīng Guó'ān") is a Chinese professional association football club based in the Chaoyang District of Beijing, China. The club currently plays in the Chinese Super League. Beijing Guoan also plays in the Workers' Stadium (which has a capacity of 66,161 people).

The club was formed professionally on 29 December 1992 as the Beijing Football Club, and they have won many titles since.

All-time honours list including semi-professional Beijing period.




Shandong Taishan F.C.

Shandong Luneng Taishan Football Club (Chinese: 山东鲁能泰山;Traditional Chinese: 山東魯能泰山; Pinyin: "Shāndōng Lǔnéng Tàishān") is a Chinese professional association football club based in Jinan, Shandong, China. The club currently plays in the Chinese Super League. Shandong Luneng Taishan also plays in the Jinan Olympic Sports Center Stadium (which has a seating capacity of 56,808 people).

The club was formed professionally on 2 December 1993 and was previously called the Shandong Provincial team. The club has since won many domestic titles.




2015 Chinese Super League

The 2015 Ping An Chinese Football Association Super League (Chinese: 2015中国平安中国足球协会超级联赛) was the 12th Chinese Super League season and was won by Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao.

Below shows the results of the tournament.

Graben, Switzerland

Graben, Switzerland is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Baumgarten, Burach, Gsoll, Hubel, Kleinholz, Schörlishäusern, Schwendi and Stadönz.


Grafenried, Switzerland

Grafenried was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Grafenried, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Limpach, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Haute-Ajoie

Haute-Ajoie is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Chevenez, Damvant, Réclère and Roche-d'Or merged into the new municipality of Haute-Ajoie. On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Rocourt merged into the municipality of Haute-Ajoie.


Silenen

Silenen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .

Amsteg, Bristen, Dägerlohn, Dörfli, Maderanerthal, Ried and Rusli.


Sisikon

Sisikon is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .Sisikon, the gateway to Canton Uri, lies on the delta of the Riemenstalderbach stream on the eastern shore of the Urnersee, the southernmost arm of the Vierwaldstättersee. 


Spiringen

Spiringen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Unterschächen

Unterschächen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It is in the upper Schächental. It has an area of .
Urigen, Schwanden, Schwandenbergen, Brunni and Klausenpass.


Wassen

Wassen is a municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. It has an area of .


Cyrus K. Holliday

Cyrus Kurtz Holliday (April 3, 1826 – March 29, 1900) was a prominent Kansas businessman who was part of the free-state movement during the period called Bleeding Kansas. Holliday was one of the founders of the city of Topeka, Kansas and was its first president. He was also the founder of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. He served in the Kansas Senate. Holliday was president of the Merchants National Bank and also the Excelsior Coke and Gas Company, both of Topeka. In 1890, he was the president of the Kansas State Historical Society. In 2012, Holliday was inducted into the Kansas State Hall of Fame.

Holliday was born near Carlisle, Pennsylvania on April 3, 1826. His parents were David and Mary (Kennedy) Holliday. Holliday attended public school and in 1852 graduated from Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania. He intended to become a lawyer but instead became a businessman. Holliday made a considerable profit of $20,000 in a short-line railroad in Pennsylvania.

In 1854, when Kansas Territory was opened up for settlement, he became one of the first settlers. His wife, Mary Dillon Jones, remained behind in Pennsylvania until after the birth of their two children, Lillie and Charles. Holliday settled first at Lawrence, Kansas and became active in the Free State movement. Believing Kansas would become a free state, he and several business associates decided to establish the town of Topeka as the capital of the new state of Kansas. He was Topeka's delegate to the Wyandotte Constitutional Convention in July 1859. That same year he was elected to the first of several terms as mayor of Topeka. He helped found the Kansas Republican Party. Holliday was a member of both the territorial and state legislatures.

He obtained a charter for a new railroad to run from Atchison, Kansas to the state capital at Topeka in 1859. In 1863, Holliday decided to extend the railroad along the route of the Santa Fe Trail to Santa Fe, New Mexico. Once there he intended it to go all the way to the Pacific Ocean in California. The name of the railroad was changed to the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Company (AT&SF). A severe drought followed by the Civil War starting in 1861 prevented the railroad from making much progress. The line was completed through Kansas by December 1872. By 1880, the line was completed to Santa Fe. The railroad experienced hardships in 1893 and almost had to declare bankruptcy. Holliday was able to refinance and reorganize the railroad. He remained president of AT&SF until his death on March 31, 1900.

In 1855, he supervised a regiment of Free-Staters in the Wakarusa War during the violent period known as Bleeding Kansas. For this he was given the honorary title of colonel which he used for the rest of his life. During the Civil War he served as the adjutant general of Kansas.


Jerry Cantrell

Jerry Fulton Cantrell Jr. (born March 18, 1966) is an American singer. He is best known as the lead guitarist of the rock band Alice in Chains. He was born in Tacoma, Washington.

Grandval, Switzerland

Grandval is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Sean Kinney

Sean Howard Kinney (born May 27, 1966) is an American musician. He is best known as the drummer of the rock band Alice in Chains. He was born in Renton, Washington.

Alvaschein

Alvaschein () is a former municipality of the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Alvaschein, Alvaneu, Brienz/Brinzauls, Mon, Stierva, Surava and Tiefencastel merged into the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.


Andeer

Andeer () is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
On 1 January 2009 the former municipalities of Clugin and Pignia merged into the municipality of Andeer.


Grossaffoltern

Grossaffoltern is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Ammerzwil, Kaltenbrunnen, Kosthofen, Ottiswil, Suberg, Vorimholz and Weingarten.


This Is What You Came For

"This Is What You Came For" is a song written and produced by Scottish DJ Calvin Harris. It features Rihanna. The song was released on May 1, 2016, via digital outlets. The song has reached number one in Canada and Australia, number two in the United Kingdom, and the top five in the United States. In the U.S., "This Is What You Came For" entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart at number nine. It later reached number three there and was certified triple-Platinum by the RIAA. The song is Rihanna's 28th top-ten song in the U.S. The song reached number 17 on the year-end Hot 100 of 2016 in the US.

Harris' ex-girlfriend, American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, co-wrote the song under the name Nils Sjöberg. BMI, which publishes a list of songwriting credits, changed the name to Swift's real name.

The music video for the song was released at midnight (Eastern daylight time) on June 17, 2016. It shows Rihanna wearing a black ponytail and a large gray sweater. She dances inside of a white cube with changing backgrounds. The scenes of fields are similar to those that are in the music video for "We Found Love", which is also a collaboration between Rihanna and Harris. Some critics viewed the changing colors and cube background to be similar to the music video for Canadian rapper Drake's 2015 single "Hotline Bling".

The music video won the award for Best Male Video at the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards on August 28, 2016.

Grosshöchstetten

Grosshöchstetten is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipality of Schlosswil merged into the municipality of Grosshöchstetten.

Gsteig bei Gstaad

Gsteig bei Gstaad is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Hotel for Dogs

Hotel for Dogs (1971) is a children's novel by Lois Duncan. It was made into a movie of the same name by Nickelodeon Movies for DreamWorks Pictures. When the book was originally released in 1971, Andi's name was Liz, and Friday's name was Sadie. The book was re-released December 1, 2008, to promote the movie with the names changed.

Two sequels were released: "News for Dogs" in 2009 and "Movie for Dogs" in 2010.

Exothermic reaction

An exothermic reaction is a chemical reaction where the substances reacting release energy as heat. An example of this is combustion. Exothermic reactions transfer energy to the surroundings. The reaction that does the opposite (it absorbs heat) is an endothermic reaction.

The energy is usually transferred as heat energy, causing the reaction mixture and its surroundings to become hotter. The temperature increase can be detected using a thermometer, and the thermal energy by a calorimeter. Some examples of exothermic reactions are: 


Endothermic reaction

An endothermic reaction is a chemical reaction that takes in energy from the surroundings. The opposite of an endothermic reaction is an exothermic reaction. Reversible reactions are where the products can react to remake the original reactants. The energy is usually transferred as heat energy: the reaction absorbs heat. The temperature decrease can sometimes be detected using a thermometer. Some examples of endothermic reactions are:


Banana split

A banana split is a type of dessert. It is made with ice cream, sliced bananas, and usually toppings. The toppings often include flavored sauces, whipped cream, nuts, and most notably a cherry on top of the dessert.

One banana split has 893 calories.

There are a few different stories about the first banana split. People in Chicago, Illinois; Cincinnati, Ohio; and Wilmington, Ohio say that the first banana split was made in their city. However, most people say that David "Doc" Strickler made the first banana split in the city of Latrobe, Pennsylvania in 1904. He sold the first banana splits for ten cents. Many students at St. Vincent College, a school in Latrobe, liked the banana splits and told their friends in other cities about them. After a few years, the banana split was popular in many cities in the United States. 

List of comuni of the Province of Ancona

The following is a list of the 47 "comuni" of the Province of Ancona, Marche, in Italy.

Hawthorn Football Club

Hawthorn Football Club, known as the "Hawks", is a team in the Australian Football League. They won four premierships in 2008, 2013, 2014 and 2015. Their home ground is the Melbourne Cricket Ground. The coach Alastair Clarkson, is a former student at Ballarat and Clarendon College.

<poem>
"We're a happy team at Hawthorn"
"We're the Mighty Fighting Hawks."
"We love our club and we play to win,"
"Riding the bumps with a grin at Hawthorn."
"Come what may, you'll find us striving"
"Team work is the thing that talks,"
"One for all and all for one"
"Is the way we play at Hawthorn."
"We are the Mighty Fighting Hawks."
</poem>

Andiast

Andiast was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Andiast and Waltensburg/Vuorz merged into the municipality of Breil/Brigels.


Ardez

Ardez () is a former municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Ardez, Ftan, Guarda, Sent and Tarasp merged into the municipality of Scuol.


Arosa

Arosa is a municipality and a ski resort in the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Calfreisen, Castiel, Langwies, Lüen, Molinis, Peist and St. Peter-Pagig merged into the municipality of Arosa.


Gsteigwiler

Gsteigwiler is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Guggisberg

Guggisberg (Bernese German: "Guggishbärg" []) is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Arvigo

Arvigo was a municipality in the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Arvigo, Braggio, Cauco and Selma merged into the new municipality of Calanca.

Eli Thayer

Eli Thayer (June 11, 1819 – April 15, 1899) was an educator, reformer, legislator and founder of the New England Emigrant Aid Company. He was instrumental in the politics of Kansas during the period known as Bleeding Kansas. When Congress passed the Kansas–Nebraska Act in 1854, the question of whether Kansas would become a slave-state or free state was left to the voters of Kansas. pro-slavery supporters, abolitionists and free-staters all rushed to settle in the Kansas Territory. All were trying to gain power so as to determine the status of slavery in Kansas. Thayer is best known for his work in the New England Emigrant Aid Company. Their purpose was to rush as many Free-Staters as possible to settle in Kansas. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1857 to 1861. After serving in Congress Thayer became a businessman. Thayer died in Worcester, Massachusetts on April 15, 1899.

Thayer was born in Mendon, Massachusetts on June 11, 1819. He attended the local public school, then Bellingham High School. He attended the Academy of Amherst and in 1840 graduated from Worcester Academy. In 1845 he graduated from Brown University as salutatorian. Thayer returned to his college preparatory school, Worcester Academy, to teach.

He was soon promoted to headmaster. From 1847 through 1849, Thayer was the principal of the academy. In 1849 he left Worcester Academy to found a women's college, Oread College (now Oread Institute).

Thayer had been admitted to the Massachusetts Bar Association, but never practiced law. He was an alderman in Worcester from 1852 to 1853. He was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1853 and 1854. While there he devised and obtained a charter for the New England Emigrant Aid Company. The purpose of the company was to finance people from New England to settle in Kansas. Under the popular sovereignty doctrine they could vote it free of slavery if and when it became a state. Thayer received a percentage of all the money collected by the company.

Thayer was elected as a Republican to the U.S. House of Representatives where he served two terms (March 4, 1857-March 3, 1861). He was an unsuccessful candidate for election to Congress in 1872.

Thayer and his New England Emigrant Aid Company played a key role in the border war on the Kansas-Missouri border that became known as Bleeding Kansas. The term was coined by Horace Greeley of the "New York Tribune". It described the violence happening in the Kansas territory during the mid to late 1850s.

The Missouri Compromise of 1820 was an agreement that slavery to be banned from the Louisiana Territory north of the parallel 36 degrees 30' north (also known as the Missouri Compromise Line), except within the boundaries of the proposed state of Missouri. It admitted Missouri as a slave state to please the South and it also admitted Maine as a free state to please the North. When the Kansas-Nebraska Act was passed in 1854, it reversed the Missouri Compromise and caused a wave of resentment in the North. Northerners believed it would cause Missourians to cross the border into the Kansas Territory and take all the good land leaving nothing for northern settlers. Northerners were pessimistic about the slavery issue. The President, his Cabinet, both Houses of Congress and the Supreme Court of the United States were all pro-slavery. It was considered almost certain that slavery would dominate the United States.

Thayer promoted the idea of “business antislavery”. The idea behind Thayer's Emigrant Aid Company was to level the playing field with the southern pro-slavery advocates. The company was chartered under the laws of Massachusetts for the purpose of "assisting emigrants to settle in the West." Thayer's idea worked to both settle New Englanders in Kansas to prevent slavery and to remove the surplus of New Englanders and Immigrants. The plan was for settlers to start new businesses that would profit the company. The towns of Lawrence, Topeka, Manhattan and Osawatomie, Kansas were all settled by or with help from the Emigrant Aid Company. Thayer realized there was more money available in the North than in the South. By forming the Company he felt settlers would be well rewarded with the "comforts of civilization". The company would be well rewarded with a good dividend on their investments. It was a win-win situation. He thought once Kansas was free, their attentions could be turned south and colonize it in a similar manner. By investing in the Company it would be the "snort of the steam engine instead of the crack of the blacksnake (whip)". Thayer's slogan became "Saw-mills and Liberty!" and was widely proclaimed in the New England press. Between 1854 and 1856, Thayer's Company sent about 2,000 emigrants to Kansas Territory. By May 1857 many members of the Company felt it had reached its goals in Kansas. Thayer began other projects. He helped found the free labor colony of Ceredo, Virginia (now West Virginia). But after John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry many investors and potential settlers were scared away. The outbreak of the Civil War ended the project.

In the North, Thayer was credited with helping to make Kansas a slave-free state. He was also called a villain by others for having caused the bloodshed and violence that followed sending immigrants to Kansas. In the South, the company was often called "Eli Thayer & Co.," and a price was placed on Thayer's head in more than one place. In Missouri and the South, Thayer was charged with the "crime" of making Kansas a free state. In 1887, Thayer wrote a book "A History of the Kansas Crusade: Its Friends and Its Foes" where he claimed a good deal of the credit for Kansas becoming free of slavery.


Gündlischwand

Gündlischwand is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Breggia, Switzerland

Breggia is a new municipality of the district Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 25 October 2009 when the former municipalities of Bruzella, Cabbio, Caneggio, Morbio Superiore, Muggio and Sagno merged to form the new municipality of Breggia.


Cugnasco-Gerra

Cugnasco-Gerra is a municipality of the district Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008, the former municipalities of Cugnasco and Gerra (Verzasca) merged into the new municipality of Cugnasco-Gerra.


The Sweet Escape (song)

"The Sweet Escape" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani. It is from her second studio album of the same name. It was written by Stefani, Akon, and Giorgio Tuinfort. Akon was featured on the song and also produced and created the songs beat. As both Stefani and Akon wrote the song, Stefani was surprised how the song ended up as it was a doo-wop song and not a hip hop song.


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Sweet Escape".


Masada

Masada (in Hebrew: מצדה - metsada means: fortress) is an archaeological site, and a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Masada is an ancient fortification in the Southern District of Israel. It is on top of an isolated rock plateau, like a mesa. The rock is on the east of the Judaean Desert, and overlooks the Dead Sea.

Herod the Great fortified Masada between 37 and 31 BC, and built palaces for himself on the mountain. 

According to Josephus, the Sicarii, a splinter group of the Hebrew Zealots, held out against a Roman legion here. This was the Siege of Masada at the end of the First Jewish–Roman War. The seige ended in the mass suicide of 960 people – the rebels and their families.

The hill is 63 meters above the sea level and 450 above the dead sea level near Mount Elazar. 


Cave of the Patriarchs

The Cave of the Patriarchs, also called the Cave of Machpelah (Hebrew: מערת המכפלה, " ", trans. "cave of the double tombs") and known by Muslims as the Sanctuary of Abraham or the Ibrahimi Mosque (, "") is an archaeological site in Hebron, Israel. According to the Jewish tradition it is the site of the graves of Abraham and Sarah, Isaac and Rebecca, Jacob and Leah. These graves have been buried under a church built in the Byzantine Period in Israel, and which is now used as a mosque.


Dongio

Dongio is a village and former municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

In 2004 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Castro, Corzoneso, Largario, Leontica, Lottigna, Marolta, Ponto Valentino and Prugiasco to form a new and larger municipality of Acquarossa.

Leontica

Leontica is a village and municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

In 2004 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Castro, Corzoneso, Dongio, Largario, Lottigna, Marolta, Ponto Valentino and Prugiasco to form a new and larger municipality of Acquarossa.

Fusio

Fusio is a village and former municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

In 2004 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Broglio, Brontallo, Menzonio, Peccia and Prato-Sornico to form a new and larger municipality of Lavizzara.

Pottawatomie massacre

The Pottawatomie massacre happened on the night of May 24, 1856. John Brown and a number of volunteer Free-Staters attacked and murdered five men in a small settlement on the Pottawatomie Creek near Osawatomie, Kansas. The killings were particularly brutal. One by one, settlers were dragged from their homes and hacked to death with broadswords and shot. The victims were pro-slavery, but were not slave owners themselves. The murders were in response to pro-slavery Missouri Border Ruffians who burned and looted Lawrence, Kansas three days earlier. It happened just two days after the Caning of Charles Sumner, the Senator from Massachusetts on the floor of the United States Senate. The Pottawatomie massacre was one of the many bloody episodes in Kansas preceding the American Civil War. It marked the beginning of the period called Bleeding Kansas. 

In 1854, the Missouri Compromise, which had restricted the expansion of Slavery in the United States, was done away with by the Kansas–Nebraska Act. Based on the doctrine of popular sovereignty, the federal government allowed the issue of slavery to be decided by those settling the Kansas Territory. By popular vote the people who lived there would decide whether Kansas would become a "slave-state" or be a "free-state" (free of slavery). Pro-slavery Missourians, Free-Staters and abolitionists all poured into Kansas. Soon, the different sides held their own elections and set up two opposing territorial governments. In May 1856, a drunken mob of pro-slavers sacked the town of Lawrence. Brown was enraged at this and wanted vengeance.

Brown was a deeply religious man who spoke his mind. As an abolitionist he found slavery in any form to be immoral. He fathered 20 children and with his wife moved to Kansas Territory to wage a war against slavery. He arrived on October 7, 1855, to help several of his sons who were already there to set up land claims. Along the way he got funds from other abolitionists and bought a large number of guns and swords for the fight he was sure would come. He had spoken out before against the Southern plantations and had called for the execution of slave catchers. Kansas, he thought, would be the perfect place to put his words into action.

When the town of Lawrence was sacked, Brown became extremely angry. He could not understand why the people of Lawrence had not decided to fight. He decided he and his followers would avenge the sack of Lawrence. 

On the night of May 24th, 1856, Brown set out with seven others to the pro-slavery town of Pottawatomie Creek. They were armed with swords and rifles. One by one the victims were dragged out their beds and murdered by Brown and his followers. They attacked three different farm houses. 

James Doyle and two sons were dragged outside their house and hacked to death. Mrs. Doyle, her daughter and a 14-year old son were not killed. They next went to Alan Wilkinson's farm where he was taken "prisoner". His sick wife and two children begged Brown not to kill him. Brown's men took his rifle and two saddles, but let Wilkinson live. James Harris owned the third house Brown visited that night. Haris, his wife and young child plus three other men were living there. Brown's men killed one man, William Sherman, then took their weapons, a saddle and one horse. Brown's followers included four of his sons who all later claimed that Brown himself did not actually murder anyone. But he was the leader and he made all the decisions of who would live and who would die. They washed the blood from their hands and their swords in the creek, then went home. None of the killers were ever prosecuted for the crime. 

After the massacre, pro-slavery forces launched a manhunt for Brown. They destroyed the Browns' property and Brown's son Frederick was shot and killed. Brown escaped Kansas and fled north. Together, the sack of Lawrence and the Pottawatomie massacre started a civil war in Kansas. Brown gained national attention and fame among abolitionists. He was able to gather men and arms for another "secret mission"; John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry.

In November 1859, as Brown was waiting to be executed for his raid on Harpers Ferry, he received a letter. It was from Mahala Doyle, whose husband and two sons Brown killed:

Gurbrü

Gurbrü () is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Arch, Switzerland

Arch is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Nablus

Nablus ( ' , ', Biblical "Shechem" "Škem", Νeapolis) is a Palestinian city in the Samaria Mountains, in a Valley between "Mount Ebal (the mount of the blessing) in the south and "Mount Gerizim (the mount of the curse)" in the north. Nablus was the first Jewish city in the world and Joseph the son of Jacob was barried in the eastern side of the city. according to the Jewish tradition the city of Nablus was the first jewish City in the world.

a small comunity of Samaritan is living in the south of the city in a neighbourhood called: "Kiryat Luza" next to Mount Gerizim.


Purification

Purification is the process of rendering something pure. For example, clean of foreign elements and/or pollution. It may refer to:

The Museum of Philistine Culture

The Corinne Mamane Museum of Philistine Culture () is an archaeological museum in Ashdod, Israel. It explores the culture of the Philistines that lived in the area of the city. The museum is the only museum in the world dedicated to the Philistines culture. It was the first museum that opened in Ashdod in 1990.

Corinne Mamane was a Jewish student born in Casablanca in Morocco. She was killed in 1984 in a car accident in France during her university studies.

The museum has 3 floors. The first is an exhibition of the Philistines culture. The second is for changing exhibitions. The third floor is dedicated to the "Philistines Kitchen" by exploring the food culture of the Aegean sea.


Abrahams Well International Visitors Center

The Abraham's Well International Visitors Center is an archaeological museum and convention center in Beer Sheva, Israel. It was opened in 2013 on the site of Abraham's Well. The center is near the Old city of Beer Sheva and Nahal Beer Sheva on the road to Eilat. The well was discovered in the 19th century by Edward Robinson and Henry Baker Tristram. In 1897, a Beduin sheikh built an Arabian structure above the well to take over the place. In the Ottoman Period, a Bustan was grown next to the well. According to the Jewish Bible, in the place of the well Abraham signed a peace agreement with Abimelech, the king of the Philistines.

https://www.facebook.com/pg/AbrahamswellBR7/about/?ref=page_internal (May appear in Hebrew only)


Esino

The Esino () is a river in the Marche region of central Italy. It is one of the most important rivers in the region because the size of its drainage basin.

There is another river, but smaller, in the Province of Lecco, Lombardy.

The Esino river has a length of about and a drainage basin with an area of .

The source of the Esino is in the sides of the "Monte Caffagio", comune of Esanatoglia (province of Macerata) near the border with the province of Ancona, at an altitude of about .

The river flows east past Esanatoglia and curves north by Matelica before crossing the border into the province of Ancona near Cerreto d'Esi. The river continues flowing north before curving northeast near Genga. It then flows near Serra San Quirico, Maiolati Spontini, Castelplanio, Castelbellino, Jesi, Chiaravalle and Montemarciano.

Finally, it flows into the Adriatic Sea in the "Fiumesino" near Falconara Marittima.

Its drainage basin is mainly in the province of Ancona but it also covers part of the province of Macerata and a small part of the province of Perugia (Umbria).

The main tributaries of Ensino river areː


Data corruption

Data corruption is errors in computer data that happens while the computer is reading, writing, storing, transmitting or processing the data. Such errors introduce unintended changes to the original data. 

If data corruption happens in a file, unexpected results will happen when accessed by the system or an application; such results may range from a minor loss of data to a system crash. For example, if a Microsoft Word file is corrupted, when a person tries to open that file with Microsoft Word, they may get an error message. That means that person will get either a file that cannot be opened or a file with a minor loss of data.

One of the ways this can happen is if a power shortage happens while saving the document, the computer cannot power down properly and the file becomes corrupted. 

Hackers can also corrupt data, be it accidentally or on purpose. 

Anton Yelchin

Anton Viktorovich Yelchin (; March 11, 1989 – June 19, 2016) was a Soviet-born American movie, television and voice actor.

Yelchin was born in Leningrad, present-day Saint Petersburg, Russia, which was then the Soviet Union. His family was Jewish. His family moved to Tarzana, California as refugees. He studied at Sherman Oaks Center for Enriched Studies and at the University of Southern California.

His career began in 2000. He was in the movies "Along Came a Spider" and "Hearts in Atlantis" (both 2001). His role as Jacob Clarke in the Steven Spielberg miniseries "Taken" was his most famous role as a child actor. 

He later appeared on the television series "Huff" and starred in the movies "Terminator Salvation" (2009), "Charlie Bartlett" (2007), "Fright Night" (2011), "Like Crazy" (2011), "Odd Thomas" and "Only Lovers Left Alive" (both 2013). 

Yelchin was best known for portraying Pavel Chekov in the "Star Trek" reboot series, appearing in "Star Trek" (2009), "Star Trek Into Darkness" (2013) and "Star Trek Beyond" (2016).

On June 19, 2016, Yelchin was found by friends crushed between his car and the iron security gate of his Studio City, Los Angeles home. It was described as a "freak accident". He was pronounced dead at 1:00 am at the age of 27.


Sweat lodge

The sweat lodge (also called purification ceremony or simply sweat) is a hut, typically dome-shaped and made with natural materials. It used by Native Americans for ceremonial steambaths and prayer. Sweat lodges were largely a reaction to the influences of European culture with its negative effects on Native Americans. 

There are several styles of structures used in different cultures. These include a domed or oblong hut similar to a wickiup, a permanent structure made of wood and earth, or even a simple hole dug into the ground and covered with wood. Stones are typically heated and then water poured over them to create steam. In ceremonial usage, these ritual actions are accompanied by traditional prayers and songs.

Native Americans in many regions use the sweat lodge. For example, Chumash peoples of the central coast of California build sweat lodges in coastal areas in association with habitation sites. The ancient Mesoamerican tribes of Mexico, such as the Aztec and Olmec, practiced a sweat bath ceremony known as temazcal as a religious way to make up for bad things they'd done and making themselves pure.

John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry

John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry (also known as John Brown's raid or The raid on Harpers Ferry) was an effort by white abolitionist John Brown to start an armed slave revolt in 1859. He attacked and captured the United States arsenal at Harpers Ferry, Virginia. Brown's raid, accompanied by 21 men in his party, was defeated by a platoon of U.S. Marines led by Colonel Robert E. Lee. John Brown had originally asked Harriet Tubman and Frederick Douglass, both of whom he had met in Springfield, Massachusetts, to join him in his raid. Tubman was prevented by illness. Douglass declined because he believed Brown's plan would fail.

Brown came from a staunch Calvinist and anti-slavery family. He failed at most business ventures he tried and declared bankruptcy at age 42. He attended a meeting of abolitionists in Cleveland, Ohio in 1837 that changed his life. He publicly declared he would destroy the institution of slavery. By 1848 he was already making plans to start a rebellion.

In 1856 Brown, four of his sons and three other followers killed five unarmed men and boys in retaliation for a raid by Missouri Border Ruffians on the town of Lawrence, Kansas. It was called the Pottawatomie massacre and it marked the beginning of the period called Bleeding Kansas. On August 30, 1856, Brown and about 40 men fought against about 250–300 Border Ruffians at the Battle of Osawatomie. Two years later Brown and his men raided into Missouri where they killed a planter and set 11 slaves free. They also took wagons, horses and mules.

Brown had planned to set up a base in the Blue Ridge Mountains. From there he and his followers would help runaway slaves and launch attacks on slaveholders. He described this plan to abolitionists who might fund this plan. But the plan changed. By 1858, with the money and men to proceed, a follower revealed Brown's plan. He was forced to go into hiding. After a year, Brown was ready to go again. He rented a farm in Maryland across the river from Harpers Ferry. But many of his followers had changed their minds or didn't believe the plan would work. He did have 21 men and on October 16, they set out for Harpers Ferry.

About 4 am on the morning of the 17th, Brown and his men arrived at Harpers Ferry. They cut the telegraph lines then captured the federal armory. Next they captured Hall's Rifle Works, a weapons supplier to the federal government. Then Brown and his men took 60 prominent citizens as hostages. Brown hoped slaves would join the fight but none came. Later that morning the local militia arrived and kept Brown and his men pinned down in the arsenal's engine house. Later in the afternoon, US Marines arrived commanded by Colonel Robert E. Lee. The Marines stormed the engine house killing several of Brown's men. They captured Brown. He was quickly put on trial for treason against the state of Virginia, murder and slave insurrection. Brown was sentenced to death and was hanged on December 2, 1859.

Brown quickly became the Martyr for the Abolitionist cause. Many said he accomplished more by his death than he ever did in life.

Of the US Marines at Harpers Ferry:

Ponto Valentino

Ponto Valentino is a village and former municipality in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

In 2004 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Castro, Corzoneso, Dongio, Largario, Leontica, Lottigna, Marolta and Prugiasco to form a new and larger municipality of Acquarossa.

Guttannen

Guttannen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Habkern

Habkern is a municipality of the administrative district Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Border Ruffian

Border Ruffians were pro-slavery activists from the slave-state of Missouri. From 1854 to 1860 they crossed the state border into Kansas Territory to force the acceptance of slavery there. The name was applied by Free-Staters in Kansas and abolitionists throughout the North. Armed Ruffians interfered in territorial elections, and attacked Free-State settlements. This violence was the origin of the phrase "Bleeding Kansas". The Ruffians contributed to the growing sectional tensions, and helped bring on the American Civil War.

Only a few of the Border Ruffians actually owned slaves. Most were simply too poor. What motivated them was hatred of Northerners and abolitionists. The Ruffians were driven by the rhetoric of leaders such as U.S. Senator David Rice Atchison of Missouri, who called Northerners "negro thieves" and "abolitionist tyrants." He encouraged Missourians to defend the institution of slavery "with the bayonet and with blood" and, if necessary, "to kill every God-damned abolitionist in the district."

Ironically, most of the Free-State men in Kansas were not abolitionists. They opposed the presence of either free black people or slaves. "We want no slaves and we want no Negroes" was the prevailing sentiment reported by an abolitionist in 1854. Additionally, the presence of bands of both Kansan and Missourian combatants in the area made it difficult for families on the border to remain neutral.

Kansas Territory was created by the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854. The Act repealed the Missouri Compromise of 1820. The Kansas-Nebraska Act introduced the doctrine of popular sovereignty. That meant the people of Kansas would decide on the issue of slavery. At this time, many (probably most) of the settlers in Kansas opposed slavery. However, slavery advocates were determined to have their way no matter what. When elections were held in Kansas Territory, bands of armed Ruffians seized polling places. They prevented Free-State men from voting, and they cast illegal votes. On 29 November 1854, Border Ruffians elected a pro-slavery territorial representative to Congress. On 30 March 1855, the Ruffians elected a pro-slavery legislature. Despite these measures, far more Free-State settlers moved to Kansas than pro-slavery settlers. In 1857, pro-slavery settlers in Kansas proposed the Lecompton Constitution for the future state of Kansas. The Ruffians tried to get the Lecompton Constitution adopted with additional fraud and violence. But by then there were too many Free-Staters there.

The Border Ruffians also engaged in general violence against Free-State settlements. They burned farms and sometimes murdered Free-State men. Ruffians twice attacked Lawrence, Kansas, the Free-State capital. On 1 December 1855, a small army of mainly Border Ruffians laid siege to Lawrence, but were driven off. (This was the nearly bloodless climax to the "Wakarusa War".) On 21 May 1856, an even larger force of Border Ruffians and pro-slavery Kansans captured Lawrence, which they sacked. In retaliation, John Brown and 7 followers committed the Pottawatomie massacre. In this incident, Brown and his followers dragged five unarmed men and boys from their houses and murdered them with swords, guns and knives. This started a rash of violence.

Ernesto Maceda

Ernesto Madarang Maceda (March 26, 1935 – June 20, 2016) was a Filipino columnist and a politician. He served as a Senator from 1971 to 1972 and again from 1987 to 1998. He served as Senate President from 1996 to 1998.

Maceda died of multiple organ failure at a hospital in Quezon City, Philippines on the night of June 20, 2016, aged 81.


Odometer

An odometer or odograph is an instrument that shows the distance traveled by a vehicle, such as a bicycle or automobile. It can be electronic, mechanical, or a combination of the two. The name comes from the Greek words "hodós" ("path" or "gateway") and "métron" ("measure"). It is sometimes called a mileometer or milometer.

Galícia Esporte Clube

Galícia Esporte Clube is a Brazilian football club which plays in Salvador da Bahía, Brazil.

Bahia League Championship (Campeonato Baiano)

"Champion": 1937, 1941, 1942, 1943 and 1968.

"Runner-up": 1935, 1936, 1938, 1939, 1940, 1967, 1980, 1982 and 1995.

Bahia League Championship Second Level (Campeonato Baiano Segunda Divisão)

"Champion": 1985, 1988 and 2013.

"Runner-up": 2007.

Northeast Zone of the North-Northeast Cup (Copa Norte-Nordeste)

"Runner-up": 1969.


Clash of the Titans (2010 movie)

Clash of the Titans is a 2010 American-British adventure fantasy movie. A remake of the 1981 film and directed by Louis Leterrier, it stars Sam Worthington, Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, Gemma Arterton, Mads Mikkelsen and Alexa Davalos. It was poorly received by critics, however it was a commercial success, grossing $493 million at the American box office. A sequel, Wrath of the Titans was released in 2012.

In ancient times, the Titans are defeated by their children, the gods, who subsequently divide the universe among themselves: Zeus (Liam Neeson) rules the sky, Poseidon (Danny Huston) rules the ocean and Hades (Ralph Fiennes), having been tricked by Zeus, rules the Underworld. The gods created humans, and their prayers fueled their immortality. But, as time goes by, mankind eventually questions and begins to resist the creators and annoy the Olympians.

The fisherman Spyros (Pete Postlethwaite) discovers a coffin adrift in the sea and inside, he discovers a baby, Perseus, and his mother Danaë. Spyros and his wife Marmara (Elizabeth McGovern) take him in as their own, along with their own daughter Tekla (Sinead Michael).

The adult Perseus (Sam Worthington) and his family fish from a boat. They see soldiers from Argos knocking down a statue of Zeus. Angered by this, the gods send the furies, who attack the soldiers and destroy the fishing boat. Perseus, the only survivor, is found by a group of soldiers. He is brought to the court of King Cepheus (Vincent Regan) and Queen Cassiopeia (Polly Walker), who are celebrating their campaign against the gods. The queen compares the beauty of her daughter Andromeda (Alexa Davalos) to that of Aphrodite (Agyness Deyn). The celebrations are cut short when Hades arrives. He has been sent by Zeus to punish the mortals for defying the gods. He warns that unless Andromeda is sacrificed to the Kraken, a monster that he created, he will let it destroy Argos.

Before he leaves, Hades reveals that Perseus is a demigod. He was born after Zeus impregnated Danäe, who was the wife of King Acrisius (Jason Flemyng), in revenge for rebelling against the gods. After he tried to kill his wife and illegitimate son by drowning them in a coffin, Zeus struck him with lightning, deforming him and transforming him into the monster Calibos. Perseus leads the King's Guard to a trio of hags called the Stygian Witches, looking for a way to kill the Kraken. After being betrayed by Hades, Zeus sends Perseus a sword forged on Olympus and the winged horse Pegasus. Perseus refuses them both, but Draco, captain of the king's guard, keeps the sword for when Perseus needs it.

The group are attacked by Calibos, but Draco cuts off his hand and forces him to flee. The band pursue him, but they are later attacked by a group of giant scorpions called Scorpioxs which are created from Calibos' blood. The monsters are tamed and the group are rescued by the djinn, a race of warrior sorcerers which live in the desert. They also wish for the gods' defeat and help Perseus and his friends.

The party arrive at the Stygian Witches'. They reveal that the only way to defeat the Kraken is with the head of the gorgon Medusa, who lives in the ruins of a temple at the edge of the Underworld. Her deadly gaze can turn onlookers into stone. Perseus, Io, Suleiman, Draco and the surviving members of the group enter the Underworld. The men venture into the temple, while Io, who is a woman and forbidden from entering, waits outside. Medusa kills everyone except Perseus, who, with the use of his reflective shield to look at her with his back turned, cuts off her head.

As Perseus leaves the temple, Calibos appears and stabs Io to death. As Perseus and Calibos fight, he accepts he is Zeus's son and stabs Calibos with the Olympian sword, turning him back into a human. The dying Calibos tells Perseus not to become one of the gods. With her final breath, Io tells Perseus to save the people of Argos and Andromeda. He rides back to Argos on Pegasus as the Kraken is released. The people of Argos seize Andromeda and bind her to offer her as a sacrifice to the beast. Meanwhile, Hades reveals he feeds off man's fears rather than their faith or worship as Zeus does, before then subduing his brother.

Perseus arrives at Argos and, with Medusa's severed head, turns the Kraken to stone before it can reach Andromeda. The beast crumbles into pieces and its hand falls on Prokopion (Luke Treadaway), the insane leader of Cult of Hades, and Cepheus, who was injured fighting Prokopion. The two men are crushed to death. Hades appears wanting to killing Perseus, but Perseus, calling upon Zeus, throws his sword at Hades and he is banished into the Underworld. Andromeda is rescued by Perseus and she is crowned the Queen of Argos. Perseus declines her offer to rule with her as King and he also refuses another chance at immortality from Zeus. Zeus then proclaims that if he chooses to be mortal, he should not live alone, and brings Io back to life.

Hagneck

Hagneck is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Hasle bei Burgdorf

Hasle bei Burgdorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Wakarusa War

The Wakarusa War was a skirmish that happened in Kansas Territory. It started on November 21st, and it ended on December 8th, 1885. It was part of the Bleeding Kansas violence. It happened mostly in Lawrence and the Wakarusa River Valley.

The events that led to the Wakarusa War started on November 21, 1855. A Free-Stater named Charles Dow was shot and killed by pro-slavery settler Franklin N. Coleman. The two had been involved in a land dispute at a place called Hickory Point, south of Lawrence. Four hours after the shooting the property owner, Jacob Branson, recovered Dow’s body. Abolitionists then set fire to several pro-slavery cabins. When the (pro-slavery) Douglas County Sheriff, Samuel Jones, learned about what happened at Hickory Point, he led a posse to the area to restore order. But Jones did not arrest Coleman. Instead, he arrested the property owner (and abolitionist leader) Jacob Branson. But while taking Branson to jail, an abolitionist party stopped them and freed Branson. The Sheriff then assembled about 1,500 Missouri Border Ruffians to put down what he called an insurrection. The Missourians camped along the Wakarusa River while they made plans to invade Lawrence.

Before coming to Lawrence, the bushwhackers had broken into the United States Arsenal at Liberty, Missouri, and stolen guns, swords, a cannon and ammunition. In Lawrence, John Brown and James Lane had mustered Free-State settlers into a defending army and erected barricades. No attack on Lawrence was made. It was the first time armies from Missouri and Kansas faced each other. It was demanded free-staters obey the laws and give up their weapons. But they replied they had broken no laws and had the right to bear arms. The only fatal casualty occurring during the siege was of a Free-State man named Thomas Barber. On December 6, 1855 he was shot and killed by George W. Clark, the Indian agent, on a road four miles outside of Lawrence. 


Lecompton, Kansas

Lecompton (pronounced ) is a city in Douglas County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, there were 588 people there. Lecompton had a big historical role in pre-Civil War America as the territorial capital of Kansas from 1855 to 1861. This time period was known as Bleeding Kansas.

Lecompton was founded in 1854 on a bluff on the south side of the Kansas River. At first, the city's name was "Bald Eagle", but the name was changed to Lecompton in honor of Samuel Lecompte, the chief justice of the territorial supreme court. In the spring of 1855, the town became the capital of the Kansas Territory. President James Buchanan chose a governor and officials to create government offices in Lecompton. The first post office in Lecompton was created in September 1855.

In the fall of 1857 a convention met in Constitution Hall. They drafted the famous Lecompton Constitution, which would have made Kansas become a slave state. The constitution was rejected after angry national debate and was one of the main ideas of the Lincoln-Douglas debates. The controversy added to the growing fight that became the civil war. The Lecompton Constitution failed, in part, because the antislavery people had control of the territorial legislature in the election of 1857. The new legislature met at Constitution Hall and quickly started to get rid of the pro-slavery laws.

The free-staters shortly tried to move the territorial capital to Minneola, Franklin County, Kansas through a vote, but the resulting bill was later rejected by Kansas territorial governor James W. Denver, and was made void by Jeremiah S. Black, Attorney General of the United States. As such, Lecompton remained the "de jure" territorial capital. This was until Topeka became the capital when Kansas became a state on January 29, 1861. The American Civil War began on April 12, 1861.

Lecompton is at (39.042927, -95.395039). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which, is land and is water.

The climate in this area is has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen climate classification system, Lecompton has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Lecompton is part of the Lawrence, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

In 2020, there were 588 people, 247 households, and 166 families living in Zurich. Of the households, 74.5% owned their home and 25.5% rented their home.

The median age was 40.6 years. Of the people, 86.4% were White, 2.4% were Native American, 1.2% were Black, 0.5% were Asian, 2.0% were from some other race, and 7.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.7% of the people.

Skirmisher

A skirmisher is a soldier usually sent ahead of a main body of troops to harass the enemy. Groups of skirmishers may also be placed on the flanks to prevent a surprise attack or flanking maneuver. A skirmish is a term that was first used in the 14th century. It meant a small-scale fight between two opposing forces or a preliminary battle involving troops in front of the main force. Skirmishers were those involved in the fight or battle. The word from the Old French "eskirmir" "to defend". Skirmishers were usually infantry or cavalry soldiers who formed a skirmish line ahead or next to friendly troops.

Two conflicts that involved the American colonies and the development of skirmishers were the Seven Years' War (the French and Indian War in the American colonies) and the American Revolutionary War. The main development of skirmisher tactics came from the Native American allied primarily to the English and French. Indian warriors did not usually fight in the European style of closely-packed formations of soldiers but more often fought as individuals. They used cover, ambush and lines of fighters, which would later come to be called skirmishing.

The tactics of the Napoleonic Wars called for heavy cavalry to be kept in reserve. Light cavalry were often used as skirmishers and were usually positioned on the sides of an army and served two purposes. In "skirmish order", they could be placed some distance from the main force. That way, they could warn the commander if any enemy approached from that way. The other purpose was to use their quick speed to engage the enemy and to hold them until more forces arrived. By their very presence, they discouraged the enemy from mounting a flanking attack.

During the American Civil War, infantry manuals paid a good deal of attention to skirmishing. The tactics were based on Napoleon's heavy dependence on skirmishing during the Napoleonic Wars. Paintings and images of Civil War battles show two lines of soldiers, standing shoulder to shoulder and firing at the enemy lines at short distances. However, massed formations were not frequently used during the Civil War. Skirmishes and skirmish lines were a more common tactic.

The terrain in many cases did not allow mass formations of armies but allowed skirmishers to fight in open order. The increased accuracy of rifles and rifled muskets at longer ranges made battles fought at close range unnecessary. Battles fought before at could now be fought at . Pre-war training had also changed skirmisher tactics. Instead of one company out of ten, entire regiments were now taught how to fight as skirmishers. They fought in small formations, called “comrades in battle”. That called for four men to move and fight supporting one another.

The Confederate Army actually made more effective use of skirmishers. In each brigade there was an elite battalion of sharpshooters, who were used as skirmishers.

During the Plains Indian Wars, especially after the Civil War, the US Army used companies of skirmishers ahead of the main force. The recommended distance between them was , but most commanders simply kept skirmishers within sight of one another. The skirmishers were used mainly ahead of the main force but could be used to defend the flanks or as a rearguard.

If the Indians attacked, the skirmisher company formed a defensive circle. Once the danger had passed, they returned to their original positions. Often, the entire company was not deployed as skirmishers. Some were kept in reserve to fill gaps, to get ammunition or to carry messages. 


George Brett

George Howard Brett (born May 15, 1953 in Glen Dale, West Virginia) is a retired American baseball player. He played 21 years in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Kansas City Royals. He is a member of the Baseball Hall of Fame and was inducted in 1999 with a fourth-highest voting percentage in baseball history (98.2%). Brett was a third baseman and designated hitter.

Brett won the World Series with the Kansas City Royals in 1985.

In 1994, his number (#5) was retired by the Royals. He is one of only two Royals players to have his number retired by the team (the other is Frank White).

Brett was also notorious for putting excessive amounts of pine tar on his bats, which sometimes led to confrontations and interventions with the umpires, as there is a league rule governing the use of pine tar on the bat.

He raises money for the disease ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis) or better known as Lou Gehrig's Disease.

Avers

Avers () is a municipality of the Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Bergün/Bravuogn

Bergün/Bravuogn (, , , in the local Romansh dialect Brauégn) is a former municipality in the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018 the former municipalities of Bergün/Bravuogn and Filisur merged into the new municipality of Bergün Filisur.

Bergün, Latsch, Preda and Stuls.

<br><gallery class=center caption="Bergün/Bravuogn">
Berguen von Crap Sol igl Munts.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-06-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-24-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-28-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-34-Landschaft-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-Bahn-06-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-St Peter und Florin-06-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-St Peter und Florin-12-Fresko-Engel-2006-gje.jpg
Berguen-Bravuogn-St Peter und Florin-14-Fresko-Heilige-2006-gje.jpg
</gallery>


Villa Epecuén

Villa Epecuén was a tourist village in Adolfo Alsina, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It was flooded in 1985, and was abandoned. Its ruins are on the eastern shore of the Laguna Epecuén, about north of Carhué.

Hasliberg

Hasliberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Mountain biking

Mountain biking is the sport of riding bicycles off-road. Often this is done over rough terrain. Mountain biking uses specially designed mountain bikes. Mountain bikes are similar to other bikes, but have features designed to make them stronger and hold up in rough terrain.

Mountain biking can generally be broken down into multiple categories. These include cross country, trail riding, all mountain (also referred to as "Enduro"), downhill, freeride and dirt jumping. However, the majority of mountain biking falls into the categories of trail and cross country riding styles.

This individual sport requires the rider to have endurance, core strength and balance. The rider also needs bike handling skills, and self-reliance. Advanced riders take on steep technical descents and high incline climbs. Mountain biking can be performed almost anywhere from a back yard to a gravel road, but the majority of mountain bikers ride off-road trails. Using the bike's brakes must be done carefully on a mountain bike, especially when going downhill. In order to work on rough terrain, mountain bikes have several gears from which to choose. It is recommended to use safety gear such as helmet, gloves, elbow and knee pads to avoid injuries in rough terrain. Mountain biking should be done so as to enjoy the ride but not damage the environment.


Häutligen

Häutligen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Battle of Osawatomie

The Battle of Osawatomie took place on Saturday, August 30, 1856 in the town of Osawatomie, Kansas. John Brown and about 40 men tried to defend the town against an attack by about 250–300 Border Ruffians. The Missouri ruffians were led by John W. Reid. The attack began early in the morning when Frederick Brown, son of John Brown, was shot and killed outside of the town. This alerted John Brown and others who tried to defend the town. But heavy casualties forced Brown and the other abolitionists back across the nearby river. The town was looted and burned but Brown was not pursued. This was one of many clashes between pro-slavery and free-staters during the period known as Bleeding Kansas.

In 1854, the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act began a policy known as popular sovereignty in the United States. It allowed settlers in the Kansas Territory to decide by popular vote whether Kansas would be admitted to the United States as a slave or free state. This led activists from both sides of the issue to flood into Kansas trying to influence the outcome. It led to a period of violence that continued into the Amer Civil War.

John Brown was an abolitionist who came to the Kansas Territory on October 7, 1855, to help several of his sons who were already there. He was considered an extremist by some, a martyr by others. As an abolitionist he found slavery in any form to be immoral. On the night of May 24, 1856, Brown and a few followers attacked and murdered five men in a small settlement on the Pottawatomie Creek near Manhattan, Kansas. The killings were particularly brutal. One by one, settlers were dragged from their homes and hacked to death with broadswords and shot. Up to that time there had not been much bloodshed between proslavery and free-state groups. Brown's raid brought retaliation.

In mid-august Missouri Border Ruffians had been looting and killing in the area near Osawatomie. On August 25, about 150 Missourians were camped nearby planning to take the town by surprise. They were discovered and driven away in disorder. On the night of August 29, a band of about 400 ruffians led by John William Reid approached Osawatomie. Their plan was to attack at sunrise. At about the time the attack was supposed to start, the Missourians, guided by a minister named Martin White came across two men leaving town. White recognized one as Frederick Brown, son of John Brown. White immediately shot and killed Brown. Settlers hearing the shot alerted John Brown and the people of the town. The men were gathered together to form a hasty defense of the town. At first they were going to use the blockhouse. But on learning the ruffians had cannon it was decided to position themselves in the woods across the Marais des Cygnes River. The abolitionists defended the town for a time but were eventually overpowered. They retreated and left the town for the Missourians to rob and burn. Only four buildings remained among the ruins of what had been the village of Osawatomie.

The following is an account of the battle written by John W. Reid (leading the Border Ruffians):
John Brown, about a week later, in a letter to his wife wrote:

Neot Kedumim

Neot Kedumim - the Biblical Landscape Reserve in Israel ( is a Biblical garden dedicated to the Nature of the Jewish Bible and also a nature preserve located in Ben Shemen Forest and near of the city "Modi'in" on Route 443 (Israel), between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel.


Pitch, yaw, and roll

Pitch, yaw and roll are the three dimensions of movement when an object moves through a medium. 

The terms may be used to describe an aeroplane's movements through the air. They are also applied to watercraft moving through water, and spacecraft moving through space.

There are in fact six degrees of freedom of a rigid body moving in three-dimensional space. 

As the movement along each of the three axes is independent of each other and independent of the rotation about any of these axes, the motion has six degrees of freedom (see diagram).




The surfaces of a plane and the fins of a fish have a similar function. They serve to adjust the object's attitude as it moves through the fluid. Submarines face the same dynamic control problems as fish do.

The subject is often taught under degrees of freedom (mechanics). This is the number of independent motions that are allowed to the body.

Heatwave (band)

Heatwave is an international disco and funk band. The group was formed around 1975. Its most popular lineup was Americans Johnnie Wilder, Jr and Keith Wilder for vocals, Englishman Rod Temperton for the keyboards, Jamaican Eric Johns and Briton Roy Carter for guitar.

The group had hit singles, like "Boogie Nights" and "Always and Forever".

The group broke up in 1984. However, Heatwave got back together around 1988 and resumed releasing R&B music.

In 2002 the group released an extended remix of "Boogie Nights".

On 5 October 2016, Temperton's death was announced after what was described by his music publisher as "a brief aggressive battle with cancer". Temperton had died at the age of 66 in London the previous week and his funeral had already taken place. The exact date of his death was not announced.

Keith Wilder (born Keith Edward Wilder on 20 December 1951 in Dayton, Ohio) died on 29 October 2017, at the age of 65.

Keyboardist Ernest "Bilbo" Berger died from a cardiac arrest on 1 March 2024, at the age of 73.

Someo

Someo is a village and former municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo to form a new and larger municipality of Maggia.

The municipality has 258 people in 2003. It has an area of 32.73 km².

Heiligenschwendi

Heiligenschwendi is a municipality in the administrative district of canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Marais des Cygnes massacre

The Marais des Cygnes massacre happened on May 19, 1858 near the town of Trading Post, Kansas. It was the last violent episode in the period known as Bleeding Kansas. Border Ruffians led by Charles Hamilton stopped in the small village of Trading Post in Lynn County, Kansas on their to West Point, Missouri. Hamilton had previously been driven from his land in Lynn County by free-staters and abolitionists. He came back to seek revenge. They captured eleven free-state men, all of whom Hamilton had a grudge against. The captives were marched into a nearby ravine where the Missourians opened fire on them. The story got national attention in the press. Eastern newspapers including the New York Times printed the story. Anti-slavery groups called the victims martyrs. In 1974, the site of the massacre was designated a National Historic Landmark.

In 1854, the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act began a policy known as popular sovereignty in the United States. It allowed settlers in the Kansas Territory to decide by popular vote whether Kansas would be admitted to the United States as a slave or free state. This led activists from both sides of the issue to flood into Kansas trying to influence the outcome. It led to a period of violence that continued into the American Civil War.

In Lynn County, trouble between free-state and pro-slavery settlers began in about 1856. This was when a large group of pro-slavery Southerners came through the area destroying property and capturing free-state settlers. One of those who escaped the Southerners was James Montgomery. He became the leader of the free-state settlers in the area called Jayhawkers. Various encounters between the two groups went on until 1857 when James H, Lane assembled a company of free-state men to harass the pro-slavery forces in Kansas and Western Missouri. When Lane's company disbanded, James Montgomery took over. He ordered the pro-slavery leaders out of the county. Many did leave and returned to Missouri. Charles A. Hamilton was one who left Kansas, but with bitter feelings. Hamilton called a meeting together at Papinville, Missouri to get men for an invasion of Kansas. It was decided they would eliminate the free-state settlers living in Lynn County.
Hamilton's group of exiles plus about 17 Missourians rode back into Kansas. They stopped at the village store and with guns drawn they disarmed the customers and tied their hands. Hamilton took a list from his pocket and read out the names. One by one the men on the list were taken from their cabins or fields. The village blacksmith had resisted the ruffians with a shotgun and was not taken. The eleven they did capture were led to a gulch that drained into the Marais des Cygnes River. They were lined up in the gulch as if before a firing squad. One Missourian lowered his gun saying he would "have nothing to do with such a piece of business as this". Hamilton then gave the order to fire. The eleven men fell to the ground. Then Hamilton dismounted and turned the bodies over with his boot. Any he found alive he shot in the head with his pistol. Five of the men were killed and five were seriously wounded. One escaped unharmed by pretending to be dead. Other Missourians went through the pockets of the men presumed to all be dead. Finally, they all rode out in different directions so as to make it harder to trail them.

Sarah Read, the wife of Reverend Samuel Read, one of those captured, quickly followed Hamilton's men on foot. She found the victims and gave aid to those who were still alive. Word of the massacre spread quickly and free-staters rushed to the village to help the wounded and bury the dead. Quickly Montgomery's Jayhawkers began trailing the gang but could not find them. Meanwhile Sarah Read searched all night for her husband. He had crawled off after being shot. She discovered him the next morning, still alive. Called "Preacher Read" he survived the massacre.

The atrocity got widespread attention in the North. The murders were shown as an example of organized extermination by Missourians and Southerners. The details of the murders were in every newspaper and were read in nearly every home. 

John Brown came to the village near the end of June. In 1856, Brown had led a massacre of his own, the Pottawatomie massacre, against five pro-slavery men and boys. He built a log blockhouse two stories high with a spring inside for water. The blacksmith, Eli Snider, owned the land. He later sold it to Charles C. Hadsall, a friend of Brown's. Brown and his men stayed in the fort until the end of summer. Then they left it to Hadsall to keep manned.

Hamilton was never captured. During the Civil war he served as a Colonel in the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. One, a Charles Matlock, was arrested for the crime but he later escaped. Only one was brought to justice. William Griffith was arrested in 1863, tried for murder and on October 30, 1863 was hung.

The poet and abolitionist, John Greenleaf Whittier, wrote a poem about the massacre several months later and published it in the "Atlantic Monthly": 

2003 European heat wave

The 2003 European heat wave was a natural disaster in Europe in July and August 2003. The heat led to the hottest summer on record since at least 1540. France was especially hard hit. The heat led to health crises in several countries. It combined with droughts to reduce crops in Southern Europe.

More than 70,000 people died in Europe. According to an Inserm study, nearly 19,000 people died in France. People also died in the Netherlands, Portugal and Spain.

Heimberg, Switzerland

Heimberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Heimenhausen

Heimenhausen is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee and Wanzwil merged into the municipality of Heimenhausen.

Heimiswil

Heimiswil is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland

Moghegno

Moghegno is a village and former municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo to form a new and larger municipality of Maggia.

Aurigeno

Aurigeno is a village and former municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo to form a new and larger municipality of Maggia.

Alberswil

Alberswil is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Terre di Pedemonte

Terre di Pedemonte is a municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 14 April 2013, the former municipalities of Cavigliano, Tegna and Verscio merged to form the new municipality of Terre di Pedemonte.


Blockhouse

In military science, a blockhouse is a small fortification. It usually has one or more rooms with loopholes, allowing its defenders to fire rifles or handguns in various directions. It usually refers to an isolated fort in the form of a single building. It serves as a defensive strong point against any enemy that does not possess siege equipment or, in modern times, artillery. A fortification intended to resist these weapons is more likely to qualify as a fortress or a redoubt. 

In modern times, it may be a pillbox, a small underground bunker. However, a blockhouse may also refer to a room within a larger fortification, usually a battery or redoubt. The term "blockhouse" is of uncertain origin, perhaps related to Middle Dutch "" and 18th-century French "" (blockade).

Electoral fraud

Electoral fraud, or vote rigging, is any alteration or change of the vote count in an election. Acts of fraud affect vote counts to bring about an election result. That can be by increasing the vote share of one candidate or by lowering the vote count of another. It can also be a person casting more than one vote if only one vote is permitted, which is called ballot-box stuffing. What defines electoral fraud under law varies from country to country.

Many kinds of election fraud are outlawed in specific electoral laws. Other kinds violate general laws, such as those banning assault, harassment or libel. Technically, the term "electoral fraud" covers only acts that are illegal. Generally, the term is sometimes used to describe acts that are legal but are considered morally unacceptable, outside the spirit of electoral laws, or in violation of the principles of democracy. 

In national elections, successful electoral fraud can have the effect of a coup d'état or corruption of democracy. In a narrow election, a small amount of fraud may be enough to change the result. Even if the outcome is not affected, fraud can still have a damaging effect if not punished. For example, it can reduce voters' confidence in democracy.

Even the perception of fraud can be damaging. Fraudulent elections can lead to the breakdown of democracy and to the establishment or ratification of a dictatorship.

Fraud in elections is not limited to those for public office. Elections, such as for a corporation's directors, labor union officials, or student council members are subject to similar fraud, as are sports judging, and the awarding of merit to works of art and literature.


Muhammad Azam Shah

Muhammad Azam Shah is the successor of the last Mughal emperor Aurangzeb after his death in 1707. He is also the elder son of Aurangzeb. He was at throne from 14 March 1707 to 8 June 1707.

He was born on 28 June 1653 to Aurangzeb and his first wife and chief consort Dilras Banu Begum. He was also a timurid from father's blood and a Persian Safavid by mother's blood. He was the grandson of Shah Nawaz Khan Safavi, the Safavid Emperor of Persia and father of Azam Shah's mother.

After his father Emperor Aurangzeb's death, he ruled the empire. Then a succession war took place between the three sons of Aurangzeb. Azam Shah and his son were killed in the Battle of Jajau on 8 June 1707 by his step brother Bahadur Shah I, who ruled the empire by killing his both brothers in war.

Douglas County, Kansas

Douglas County is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, there were 118,785 people living in the county. That made it the fifth-most populous county in Kansas. The city with the most people is Lawrence.

For many centuries, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Plains Indians. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly gave all the territory west of the Mississippi River to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.

In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France. But it kept about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land including the modern-day state of Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of Louisiana Purchase.

In 1854, the Kansas–Nebraska Act created the territory of Kansas. In 1855, Douglas County was established. Douglas County was opened for settlement on May 15, 1854. It was named for Stephen A. Douglas. The county was practically at the center of the Bleeding Kansas years as leaders in Lecompton, the territorial capital, wanted Kansas to be a slave state. Leaders in Lawrence wanted Kansas to be a free state. A number of events took place in Douglas County. These including the drafting of the controversial Lecompton Constitution (attempting to admit Kansas as a slave state), the sacking of Lawrence, and the Battle of Black Jack.

The first railroad in Douglas County, the Union Pacific, was built through that territory in 1864.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of this, is land and (4.0%) is water. It is the fifth-smallest county in Kansas by land area. Much of its northern border is defined by the Kansas River, which goes through Lawrence. The Bowersock Dam is one of the county's producers of hydropower.


Douglas County includes the Lawrence, Kansas United States metropolitan area.

In 2020, there were 118,785 people living in Douglas County. The people were 78.0% White, 4.5% Black or African American, 2.5% Native American, 3.9% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 2.2% from other races, and 8.8% from two or more races. 7.0% of the people were Hispanic or Latino.

There were 48,553 households. 25.2% of them had children under 18 years old; 39.8% of them had married people; 28.7% had only a woman as the main person (with no man); 33.1% were people living alone; and 9.6% were people over 65 years old living alone.

18.9% of the people were under 18 years old; 20.3% of the people were between 18 and 24 years old; 26.8% of the people were between 25 and 44 years old; 20.2% of the people were between 45 and 64 years old; 13.8% were 65 years old or older.

The Democratic Party has been dominant in Douglas County. Democrats control all County-wide offices in the county, except for the Sheriff. Douglas County is currently served by county commissioners Mike Gaughan, Nancy Thellman, and Michelle Derusseau. Gaughan and Thellman are Democrats, while Derusseau is the lone Republican on the commission.

Democratic state representatives representing portions of the county include John Wilson (10th District), Barbara Ballard (44th District), and Dennis Highberger (46th District), Mike Amyx (45th District); Republican state representatives include Jim Karleskint (42nd District) and Ken Corbet (54th District). The three state senators representing the county, Marci Francisco (2nd District), Tom Holland (3rd District), and Anthony Hensley (19th District), are all Democrats.

Douglas County has a political history similar to that of the Yankee Northeast than of the Great Plains. This can be seen from its voting history. It has the exact same voting history as that of Vermont or Cheshire County, New Hampshire (except the 1912 presidential election). This is due to the county's strong New England heritage. Douglas County voted for the Republican candidate in every Presidential election between 1864 and 1960, except in 1912 when it voted for Progressive Theodore Roosevelt. The Republican presidential nominee got over sixty percent of Douglas County's vote in every election between 1920 and 1960 (except 1932 when Herbert Hoover received 58.7 percent). To show how deeply the county's Republican roots ran, even when Kansas voted for Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936, Republican candidates won the county easily.

This changed in 1964, with the anti-Yankee feeling and Southern leanings of Barry Goldwater. This led to Douglas County voting for Lyndon B. Johnson, making Johnson the first Democrat ever to win the county. With more moderate GOP candidates, the GOP carried the county in every election between 1968 and 1988. However, the growing transformation of Lawrence into a liberal academic town pulled the county into the Democratic column from 1992 onwards. This was similar to many counties around the United States with college towns. Since the 2004 election, Douglas County has been one of the strongest Democratic places in Kansas, second only to Wyandotte County. Often, Douglas and Wyandotte are the only two counties in the state to vote for Democratic presidential candidates.

Douglas County is served by seven school districts.

The University of Kansas's main campus is in Lawrence. Haskell Indian Nations University is also in Lawrence. Baker University, the state's oldest university, is in Baldwin City, Kansas.

Clinton Lake, completed in 1980, offers boating, fishing and other water sports. Various parks around the lake have camping and trails for mountain biking, hiking and horseback riding.

Lone Star Lake is a small lake to the southwest of Lawrence. It offers fishing, boating and camping. Just northwest of Baldwin City is Douglas State Fishing Lake which provides hunting, fishing and limited camping. Other parks around the county include Black Jack Park, which includes the Ivan Boyd Prairie Preserve and Robert Hall Pearson Memorial Park, Broken Arrow Park in Lawrence, and Wells Overlook Park just south of Lawrence.

Big events in the county include the Maple Leaf Festival in Baldwin City every third full weekend in October. Lecompton's Territorial Days take place every year in June. Lawrence has many parades throughout the year including Christmas and St. Patrick's Day.


Other major highways include:

Douglas County also maintains an extensive network of county highways to serve the rural areas of the county. None of these county highways go into Lawrence.







Marais des Cygnes River

The Marais des Cygnes River is a principal tributary of the Osage River. It is about long, and runs through eastern Kansas and western Missouri in the United States. Via the Osage and Missouri rivers, it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. The name "Marais des Cygnes" means "Marsh of the Swans" in French. But the name actually comes from an Osage name “Mixa-ckau-tse” (where white swans are plentiful). It was probably so named because of the trumpeter and tundra swans that were plentiful here before the late 1800s. The river is notorious for flash flooding. The river is referenced in the song "The River" by Chely Wright.


List of comuni of the Province of Pesaro and Urbino

The following is a list of the 59 "comuni" of the Province of Pesaro and Urbino, Marche, in Italy.

Bever, Switzerland

Bever is a municipality of the district of Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Bivio

Bivio was a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Mulegns, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged into the new municipality of Surses.


Brexit

Brexit () was a movement that promoted that the United Kingdom (UK) leave the European Union (EU). The name "Brexit" is a portmanteau of "British" and "exit".

On 23 June 2016, the UK made a referendum that asked whether the UK should leave the EU. The result was that 51.9% of the UK electorate (the main region of the UK) voted that the UK should leave the EU. The rest wanted the UK to stay in the EU. On 29 March 2017, the UK government said that they will definitely be leaving the EU. This started the procedure of Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, a law that deals with countries that leave the EU. The UK was expected to fully leave the EU on 29 March 2019 at 11p.m. UTC. The deadline to leave was later changed to 31 October 2019.

On 15 January 2019, Theresa May's government was defeated in the House of Commons by 230 votes in a vote on her deal to leave the European Union.

On 24 December 2020, a post-Brexit trade deal was made.

Below is a timeline of major events relating to Brexit.






Madame de Montespan

Françoise de Rochechouart, Marquise of Montespan (5 October 1640 – 27 May 1707) was better known as Madame de Montespan. She was the most celebrated mistress of King Louis XIV of France. She had seven children with him. 

She had spent several years in fashonable Parisians salons. There she was quickly seen as an intelligent, witty and very attractive woman. She eventually gave herself the nickname Athénaïs in honour of the ancient Greek goddess Athena. As a result of this, she is also referred to as "Athénaïs de Montespan". She lived at the same time as Barbara Palmer, 1st Duchess of Cleveland, the mistress of Charles II of England. Several of her decendants married, which makes her an ancestress of several royal houses in Europe, including those of Spain, Italy, Bulgaria and Portugal. She was also responsible for the creation of the now destroyed "Trianon de Porcelaine" as well as the larger and grander Château de Clagny. That was like the Palace of Versailles, just on a smaller scale. She was also called "the real queen of France" in her lifetime due to her strong influence over the king and royal court. 

The second daughter of Gabriel de Rochechouart, Duke of Mortemart and Diane de Grandseigne, she was a member of the House of Rochechouart, itself one of the most well regarded noble families in France. Her mother was a lady-in-waiting to Anne of Austria and as a young girl, she often travelled with her mother between the family estates and the court at the Louvre in Paris. At the age of twelve, she began her formal education at the Convent of St Mary at Saintes, From a young age she was styled as "Mademoiselle de Tonnay-Charente" or "Mademoiselle de Mortemart". 

Despite being in love with Louis de La Trémoille, on 28 January 1663, Françoise married Louis Henri de Pardaillan, Marquis of Montespan, who was one year younger than her. Also, from a prominent noble family, the marriage was considered a good social match. The couple had two children.

At the age of twenty, Athénaïs became a maid-of-honour to the king's sister-in-law, Princess Henrietta of England, who was known at court by the traditional honorific of Madame. Later, because of the relationship between her mother and the queen dowager, Anne of Austria, Athénaïs was appointed to be a lady-in-waiting to the king's wife, Queen Marie Thérèse. By 1666 Athénaïs was trying to gain the favour of Louise de La Vallière, the mistress of king Louis. 

Eventually it became common knowledge that Louis and Athénaïs were having a sexual relationship. Their first illegitimate child was a daughter who was named after the couple ; Louise Françoise de Bourbon (1669-1672). She died young. As the children born to the couple increased, a house in Paris was bought on the Rue Vaugirard where the children could be bought up by their nanny Madame Scarron (future Madame de Maintenon) and secret wife of Louis). Thanks to the constant requests of Athénaïs in 1673, the couple's three living illegitimate children were legitimated by Louis XIV and given the royal surname of "de Bourbon". Their mother's name, however, was not mentioned. Despite having successfully seen her children with Louis legitimised, the arguments between Louis and Athénaïs became more and more frequent as well as ferocious, but the couple would invariably work things out. However, The ""Affaire des Poisons"" (Affair of the poisons), which erupted in September 1677. This was a national scandal, and it was thought that Athénaïs had been using certain poisons on Louis to ensure her influence on him would remain strong. Throughout her time as mistress of Louis, her influence on female fashion at court also remained considerable.


The last years of Madame de Montespan's life were given up to a very severe penance. Real sorrow over her death was felt by her three youngest children. She died on 27 May 1707 at the age of sixty-five while taking the waters at Bourbon-l'Archambault in order to try to heal an illness. The king refused to let her children to wear mourning for her.

Jayhawker

Jayhawkers is a term that came into use just before the American Civil War in Bleeding Kansas. It was adopted by militant bands of Free-Staters. These bands, known as "Jayhawkers", were guerrilla fighters who often clashed with pro-slavery groups from Missouri known at the time as "Border Ruffians". 

After the Civil War, the word "Jayhawker" became synonymous with the people of Kansas. Today a Jayhawk is typically a student, fan, or alumnus of the University of Kansas. "Jayhawk" is also the name of their mascot, a mythical bird with a history based on the Bleeding Kansas era term.

The term was adopted as a nickname by a group of emigrants traveling to California in 1849. The origin of the term may go back as far as the Revolutionary War, when it was reportedly used to describe a group associated with American patriot John Jay.

About 1858 the slang term "jayhawking" became widely used as a synonym for stealing. It was also used at the same time during the Kansas territorial period. The term came to be used to describe militant bands nominally associated with the free-state cause. 

Another historian of the time described the jayhawkers as bands of men that were willing to fight, kill, and rob for a variety of motives that included defense against pro-slavery. They fought "Border Ruffians" raiding into Kansas. In Missouri, "Jayhawker" was a derogatory term for Kansans who raided into Missouri, murdered slave owners, burned and looted their property in the name of freeing slaves.

James Henry Lane , moved to Lawrence, Kansas in 1855. Despite being a Democrat he became affiliated with the Free-Staters. He soon became one of the leaders of the Jayhawkers. Later a Union General and U.S. Senator, he led the 3rd and 4th Kansas Volunteer Infantry and 5th Kansas Cavalry on raids into Missouri. They burned most of the town of Osceola, Missouri, stole everything they could and freed the slaves in the town.

Charles R. Jennison was the leader of the "Independent Mounted Kansas Jayhawkers", also known as the 7th Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, was another who led raids into Missouri. The regiment was officially termed the 7th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, but was popularly known as Jennison's Jayhawkers.
In 1890, the football team of the University of Kansas called themselves the "Jayhawkers". Later it was shortened to "Jayhawk". They became synonymous with their mascot, a mythical bird called the Jayhawk. Their connections to the Jayhawkers of the Bleeding Kansas era and Civil War are a part of their history.

Hellsau

Hellsau is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Foglia

The Foglia is the northernmost river of the Marche region of Italy.

In ancient times it was known as "Pisaurus", as it flows into the Adriatic Sea at "Pisaurum" (modern Pesaro), the last important trading centre along the river. It was also known as the "Isaurus"; a word that is kept in the name of the "comune" Belforte all'Isauro.

The Foglia river has a length of about . Its first are in Tuscany.

Its tributaries are only small streams.

The sources of the Foglia is are in the province of Arezzo (Tuscany), near "Sasso Aguzzo", a hill between the "comuni" of Sestino and Badia Tedalda, at an altitude of about .

Then it flows east trough the "comuni" Sestino, Piandimeleto, Lunano, Sassocorvaro (where a dam forms an artificial lake called Lake of Mercatale), Auditore, Montecalvo in Foglia, Vallefoglia, Montelabbate and, near the mouth, Pesaro.

Two "comuni" have, in their names, the name of the riverː Montecalvo in Foglia and Vallefoglia.


Herbligen

Herbligen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Hermiswil

Hermiswil was a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the municipality of Seeberg.

Hermrigen

Hermrigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Altbüron

Altbüron is a municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Entlebuch

Entlebuch is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Lucerne. It is the capital of the district Entlebuch.


Doppleschwand

Doppleschwand is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the Swiss canton of Lucerne.

Escholzmatt

Escholzmatt is a municipality of the district Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Escholzmatt and Marbach merged into the new municipality of Escholzmatt-Marbach.


Elle King

Elle King (born July 3, 1989) is an American singer-songwriter and actress. Her musical style is country, rock and soul. In 2012, she released her first EP, "The Elle King EP". On February 17, 2015, she released her first album, "Love Stuff". The album produced the top 10 song "Ex's & Oh's".

King was born in Los Angeles. She later moved to New York City.

Serravalle, Switzerland

Serravalle is a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It was created on 1 April 2012 when the former municipalities of Malvaglia, Semione and Ludiano merged to form the new municipality of Serravalle.


Gambarogno

Gambarogno is a new municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 25 April 2010, the former municipalities of Caviano, Contone, Gerra (Gambarogno), Indemini, Magadino, Piazzogna, San Nazzaro, Sant'Abbondio and Vira (Gambarogno) merged into the new municipality of Gambarogno.


Flühli

Flühli is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Herzogenbuchsee

Herzogenbuchsee is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008, the former municipality of Oberönz merged into the municipality of Herzogenbuchsee.


Freimettigen

Freimettigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Hilterfingen

Hilterfingen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


2015–16 Superleague Greece

The 2015–16 Superleague Greece was the 80th season of top division football in Greece. The season started on 22 August 2015 and ended in May 2016. Olympiacos won their sixth consecutive title and 43rd overall.

Joe Walsh (Illinois politician)

William Joseph Walsh, known as Joe Walsh (born December 27, 1961), is an American conservative talk radio host and former politician.

He served one term in the United States House of Representatives for Illinois' . He served from January 2011 through January 2013, after defeating three-term incumbent Democratic Representative Melissa Bean by a margin of 291 votes in a surprising upset. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Walsh was defeated by retired U.S. Army Lt. Colonel Tammy Duckworth in the general election on November 6, 2012. He now hosts a conservative radio show on WIND-AM 560.

On August 25, 2019, Walsh announced his candidacy for President of the United States against President Donald Trump for the Republican nomination in 2020. He stated that Trump's behavior in office motivated him to declare his candidacy. He ended his campaign on February 9, 2020.


FC Rapid București

Fotbal Club Rapid București is a Romanian association football club from Bucharest, Romania. It was founded in 1923 by a group of workers. Rapid won the Romanian championship three times (1967, 1999 and 2003) and the Romanian Cup 13 times. In the 2015–16 season, they were promoted to Liga I.

Liga I

Liga II

Cupa Eroilor (Heroes Cup)

Cupa României

Supercupa României


FC Dinamo București

Fotbal Club Dinamo București (Usually just called Dinamo) is a Romanian association football club from Bucharest, Romania. The team is one of the most successful clubs in Romania, having won 18 Romanian Liga I titles, 13 Romanian Cups and 2 Supercupa României. They reached the semi-finals of the 1983–84 European Cup, only to be defeated by Liverpool 3–1.

The club was founded in 1948, and is one of the few to stay in the Liga I for it's entire history. The team's traditional home colours are white and red. Also, the club's biggest rival is Steaua Bucuresti.



CFR Cluj

Fotbal Club CFR 1907 Cluj ('CFR' stands for "Căile Ferate Române", meaning Romanian Railways) is a Romanian association football club from Cluj-Napoca in Transylvania, Romania. The club spent most of its history in the lower divisions. Great financial gains in 2002 led them to reach the Liga I in 2004. The following season, the CFR Cluj took part in the UEFA Intertoto Cup and finished as runners-up. For the first time in their history, the club won the Liga I in 2008. That season, they took the title away from the teams of Bucharest for the first time in 17 years. Since 2004, they have won the Liga I 3 times, the Romanian Cup 3 times and the Romanian Supercup twice.

The teams colours are purple and white, and their biggest rival is Universitatea Cluj.

Liga I
Liga II
Liga III
Romanian Cup
Romanian Supercup

Their most recent appearance in a European competition was in the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League, in which they reached the third qualifying round.

2016–17 Liga I

The 2016–17 Liga I was the 99th season of Liga I, which is the top division football league in Romania. The season began on 23 July 2016 and ended in May 2017. Viitorul Constanța won the tournament.

Teams start the Championship round with their points from the Regular season halved, rounded upwards, and no other records carried over from the Regular season.

Teams start the Relegation round with their points from the Regular season halved, rounded upwards, and no other records carried over from the Regular season.

ACS Poli Timișoara wins play-offs and stays in the Liga I.


Cupa României

The Cupa României (English: Romanian Cup) is an association football club tournament for Romanian teams. It has been held annually since 1933–34, except during World War II. All teams connected to the Romanian Football Federation can perform in the tournament. The winner of the cup is granted a place in the play-off round of the UEFA Europa League.

The most successful teams have been mainly from Bucharest, with Steaua București winning 22 titles, followed by Rapid București and Dinamo București with thirteen each.

Since the 2009–10 season, the format has been as such:

The county phase begins the tournament and is organized by the county football associations. Forty-two teams (one from each county) advance to the next phase.



FC Politehnica Iași (2010)

Clubul Sportiv Municipal Studențesc Iași (previously called CSMS Iași) is a professional association football club from Iaşi, Romania. The club was founded in 2010 and currently plays in the Liga I. The team's colours are blue and white.

On August 2010, Tricolorul Breaza merged with "Navoby Iași" and formed ACSMU Politehnica Iași. Ionuț Popa was appointed manager and Grigore Sichitiu as executive president. In the summer of 2011 the club was renamed to Clubul Sportiv Municipal Studenţesc Iași.

After many managerial changes, the club was finally promoted to Liga I after finishing 1st in the 2013–14 Liga II season.

Liga II


Hasle, Lucerne

Hasle is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


FC Astra Giurgiu

Fotbal Club Astra Giurgiu (Usually called Astra Giurgiu or just Astra) is a professional association football club from Giurgiu, Romania. They currently play in the Liga I.

The club was formed in 1921 in Ploiești (a city about 116 km north of Giurgiu), as "Clubul Sportiv Astra-Română". The club spent most of its history in the lower divisions. In 1990, the club was taken over by businessman Ioan Niculae and has since improved. In September 2012, the team was moved from Ploiești to Giurgiu.

The team won their first Liga I title in 2015–16. They also won 1 Cupa României and 1 Supercupa României.

The colours of the club are white and black, which is why their nickname "Dracii Negri" (The Black Devils).

The club has also had many names. These include: "Clubul Sportiv Astra-Română" (1921–1934), "Astra Română Câmpina" (1934–1937), "Astra Română Ploiești" (1937–1938), "Colombia Ploiești" (1938–1945), "Astra Română Ploiești" (1945–1959), "Rafinorul Ploiești" (1959–1990), "CS Astra Ploiești" (1990–1996), "AS Danubiana Ploiești" (1996–1998), "SC FC Astra Ploiești" (1998–2005), "CSM Ploiești" (2005–2007), "FC Ploiești" (2007–2009) and "FC Astra Ploiești" (2009–2012).



Marbach, Lucerne

Marbach was a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Marbach and Escholzmatt merged into the new municipality of Escholzmatt-Marbach.

Escholzmatt-Marbach

Escholzmatt-Marbach is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Escholzmatt and Marbach merged into the new municipality of Escholzmatt-Marbach.


Liga II

Liga II (previously called Divizia B) is the second tier division association football league in Romania. The winners of the league get promoted to the Liga I. The current champions are Rapid București and Gaz Metan Mediaș.

Liga II is made up of two regional leagues called Seria I and Seria II, each with 14 teams. In order to avoid long and expensive travels,t he clubs are divided based on where they are in Romania. Seria I usually has teams from the east, while Seria II has teams from the east. Teams in the center of Romania can choose which regional league they want to play in.

The best 6 teams from each Seria moves on to a play-off for promotion to Liga I. The rest of the teams will move on to a relegation play-off.

Until the 2012–13 season Liga II had 2 groups of 16 teams each. At the end of the 2012–13 and 2013–14 seasons the last five teams were relegated.

FC Botoșani

Fotbal Club Botoșani (usually just called FC Botoșani or Botoșani) is a professional Romanian association football club from Botoşani, Romania. Since the 2016–17 season, they play in the Liga I. It is the first club from Botoşani County to be promoted to the top league.

The club was formed in 2001 as Fotbal Club Botoșani. They started in the started in Divizia C, Serie I. They quickly made it to the Liga I after finishing 1st in the 2012–13 Liga II season.

The club plays at the Stadionul Municipal, which has a capacity of around 12,000 people. Supporter groups include the "Dark Hooligans", "Renegatii" and "BT Pride". They have a historical rivalry with Rapid CFR Suceava, but have recently grown to be rivals with Municipal Studențesc Iași as well.

The club's colours are red, white and blue. The home kit is usually white, while the away kit is generally blue.

Liga II
Liga III


Stadionul Municipal (Botoșani)

The Stadionul Municipal is a multi-use stadium in Botoşani, Romania. It is usually used for football matches with FC Botoșani (since 2001). The stadium holds 12,000 people. It was renovated in 2008, 2009 and 2013.


United Nations General Assembly Resolution 68/262

United Nations General Assembly Resolution 68/262 was adopted on March 27, 2014 by the sixty-eighth session of the United Nations General Assembly in response to the Russian annexation of Crimea and entitled "Territorial integrity of Ukraine". The non-binding resolution, which was supported by 100 United Nations member states, affirmed the General Assembly's commitment to the territorial integrity of Ukraine within its internationally recognized borders and underscored the invalidity of the 2014 Crimean referendum. Eleven (11) nations voted against the resolution, while 58 abstained, and a further 24 states were absent when the vote took place.

The resolution was introduced by Canada, Costa Rica, Germany, Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine. The adoption of the resolution was preceded by the unsuccessful attempts of the United Nations Security Council, that convened seven sessions to address the Crimean crisis, only to face Russian veto.



CS Universitatea Craiova

Clubul Sportiv Universitatea Craiova is a professional association football club from Craiova, Romania.

Two teams were founded in Craiova in the year 1921: "Craiovan Craiova" and "Rovine Griviţa Craiova". These two clubs merged to form the very successful team, FC Craiova. The team dissolved in 1949. Finally in 1948, "Universitatea Craiova" was formed by a group of students and professors.

Since it's founding, the club has won 4 Liga I titles, 6 Cupa României titles, 2 Liga II titles and 1 Liga III title. They also reached the quarter-finals of the 1981–82 UEFA Champions League tournament.

The team's colours are blue and white.

Liga I

Cupa României

Liga II

Liga III


Release

Release might refer to:


Richenthal

Richenthal is a village and former municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Richenthal and Langnau bei Reiden merged into the municipality of Reiden.

Azzedine Alaïa

Azzedine Alaïa (; , ; 26 February 1935 – 18 November 2017) was a Tunisian haute couture fashion designer based in Paris. 

In 2008, he was awarded the Legion of Honour by the French government.

In 2011, he started showing his collections on the catwalk again after an eight-years pause.

In 2015, he was celebrated at the Galleria Borghese in Rome with an exhibition called "Couture/Sculpture: Azzedine Alaïa in the History of Fashion".

Sandy Springs, Georgia

Sandy Springs is a city in Fulton County, Georgia. It is north of Atlanta. Its population was 108,080 in 2020.

Slave states and free states

In the history of the United States of America, a slave state was a U.S. state in which the practice of slavery was legal at a particular point in time. A free state was one in which slavery was prohibited. Slavery was an issue that divided the country. It was one of the primary causes of the American Civil War. The Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, ratified in 1865, abolished slavery in every state and territory of the United States except in cases of punishment for criminal activity. After that time the terms became more or less obsolete because all states were free of slavery.an attempt was Madèle to ensure that equal numbers week admîtes

Slavery was legal and practiced in each of the Thirteen Colonies. Organized political and social movements to end slavery began in the mid-18th century. The desire for freedom from Britain, expressed in the American Revolutionary War, caused many black Americans to join the revolution in hopes they would be freed also. Others joined the British Army, encouraged by British promises of freedom in exchange for military service. After the British lost the war, thousands were taken to Nova Scotia.

In the 1770s, blacks throughout New England began sending petitions to northern legislatures demanding freedom. At the Constitutional Convention many slavery issues were debated and for a time slavery was a major obstacle to passage of the new constitution. As a compromise the institution of slavery was acknowledged although never mentioned directly in the constitution. An example is the Fugitive Slave Clause. By 1789, five of the Northern states had policies that started to gradually abolish slavery: Pennsylvania (1780), New Hampshire and Massachusetts (1783), Connecticut and Rhode Island (1784). Vermont abolished slavery in 1777, while it was still independent. When it joined the United States as the 14th state in 1791, it was the first state to join that had no slavery. By 1804 all of the northern states had abolished slavery or had plans in place to gradually reduce it. There were 11 free states and 11 slave states. Later came the civil war.

In the South, Kentucky was created as a slave state from a part of Virginia (1792). Tennessee was created a slave state out of a part of North Carolina (1796). By 1803, after Ohio had been admitted to the United States, there were nine free states and eight slave states. The geographic divide between northern free states and southern slave states became the Mason–Dixon line. In 1820, the Missouri Compromise extended the Mason–Dixon line westward as the official dividing line between free and slave states east of the Ohio River.

The Northwest Ordinance of 1787, passed just before the U.S. Constitution was ratified, prohibited slavery in the Northwest Territory. The southern boundary of the territory was the Ohio River. This was regarded as a westward extension of the Mason–Dixon line. The territory was generally settled by New Englanders and American Revolutionary War veterans who were granted land there. The states created from the territory – Ohio (1803), Indiana (1816), Illinois (1818), Michigan (1837), Iowa (1846), Wisconsin (1848), and Minnesota (1858) – were all free states.

During the War of 1812, the British accepted all slaves who came into their hands as free. This was without any conditions as to military service such as had been made in the Revolutionary War. By the end of the War of 1812, the momentum for antislavery reform, state by state, appeared to lose momentum. Half the states had already abolished Slavery, had prohibited it from the start or were in the process of eliminating slavery. The other half were committed to preserving slavery within their borders.

At the federal level politicians were concerned over the balance of power in the United States. Each state had two senators so if there were an equal number of states on both sides of the issue, nothing could be done on the federal level. With an equal number of slave states and free states, the Senate was equally divided on issues important to the South. Both the North and South were concerned over the western territories and whether new states would be admitted as free states or slave states.

Controversy over whether Missouri should be admitted as a slave state, resulted in the Missouri Compromise of 1820. This specified that Louisiana Purchase territory north of latitude 36° 30', which described most of Missouri's southern boundary, would be organized as free states. Territory south of that line would be reserved for organization as slave states. As part of the compromise, the admission of Maine (1820) as a free state was secured to balance Missouri's admission as a slave state (1820). The growing population in the industrialized North resulted in the House of Representatives having more free state votes than slavery votes. To overcome this imbalance, in 1836 the House instituted a "gag rule" forbidding the House from considering any anti-slavery petitions. It was repealed on December 3, 1844.

The admission of Texas (1845) and the U.S. obtaining the vast new Mexican Cession territories (1848) after the Mexican–American War created further North-South conflict. Although the settled portion of Texas was an area rich in cotton plantations and dependent on slavery, the territory acquired in the Mountain West did not seem hospitable to cotton or slavery. As part of the Compromise of 1850, California was admitted as a free state (1850), without a slave state pair. To avoid creating a free state majority in the Senate, California agreed to send one pro-slavery and one anti-slavery senator to Congress.

The difficulty of identifying territory that could be organized into additional slave states stalled the process of opening the western territories to settlement. Slave state politicians sought a solution, with efforts being made to acquire Cuba (see Ostend Manifesto, 1852) and to annex Nicaragua (see Walker affair, 1856–57). Both were to be slave states.

In 1854, the Missouri Compromise of 1820 was superseded by the Kansas–Nebraska Act. This allowed white male settlers in the new territories to determine through popular sovereignty whether they would allow slavery within each territory. The result was that pro- and anti-slavery elements flooded into Kansas with the goal of voting slavery up or down. This led to the conflict known as Bleeding Kansas. An effort was attempted to organize Kansas for admission as a slave state. It was to be paired with Minnesota as a free state. But the admission of Kansas as a slave state was blocked because of questions over the legitimacy of its slave state constitution. Anti-slavery settlers in Kansas in the 1850s were called "Free-Soilers", because they fought (successfully) to include Kansas in the Union as a free state in 1861. When the admission of Minnesota proceeded unimpeded in 1858, the balance in the Senate was lost. Oregon was admitted in 1859 as a free state.

At the start of the Civil War, there were 34 states in the United States, 15 of which were slave states. Of these, 11 slave states declared their secession from the United States to form the Confederacy. The slave states that stayed in the Union were Maryland, Missouri, Delaware, and Kentucky, and were referred to as the border states. By the time the Emancipation Proclamation was made in 1863 Tennessee was already in Union control. So the Proclamation applied only to the 10 remaining Confederate states. Abolition of slavery also became a condition of the return of local rule in those states that had declared their secession. The Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution abolished slavery throughout the United States on December 18, 1865, ending the distinction between slave and free states.

Romoos

Romoos is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Hindelbank

Hindelbank is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Mötschwil became a part of Hindelbank.


Province of Fermo

The Province of Fermo () is a province in the Marche region of Italy. Its capital is the city of Fermo.

It is a province since 2004 with parts of the province of Ascoli Piceno but it was in 2009 when it became an active province.

Fermo has an area of , the smallest province of the Marche region. The province is surrounded, by land, by two provinces of Marcheː the province of Macerata in the north and west and the province of Ascoli Piceno in the south; to the east is the Adriatic Sea on the east.

The main rivers in the province, from north to south, are (all of them flow to the east into tfe Adriatic Sea but Ete Morto)ː

The highest mountain in the province is "Monte Priora",() in the Apennines; it is high.

There are 174,849 persons living in the province (1 January 2017), for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

There are 40 municipalities (or "comuni") in the province; they are:

The largest "comune" is Fermo, with and the smallest is Pedaso, with . The "comune" with fewest people living in it is Smerillo with 366 inhabitants.

The following table shows the 10 "comuni" with more inhabitants with their population, and their area and altitude.


Höchstetten

Höchstetten is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Höfen, Thun

Höfen bei Thun was a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Höfen, Niederstocken and Oberstocken merged into the new municipality of Stocken-Höfen.

List of comuni of the Province of Fermo

The following is a list of the 40 "comuni" of the Province of Fermo, Marche, in Italy.

Bonaduz

Bonaduz () is a municipality of the district Imboden in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Hofstetten bei Brienz

Hofstetten bei Brienz is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Homberg, Bern

Homberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Jenni Williams

Jennifer Louise "Jenni" Williams is an activist from Zimbabwe. She started the organization WOZA (Women of Zimbabwe Arise) to protest the Zimbabwe government. In 2007 she received an International Women of Courage Award.

Willimas has an Irish grandfather and a Matabele grandmother. When she was sixteen years old, she left school to take care of her brothers and sisters.

From 1994 to 2002 Williams was head of a public relations company.

In 2003 Williams started WOZA to work for women's rights and government reform. By 2009, she had been in prison more than 50 times. 


If Only I Could

If Only I Could (Chinese: 十年…你还好吗？) is a Singaporean drama television series. It is produced and shown on Mediacorp Channel 8. It began its run from 31 May 2016. There are 20 episodes. It stars Rui En, Paige Chua, Andie Chen and Elvin Ng as the main characters.

Chen Zhenhao struggles to keep her family together despite a disapproving mother-in-law, an easygoing husband too generous with his meagre earnings, and a son with hyperactivity.

Huo Xiwen endures marital problems with her husband Huang Degang and suffers a miscarriage after an accident.

Zhenhao is later diagnosed with breast cancer, and together with her former schoolmate and rival, Xiwen, who’s also seen her share of misfortune, the pair travel back in time to start their lives over and avoid all the mistakes they’ve made. But the two long-suffering wives realise they’re worse off than before.



CS Gaz Metan Mediaș

Clubul Sportiv Gaz Metan Mediaș is a professional association football club from Mediaș, Sibiu County, Romania. They were founded in 1945 and currently play in the Liga I.

They currently play at the Stadionul Gaz Metan, which has a capacity of around 7,800 people.

Their best performance in the Liga I was at 7th place in the 2010–11 Liga I. They have never won the Romanian cup, but got 2nd place in 1951. They have won the Liga II 2 times and the Liga III 3 times.

The club has had many names: "Karres Mediaș", "CSM Mediaș", "Zorile Rosii Mediaș", "Gaz Metan Mediaș", "Partizanul" (1950–51), "Flacara" (1951–56), "Energia" (1956–58), "Gaz Metan" (1958–60), and "CSM Mediaș" (1960–1963).

Liga II
Liga III


FC Viitorul Constanța

Fotbal Club Viitorul Constanța is a professional association football club from Ovidiu, Constanța County, Romania. They currently play in the Liga I.

The club was founded in the summer of 2009 and began to play in the Liga III. It was founded by famous Romanian footballer Gheorghe Hagi. The club currently possesses the top youth facilities of any club in the country.

They won the Liga III in the 2009-10 season. Also, their team colours are blue, white and black.

Liga III

Schüpfheim

Schüpfheim is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Mason–Dixon line

The Mason–Dixon line, also called Mason's and Dixon's line, originally determining the border between Maryland and Pennsylvania, was surveyed and marked between 1763 and 1767. Two English surveyors, Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon, were hired by the Penn and Calvert families to settle a border dispute. In 1760 the British crown, tired of the violence between the two colonies, demanded the dispute over the border between Maryland and Pennsylvania be settled according to an agreement made in 1732. The line the two surveyors came up with was so accurate it is still considered a marvel. GPS measurements show the line to be off by an inch (2.54 cm) or less in places and no more than in others.

England's Secretary of State under James I of England was George Calvert. When he decided to publicly announce he was a Catholic in 1625, English law required him to resign his position. The king made him an Irish baronet with the title of "Lord Baltimore". Calvert was one of the investors in the Virginia Company but was not allowed to go to the Virginia Colony because of his religion. Now retired and with time on his hands, Calvert turned his attention to overseas plantations. A wealthy man, Calvert started his own "Avalon" colony in Newfoundland. But by 1629 Calvert lost interest. He then convinced Charles I of England, James's successor, to give him a land grant to start the colony of Maryland. The king gave Calvert and his son everything north of the Potomac River to the 40th parallel and everything from the Atlantic Ocean to the source of the Potomac. The first Lord Calvert died in 1632. His sons went on to found the Maryland colony. On May 27th, 1634, Leonard Calvert with about 300 settlers arrived at St. Mary's City, Maryland on the Chesapeake Bay.

William Penn, a leading member of the Religious Society of Friends or Quakers, was one of those who was granted the colonial province of West New Jersey in 1677. While colonists settled there, Penn remained in England. Charles II of England owed Penn's father a large loan which at the elder Penn's death the king settled by granting Penn a large area of land "Sylvania" (Latin for woods) west and south of New Jersey. Charles renamed it Pennsylvania in honor of Penn's father. Perhaps Charles II was glad to have a place to send political outsiders like Penn that was far away from England. Issued on March 4, 1681, the boundaries of Pennsylvania were:

In 1682, an error in surveying placed Philadelphia inside the lands granted to Maryland. The two charters had overlapped. The Calvert family in Maryland demanded Philadelphia become a part of Maryland. The Penn family defended the error and in 1729 established Lancaster County, Pennsylvania partly in defense of the error.

Maryland hired a ruffian named Thomas Cresap to force the issue. He and his armed followers moved up the Susquehanna River from Havre de Grace, Maryland to the 40th parallel settling on the west bank of the river. From there they began harassing their Pennsylvania neighbors. They killed livestock and tore down fences. In 1732 the hostilities quieted down when the two colonies reached an agreement. But Lord Baltimore went back on the agreement two years later. Cresap and his men resumed raiding farms and telling Pennsylvania Quakers that if they wanted it stopped they would pay the taxes they owed Maryland.

The closest the dispute ever came to being a "war" was on November 23, 1736. A group of Scots-Irish men led by the Sheriff of Lancaster attacked Cresap's men. The Maryland ruffians were defeated with one being killed. Cresap was arrested and taken to Philadelphia. He remained in prison until August 1737 when the King ordered his release. He also ordered the two colonies to settle their dispute in the courts and not by fighting. An English high court ruled in 1750, in favor of Pennsylvania. The court stated that Maryland forfeited its charter rights when it agreed to the compromise in 1732. The new border was now at 39 degrees, 43 minutes, 26.3 seconds, north latitude based on the survey by Mason and Dixon.

In 1781, Pennsylvania abolished slavery. The original line became the rough dividing line between Southern slave states and Northern free states. The exception was Delaware which remained a slave state up to the American Civil War. Fifty years later the Missouri Compromise of 1820 established a line extending the Mason–Dixon line westward to the Ohio River. Then following the border of Ohio to the mouth of the river at the Mississippi River, then westward along 36 degrees 30 minutes North. The line began as a way to end a border dispute and became best known as the line separating slave and free states.


Horrenbach-Buchen

Horrenbach-Buchen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Huttwil

Huttwil is a city in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Son Heung-min

Son Heung-min (Hangul: 손흥민 [sʰon hɯŋmin]; born 8 July 1992) is a South Korean soccer player. He is now in the English Premier League at Tottenham Hotspur F.C.. Son is a forward who plays both as a winger and a striker. He played in the Bundesliga for Hamburger SV and Bayer Leverkusen. Son is also a key player on the South Korean national team. He played in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

Son was born on July 8th 1992 in Chuncheon, South Korea. He was taught by his father, who was a football player. He graduated Chuncheon Buan Elementary School. Then he entered Chuncheon Hupyeong Middle School, butl he transferred to and graduated from Wonju Yukmingwan Middle School. He entered Dongbuk High School, but quit to join Hamburger SV.

In 2008, Son joined the youth academy of Hamburger SV in the Bundesliga at the age of 16. He signed a professional contract before the 2010-2011 season.

In June 2013, he transferred to Bayer 04 Leverkusen.

In August 2015, Son joined the English Premier League team Tottenham Hotspur F.C.

Son's first international competition was the 2011 AFC Asian Cup. Later, he played in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.

Ring (diacritic)

A ring diacritic may appear above or below letters. It may be used with some letters of the extended Latin alphabets. In the International Phonetic Alphabet, a ring below a letter is used for voicelessness.

Werthenstein

Werthenstein is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Wolhusen

Wolhusen is a municipality of the district of Entlebuch in the Lucerne canton of Switzerland.


Harpers Ferry Armory

Harpers Ferry Armory, more formally known as the United States Armory and Arsenal at Harpers Ferry, was the second federal armory commissioned by the United States government. It was located in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia (then part of Virginia). It was also called the "mother arsenal", a term coined in 1797 by the first Secretary of the Navy Benjamin Stoddert. The first federal armory was the Springfield Armory located in Springfield, Massachusetts. In many books the town is called “Harper’s Ferry” with an apostrophe. The national armory has been associated with many historical events throughout the history of the United States.

In 1751, Robert Harper purchased of land at "The Hole", a name at the time for the place where the Potomac and Shenandoah rivers meet. He set up a ferry service for travelers who needed to cross the Shenandoah River. In 1763, the Virginia General Assembly established the town of "Shenandoah Falls" at "Mr. Harper's Ferry." Soon it just became known as Harpers Ferry. The town grew and became a transportation hub as more new businesses came here.

In 1794, the United States Congress passed a bill calling ""for the erecting and repairing of Arsenals and Magazines"". President George Washington, given wide latitude in carrying out this order, selected Harpers Ferry, then a part of Virginia, for the location of the Harpers Ferry National Armory. In 1796, the United States government purchased a parcel of land from the heirs of Robert Harper. In 1799, construction began on the national armory. Three years later, mass production of military arms started.

When it opened, the armory's size seemed to be too small for its workforce. It consisted of only one room. There were 25 workers. Nevertheless, the armory produced many muskets, rifles, and later pistols for the United States. By 1810 the armory was producing about ten thousand weapons per year. The building relied on river power to drive the armory's machinery.

Most of the guns for the 1804 Lewis and Clark Expedition were made at Harpers Ferry. In 1811 the M1819 Hall rifle was designed by Captain John Hall. In 1819 it was adopted by the U.S. Army and produced at Harpers Ferry.

The 1830s and 1840s saw a number of changes in the design of the basic musket produced at the armory. More powerful gunpowder was developed and weapons changed from flintlock to percussion cap operation. By 1855 the armory was producing rifled muskets by the thousands with ‘‘HARPERS FERRY’’ stamped on them.

The upgrades of the arsenal began in 1845-1854 with the construction of seven brand new workshops and the installation of 121 new machines. The new workshops had a brick superstructure with iron framing and sheet metal roofing. These reconstructed arsenal buildings became collectively known as the "U.S. Musket Factory". The armory canal was enlarged so that more water could get to the armory, which meant it would receive more power. 

In addition, more people were employed to work at the armory than before: the labor force increased from 25 in 1802 to about 400 workers in 1859. The working conditions improved, but only slightly.
In 1859, the armory became the site of the famous raid by abolitionist John Brown. While unsuccessful in inciting a slave revolt, it did raise Southern fears and increased the tension between North and South prior to the American Civil War.

On April 17, 1861, Virginia seceded from the Union. At this point the arsenal became a prime military target. the governor of Virginia planned to take the valuable armory for the South. He knew that no Southern arsenal could match the quality of the arms being produced at Harpers Ferry. He sent his militia to take the arsenal before the Union Army could send enough troops to hold it. When the Virginia militia was four miles away, army Lieutenant Roger Jones sent an urgent message to Washington, DC explaining the danger they were in and to send them thousands of troops to defend Harpers Ferry. When he received no reply he decided he had to act. On the night of April 18, 1861, Jones ordered his men to set fire to the arsenal and the over 15,000 muskets and all the ammunition stored there. Then they quickly retreated across the bridge to Maryland. But the approaching Virginia militia put out the flames. They were able to save 4,000 muskets and all the machinery. The Confederates held the armory for the next three months. During this time they transported the machinery to the Confederate armory at Fayetteville, North Carolina. Then the Confederates set fire to the buildings when they retreated in July. The armory was destroyed and never rebuilt.

In spite of the armory's strategic importance, it was nearly impossible to defend. The town and arsenal were surrounded on sides by thousand-foot high cliffs. To defend Harpers Ferry required the placement of artillery on all high points over the city. Soldiers stationed at Harpers Ferry during the war described it as a “godforsaken, stinking hole”. The location of Harpers Ferry proved to be a poor choice militarily. 

After the Civil War, John Brown's Fort was the only building to survive the destruction by both the Confederates and the Union. The building was named after John Brown for his notorious raid on the Harpers Ferry Armory in 1859. The building was the armory's fire engine and guardhouse.


Entlebuch District

Entlebuch is a district of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The capital is the municipality of Schüpfheim.

It contains the following municipalities:


Sixth form

The sixth form is the final stage in British secondary schools. This term is used in England, Northern Ireland, Wales and some other Commonwealth countries. The sixth form (or 'Key Stage 5') is the final two years of secondary education (U.S. 'high school'). Students (typically between 16 and 18 years of age) prepare for their A-level (or equivalent) examinations.



Inkwil

Inkwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Innertkirchen

Innertkirchen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Gadmen merged into the municipality of Innertkirchen.


Ins, Switzerland

Ins () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Gaultheria

Gaultheria is a flowering plant genus in the family Ericaceae. "Gaultheria" has 135 species including the Salal, "Gaultheria shallon". "Gaultheria" are shrubs that are related to the blueberry. "Gaultheria" is commonly called wintergreen. The genus was described by Pehr Kalm.

Interlaken

Interlaken is a town and municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is an important and well-known tourist destination in the Bernese Oberland region of the Swiss Alps, and the main transport gateway to the mountains and lakes of that region. In 2018, 5,610 people lived there.

The town is on the Bödeli between two lakes Brienz and Thun.


Leopold, Duke of Lorraine

Léopold, I Duke of Lorraine (11 September 1679 – 27 March 1729) nicknamed "the Good", was the ruling Duke of Lorraine and Bar from 1690 to his death. He was named in honour of his uncle Holy Roman Emperor Leopold I. He was also responsible for the creation of the Château de Lunéville which was used as the ducal residence during his lifetime. 

The eldest son of Eleanor of Austria and Charles V of Lorraine, He was from a long established House of Lorraine which had ruled over the small sovereign Duchy of Lorraine since 1473. 

He was in exile and Lorraine was occupied by France until 30 October 1697, when it was returned to Leopold; it was again occupied by France from 1702 to 1714, although the duke remained in place. Following Leopold's death, his wife would act as regenbt for their son Francis until he gained his majority. 

Leopold married Élisabeth Charlotte d'Orléans, a niece of Louis XIV of France. The match was designed to improve relations between Lorraine and its larger and more powerful neighbour. (Lorraine having been for many years in the possession of France) 
Leopold and Élisabeth Charlotte was finally married on 13 October 1698 at the Palace of Fontainebleau, Élisabeth Charlotte was given a large dowry. The couple eventually had 14 children in total, even though Leopold would often see his mistress the wife of Marc de Beauvau known as the "Princess of Craon". 


Having worked hard to restore the duchy throughout his reign as a result of it being destroyed by the various wars throughout Leopold's life. 

In March 1729, Leopold caught a fever while walking at the Château at Ménil near Lunéville. He returned to Lunéville where he died on 27 March, aged 49.

List of comuni of the Province of Macerata

The following is a list of the 40 "comuni" of the Province of Macerata, Marche, in Italy.

Joe Pavelski

Joe Pavelski is an American profesional ice hockey player. He currently plays for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL) where he is the alternate captain. He has also played for the San Jose Sharks. He was the captain of the Sharks from 2015 until 2019.

On July 1, 2019, he signed a three-year, $21 million contract with the Dallas Stars.

Pavelski has also played international hockey for the United States men's national ice hockey team. He won a silver medal with them at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.


Agnetha Fältskog

Agnetha Åse Fältskog (, born 5 April 1950) is a Swedish musician, singer, songwriter, actress, and author. She became successful in Sweden after the release of her debut album "Agnetha Fältskog" in 1968, and reached international stardom as a member of the pop group ABBA.

After the break-up of ABBA, Fältskog found some success as a solo artist in the 1980s. Fältskog stopped recording music for almost 17 years until she released a new album in 2004.

Björn Ulvaeus

Björn Kristian Ulvaeus (credited as Björn Ulvæus ; born 25 April 1945) is a Swedish songwriter, producer, a former member of the Swedish musical group ABBA (1972–1982), and co-composer of the musicals "Chess", "Kristina från Duvemåla", and "Mamma Mia!". He co-produced the movie "Mamma Mia!" with fellow ABBA member and close friend Benny Andersson.

Dynamo Dresden

Sportgemeinschaft Dynamo Dresden e.V. (usually just called SG Dynamo Dresden or Dynamo Dresden) is a professional association football club from Dresden, Saxony, Germany. They currently play in the 2. Bundesliga.

The club was founded on 12 April 1953 as a club affiliated with the East German police. They became one of the most successful clubs in East Germany, winning 8 DDR-Oberliga titles. After the German reunification, they played in the Bundesliga for a few seasons, but they have drifted between the 2. Bundesliga and the Regionalliga Nordost.

Their main rivals are Berliner FC Dynamo, Lokomotive Leipzig, Chemnitzer, Sachsen Leipzig, Erzgebirge Aue and Dresdner. Also, their main colours are yellow and black (previously the colours were green and white).



Chromophore

A chromophore is the part of a molecule responsible for its colour.

The colour is caused when a molecule absorbs certain wavelengths of visible light. It transmits or reflects only other wavelengths, which causes the colour we see.

In biological molecules that capture or detect light energy, the chromophore is the part of the molecule which responds when hit by light.

Chromophores make the colour in chromatophores, which are the pigment-containing and light-reflecting cells found in many animals.

Himeros

Himeros (Ancient Greek: Ἱμερος "uncontrollable desire") is the god of sexual desire or unrequited love. He is one of the Erotes.

Himeros is shown to carry a bow and arrow. He created desire and passion in mortals. He is often depicted as a young man or child.

His parents are Ares and Aphrodite and he's brothers with Eros, his twin brother. His other siblings include Pothos, Anteros, Hermaphroditus, Hedylogos, Phobos, Deimos and Harmonia.


Harpers Ferry, West Virginia

Harpers Ferry is a historic town in Jefferson County, West Virginia, United States. In some cases the name Harper's Ferry has been spelled using an apostrophe. Harpers Ferry sits at the confluence of the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers. This is where the U.S. states of Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia meet. It is the easternmost town in West Virginia. The original, lower section of the town is located on a low-lying floodplain created by the two rivers. It is surrounded by higher ground on all sides. Historically, Harpers Ferry is best known for John Brown's raid on the Armory in 1859 and its role in the American Civil War. During the war, between 1861 and 1865, the town changed hands between Union and Confederate forces 14 times. The Battle of Harpers Ferry resulted in the largest surrender by Union Army soldiers in the Civil War.

The population was 269 at the 2020 census.

Battle of Harpers Ferry

The Battle of Harpers Ferry was fought September 12–15, 1862. It was part of the Maryland Campaign of the American Civil War. As Gen. Robert E. Lee's Confederate army invaded Maryland, a portion of his army under Major General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson was sent to capture Harpers Ferry. His troops surrounded, bombarded, and captured the Union garrison at Harpers Ferry, Virginia (now West Virginia). This was a major victory at relatively minor cost.

During the Maryland Campaign of 1862, Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia advanced north through the Shenandoah Valley into Maryland. Lee planned to capture the garrison at Harpers Ferry to secure his line of supply back to Virginia. The Confederate Army was being pursued at a leisurely pace by Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan's Army of the Potomac. Even though the Union Army outnumbering him more than two to one, Lee chose the risky strategy of dividing his army. He sent one portion to converge and attack Harpers Ferry from three directions. Col. Dixon S. Miles, Union commander at Harpers Ferry, insisted on keeping most of the troops near the town instead of taking up commanding positions on the surrounding heights. He had been ordered by McClellan to hold the town until McClellan could send more soldiers.

The slim defenses of the most important position, Maryland Heights, first encountered the approaching Confederate on September 12. But there was only a brief skirmishing. Strong attacks by two Confederate brigades on September 13 drove the Union troops from the heights.

During the fighting on Maryland Heights, the other Confederate columns arrived. They were astonished to see that critical positions to the west and south of town were not defended. Jackson methodically positioned his artillery around Harpers Ferry and ordered Maj. Gen. A.P. Hill to move down the west bank of the Shenandoah River in preparation for a flank attack on the Federal left the next morning. By the morning of September 15, Jackson had positioned nearly 50 guns on Maryland Heights and at the base of Loudoun Heights. He began a fierce artillery barrage from all sides and ordered an infantry assault. Miles realized that the situation was hopeless. He agreed with his subordinates to raise the white flag of surrender. Before he could surrender personally, he was mortally wounded by an artillery shell and died the next day. After processing more than 12,000 Union prisoners, Jackson's men then rushed to Sharpsburg, Maryland, to rejoin Lee for the Battle of Antietam.


Giumaglio

Giumaglio is a village and former municipality of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo merged into the new municipality of Maggia.

Maryland Campaign

The Maryland Campaign (September 4, 1862–September 20, 1862), also called the Antietam Campaign, was a series of four battles in West Virginia and Maryland initiated by Confederate General Robert E. Lee. It was considered as one of the major turning points in the Civil War for the Union. The goal was for Lee's army to invade the Northern states of Maryland and Pennsylvania. That way he could threaten the cities of Washington, D.C. and Baltimore. By a series of decisive victories Lee thought that the South could gain recognition from England and France and get them to support the Southern cause. The hope was if Lee was victorious, it might cause Abraham Lincoln to sue for peace.

During the summer of 1862, the hopes of the North that the rebellion could be easily crushed were quickly fading. In July, Major General George B. McClellan's defeated attempt to capture the Southern capital at Richmond, Virginia failed. Near the end of August, the Second Battle of Bull Run was another Confederate victory. The Union armies retreated back to Washington, D.C. only a few miles away. In the West, Confederate offensives were proving to be successful. This was causing poor morale among the Union army soldiers.

Lee divided his Army of Northern Virginia into five smaller armies or columns. Three he sent with General "Stonewall" Jackson to attack and hold Harpers Ferry. This way Jackson could control the Shenandoah Valley.
The town of Harpers Ferry, Virginia (now West Virginia), sits at the confluence of the Potomac and Shenandoah Rivers. It is surrounded by high cliffs on three sides making it nearly impossible to defend. Col. Dixon S. Miles, Union commander at Harpers Ferry, kept most the troops near the town instead of taking up commanding positions on the surrounding heights. Jackson put artillery on all the heights and bombarded the garrison. Miles decided to surrender the more than 12,000 men. As he debated with his officers over the decision, Miles was struck by a shell that shattered his left leg, a wound that proved fatal. Jackson then took possession of Harper’s Ferry before joining the rest of Lee’s army at Sharpsburg, He left General A.P. Hill’s division at the garrison to guard the prisoners.

This skirmish took place in Maryland. While most of Lee's army was attacking Harpers Ferry, the rest moved into Maryland with Major General George B. McClellan's Army of the Potomac closely behind them. At Frederick, Maryland the Union army caught up with Lee and the fighting began on South Mountain. It was a natural formation that separated the Shenandoah and Cumberland Valleys from eastern Maryland. Several battles were fought that day over possession of South Mountain. The Confederates were driven back with a large number of casualties. McClellan could have destroyed Lee's army but he waited giving Lee the time to regroup. 

The Battle of Antietam, also called the Battle of Sharpsburg, was not only the bloodiest day of the American Civil War, it was the single bloodiest day in American history. Most of the fighting occurred on September 17, 1862 between Antietam Creek and the town of Sharpsburg, Maryland. The events leading to the battle were somewhat strange. Earlier, a copy of Order No. 191 had been used to bundle a Confederate officer's cigars. It was dropped and found by Union soldiers. They were taken to McClellan who now knew exactly what Lee's battle plan was. However, a Southern sympathizer told Lee that McClellan had a copy of the order. So McClellan's advantage was lost. Because McClellan took his time after the Battle of South Mountain, Lee regrouped around Sharpsburg. The battles started on the morning of the 16th. By evening, there was still no clear-cut winner. Both sides were badly bloodied. 

Also called the Battle of Botelier's Ford, this battle took place in Jefferson County, West Virginia. As Lee's army retreated south, Union troops under Major General Fitz John Porter's caught up with Lee's rearguard. While troops were still crossing the Potomac they were attacked by General William Pendleton's Confederates. This discouraged the Union command from following the Confederate retreat any further.

A little over a month later, President Lincoln relieved McClellan of command for failing to follow and destroy Lee's army. Major General Ambrose E. Burnside took over command of the Army of the Potomac.


Ipsach

Ipsach is a municipality in the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Iseltwald

Iseltwald is a village and municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is located on the southern of Lake Brienz.


Time in Egypt

Egypt observes Eastern European Time (UTC+2) all year round, the same time as neighboring Libya. On April 29, 2016, Egypt announced it was going to re-introduce daylight saving time (DST) on July 7 at 00:00 (), but on July 4, 2016, the Egyptian government announced that DST will not be observed in 2016.

Egypt first observed DST in 1940, but ended in 1945. DST was re-introduced in 1957, and the country continued to observe it until 2010.

Egypt formally observed daylight saving time from the last Friday of April until the first Friday of October. However, because of Ramadan, the dates varied, in 2006, it ended on September 22, in 2007 on September 7, and in 2008 on August 29. In 2010, Ramadan was completely changed to inside "summer".

On April 20, 2011, Egypt stopped observed summer time. EET was then used all year, with no summer time change.

In May 2014, daylight saving time was re-introduced in the country. DST started on Friday, May 16, with the period stopped during Ramadan, and then ended on Friday, September 26, but was abolished in 2015. In April 2016, it was announced DST will start on Friday, July 8, and end on Friday, October 28, but it was cancelled by the Egyptian government on July 4, 2016.

Mithankot

Mithankot (Urdu: مِٹهن كوٹ) is a city in southern Punjab, Pakistan. Mithankot is located on the right (west) bank of the Indus River, only a short distance downstream from its junction with Panjnad River.

Moscow Time

Moscow Time is , the same time as Eastern European Summer Time, East Africa Time, and Arabia Standard Time.

On 28 March 2010, Moscow Time became the time zone for the Samara Oblast in Russia, leaving Samara Time () unused.

On 8 February 2011, the Russian government announced the abandonment of daylight saving time (DST) in all time zones across Russia. Moscovians set their clocks forward on 27 March 2011, and then UTC+04:00 became its standard time permanently.

In July 2014, the law to observe summer time year round was abandoned, and the clock has been set to UTC+3 starting from 26 October 2014.

The time zone database is Europe/Moscow.

Siti Musdah Mulia

Siti Musdah Mulia (born March 3, 1958 in Bone, South Sulawesi Selatandari) is an Indonesian professor of religion and an activist for women's rights. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Mulia came from a family with a strong religious tradition. She went to an Islamic boarding school. Her father and father-in-law are Islamic religious leaders. 
Mulia's father was H. Mustamin Abdul Fatah, a battalion commander in Darul Islam the insurgent Islamic State led by Abdul Kahar Muzakkar. Her mother was Hj. Buaidah Achmad, the first girl in her village to graduate from an Islamic boarding school, Pesantren Darud Da'wah wal Irshad in Pare-Pare. 

Mulia graduated from As`adiyah Islmaic high school in South Sulawesi in 1973. In 1997, she received a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Islamic political thought from the State Islamic University. She was the first woman to receive this degree.

In 1999, Mulia became a research professor at the Indonesian Institute of Sciences. She is also a professor of Islamic Political Thought at the School of Graduate Studies of Syarif Hidayatullah State Islamic University in Jakarta, Indonesia.

From 1999 to 2007 Mulia was the senior advisor of the Minister of Religious Affairs. In 2004 this group started to write the Compilation of Islamic Law. This draft of Indonesia’s Islamic code included banning polygamy and child marriage. Because of this, Mulia got death threats.

From 2000 to 2005 Malia was head of the Council of Indonesian Ulema.

Malia believes in "the right of women to interpret Islamic teachings, the right of women to become an ulema, and the right of women to correct religious missions". 

Mulia is the author of many books. 



Shenandoah River

The Shenandoah River is a tributary of the Potomac River, long with two forks approximately long each. One is in the U.S. states of Virginia while the other in West Virginia. 

The river and its tributaries drain the central and lower Shenandoah River valley. They also drain the Page Valley in the Appalachians on the west side of the Blue Ridge Mountains, in northwestern Virginia and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia.

The Shenandoah Valley sits on limestone. The fertile soil made it an attractive place for early settlement. It continues to be a major agricultural area of Virginia and West Virginia. 

Some karst topography is evident, and the limestone has a great number of caves. Several have been developed as commercial tourist attractions. These include Luray Caverns, Shenandoah Caverns, and the Skyline Caverns.

On the riverbank a few miles above Harpers Ferry, West Virginia is said to be a cave with an opening just large enough for a rider on horseback to squeeze through. It widened in the interior to a spacious room where hundreds of Col. John Mosby's raiding troops are said to have hidden from pursuing Union cavalry.

Ittigen

Ittigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The municipality was formed in 1983 when it and Ostermundigen were separated from territory once part of Bolligen.
Since 1991, Ittigen expanded its source of budget to the highway resting site parking fees. The well known example is the resting site Grauholz. As it is very pioneeric economic area, world rare and extraordinary, at the same time but controversy, it has been published in several newspaper articles. The municipality maintains the income source up to nowadays.


Langnau bei Reiden

Langnau bei Reiden is a village and former municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006 the former municipalities of Langnau bei Reiden and Richenthal merged into the municipality of Reiden.

Kottwil

Kottwil is a village and former municipality of the district of Willisau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Since 2006, it is part of the municipality of Ettiswil.

Dixon S. Miles

Dixon Stansbury Miles (May 4, 1804–September 16, 1862) was an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He commanded a division in the First Battle of Bull Run. He was the commander of the Federal arsenal at Harpers Ferry during the Battle of Harpers Ferry. He died from shrapnel wounds the day after the Union garrison surrendered.

Miles was born in Baltimore, Maryland on May 4, 1804. He was a cadet at the United States Military Academy at West Point from June 24, 1819, to July 1, 1824. He was commissioned a brevet second lieutenant in the 7th Infantry Regiment. Nine years later Miles was promoted to first lieutenant in 1833 and captain in 1836. He served as Assistant Quartermaster from January 16, 1839 to September 30, 1845. In 1846, he served in the Mexican–American War. At the Siege of Fort Texas he was cited for Gallantry and "Meritorious Conduct" in the defense of Fort Texas and was promoted to the rank of major.

Miles had achieved the rank of Colonel by 1859. He was stationed at Fort Leavenworth in Kansas when the Civil War began. He was sent to Virginia and placed in command of an infantry brigade under Major general Robert Patterson. Then he was given command of a division under Brigadier general Irvin McDowell. He was at First Battle of Bull Run, but his division was held in reserve. He was then accused of being drunk at the battle. A Court of Inquiry was held and he was found guilty. A court-martial was not held. But Miles was not given another command until March 1862.

At the time he was assigned to the Harpers Ferry Armory, he was 58 years old; the oldest colonel in the Union Army. Miles arrived to take command in the spring of 1862. In 1861 the armory had been burned by Confederates. The town's remaining houses, mills and churches served as hospitals, barracks and stables. Most of the population was gone. But it was still an important base of supply for the Union. By September 1862, Miles had 14,000 men at Harpers Ferry. On September 12, 1862 Brigadier general Julius White arrived. But because he had no military experience, Colonel Miles remained in command. On September 5, Miles had been given very specific orders by his superior, Major general John E. Wool, "you will not abandon Harpers Ferry without defending it to the last extremity." As if the message was not specific enough, Wool sent another saying "there must be no abandoning of a post, and shoot the first man that thinks of it". Miles wired back saying he was ready for them. But for some reason Miles insisted on keeping most of the troops near the town instead of taking up commanding positions on the surrounding heights. 

As Confederate General Robert E. Lee moved North in his Maryland Campaign of 1862, he split his forces. Lee sent Major General (CSA) Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson to capture and hold Harpers Ferry. His troops found the heights unguarded and placed artillery in a position to bombard the town. Early on September 15, Miles gathered his officers together. They were surrounded and nearly out of ammunition. At around 9:00 a.m., white flags were raised by the Union troops indicating their surrender. A few minutes later a Confederate shell exploded mortally wounding Miles. He died the next day. General White, the second in command, arranged for the surrender. It was the largest capture of Union soldiers during the war. Jackson captured over 12,700 men, 13,000 arms and 47 artillery pieces. Miles was blamed for the surrender.

Monte Vettore

Monte Vettore (; "victorious") is a mountain on the border between Umbria and the Marche, in Central Italy.

It is the highest mountain in the Marche region and in the province of Ascoli Piceno.

The mountain is part of the Sibillini Mountains (), a mountain group in Italy, part of the central Apennines between eastern Umbria and the Marche. It is in the "Sibillini Mountains National Park" ().

Below the peak, in a small enclosed U-shaped valley is one lake called the "Lago di Pilato", at an altitude of . Even if it is a small lake ( in diameter), it is important for biologists; a fresh water shrimp, "Chirocephalus marchesonii", is endemic to this lake.

Today climbers reach it from the Umbrian side from Norcia, a town and "comune" in the province of Perugia (Italy) in southeastern Umbria or, on the Marche side, from Ascoli Piceno.



2016 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2016 Stanley Cup finals is the 123rd Stanley Cup trophy presentations as well as the champions of the 2015-16 NHL season. It featured the Pittsburgh Penguins and the San Jose Sharks. This was the Sharks first ever appearance in a Stanley Cup final and the Penguins 5th time in a Stanley Cup finals.

The Penguins beat the Sharks winning the series in game 6 at SAP Center, 3-1.

Years in boldface under the "Finals appearance" column signify the player won the Stanley Cup in the given year.

List of Italian regions by highest point

This is a list of Italian regions by highest point.

ˈ

Hochdorf District

Hochdorf is a district of the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The capital is the municipality of Hochdorf.

It contains the following municipalities:


Howards End

Howards End is a novel by E. M. Forster, first published in 1910. it is about social conventions, personal relationships and conflicting values in Edwardian England.

Some people think "Howards End" was Forster's best piece of work. In 1998, the Modern Library ranked "Howards End" 38th on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. It was adapted into a film in 1992 starring Anthony Hopkins, Vanessa Redgrave, Emma Thompson, and Helena Bonham Carter. It was directed by James Ivory. It was nominated for 9 Academy Awards and won 3 Academy Awards.

Jaberg

Jaberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Jegenstorf

Jegenstorf (Bernese German: "Jegischtorf") is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipality of Ballmoos merged into the municipality of Jegenstorf. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Münchringen and Scheunen merged into the municipality of Jegenstorf.


Kallnach

Kallnach () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Niederried bei Kallnach merged into the municipality of Kallnach and on 1 January 2019, the former municipality of Golaten merged into the municipality of Kallnach.


Kandergrund

Kandergrund is a municipality in the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Kandersteg

Kandersteg is a municipality in the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is along the valley of the river Kander, west of the Jungfrau massif.


Altwis

Altwis was a municipality in Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Altwis became a part of Hitzkirch.

Bouillabaisse

Bouillabaisse is a French fisherman's soup. This traditional Provençal fish stew originated in the port of Marseille. The word is a compound of "bolhir" (to boil) and "abaissar" (to reduce heat, i.e., simmer).

It was a stew made by Marseille fishermen using the bony rockfish they were unable to sell. As well as fish, the soup has mussels (fr: "moules") and may have other marine invertebrates. Vegetables such as leeks, onions, tomatoes, celery, and potatoes are simmered together with the broth and served with the fish.

The broth is traditionally served with a rouille, a mayonnaise made of olive oil, garlic, saffron, and cayenne pepper on grilled slices of bread.

In Marseille, the broth is served first in a soup plate with slices of bread and "rouille", then the fish is served separately on a large platter (see image). A simpler version has the fish and broth brought to the table separately and served together in large soup plates.

Sword Art Online

"Sword Art Online" was commercially successful. According to Oricon, SAO was the top selling light novel series of 2012. More than 16 million copies of the light novel has been printed. The novel was later acted into a Japanese Anime.

An anime television series titled "Sword Art Online" aired in Japan between July and December 2012. It was produced by A-1 Pictures. Its second season called "Sword Art Online II" aired between July and December 2014. The third season of the anime titled "Sword Art Online: Alicization" premiered on October 7, 2018.

Salade niçoise

Salade niçoise is a salad from the district of Nice. It has tomatoes, tuna, hard-boiled eggs, olives, and anchovies. It is dressed with a vinaigrette. It is served with or without a bed of lettuce. The tuna may be cooked or canned.

The salad may include raw red peppers, shallots, artichoke hearts and other seasonal raw vegetables. It does not have cooked vegetables (like green beans and potatoes) which are often served in variations of salade niçoise around the world.

In French cuisine, raw vegetables served as appetisers are known as "crudités".

Light novel

A is a type of Japanese novel. It is mainly intended for young adults to read. They are sometimes adapted into manga and anime.

Ballwil

Ballwil is a municipality of the district Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Punitive damages

Punitive damages are a remedy given by a court of equity in a lawsuit. It is used when a court believes that the defendant needs more punishment to be reformed or stopped from doing the action that caused them to be sued. 

Ilze Jaunalksne

Ilze Jaunalksne is a Latvian journalist for a television news program. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Jaualksne reported on political corruption and buying votes. She won a court case against the government.

Kappelen

Kappelen () is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Samia al-Amoudi

Samia al-Amoudi () is a Saudi Arabian doctor. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In 2006 al-Amoudi learned she had breast cancer. She fought the cancer and broke the silence about this women's health problem.

Al-Amoudi is an associate professor at King Abdulaziz University in Jeddah and a consultant obstetrician gynecologist. She is also the head of the Women's Health Empowerment Scientific chair for women's health rights.

In 2013 King Abdullah named al-Amouid to the board of directors of the Union for International Cancer Control in Geneva, Switzerland.


Al-Amoudi wrote several books.

Gurzelen

Gurzelen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Kaufdorf

Kaufdorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Battle of South Mountain

The Battle of South Mountain was fought on September 14, 1862 in Maryland’s South Mountain between Confederate and Union forces. The Battle of South Mountain was a very important battle. It was the first major battle fought north of the Potomac River. It was the first invasion of the Northern United States by a Confederate Army. It was also here and not at Antietam where the Confederates under General Robert E. Lee were defeated and turned back. The day-long pitched battle was fought for control of the three passes through the mountain: Crampton's, Turner's, and Fox's Gaps.

During the summer of 1862, the hopes of the Union that the rebellion could be easily crushed were quickly fading. In July, Major General George B. McClellan failed in his attempt to capture the Southern capital at Richmond, Virginia. Near the end of August, the Second Battle of Bull Run was another defeat for the Union. Shortly after the battle, Lee made his plans to invade the north. Lee led his Army of Northern Virginia into Maryland on September 4, 1862. Lee thought that if he took the Civil War to the Union states, a major victory might convince Great Britain and France to support the South. He also thought it would make the North sue for peace. This would insure the Confederate States of America could remain an independent country.

McClellan remained in command of the Army of the Potomac even though he had failed to support Major General John Pope at the Second Battle of Bull Run. When Lee entered Maryland, in a rare exception to his usual slowness, McClellan moved more quickly to cut him off. Unknown to Lee at the time, a Union soldier had found a copy of Special Order 191. This was Lee's plan to split up his army. McClellan learned Lee had sent General Stonewall Jackson to attack and hold the Harpers Ferry Armory. The information gave McClellan the chance to destroy Lee's army while it was still weakened by Jackson's attack on Harpers Ferry. McClellan learned of Lee's plan on September 13. He boasted "Here is a paper with which if I cannot whip Bobbie Lee, I will be willing to go home." He also sent a telegram to President Lincoln where he wrote, "I have all the plans of the rebels, and will catch them in their own trap if my men are equal to the emergency." But McClellan waited another 18 hours before acting. This delay allowed Lee more time to collect all the elements of his army. As Lee had moved into Maryland, he left detachments to guard two of the passes through South Mountain, Crampton's Gap and Turner's Gap. These were the two most important routes through the 50-mile long South Mountain. Had McClellan moved a little faster, he would have caught Lee's army scattered on the other side of the mountain.

On September 14, the battle took place on three gaps. A few Confederate regiments guarded the two northern gaps, Turner's and Fox's and Crampton's Gap to the south. The Union army advanced from the east and attacked in two waves. The first wave attacked Fox's Gap at about 9 am. Early in the afternoon the second wave hit both Fox's and Turner's Gaps at the same time. Crampton's Gap was attacked in the late afternoon.

The distance between Crampton's and Turner's Gaps is about six miles. The terrain between them made each part of the battle a separate fight. The fighting went on all day at Turner's Gap and all afternoon at Crampton's Gap. Turner's Gap was fought on a larger scale, was more costly and took longer than the other actions. This delaying action was also a large deception by the Confederate forces. The Union forces thought the mountain was swarming with Confederates when in fact only one division guarded the passes until later in the afternoon. Union forces could have easily swept them aside had they known how few there actually were.

McClellan's concentrating his attack on the Confederates on South Mountain meant he did not help the garrison at the Battle of Harpers Ferry. From having a copy of Lee's Special Order 191, McClellan knew Jackson was attacking the Union Forces at Harpers Ferry. What little help he did send arrived too late to prevent the surrender. It also gave Lee the time he needed to gather his forces together at Sharpsburg, Maryland. Had McClellan moved faster and more decisively, the costly Battle of Antietam might never have taken place. Confederate losses for the day amounted to 2,700 soldiers. The Union losses were 2,300 dead or wounded. The Confederates were able to delay McClellan's forces by fiercely defending the gaps. This gave Lee precious time to regroup and move on to Sharpsburg where the Battle of Antietam pitted the two armies against each other again. The battle of South Mountain, however, forced Lee to give up his plans for invading the North and caused him to have to defend his army.

The Civil War Trust (a division of the American Battlefield Trust) and its partners have acquired and preserved 647 acres of the South Mountain battlefield. 


Mariya Ahmed Didi

Mariya Ahmed Didi is a Maldivian representative in the parliament. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In March 2006, the police arrested a female activist at her house late at night, so Didi organized the first women's rights protest in Maldives. 

Kehrsatz

Kehrsatz is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Kernenried

Kernenried is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is west of Burgdorf and north-northeast of Berne.


Kienersrüti

Kienersrüti was a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipality of Kienersrüti merged into the municipality of Uttigen.

Hal Robson-Kanu

Thomas Henry Alex "Hal" Robson-Kanu (born on 21 May 1989 in Acton, England, United Kingdom) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger. He currently doesn't play for any club, but has been playing for the Wales national football team since 2010. He has played for England's youth squads, but decided to play for Wales in 2010. He played his first match with Wales against Austria on 18 May 2010.

Hal Robson-Kanu has played with Arsenal, Reading, Southend United on loan and Swindon Town on loan. He won the Football League Championship with Reading during the 2011–12 season.


Neil Taylor (footballer)

Neil John Taylor (born 7 February 1989 in St Asaph, Clwyd, Wales) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a defender. He currently plays for the Premier League club Swansea City and the Wales national football team. He has also played for Manchester City and Wrexham. He is mother is from India, and he is one of the few British Asians in professional football. He was included in Wale's squad for the UEFA Euro 2016.


Burak Yılmaz

Burak Yılmaz (born 15 July 1985 in Antalya, Turkey) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a striker. Since August 2020, he has played for Lille OSC, previously playing for Beijing Guoan. He also plays for the Turkey national team. He has also played for all of the big four clubs in the Turkey: Beşiktaş, Fenerbahçe, Trabzonspor and Galatasaray; along with Antalyaspor, Manisaspor and Eskişehirspor.

He scored his first goal against Karşıyaka during the 2004–05 season.

He is the son of retired goalkeeper Fikret Yılmaz.


Birkir Bjarnason

Birkir Bjarnason (born on 27 May 1988 in Akureyri, Iceland) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder. He currently plays for the Swiss club of FC Basel and the Iceland national team. In his homeland he is nicknamed Thor.

He has also played for Viking FK, FK Bodø/Glimt, Standard Liège, Delfino Pescara 1936 and Sampdoria. He won the Swiss Super League with Basel in 2016.

He was included in Iceland's squad for the UEFA Euro 2016. On 14 June 2016, he scored Iceland's first goal at a major tournament. It was against Portugal, and the game ended in a draw.


Arnór Ingvi Traustason

Arnór Ingvi Traustason (born 30 April 1993) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays for Swedish club IFK Norrköping as a midfielder. He has also played for Knattspyrnudeild Keflavík, Sandnes Ulf, IFK Norrköping, SK Rapid Wien, A.E.K. Athens F.C., Malmö FF, and New England Revolution. He was called the most promising player of the 2013 Úrvalsdeild season.

He also plays for the Iceland national football team. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad. On 22 June 2016, he scored against Austria at the 90th minute to win the match for Iceland and send them to the Round of 16.

He won the Allsvenskan with IFK Norrköping in 2015.


Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar

Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar (English: "Hafnarfjörður Gymnastics Club"; usually just called FH) is an Icelandic sports club from Hafnarfjörður. The club competes in football, handball, track and field, and fencing. The men's football team has been one of the most successful Icelandic teams since the early-2000s. They recently won the 2015 Úrvalsdeild.

The club was founded in 1928 as a gymnastics club. FH has since moved into other sports. FH were promoted to the Úrvalsdeild in football for the first time in 1979. After moving up and down through the league system, they finally were promoted to the Úrvalsdeild again in 2000. They won their first Úrvalsdeild title in 2004.

They went on to win the Úrvalsdeild six more times, the Icelandic cup twice, Icelandic league cup six times and the Icelandic super cup six times. They also made multiple appearances in European tournaments.

The team's colours are white and black.


San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge

The San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge is a series of bridges across San Francisco Bay in the U.S. state of California. It is part of Interstate 80 in California. 

It has two spans over water. The western span is a suspension bridge. The eastern span is a self-anchored suspension bridge. The eastern span used to be a cantilever bridge but it was removed once the new bridge opened. The cantilever span was destroyed in the 1989 Loma Prieta Earthquake, which is one of the reasons why the Eastern span was replaced. 

The western span is a double suspension bridge with two decks. Westbound traffic is carried on the upper deck and eastbound on the lower deck. The new east span is a single deck with the eastbound and westbound lanes on each side. It is the world's widest bridge.

Vestmannaeyjar

Vestmannaeyjar (sometimes called the Westman Islands) is a town and archipelago off the south coast of Iceland.

The largest island, Heimaey, has a population of 4,135. The other islands are uninhabited.

The town was evacuated in 1973 because of the Eldfell eruption. The eruption destroyed one fifth of the town before the lava flow was stopped by putting 1.5 billion gallons (6.8 billion litres) of cold water on it.

The islands are named after the Gaelic slaves who had been captured by the Norsemen. The Old Norse word, "Vestmenn" (meaning Westmen), was applied to the slaves and was retained in Icelandic.

After Ingólfr Arnarson first arrived in Iceland, his brother Hjörleifr Hróðmarsson was murdered by the Gaelic slaves. In response, he tracked the slaves down to the islands are murdered all of them, hence the name Vestmannaeyjar (the islands of the west men).

On 16 July 1627, the islands were captured by a group of North African pirates who stayed there until 19 July. They were under control of the Ottomans. The pirates captured 234 people from the islands and took them on a 27-day voyage to Algiers, where most of them spent their life under bondage. One of the prisoners, minister Ólafur Egilsson, returned in 1628 to the islands and wrote a book about his experience. In 1636, a ransom was paid for 34 of the captives, and most of them returned to Iceland. After this, a fort was built on the Helgafell volcano to keep watch for ships.

For centuries, the people who lived on the islands survived from fishing and eating birds and their eggs. At the end of the 19th century, the lifestyle of the islanders greatly improved. In 1904, the first motorised boat was purchased, and more followed soon afterwards. By 1930, the population had risen from 600 in 1900 to 3,470. The islands have since been known for being a great fishing and sea processing developer.

In 2000, the Norwegian government gifted Iceland with the Heimaey stave church. This was to celebrate the conversion of Iceland to Christianity a thousand years earlier.

The Vestmannaeyjar archipelago is geologically young. They have been formed by eruptions over the past 10,000–12,000 years. The volcanic system is made up of 70–80 volcanoes.



Total: 16.3 square kilometres (6.3 sq mi)

There are a total of 15 islands, and about 30 rock stacks and skerries. All islands were formed from underwater eruptions and are made up of palagonite tuff and lava. The oldest island is Heimaey ("Home Island"). Basalt columns can be seen in many places, along with coves caused by soft rock erosion.

The Eldfell eruption caused Heimaey to grow by about 2.1 square kilometres (0.81 sq mi). The highest point in Vestmannaeyjar is at around 900 feet on the Heimaey island.

There is little snow in Vestmannaeyjar, but plenty of rain. Because of this, migrating birds are often seen in spring and leave during autumn. All of Iceland's seabirds can be found in Vestmannaeyjar: the guillemot, gannet, kittiwake, Iceland gull, and puffin. The puffin is the Vestmannaeyjar emblem, and can be seen all around the island.

There are about 150 plant species on the island, along with 80 types of insects. The waters around the island have some of the North Atlantic's richest fishing grounds. The two main commercially used fish in Iceland, the cod and haddock, are found in great amounts near the island. Other types of fish near the islands include flatfish, herring, capelin, lobsters and ocean perch. Seals, small types of whales and other marine species are also present in large numbers around the islands.

The islands receive a lot of rain considering its latitude. Vestmannaeyjar has a tundra climate (closely bordering the subpolar oceanic climate) under the Köppen climate classification. There is a lot of wind on the islands. The highest wind speed recorded in Iceland (61 metres per second;140 mph) was recorded at the southern point of the Heimaey island. However, the island enjoys the highest annual temperature in Iceland.



List of comuni of the Province of Ascoli Piceno

The following is a list of the 33 "comuni" of the Province of Ascoli Piceno, Marche, in Italy.

2015–16 Golden State Warriors season

The 2015-16 Golden State Warriors season was the 70th season for the team as well as the National Basketball Association, and its 54th in San Francisco, California. They entered the season as defending champions and made history as the first 73 win 9 loss team, only behind the Michael Jordan-led 72-10 Bulls.

In the playoffs, they defeated the dysfunctional Houston Rockets (41 wins 41 losses), who they played last year in the WCF'S in 5 games, the Portland Trail Blazers (44 wins 38 losses), also in 5 games, and the Kevin Durant/Russell Westbrook lead Oklahoma City Thunder (55 wins 27 losses) in 7 games. The Warriors however trailed the Thunder 3-1, looking like they were going to be eliminated but however, the Warriors won game 5 120-111, game 6 108-101, and in game 7 96-88. The Warriors became the 10th team to win the series when down 3-1, after last year's Houston Rockets. They would meet the Cleveland Cavaliers again in the NBA Finals. The Warriors were up 3-1 in the series following a game 4 97-108 victory at Quicken Loans Arena. However, they lost game 5 at home 97-112, game 6 101-115, and a game 7 champion decider 89-93. They would become the 11th team to lose while up 3-1 and the first to do it in the NBA Finals. They also became the first playoff team to overcome a 3-1 deficit and blow a 3-1 lead in the same playoff year.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> – Recorded statistics when playing for Golden State

San Mateo–Hayward Bridge

The San Mateo–Hayward Bridge (commonly called the San Mateo Bridge) is a bridge crossing the U.S. state of California's San Francisco Bay. It provides a link of the San Francisco Peninsula with the East Bay. The bridge's west end is in Foster City, a suburb on the eastern edge of San Mateo. The east end of the bridge is in Hayward. It is the longest bridge in California and the 25th longest in the world. The bridge is owned by the state of California, and is maintained by Caltrans, the state highway agency. It is also managed by the Bay Area Toll Authority.

The bridge is part of State Route 92, whose western end is at Half Moon Bay on the Pacific coast. It links Interstate 880 in the East Bay with U.S. Route 101 on the Peninsula. It is roughly parallel to and lies between the San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge and the Dumbarton Bridge. Drivers sometimes use it to avoid traffic delays on the other two bridges.

Drivers have to pay a toll when they drive west on the bridge (from Hayward to San Mateo). Tolls are collected at a toll plaza on the east side of the bridge. All toll is collected electronically since 2020. Drivers can use the FasTrak electronic toll collection device, pay online, or pay automatically when a machine scans their license plate. Since 2022, the toll rate for passenger cars is $7.


Heimaey

Heimaey (English: "Home Island") is an island in Iceland. It is the largest island in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago (at 13.4 square kilometres or 5.2 sq mi.) The island is 7.4 kilometers (4.6 miles) away from the south coast of Iceland. It is the only populated island in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago, with a population of 4,500 people.


Kolbeinn Sigþórsson

Kolbeinn Sigþórsson (born 14 March 1990 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays as a striker. He plays for the French club FC Nantes and the Iceland national football team. He has also played for Knattspyrnufélagið Víkingur, Handknattleiksfélag Kópavogs, AZ Alkmaar, AFC Ajax and Jong Ajax. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad.



Rúnar Kristinsson

Rúnar Kristinsson (born 5 September 1969 in Reykjavik, Iceland) is an Icelandic former association football midfielder who played for Lokeren, Lillestrøm SK, Örgryte IS and KR Reykjavík. He's currently the manager of the Norwegian club Lillestrøm.

He first began playing football at the small club of Leiknir, before he started practicing at KR Reykjavík, Iceland's largest club. He spent most of his youth career at KR Reykjavik. His skill attracted interest from foreign clubs, and he eventually went to the Swedish club of Örgryte IS in 1995. Halfway through the season, he moved to Lillestrøm SK in Norway. Rúnar was a success there, and moved to K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen in Belgium in 2000.

He decided to move back to KR Reykjavík in 2007 to finish off his career. He took over as head coach at KR halfway through the 2010 season and managed the team for four seasons. During that time, KR Reykjavík won two league titles (2011 and 2013) and three cup titles (2011, 2012 and 2014). Rúnar left KR November 2014, to manage his former club Lillestrøm SK.

He has made a record 104 appearances for Iceland, along with 3 goals. He was captain of the team in 11 matches, but retired from international football in 2004.




Kingdom of Iceland

The Kingdom of Iceland (Icelandic: "Konungsríkið Ísland"; Danish: "Kongeriget Island") was a constitutional monarchy that had a personal union with Denmark. The kingdom was created on 1 December 1918. It lasted until 17 June 1944 when a national referendum created the Republic of Iceland.

The Act of Union, signed on 1 December 1918, allowed Iceland to create its own flag, declared its neutrality and asked Denmark to help with its foreign affairs and defense interests.

The Nazi German occupation of Denmark in the early-1940s broke off their communications. As a result, the Althing named themselves the head of state and said that Iceland would no longer need Denmark's help. The island was later occupied by British and American forces. This lasted until World War II ended.

The monarchy held an constitutional referendum from 20 and 23 May 1944. The option to establish a new republican constitution won with 98.5% of the vote. Christian X of Denmark sent a message of congratulations to the Icelandic people.

Steyr AUG

The AUG (Armee-Universal-Gewehr—"universal army rifle") is an Austrian bullpup 5.56×45mm NATO assault rifle. It was designed in 1977 by Steyr Mannlicher GmbH & Co KG (formerly Steyr-Daimler-Puch).


Emmen, Switzerland

Emmen is a city in Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Kiesen

Kiesen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Xiumin

Kim Min-seok (born March 26, 1990) known by his artistic name Xiumin is a singer, dancer, model and actor South Korean. He is a member of the boy band EXO.

Xiumin was born in Guri, Gyeonggi, South Korea on March 26, 1990. He was a student of the Catholic Kwandong University where he attended a seminar and gave a presentation to students of applied music. Xiumin attended at the same school in where studying Dongwoo of INFINITE.

Xiumin is trained in martial arts and is competent in Kendo, Wushu, Taekwondo and fencing.

In 2008, at the age of 18, he joined S.M. Entertainment after winning second place in S.M. Everysing Contest. Xiumin was the seventh member to be revealed as a member of the EXO group after making a teaser set with Kai on January 26, 2012.

In 2013, Xiumin appeared in the video for "Gone" by Lovelyz's Jin, with to the actress Kim Yoo-jung.

In January 2015, the acted in the musical S.M. Entertainment "School Oz" acting the role of Aquila along with f(x)'s Luna, Shinee's Key, fellow Suho, TVXQ's Changmin and Red Velvet's Seulgi.

In October, 2015, Xiumin was the main protagonist of the web-drama "Falling for Challenge" together with Kim So-eun. He released the "You Are The One" OST for the drama.


Kirchberg, Bern

Kirchberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Mama

Mama (stylized as MAMA) is the first mini-album of South Korean band EXO, produced and released by S.M. Entertainment on April 9, 2012. It has two editions: by EXO-K Korean version and the Chinese version by EXO-M. The album made its debut at position number one on Gaon Chart.

The album was produced by Lee Soo-man, who is also the main producer of the group. The title of the album is a term that is commonly used in Korea in one person in the family, similar to "your Highness" or "your Majesty". The main single was composed by Yoo Young-jin, who is also the co-author of other singles of the mini album, "What Is Love" and "History"


Oh Se-hun

Oh Se-hun (hangul: 오세훈; hanja: 吳世勳; born April 12, 1994 in Seoul) better known by the mononym Sehun is a South Korean singer, rapper, dancer, model and actor. Since 2012, he is a member of the boy band EXO under S.M. Entertainment.

Sehun was born in Jungnang-gu, Seoul, South Korea on April 12, 1994. He was discovered by a talent agent when he was twelve years old. He joined SM Entertainment after a successful audition on Casting System in 2008.

He was introduced as a Exo's member on January 10, 2012. In april. It officially debuted with the extended play, "Mama". Still in April, along with Baekhyun, Chanyeol and Kai, appeared in the video of Girls' Generation-TTS's debut song. On August 17, 2012, he performed with his labelmate, BoA at "Music Bank" as a dancer in the song "Only One," after Yunho, Eunhyuk and Taemin. In July 2013, he starred in the second episode of the sitcom "Royal Villa", along with Chanyeol. In August 2014, he starred in the remake of the music video for "Yo!" made for "". In March 2015, appeared in the music video of Donghae & Eunhyuk's song, "Can You Feel It?". In April of the same year, she starred alongside the other EXO members the web series "EXO Next Door", also starring actress Moon Ga-young. In May of 2015, appeared in the music video of BoA's "Who Are You?".

In March 2016, Sehun was confirmed as the male lead in the Korean-Chinese film "Catman", playing Liang Qu. In July 2016, he was introduced as the male lead in the Korean-Chinese web-drama "Dear Archimedes". In September 2017, he was confirmed as a cast member at the Netflix variety show, "Busted!". In February of 2018, he obtained his role as protagonist of "Dokgo Rewind", where he plays two twins: Kang Hyuk, a wrestler and Kang Hoo, a shy student. In June 2018, he starred in the web drama "Secret Queen Makers", produced by Lotte Duty Free. On September 14, he released "We Young" along with Chanyeol as part of Station X 0.

In January 2016, UNICEF and Louis Vuitton have teamed up for the Make a Promise campaign, Irene Bae and Sehun as role models on the February cover of CeCi magazine. For this campaign, 40 percent of the profits of Louis Vuitton silver bracelet and necklace Sehun and Irene used in the magazine will go to UNICEF to help children in need. Sehun said: "I want to buy treats for the children and help them not lose hope." Irene added: "I want to continue to participate in campaigns like 'make a promise' to help the children."


Kai

Kim Jong-in (born January 14, 1994) better known by his stage name Kai is a South Korean singer, model, actor, and dancer. He is a member of the boy band Exo. He began his acting career at "Choco Bank" in February 2016, playing Kim Eun-haeng. He debuted as solo artist in 2020 Nov 30th with the extended play "KAI", which holds world record for most #1 on iTunes Worldwide for an extended play for a solo artist. A year later on the same exact day, he released his 2nd EP "Peaches".

Kai was born in Suncheon, South Jeolla, South Korea on January 14, 1994. He is the younger brother of three children, began dancing when he was eight years old and did jazz and ballet for four years. Kai joined SM Entertainment in 2007 after winning the 10th S.M. Youth Best Contest when he was 13 years old.

In 2008, he made a brief appearance on TVXQ's song "HaHaHa Song" together with Suho and Chanyeol.

Kai was the first Exo's member to be formally presented to the public on December 23, 2011. Along with Luhan, Chen and Tao made their first television performance at the SBS Gayo Daejun event on December 29 of the same year. In April. It officially debuted with the extended play, "Mama". Still in April, along with Baekhyun, Chanyeol and Sehun, appeared in the video of Girls' Generation-TTS's debut song "Twinkle". On October 16, it was announced that he would participate in the 6-member dance group Younique Unit, alongside Eunhyuk, Hyoyeon, Taemin, Henry Lau and Luhan performing the song "Maxstep" for the album "PYL Younique Album", being an album collaboration between SM Entertainment and Hyundai. A video teaser of the song was shown on the "PYL Younique Show" the next day. In December 2012, along with Lay, Yunho, Eunhyuk, Donghae, Minho and Taemin, they formed the SM performance group The Performance. The group's first appearance was at the SBS Gayo Daejun event on December 29, with the release of the single "Spectrum" the next day.


Suho

Kim Jun-myeon (born May 22, 1991), better known by his stage name Suho, is a South Korean singer-songwriter and actor. He is a member of the South Korean boy band EXO.

Suho was born on May 22, 1991 in Seoul, South Korea. He joined S.M. Entertainment through S.M. Casting System when he was 15 years old. He spent seven years there but was inactive for a year because he had injured his leg. He attended Seoul Performing Arts High School and Korea National University of Arts.

He was the ninth member to be revealed on February 14, 2012 as the leader of EXO subunit; EXO- K. He appeared in the teaser number 16 with his bandmate D.O.

He began acting in 2007. He had a part in the Movie Super Junior "Attack on the Pin-Up Boys" as an extra. He appeared in the music video of TVXQ's "HAHAHA Song" in 2008. In 2013, he was in the drama "Prime Minister and I" as Han Tae-woong in episodes 10 and 12. In the same year, he was a voice actor in "Saving Santa" with Eunji of Apink, From February 2014 to December of 2013, he was the host of the musical program "Inkigayo" along with his bandmate Baekhyun.

In January 2015, Suho played the role of Hans in the musical "School Oz." It was produced by S.M. EntertainmentHis bandmate Xiumin and several S.M. artists including Key, Luna and Seulgi also performed .

In April 2015, he starred in the movie "Glory Days" as Ji-soo and Shinwa's member Dongwan.

From April 10 to May 1, 2015, Suho was on the KBS television program "Fluttering India" with other artists including Kyuhyun, Minho, Sungkyu and Lee Jong-hyun.

In February 2016, Suho made ​​a special appearance in the music video of Jo Kwon. It was their debut single as a solo singer, "Crossroad". In April of the same year, it was announced that Suho be a part of the web drama "How Are You Bread". The series was broadcast in Korea and China during the middle of 2016.


Lay Zhang

Zhāng Yìxīng (hangul: 장이씽; hanja: 张艺兴; born in Changsha on October 7, 1991) better known by his stage name Lay (hangul: 레이) is a Chinese rapper, singer, songwriter, dancer and actor. He became known after participating in a television program called "Star Academy" in 2005. He joined in EXO on January 2012, as main dancer, lead vocalist, sub rapper and visual member. In September of 2015, he published his autobiography, titled "Standing Firm At 24", beating records of book sold more in its pre-sale.

Lay was born on October 7, 1991 in Changsha, Hunan, China. His first television role was at the age of six starring as Huan Huan in "We The People" in 1998. In 2000, when he was nine years old, he participated in a Chinese television program as a member of the fan club of actor and singer Jimmy Lin, giving him his first contact with the entertainment industry. Lay began his career as a local children's star in Hunan province, after winning third place in a contest organized by the popular television program "Star Academy" in 2005. He also appeared in an episode of "Yue Ce Yue Xin Kai" and the variety show of Liu Na, "Na Ke Bu Yi Yang" between 2005 and 2006. In April 2006, he auditioned for the series "The Duke of Mount Deer" directed by Zhang Jizhong. Despite being one of the finalists, he did not win the role. In 2008, Lay joined S.M. Entertainment after a successful audition in Changsha. At the time of the auditions, he was sixteen and was studying for his university entrance exams when he had become an apprentice, so he moved to Korea to begin his training. Prior to that, he studied at High School Attached to Hunan Normal University, where he had been presented as an exceptional student for his achievements.

In 2011, before debuting with EXO, he worked briefly with SHINee during the concert tour, replacing Jonghyun in her dance performance.

Lay became the sixth member of EXO and was formally presented to the public on January 17, 2012, debuting as the fourth Chinese member of the EXO-M subunit. Following the release of the singles "What Is Love" and "History" in 2012, he and the other eleven members celebrated their pre-debut showcase at the Seoul Olympic Stadium on March 31, and a second showcase and press conference in Beijing at the Great Hall of the Beijing University of Business and International Economics. The group officially debuted on April 8, 2012 with their song titled "Mama", and EXO-M's first performance in China was at the 12th Yinyue Fengyun Bang Awards.

In December 2012, Lay joined the musical project S.M. the Performance, along with his bandmate Kai and his colleagues Yunho, Eunhyuk, Donghae, Minho and Taemin. On December 29, the group performed the single "Spectrum", which was released the next day, in "2012 SBS Gayo Daejeon".

In early 2014, Lay composed and performed the song "I'm Lay" for his solo performance during the first EXO tour titled The Lost Planet. Later in 2014, he performed another song titled "I'm Coming" on a special end-of-year TV show on Hunan TV.

In April 2015, S.M. Entertainment announced that a personal study had been established for Lay's activities in China. In May 2015, he became a cast member of the Chinese program "Go Fighting!" In June 2015, Lay composed the song "Promise" for the re-release of EXO's second studio album, "Love Me Right". He also wrote the lyrics for the Chinese version of the song, while the Korean version was co-written by Chen and Chanyeol.

On September 18, 2015, the limited edition of his autobiography entitled "Standing Firm At 24" was published, while the standard edition went on sale on October 7. The book documents important events throughout his life and broke several online sales records selling 68,537 copies in the first twenty-four minutes of pre-sale. With less than three months of sale with 1.4 million copies sold, it obtained the fourth place in "The 10th Chinese Celebrity Writers List", released by the influential Chinese media, WCC Daily, Cover News and Great Star Media, becoming in the youngest author to enter the list. He was also the champion of the 2015 Annual Celebrity Book Sales, and ranked first in Asia's Best Books, twice during his monthly ranking and six times for the weekly list. He was also on the Rakuten list, with 400,000 copies sold within six months, and has received much acclaim and praise from readers.

In the same month, he appeared in the film "Kung Fu Yoga", starring Jackie Chan and directed by Stanley Tong, and later as protagonist with his labelmate Krystal in the upcoming film entitled "Unexpected Love", which was postponed for release in August 2017, whose poster was revealed at the Cannes Film Festival.

In November 2015, Lay made his big-screen debut with a supporting role in the Chinese movie "Ex Files 2: The Backup Strikes Back", which was a blockbuster, getting two billion in sales within ten days of its release. He later won the Best Supporting Actor Award at the 2016 China Great Britain Film Festival for his performance. He also wrote and recorded an original soundtrack for the film entitled "Alone (One Person)", which reached number one on Baidu Music Chart, and later won the award for the best original soundtrack at 16th Top Chinese Music Awards and 4th V-Chart Awards. Lay also starred in the Chinese film "Oh My God" and collaborated with his co-stars Coco Jiang Wen and Li Xiaolu on an original soundtrack for the film entitled "Happy Youth", which debuted at number eight on Billboard V Chart.

In January 2016, Lay and the other cast members of "Go Fighting!" they appeared in the Chinese movie "Royal Treasure". In April 2016, he received the Most Popular Newcomer award at the 16th Top Chinese Music Awards. In May 2016, Lay made her debut on the small screen on the Chinese television series "To Be A Better Man" and released a Chinese song titled "Monodrama" as part of "SM Station". Written by Lay and co-composed and arranged with Divine Channel, "Monodrama" broke a record by staying in the first position in YinYueTai VChart for five consecutive weeks. 

In May 2016, Lay starred in the Chinese television drama "The Mystic Nine", a prequel to "The Lost Tomb". The series achieved an unprecedented success, placing first in the television ratings and establishing a record for obtaining several online visits within 24 hours, and has accumulated more than ten billion visits in total. The television series went on to have a secondary story called "The Mystic Nine Side Story: Flowers Bloom" in February, which focused solely on Lay's character, Er Yue Hong.

In October of 2016, Lay's solo career began with the release of "what U need?" as a surprise gift for his fans on his birthday. The song was ranked number one in China V Chart, as well as in "Billboard" World Digital Songs and had entered the top 60 of iTunes, making Lay the first Chinese artist to appear on the list. He performed the song for the first time on October 10 at Asia Song Festival in Busan. On October 28, a day after holding a press conference in Shanghai Town & Country Community, Lay released his first mini-album titled "Lose Control", which contains six songs in Mandarin, and the music video for the single. Lay participated in the production of the album as a producer, and was personally in charge of the composition, arrangement and writing of the lyrics of each song, as well as the translation of the same lyrics in three other languages including English and Japanese. The single "Lose Control" remained in first place in Billboard China V Chart for six consecutive weeks. "Lose Control" broke the record in South Korea by a large majority of sales of a solo artist, with pre-orders surpassing 200,000 copies before the physical album was published, making the number one album in sales. Lay also became the first solo artist to sell more than 40,000 copies of the album within a day and 125,000 after a week of album release. More than a million copies of the digital album have been sold in Xiami. He performed "Lose Control" for the first time on "The Show" on November 15. "Lose Control" was a commercial success reaching first place in Gaon Album Chart.

Later in November, Lay was announced to star in a Chinese remake of the hit Japanese drama television series "Operation Love", which began airing on Dragon TV from April 24, 2017 with 32 episodes.

On January 27, 2017, Zhang made his first appearance at the CCTV Spring Gala Festival and presented alongside Chinese actor Jing Boran. In April of that same year, it was confirmed in the cast of the historical film "The Founding of the Army", released on July 28, 2017 to mark the 90th anniversary of the founding of the People's Liberation Army. In May he released the song "祈愿 (Pray)" for the soundtrack of "Operation Love", reaching the top position in QQ Music. Also in May, he participated in the release ceremony of Huawei Nova 2 at the Hunan International Exhibition and Conference Center, where he expressed his gratitude for his continued appointment as Huawei Nova's ambassador. In July 2017, the variety show "Go Fighting!" premiered its third season, with Zhang in the main cast. He was later revealed as the voice actor of the Chinese dubbing for the main antagonist of the cartoon film "Cars 3". 

A wax sculpture of him in Madame Tussauds had his exhibition on September 8, 2017 in Beijing. On September 17, 2017, it was confirmed to be or protagonist of drama "The Golden Eyes", announced in a pre-release conference. On September 22, S.M. Entertainment revealed a teaser image about his upcoming comeback. On September 25, he released the song "I Need U (需要 你)" as a pre-release track for his first studio album "Lay 02 Sheep", digitally released on October 7, 2017, along with the title track "Sheep (羊)".

On October 10, 2013, the survey on the "Top 10 of Asia's Most Beautiful Men" organized by Youth Entertainment's website reported that Lay ranked at #6 position with more than 27 million votes. In April 2014, Lay was ranked #10 in the annual survey of "The Most Beautiful Man of Asia". In March 2017, the Top Star News did a study to see which hallyu stars were most popular in China between January and February 2017, referring to Weibo hashtags, showing Lay at the top with ten billion views and queries.

Between 2015-2016, Lay was chosen to be the spokesperson for several brands, in particular "Pancoat" and "Mentos" for which he became the first spokesperson in Asia. He also became Asia's first male artist to endorse "Vichy", and China's first endorser for "Planters". In addition to endorsing the "Lay's" brands, "Olay", "Clarisonic", "Kangshifu Ice Tea", "Tide", "Huawei", "AirBender", "Chushou TV", "Tmall" and "Cornetto".

On February 13, 2015, Lay participated in the "LOVE TO GO HOME" community service. The service was carried out by Chinese bicycle company AIMA to help people who were returning home during Lunar New Year holidays on motorcycles. Lay represented all EXO members and handed out hot water bags, handkerchiefs, emergency medicine, ramen, water and toys for everyone. And he also received a plaque from AIMA for help. Lay said: 

On October 7, 2015, Lay fans collected money that was donated on their behalf for the construction of a well and a public toilet in a needy village in Cambodia. On October 6, the fan club "DAILYIXING" posted photos of the finished project, including photos of some of the village residents with a sign thanking Lay and wishing him a happy birthday. In addition, the fan club collected used clothing to donate through the OTCAN charity. They also donated money on behalf of Lay to the Coal Briquettes organization for neighbors in Korea, which helps keep the heat needed in the winter by providing them with charcoal briquettes for their heaters.



Park Chan-yeol

Park Chan-yeol (hangul: 박찬열; hanja: 朴燦烈; born November 27, 1992 in Seoul), better known by mononym Chanyeol, is a South Korean rapper, singer-songwriter, producer, actor and model. He is a member of the South Korean boy band EXO.

Chanyeol was born November 27, 1992 in Seoul, South Korea. After watching the film "School of Rock" in elementary school, Chanyeol became interested in music and began to play drums. During his teenage years, he studied at Hyundai Senior High School in Apgujeong-dong. He participated in the band of his school, Siren. When he was in his first year of high school, Chanyeol formed a band with his best friends, Heavy Noise, having played in it for three years. At the age of sixteen, he was accepted into a private acting university. In the same year, he reached second position Smart Model Contest and became a trainee of S.M. Entertainment. Also in 2008, he participated in the clip "HaHaHa Song" of his companion of company TVXQ. The following year, she appeared in the Japanese version of the video "Genie" of the group Girls' Generation. He went on to dream of being a singer after listening to the song "Unconditional Kismet" of songwriter and music producer Yoo Young-jin.

On February 22, 2012, Chanyeol was officially introduced as one of the twelve members of the original formation of the South Korean-Chinese group EXO. The group debuted on April 8 of the same year with the release of extended play "MAMA". In April 2012, he participated in the music video for the song "Twinkle", debut single from the first sub-unit of Girls 'Generation,Girls' Generation-TTS. In October 2013, Chanyeol joined the cast of SBS's "Law of the Jungle" reality show during filming in Micronesia. He also composed and recorded a soundtrack titled "Last Hunter" for the show.

In 2014, Chanyeol wrote the rap of the Korean version of the "Run" track of EXO's extended extended play, "Overdose", and participated in the debut EPs of his companions Henry and Zhou Mi. In May 2014, he became a regular cast member of the first season of the SBS's "Roommate" reality show. He left the program in September of the same year because of scheduling conflicts.

In April 2015, Chanyeol made his film debut with South Korean film "Salut d'Amour" alongside actress Moon Ga-young, who later co-starred with him on the "EXO Next Door" web drama. In June of 2015, cast-wrote the Korean version of the track "Promise" of the reissue of the success of sales "EXODUS", titled "Love Me Right", next to its companions of group Chen and Lay. He later wrote the rap for "Lightsaber", the EXO promotional single for "", which was later included in the band's extended play "Sing for You".

In April 2016, Chanyeol wrote and performed rap for the song "Confession" of Yesung's debut EP, "Here I Am". On EXO's third studio album, "EX'ACT", released in May 2016, he co-wrote the lyrics for the track "Heaven." In June 2016, Chanyeol starred with actresses Yuan Shanshan and Seohyun in the South Korean-Chinese film "So I Married an Anti-fan". He and Yuan Shanshan also recorded a duet titled "I Hate You" as the soundtrack for the film. In October 2016, Chanyeol and singer Tinashe participated in the song "Freal Luv" by artists Far East Movement and Marshmello. The song, which he helped write and produce, was released on October 14. In December 2016, she collaborated with singer Punch on the song "Stay With Me," part of the soundtrack for the "Goblin" drama.

In January of 2017, Chanyeol participated in the drama "Missing 9". On February 22, he released a duet titled "Let Me Love You" with Junggigo.


Byun Baek-hyun

Byun Baek-hyun (Hangul: 변백현; Hanja:卞白贤; born May 6, 1992) is a South Korean singer, dancer, actor, and TV presenter. He is best known solely by his first name Baekhyun. As a member of the boy band Exo, his role is to dance and sing the most important parts of the songs.

Byun Baek-hyun was born in Bucheon, Gyeonggi Province on May 6, 1992. He has an older brother named Baek-beom. Baek-beom is seven years older than Baek-hyun.

Byun began training to be a singer at age 11. He had been influenced by Rain—another K-pop idol who was most popular in the 2000s. He attended Jungwon High School in Bucheon. He was the lead singer of a band called Coma (상태 상태) there. Coma once won at a local music festival. Kim Hyun-woo (from a rock band called ) eventually gave the young Byun piano lessons.

Byun also had interests outside music. He was a martial artist as a teenager and obtained a black belt in Hapkido.

Baekhyun was discovered by an agent of S.M. Entertainment when he was practicing his admission exams for the . He then joined the company under the S.M. Casting System in 2011.

He and his bandmates Chanyeol and Suho attended . Byun took online classes at the Culture and Arts Department of Business Administration.

Baekhyun was the last member to join Exo. He was the ninth member of the group to be revealed on January 30, 2012.

In February 2014, Baekhyun and Suho became regular hosts for "Inkigayo" — a music show that airs on . They left the program in November to focus on Exo's comeback. In July, Baekhyun ventured into musical theater. He was cast the lead role of Don Lockwood in "Singin' in the Rain." The South Korean production that he was in was done by SM C&C.

In April 2015, Baekhyun released its first song solo since its debut titled "Beautiful" like the soundtrack of the drama "EXO Next Door". The song became the first soundtrack of a web drama that was within the best positions of several musical lists. In May 2015, Baekhyun was announced that it would be the protagonist of the action film "Dokgo" alongside actor Yeo Jin-goo. However, the film's production was announced to be canceled in January 2016. In December 2015, Baekhyun paid a tribute to the late South Korean singer Kim Hyun-sik performing his song "Like Rain Like Music" on "SBS Gayo Daejeon's" end-of-year music program. The recording of a song performed by Baekhyun was digitally published.

In January 2016, Baekhyun and Suzy of Miss A performed a duet entitled "Dream". The song quickly reached the best position in the music charts after it positioned itself in the first place of Gaon Digital Chart. "Dream" also won five times the first place in "Music Bank" and "Inkigayo". In April 2016, Baekhyun received a YinYueTai V-Chart award for being the Most Popular Singer in South Korea. In May 2016, Baekhyun and South Korean singer K.Will released a duet titled "The Day" as part of SM Station.

In August 2016, Baekhyun made his acting debut on the small screen in the historical drama "", a South Korean adaptation of the Chinese novel "Bu Bu Jing Xin". For his performance in the drama, received a prize like New Star in 2016 SBS Drama Awards. He also collaborated with his labelmates Chen and Xiumin on a soundtrack titled "For You" for the drama. In October 2016, along with Chen and Xiumin, Baekhyun became a member of the first official EXO unit, EXO-CBX. His debut was on October 31 with the release of the extended play "Hey Mama!". In November 2016, Baekhyun began to participate S.M. Entertainment's "League of Legends" tournament "2016 S.M. Super Celeb League", where he and his labelmate, Heechul, played with professional players and fans from China and South Korea.

In February 2017, Baekhyun and Soyou of Sistar released a duet titled "Rain" The song peaked at number one on several music charts and achieved an achievement known as "all-kill", making it the first artist of S.M. to achieve an "all-kill" in 2016 and 2017 with "Dream" and "Rain", respectively. In April 2017, Baekhyun released a single titled "Take You Home" for the second season of SM Station. The song was positioned in the twelve position of Gaon Digital Chart.

Notes


Luhan

Lù Hán (born April 20, 1990 in Haidian) better known as Luhan is a Chinese singer. He was former member of EXO in December 2011, officially debuting in April 2012, and in October 2014, left the group after filing a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment to reverse its exclusivity agreement.

In December 2014, China National Radio ranked Luhan in sixth place among the top 10 most popular entertainers in the country. He began his career as an actor in the film "20 Once Again", released in January 2015. In May of 2015. Luhan made his debut as a solo artist with the release of his first extended play, titled "Reloaded I", on September 14, 2015. He became the first celebrity born after the 1990s to be named the "Artist of the Year" by China Newsweek in 2016.

He graduated from Beijing Shida Middle School and attended the Beijing Haidian Foreign Language Shi Yan School before leaving for South Korea to attend Yonsei University as an exchange student. While studying in Seoul, he was observed by an S.M. Entertainment agent, who advised him to do an audition for the agency, being placed in a dormitory with other SM interns, and trained in singing, dancing, and acting.

Luhan was the second member of EXO to be formally presented to the public on December 27, 2011. Along with Tao, Chen, and Kai, he made his first television performance at the "SBS Gayo Daejun" event on December 29 . The group's first single, "What Is Love," was released on January 30, 2012. The group released their second single, titled "History" on March 9. The pre-show showcase of the group was held at the Seoul Olympic Stadium on March 31, 2012. The group held a press conference and showed their performances at the Great Hall of the University of Economics and International Business in Beijing, China on April 1, 2012. On April 24, along with D.O., Baekhyun, Chen, BoA, Kangta, TVXQ, Taeyeon, Yesung, Jonghyun and Luna, released a song for the soundtrack of the film "I AM.", titled "Dear My Family". On August 23, 2012, S.M. Entertainment announced that Luhan would perform with BoA in the song "Only One," for the August 24 episode of "Music Bank". Luhan became the fourth to perform with the singer after Yunho, Eunhyuk, Taemin and Sehun.

On October 16 of the same year, it was announced that he would participate in the 6-member dance group Younique Unit, alongside Eunhyuk, Hyoyeon, Taemin, Henry Lau and Kai performing the veloster theme song titled "Maxstep" for the album "PYL Younique Album." A video teaser of the song was shown on the PYL Younique Show the next day. The song was officially released on October 31, 2012.

On June 23, 2013, he participated in the Chinese team for a football match at the 2013 Asian Dream Cup in Shanghai. In January 2014, he participated in the "Idol Star Athletics Championship". On April 23, 2014, he was cast in the cast of "20 Once Again", directed by East Chen. The film is a Chinese version of the Korean film, "Miss Granny", in which an old lady returns to be young, and premiered in January of 2015. On August 13, 2014, a post by Luhan on his official Weibo account reached over 13 million comments, thus entering the Guinness World Records as the person who has the most comments in a Weibo post. On August 19, S.M. Entertainment posted a photo of Luhan with his Guinness World Records certificate and a world record holder medal. On October 10 of the same year, he filed a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment to cancel its exclusivity agreement, mainly due to health problems. Still in October, he starred in the remake of the music video for "The Last Game" made for "". On December 1, he released the song "Our Tomorrow" for the soundtrack of "20 Once Again". The song peaked number one position on Baidu Music Chart.

On January 26, 2015, it was announced that he would sing the theme song for the release of the movie "Comrades: Almost a Love Story", in China. The song titled "Tian Mi Mi," was officially released on February 3. On January 28, it was announced that the South Korean film "Blind" would win a Chinese version, titled "The Witness", starring Luhan. The film was released in China on October 30 of the same year. In February of 2015, appeared in the movie "12 Golden Ducks". On March 11, Legendary Entertainment announced that Luhan would be cast in "The Great Wall", directed by Zhang Yimou along with Matt Damon, Andy Lau and Pedro Pascal. On May 27, 2015, it was revealed that Luhan and Taiwanese singer David Tao had recorded the theme song for the 2022 Winter Olympics. The song titled "Please Come to the Great Wall to Ski" had its music video released in July 2015. On August 28, he became a fixed member of the Chinese version of "Running Man" program, titled "Hurry Up, Brother". On September 11, he was confirmed in the movie version of the popular web drama "The Lost Tomb", titled "Time Raiders", playing Wu Xie. 
On September 14, he released his first mini-album titled "Reloaded I", along with the title track "That Good Good", via QQ Music Charts. The album sold 880,000 copies on the first day, the highest number of sales recorded on the first day of official release, and also reached more than one million sales at QQ Music, setting the record for faster digital album sales. Days later he released the song "Your Song". He broke his own record on Guinness World Records as the person with the highest amount of comments in a Weibo post, surpassing 87 million comments. On October 14, 2015, he released the song "Medals" as a single and soundtrack for the movie "The Witness". Being released on iTunes on November 4 of the same year, debuting at number one position on the China V Chart as well as Billboard Hot 100. Also in October he released the single "Football Gang". In early November he released the music video for the song "Promises". On December 1 he released the mini-album "Reloaded II", containing the songs "Lu" and "Deep". The song "Deep" was also included in the soundtrack of "Kung Fu Panda 3". He released his first studio album, titled "Reloaded", on December 22, 2015. The album topped the Tower Records chart in Japan, and became the only album from mainland China to enter the Top 5 of Taiwan's G-Music chart.

On January 6, 2016, he released the song "The Inner Force" for the soundtrack of "", debuting at number two on the China V Chart. On February 16 he released the mini-album "Reloaded+", along with the title track "Excited". In March he released the music video for the song "Adventure Time". On March 26, 2016, Luhan began his first solo tour, titled "Luhan Reloaded: 2016 Luhan 1st China Tour", in Beijing and Guangzhou on April 2, and Shanghai on April 9. In June 2016, he landed the lead role of Chen Changsheng in the Hunan Television series, "Fighter of The Destiny". On October 21 he released the "Xperience" mini-album, with the title track "Catch Me When I Fall". In December 2016, he made an appearance in the film "See You Tomorrow". In December he released the mini-album "Xplore", along with the songs "Winter Song" and "Skin to Skin". 

In 2017, Luhan starred in his first television drama, "Fighter of the Destiny", a series of wuxia fantasy. In February he was also cast for the film "5 Centimeters Per Second" adapted from the Japanese novel of the same name. On January 21, it officially launched the single digital album "Venture" along with the single "What If I Said" on QQ Music, KuGou Music and Kuwo Music, selling 60,000 copies in just 3 minutes and 160,000 in 10 minutes. The song "Roleplay" was released as a single on February 27. He released the mini-album "Imagination" on April 19, 2017, accompanied by songs "On Call" and "Say It".

On October 10, 2013, the survey on the "Top 10 of Asia's Most Beautiful Men" organized by Youth Entertainment's website reported that he was chosen as Asia's most handsome man 2013 with over 40 million votes.

On May 11, 2015, it was the cover of Forbes China magazine, where it ranked 37th among the richest celebrities for making a profit of 28.5 million yuan (about $ 4.6 million). Forbes described Luhan as: "In less than five months, attracted the most attention by the Chinese entertainment industry, becoming a new force on the rise." Also in May, Models.com selected Luhan as one of their "Five Faces of China". The he is followed by millions of fans (especially in social media), he remains humble. In July 2015, during the press conference of "The Great Wall", Matt Damon revealed that he was impressed by Luhan's popularity, saying, "I think the first night we started filming there were about 400 flower arrangements that came to Luhan."

From 2015 to 2016, Luhan appeared on the cover of more than 20 magazines. He became the first Chinese celebrity on the covers of China Elle, GQ Style, China Forbes, Harper's Bazaar and Cosmopolitan. He received the Guinness World Record for having more than 200,000 people buying a limited edition of 20,000 copies of a magazine cover in a second. Luhan won his own wax statue in January 2016, from the Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum in Beijing. In October 2016, Luhan was featured in the "BOF 100" ranking of Business of Fashion, becoming the only Chinese celebrity to reach the ranking and received the title of "Most Anticipated Chinese Star". 

In April 2014, he endorsed a commercial to Chinese cosmetics company KanS. During 2015, he starred in campaigns for the French cosmetics company L'Oréal, as well as endorsing for Baidu Maps OPPO's R7 Plus, Lenovo, KFC and Sony. He became the first Asian artist to endorse for Puma. In December 2015, he was introduced as the official "Star Wars" ambassador to China. He released a single titled "The Inner Force", which is the official Chinese theme song for "". In May 2016, he became a spokesman for Volkswagen. In July of the same year, it became the face of Cartier SA.

On February 5, 2015, S.M. Entertainment released an official statement that stated that Luhan had left the EXO without permission and announced that the company had filed lawsuits against not only Luhan but also the advertisers who used him as a spokesperson. According to Chinese entertainment source Sina Entertainment, a representative of Luhan issued an official statement . They said: "We are launching this official statement in order to clarify the truth and protect the reputation of Luhan. SM filed a lawsuit for the Shanghai courts, claiming that 'Luhan has been participating in activities in China without permission.' However, according to the rules of jurisdiction, SM has no right to bring a lawsuit over [Luhan's] exclusive contract to a Chinese court. The results of [our] investigation show that SM sued an advertiser affiliated with Luhan for copyright infringement. This does not correspond with the reasons given for their actions. The statement that SM issued through the press is misleading. To say that he [Luhan] left EXO for no reason other than his own gain "is a malicious attempt to defame Luhan. We will take legal action against all the full reports which defame Luhan's reputation."

In July 2016, the court ruled that Luhan's exclusive contract with S.M. Entertainment would be in effect until 2022, as originally decided. The press further revealed: "Excluding areas in Korea and Japan, Luhan will entrust rights entirely to S.M. Entertainment, and will share a portion of its revenue with the agency.

In May 2016, it was revealed that Luhan was banned from entering Taiwan for five years. Several Chinese media reported that Luhan went into hot water after filming for Chinese variety show "Back to School" in Taiwan with a tourist visa. A tourist visa prohibits a person from working in the country in which he or she is visiting. In June of 2016, he was filmed screaming with a taxi driver, after being followed during the filming of a series.




4 in the Morning

"4 in the Morning" is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani from her second studio album "The Sweet Escape" (2006). It was written by Stefani and co-written and produced by Tony Kanal and was released on May 8, 2007. Whilst writing the song, Stefani was pregnant with her first child and listened to songs sung by Roberta Flack and Billy Idol.

"4 in the Morning" was written by Stefani and Kanal after Stefani finished her "Harajuku Lovers Tour" in 2005. The song was influenced by songs from Stefani's debut album "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." (2004). Stefani listened to ballads sung by Roberta Flack and Billy Idol. Stefani also said that "4 in the Morning" was one of her favorite songs from the album.



Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Sweet Escape"


Kirchdorf, Switzerland

Kirchdorf is a municipality of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Gelterfingen, Mühledorf and Noflen merged into the municipality of Kirchdorf.


Kirchenthurnen

Kirchenthurnen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the former municipalities of Kirchenthurnen, Lohnstorf and Mühlethurnen merged to form the new municipality of Thurnen.


Kirchlindach

Kirchlindach is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Chiggiogna

Chiggiogna is a village and former municipality of the district Leventina in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.

On 29 January 2006 the former municipalities of Calonico, Chiggiogna and Rossura merged into the municipality of Faido.

Diesbach, Glarus

Diesbach is a village and former municipality in the canton of Glarus, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004 the former municipalities of Diesbach and Hätzingen merged into the municipality of Luchsingen.

Pesaro

Pesaro is a city and "comune" in the Marche region, central Italy. It is the capital of the province of Pesaro and Urbino, on the Adriatic Sea. It is the second most populous city in the Marche, after Ancona.

Pesaro is on the coast of the Adriatic Sea. The city is between two small hills: the "Monte Ardizio" to the southeast, and the "Colle San Bartolo" to the northwest where is the "Parco naturale regionale del Monte San Bartolo". The Foglia river flows through the city.

The "comune" of Pesaro has an area of and its altitude is .

Pesaro borders with the "comuni" Fano, Gabicce Mare, Gradara, Mombaroccio, Monteciccardo, Montelabbate, Tavullia and Vallefoglia (a small part).

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Pesaroː

There are 94,813 persons living in the "comune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

The people from this "comune" are known, in Italian, as "pesaresi".

Pesaro is twinned with:


Gylfi Sigurðsson

Gylfi Þór Sigurðsson (born 9 September 1989 in Reykjavik, Iceland) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as a midfielder. He currently plays for the Premier League club Everton and the Iceland national team. He has also previously played for Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar, Breiðablik UBK, Reading, Shrewsbury Town, Crewe Alexandra, TSG 1899 Hoffenheim and the Tottenham Hotspurs. He has great long-range shooting abilities.

In July 2021 he was arrested in Manchester on suspicion of child sexual grooming. He was later released on bail subject to ongoing investigations.

Individual


Kleindietwil

Kleindietwil was a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, Kleindietwil and Leimiswil were merged with the municipality of Madiswil.

Köniz

Köniz () is a city in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It has population of 38,793 inhabitants (2008), the municipality is one of the 15 most populous cities in Switzerland.

The official language of Köniz is (the Swiss variety of Standard) German, but the main spoken language is the local variant of the Alemmanic Swiss German dialect.


Konolfingen

Konolfingen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Koppigen

Koppigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Bettingen

Bettingen (Swiss German: "Bettige") is a municipality in the canton of Basel-Stadt in Switzerland.


Riehen

Riehen (Swiss German: "Rieche") is a municipality of the canton of Basel-Stadt in Switzerland.


Ragnar Sigurðsson

Ragnar Sigurðsson (born 19 June 1986 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as centre back. He currently plays for the Russian Premier League club Krasnodar and the Iceland national football team. He has previously played for Fylkir, IFK Göteborg and F.C. Copenhagen. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad.

IFK Göteborg

Copenhagen

Krasnodar

Jón Daði Böðvarsson

Jón Daði Böðvarsson (born 25 May 1992 in Selfoss, Iceland) is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays for Bolton Wanderers as a right winger. He previously played for UMF Selfoss and Viking FK. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad.



Special Order 191

Special Order 191 was issued by Robert E. Lee in early September 1862. It was a handwritten order detailing Lee's planned troop movements during his Maryland Campaign intended to win the American Civil War. The document was recovered by Union soldiers and passed on to Major general George B. McClellan. This was a piece of intelligence few battle commanders are ever lucky enough to receive. It gave the details of how Lee had weakened his forces by splitting them up into several columns. It also laid out where each part of his army was to be at any given time. McClellan, usually very slow to act, moved his forces more quickly this time. By the night of September 14, 1862, Lee was no longer following his plan of attack. He was now reacting to McClellan's troop movements. At this point Lee's main problem became how to keep his army from being destroyed. 

Following his success at the Second Battle of Bull Run (also called the Second Battle of Manassas), Lee made plans to invade the North. Lee thought that if he took the Civil War to the Union states, a major victory might convince Great Britain and France to support the South. He also thought it would make the North sue for peace. This would insure the Confederate States of America could remain an independent country. Lee led his Army of Northern Virginia into Maryland on September 4, 1862. He concentrated his army at Frederick, Maryland, about northwest of Washington, D.C. The story of the lost order 191 and the events of early September 1862 revolve around two sheets of paper.

Lee's army was camped near Frederick on September 7. General J.E.B. Stuart's three cavalry brigades had been given the task of forming a screen (protective line) between the encampment and the Union Army to their east. Lee met with his generals suggesting to James Longstreet that he should surround Harpers Ferry Armory and attack the large Union garrison which was threatening their supply lines to their rear. Longstreet objected saying his troops needed rest from the long march. He also pointed out it was a bad idea to split Lee's forces when they were so close to the enemy. If the Union army discovered Lee had weakened his main force, they might attack in force. Once rested, organized and fully supplied, Lee's army could do what it wanted. After the meeting, Longstreet assumed Lee had given up the risky Harpers Ferry scheme. A day or two later, Longstreet entered Lee's tent. He found Lee and General Stonewall Jackson finalizing the plan to attack Harpers Ferry. Longstreet realized the plan had gone ahead without him. Reluctantly, he went along with the plan. On September 9, Lee wrote out the details of the plan in Special Order 191.

Each of Lee's commanders received a copy of the handwritten order. Hill already had been sent a copy of the order from Lee. He did not know a second copy had been sent to him from Jackson. This is the copy that was lost.

On September 13, while about south of Frederick, Maryland, Corporal Barton W. Mitchell of the 27th Indiana Volunteers (Union Army) found a bundle of cigars wrapped inside some paper. The paper turned out to be Special Order 191. The field had recently been occupied by Confederate General Hill and the order was addressed to General Hill. He gave the order to his sergeant who passed it up the chain of command to General McClellan. The division's adjutant general, Samuel Pittman, was able to confirm it was the handwriting of his former colleague before the war, Robert Chilton, who was Lee's adjutant general. It was in McClellan's hands the same day.

Lee had about 50,000 soldiers to McClellan's 85,000. But McClellan thought Lee had 100,000 troops and was extremely reluctant to engage him. McClellan now had a chance to destroy Lee's Army of Northern Virginia while it was weak and divided, if he acted quickly. This unexpected piece of valuable information led the usually overcautious McClellan to commit his forces on September 14 resulting in the Battle of South Mountain.


Birkir Már Sævarsson

Birkir Már Sævarsson (born 11 November 1984 in Reykjavik, Iceland) is an Icelandic footballer who can play as a right fullback, right winger, left fullback or center back. He currently plays for the Swedish club Hammarby Fotboll and the Iceland national football team. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad.



Hannes Þór Halldórsson

Hannes Þór Halldórsson (born 27 April 1984 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Iceland national football team and Bodø/Glimt, on loan from the Norwegian club NEC Nijmegen. He has also played for Leiknir Reykjavík, Ungmennafélagið Afturelding, Stjarnan, Knattspyrnufélagið Fram, Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur, SK Brann, Sandnes Ulf and N.E.C.. Hannes has found some work as a film director when not playing football. He was included in Iceland's UEFA Euro 2016 squad.

He took part in the 2018 FIFA World Cup and saved Lionel Messi's penalty kick against Argentina which later ended 1-1.


Krattigen

Krattigen is a municipality of the administrative district Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Ermensee

Ermensee is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

Hätzingen

Hätzingen is a village and former municipality in the canton of Glarus, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004 the former municipalities of Hätzingen and Diesbach merged into the municipality of Luchsingen.

Glarus Nord

Glarus Nord is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Bilten, Filzbach, Mollis, Mühlehorn, Näfels, Niederurnen, Oberurnen and Obstalden merged into the new municipality of Glarus Nord.

Glarus Nord is one of three municipalities of the canton of Glarus, the others being Glarus and Glarus Süd.


Myco-heterotrophy

Myco-heterotrophy is a relationship between certain plants and fungi. The plant gets all or part of its food from parasitism on fungi, not from photosynthesis. 

In the past, non-photosynthetic plants were thought to get food by breaking down organic matter like fungi do. Such plants were therefore called "saprophytes". That was wrong. It is now known that "no plant is physiologically capable of direct breakdown of organic matter". 

To get food, non-photosynthetic plants engage in parasitism, by myco-heterotrophy or direct parasitism of other plants.

The interface between the plant and fungal partners in this association is between the roots of the plant and the mycelium of the fungus. Myco-heterotrophy therefore closely resembles mycorrhiza, and is thought to have evolved from mycorrhiza.

Suet

Suet is the hard white fat that surrounds internal organs, especially the kidneys.

It is available to buy ready prepared, in which case it is mixed with flour to stop it melting at room temperature.

Kriechenwil

Kriechenwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Kriechenwil has a population () of . , 3.6% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (2001-2011) the population has changed at a rate of 0.7%. Migration accounted for 0.5%, while births and deaths accounted for 0%. 


La Ferrière

La Ferrière is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

La Heutte

La Heutte is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of La Heutte and Péry merged into the new municipality of Péry-La Heutte.

Englisberg

Englisberg was amunicipality in Seftigen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2004 Englisberg and Zimmerwald joined together to become the new municipality, Wald.

Herlisberg

Herlisberg is a village and former municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2005 the former municipality of Herlisberg merged into the municipality of Römerswil.

Yves Bonnefoy

Yves Jean Bonnefoy (June 24, 1923 – July 1, 2016) was a French poet, art critics and translator. Bonnefoy published many of translations into French, mainly poems of William Shakespeare. He was born in Tours, France.

He was a professor at the Collège de France from 1981 to 1993. He was the author of several works on art, art history, and artists including Miró and Giacometti.
The Encyclopædia Britannica presents him as ″perhaps the most important French poet of the latter half of the 20th century″.

Bonnefoy died in Paris on July 1, 2016, aged 93.

Abderrahmane Meziani

Abderrahmane Meziani (12 May 1942 – 2 June 2016) was a professional Algerian footballer. He played as a forward for the national football team in 1963.

Meziani died from a heart disease in Algiers on 2 June 2016, aged 74.


István Halász

István Halász (12 October 1951 – 4 June 2016) was a Hungarian football midfielder. He played for Hungary in the 1978 FIFA World Cup. He also played for FC Tatabánya.


Westfjords

The Westfjords or West Fjords (Icelandic: "Vestfirðir") is the name of a large peninsula and region in northern Iceland. It is next to the Denmark Strait and faces the east coast of Greenland. The Westfjords have a lot of mountains and fjords around the coast. Because of this, the road system is complex and communicating by land is difficult.

The largest settlement is Ísafjörður, with a population of 4,000 people.

Because of the East Greenland Current, the Westfjords are generally the coldest area in Iceland.

In 1615, 32 shipwrecked Basque whalers were killed by locals. This caused the government to pass a law allowing the murder of any Basque person seen in the Westfjords. This law was ended in May 2015.



Carmen Pereira

Carmen Pereira (1937 – 4 June 2016) was a politician in Guinea-Bissau. She served three days as Acting President in 1984. She was the first woman in this role in Africa and the only one in Guinea-Bissau's history. She had the shortest term as the Acting President, serving only three days in office. 

Pereira died in Bissau on 4 June 2016.

Southern Region (Iceland)

The Southern Region (Icelandic: "Suðurland") is a region of Iceland. The population of the region was 23,311 (1 October 2007). The biggest town in the region is Selfoss, with a population of 6,000.



Manohar Aich

Manohar Aich (17 March 1912 – 5 June 2016) was an Indian bodybuilder. He was the second Indian (after Monotosh Roy in 1951) to win any Mr. Universe title. He did so in the 1952 NABBA Universe Championships. 

At tall, he was given the name "Pocket Hercules". 

On 5 June 2016, Manohar Aich died in Kolkata, aged 104 years.


Gianluca Buonanno

Gianluca Buonanno (15 May 1966 – 5 June 2016) was an Italian politician. He was born in Borgosesia.

He was a member of the Italian Social Movement from 1982 to 1995, when he switched to the National Alliance. Buonanno left the National Alliance for Lega Nord in 2002.

He was elected to the XVI and XVII Parliaments and to the European Parliament in 2014. As an MEP, Buonanno was an unaffiliated Non-Inscrit before joining Europe of Nations and Freedom, and was backed by the European Alliance for Freedom and Movement for a Europe of Nations and Freedom.

Buonanno died at the age of 50 in 2016 in a car accident near Varese.

Jerome Bruner

Jerome Seymour Bruner (October 1, 1915 – June 5, 2016) was an American psychologist. He was known for his works to human cognitive psychology and cognitive learning theory in educational psychology. 

Bruner was a senior research fellow at the New York University School of Law. He received a B.A. in 1937 from Duke University and a Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1941. 

Jarbas Passarinho

Jarbas Gonçalves Passarinho (January 11, 1920 – June 5, 2016) was a Brazilian military officer and politician. Passarinho began his political career when he was appointed Governor of Pará. He served as head of several government ministries during both the Brazilian military government (1964–1985) and the transition to democracy. 

He served as the Minister of Labor (1967–1969), Minister of Education (1969–1974), Minister of Social Security (1983–1985), and Minister of Justice (1990–1992). Passarinho was also a member of the Federal Senate, representing Pará for two tenures during military rule and the return to democracy, including a period as President of the Federal Senate from 1981 to 1983.

Ayaz Jani

Ayaz Jani (original name Ayaz Hussain Memon) (, born 4 October 1967 – died 6 June 2016) was a Pakistani poet and journalist. He wrote in the Sindhi language. Jani had been writing poetry since his school days and gained popularity as a romantic poet. 

Jani died on 6 June 2016 due to a heart attack in Larkana, Pakistan, aged 48.

Steve Pisanos

Steve Pisanos (born Spiros Pisanos; του Νικολάου και της Αθηνάς; November 10, 1919 – June 6, 2016) was an American USAF Colonel. He served as a fighter pilot for the British Royal Air Force (RAF) and the United States Air Force (USAF) 4th Fighter Group in World War II. By the end of his career in 1974, he received 33 decorations and distinctions. 

He was the author of the book The Flying Greek, published in April 2008, where he has recorded all of his personal adventures and detailed war fighting experiences. The book is commented by his friends and renowned USAF aviators Gabby Gabreski and Chuck Yeager.

Pisanos died on June 6, 2016 from heart failure at his home in Rancho Bernardo, San Diego, California, aged 96.


Theresa Saldana

Theresa Saldana (August 20, 1954 – June 6, 2016) was an American actress and author.

Saldana was born in Brooklyn, New York. She was adopted at five days old by Divina and Tony Saldana, a family of Puerto Rican and Italian-American heritage.

She is known for her role as Rachel Scali, the wife of Police Commissioner Tony Scali, in the 1990s television series "The Commish", for which she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role, in 1994.

She played the role of 'Lenore La Motta', the wife of Joe Pesci's character, in the 1980 feature movie "Raging Bull" and Robert Zemeckis's Beatlemania ensemble "I Wanna Hold Your Hand".

She was also known for raising public awareness of the crime of stalking, after surviving a murder attempt by an obsessed fan in 1982. The fan approached Saldana in front of her West Hollywood residence in broad daylight and stabbed her in the torso 10 times with a 5½-inch (14 cm) knife, nearly killing her.

A television movie, "" was about the attack and was released in 1984 starring Saldana as herself.

Saldana died on June 6, 2016 from an illness at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, aged 61.


Johnny Brooks

John "Johnny" Brooks (23 December 1931 – 7 June 2016) was a former professional footballer and manager. He was born in Reading, Berkshire.

He played for Reading, Tottenham Hotspur, Chelsea, Brentford, Crystal Palace in the Football League. Brooks won three England caps, scoring two goals.

Towards the end of his career he played in non-league football with Stevenage Town and Cambridge City and in North America with Cleveland Stokers. He later became the player-manager of Knebworth.

Brooks died of vascular dementia on 7 June 2016, aged 84.

Amber Gurung

Amber Gurung () (February 26, 1938 – June 7, 2016) was a Nepali composer, singer and lyricist. He was popularly known as the music composer of Nepal's national anthem "Sayaun Thunga Phool Ka".

Gurung died of esophageal cancer in Kathmandu, Nepal on June 7, 2016, aged 78.

Thomas J. Perkins

Thomas James Perkins (January 7, 1932 – June 7, 2016) was an American businessman and capitalist. He was one of the founders of venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers.

Perkins died June 7, 2016 after a long-illness at his home in Marin County, California, aged 84.

La Neuveville

La Neuveville () is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Landiswil

Landiswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Längenbühl

Längenbühl is a village in the canton of Bern, Switzerland. The former municipality of the district of Thun merged with Forst on January 1, 2007 to form Forst-Längenbühl.

There are three smaller lakes in Längenbühl: Dittligsee, Geistsee and a smaller pond.

Eschenbach, Lucerne

Eschenbach is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Langenthal

Langenthal is a town in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipality of Untersteckholz merged into the municipality of Langenthal. On 1 January 2021 the Obersteckholz became part of Langenthal.

Langenthal is an educational, cultural, and economic center for the region of Oberaargau.


Ouroboros

The ouroboros or oroboros is an ancient symbol of a serpent or dragon eating its own tail. The ouroboros is a symbol of an everlasting cycle or a cycle of life, death, and rebirth.

The ouroboros symbolizes eternity or cyclicality. It is the sense of something constantly re-creating itself. Like the phoenix, it symbolises cycles that begin again as soon as they end. 

The first known appearance of the ouroboros motif is in KV62, the tomb of Tutankhamun, in the 14th century BC. The text is about the god Ra and his union with Osiris in the underworld. In an illustration, two serpents, with their tails in their mouths, coil around the head and feet of an enormous god (this the unified Ra-Osiris). The whole figure represents the beginning and the end of time.

Gelfingen

Gelfingen is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Gelfingen, Hämikon, Mosen, Müswangen, Retschwil and Sulz merged into the municipality of Hitzkirch.

Lauenen

Lauenen (; ) is a municipality in Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Laupen, Bern

Laupen () is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Glarus Süd

Glarus Süd is a municipality of the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Betschwanden, Braunwald, Elm, Engi, Haslen, Linthal, Luchsingen, Matt, Mitlödi, Rüti, Schwanden, Schwändi and Sool merged into the new municipality of Glarus Süd.

Glarus Süd is one of three municipalities of the canton of Glarus, the others being Glarus and Glarus Nord.


Biel, Valais

Biel is a village and former municipality in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2001 the former municipalities of Biel, Ritzingen and Selkingen merged into the new municipality of Grafschaft.

Arica y Parinacota Region

The XV Arica and Parinacota Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. It is the country's newest region, created under Law 20.175. It became operational on 8 October 2007.

Chile's former Tarapacá region was a former Peruvian province, which was occupied by Chile under the 1883 Treaty of Ancón at the close of the War of the Pacific, and then formally annexed in 1929 by the Treaty of Lima.

The Arica and Parinacota borders Peru to the north, Bolivia to the east and Chile's Tarapacá region to the south.

The region is within the Norte Grande ("Far North") natural region. It combines deserts, green valleys, the steep and volcanic Andes mountains, and the Altiplano (high plain) to the east. A narrow coastal strip of low-lying land no more than wide separates the Pacific's Nazca plate from the Andes. Its Parinacota volcano is the region's highest elevation at and is on the northern border with Bolivia in Lauca National Park.

The two main rivers of the region are the Lauca, which flows into the Coipasa lake in Bolivia, and the Lluta, which flows into the Pacific Ocean. Lake Chungará at above sea level ranks as one of the highest in the world

As of 2015, there were (estimated) 239,126 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is Arica, with 210,936 inhabitants.

In 2007, the region was subdivided to create the Arica y Parinacota region and the present day Tarapacá Region to the south. The region is further subdivided into two provinces: Arica and Parinacota.



Khamseh

The Khamseh is a tribal confederation in the province of Fars in southwestern Iran. It consists of five tribes.It was created in 1861 by Naser al-Din Shah Qajar to decrease strength of the Qashqai, who were gaining so much power. The Khamseh tribes were a mixture of Persians, Turks, and Arabs.



Khamseh Arabs

The Khamseh Arabs are an Arab nomadic and pastoral tribe of the Fars Province in Iran. They are a part of Khamseh confederation. They speak a dialect of Arabic.

The tribe has two branches: Sheybani and Jabbareh


Susana Trimarco

Susana Trimarco or Sara Susana del Valle Trimarco de Veron (born May 25, 1954 in San Miguel de Tucumán) is an Argentinian mother. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In 2002, Trimarco's daughter, Maria de los Angeles Veron ("Marita"), disappeared. She was kidnapped by human traffickers. Trimarco went to brothels to look for her daughter. She said she wanted to buy women. She did not find Marita, but she found 129 other women and got their freedom. 

Trimarco saved many women. Some of them stayed at her house. Finally there were so many women she could not take care of them, so she started the Fundacion Maria de los Angeles, named for her daughter. 

Cecilia Bowes-Lyon, Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne

Cecilia Nina Bowes-Lyon, Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne, née Cavendish-Bentinck,GCVO (11 September 1862 – 23 June 1938) was the mother of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and maternal grandmother and godmother of Elizabeth II.

Lauperswil

Lauperswil is a municipality of the administrative district Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Lauperswil, Emmenmatt, Wittenbach, Längenbach, Moosegg, Obermatt, Mungnau and Zollbrück.


Lauterbrunnen

Lauterbrunnen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ruzizi River

The Ruzizi River, or Rusizi River, is a river, long. It flows from Lake Kivu to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.

A notorious man-eating crocodile, Gustave, roams the banks of the Ruzizi River and the northern shores of Lake Tanganyika. Gustave is a Nile crocodile and is about long and weighs about . He is said to have killed and eaten many people. Though the actual number is difficult to verify, he is a near-mythical creature and is greatly feared by people in the region.

Leimiswil

Leimiswil was a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, Kleindietwil and Leimiswil were merged with the municipality of Madiswil.

Popi Maliotaki

Popi Malliotaki ( 16 October 1971), is a Greek singer. Malliotaki has credited with gold record for her second album entitled "Alli Mia Fora".

Malliotaki was born in Ierapetra, Crete. Popi has released three albums and several singles. She has collaborated with important Greek artists in the music industry and is over 20 years in the song field. In 2008 after the great success of the third album entitled "Popara", she collaborated with mobile operator "Helen Q Card" and released calling card with name "Popara" which was the title of their third album.

She has been married twice. From her first marriage with singer Sakis Galanis has a daughter and the name of the daughter is Rania. Her second marriage was in 1999 and lasted until 2008. From her second marriage with businessman Babis Lazaridis has a son, Vasilis.

In December 2008, her husband murdered by unknown men in the area of Voula in Athens.




Leissigen

Leissigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Lenk

Lenk or Lenk im Simmental is a municipality in the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Leuzigen

Leuzigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The village is between the cities Biel/Bienne and Solothurn and borders on the river Aare.


Ligerz

Ligerz () is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Limpach, Switzerland

Limpach was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Limpach, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Mülchi, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Daniel Harvey Hill

Daniel Harvey Hill, or more commonly D. H. Hill, (July 12, 1821 - September 24, 1889) was a Confederate Major general during the American Civil War. He was an officer in the Mexican-American War and received two brevet promotions for his performance; one to captain and another to major. He left the army to become a Professor. When North Carolina seceded from the Union, Hill was appointed Colonel of the 1st North Carolina Infantry. By 1862 he was a major general serving in the Army of Northern Virginia. Hill's reputation was tarnished over the lost copy of Special Order 191 which fell into the hands of Union general George McClellan. This gave away Robert E. Lees plans for the Confederate Maryland Campaign. He was considered a military genius by some, including Lieutenant general Stonewall Jackson (his Brother-in-law).

Hill was born on July 12, 1821 at Hill's Iron Works in York County, South Carolina. He was the son of Solomon and Nancy Hill. His grandfather, William Hill, a native of Ireland, built an iron foundry that made cannon for the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. He was also a Revolutionary War soldier. Hill was educated locally and in 1838 accepted an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point. He was in the same class as James Longstreet, William Rosecrans, John Pope, and George Sykes. He graduated four years later ranked 28th in a class of 56. He was given a commission in the 1st US Artillery.

He participated in nearly every important battle in the Mexican–American War. He rose to the rank of First lieutenant. He won the brevet rank of Captain at the battles of Contreras and Churubusco. For his actions at the Battle of Chapultepec he was breveted the rank of major. The state of 
South Carolina gave him a gold sword in appreciation for his services. 

He resigned from the army in 1849 and became Professor of Mathematics at Washington College (now Washington and Lee University). In 1854 Hill became a professor at Davidson College. In 1859 he resigned his chair position to become the superintendent of the North Carolina Military Institute.

As a colonel of the 1st North Carolina Infantry he quickly became successful. In 1861 he led his forces to a victory in the Battle of Big Bethel (Virginia). By the spring of the following year, Hill had been promoted to major general in the Army of Northern Virginia. He led his division at the battles of Yorktown, Williamsburg, Seven Pines and all through the Seven Days Battles. It was Hill who advised his commander, Robert E. Lee, not to attack the Union positions at the Battle of Malvern Hill saying "If General McClellan is there in strength, we had better let him alone." Lee ignored the advice and the attacks were unsuccessful. Hill was left to defend Richmond, Virginia during the Northern Virginia Campaign. While in Richmond, Hill and Union general John Adams Dix worked out a system to exchange prisoners of war. He rejoined Lee for the Maryland Campaign. 

It was during the Maryland Campaign that Hill was mistakenly sent two copies of Special Order 191. The second copy, which came to be known as the "lost copy" was found on September 13 by a Union soldier who quickly sent it up the chain of command to McClellan. Now McClellan knew the details of how Lee had weakened his forces by splitting them up into several columns. It also laid out where each part of his army was to be at any given time. McClellan acted, quicker than usual, and attacked Lee's positions. Hill's outnumbered men delayed the Union advance at the Battle of South Mountain long enough for Lee to regroup. Three days later Hill's division defended the "Bloody Lane" against several Union attacks at the Battle of Antietam before being driven back. Hill's division was also in the Battle of Fredericksburg. In 1863 Hill was sent to help defend Southern Virginia and North Caroline. He never returned to Lee's army. He was next sent west to command a Corps under Lieutenant general Braxton Bragg. At the Battle of Chickamauga Hill led his corps. But he did not get along at all with Bragg and was left without a command. This also stopped his promotion to Lieutenant general. He did not command troops again until the 

In the spring of 1863, Hill was detached to help defend North Carolina and Southern Virginia. He never rejoined Lee’s army. After helping defend Richmond during Lee’s Gettysburg Campaign, Hill was sent west to command a corps in Braxton Bragg’s Army of Tennessee. Hill led his corps in the victory at the Battle of Chickamauga. After the battle, however, tensions with Bragg led to Hill being sidelined and to the cancellation of his promotion to lieutenant general. Hill did not command troops again until the final weeks of the war at the Battle of Bentonville.

Hill was a very good combat leader but he made enemies among other Confederate generals. He was said to be sarcastic, abrupt and often insulting. James Longstreet once said Hill's problem was he was a North Carolinian in an army of Virginians.

Hill edited a magazine at Charlotte called "The Land We Love." Between 1877 and 1880 he was president of the Arkansas Industrial university (later renamed the University of Arkansas). Following that he was president of the Middle Georgia Military and Agricultural College (now Georgia Military College). He remained there until August of 1889 when ill health caused him to resign. He died at Charlotte September 23, 1899. Hill was buried at the Davidson College Cemetery.

Belpberg

Belpberg is a former municipality of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The municipality of Belpberg merged on 1 January 2012 into the municipality of Belp.

Linden, Switzerland

Linden is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Lohnstorf

Lohnstorf was a municipality in Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the municipalities Kirchenthurnen, Lohnstorf and Mühlethurnen joined together to become the new municipality Thurnen.

Lotzwil

Lotzwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Loveresse

Loveresse is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Brevet (military)

A brevet in most militaries is a promotion to a higher rank without the increase in pay or full privileges. It is often given as an honor. It was a term borrowed from the British during the American Revolutionary War and used in the Continental Army. Since that time the United States Congress has had several reasons for granting brevet ranks. In some of these instances the officer received the higher pay of the breveted rank. The term brevet comes from the Latin words "breve" and "brevia" meaning a legal brief.

In the early history, the King of France would call on his feudal lords for troops. These feudal lords raised armies and appointed officers, but they did not have the authority to give a rank in the king's army. The king would give a commissioned rank to leaders that would be recognized throughout his army by the use of Letters patent or brevet. Soon all French officers from a cornet (sub-lieutenant) to the Marshal of France received their commission in this way. They came to be styled "Officers a'Brevet". The official document granting the brevet was called a "brevet d'invention".

The British army that served in the American colonies during the American Revolution were made up of mostly infantry regiments. During the war the strength (numbers) of infantry regiments varied. The actual strength was usually not the established strength. But in general, a regiment at the time averaged about 500 soldiers. Regiments were then divided into ten companies usually of equal size. Each company had three officers and was commanded by a captain. Three of these company captains also held a higher rank in the regiment. These included the colonel, the lieutenant colonel and the major. Collectively these three were called "field officers". So in actuality, each regiment had three field officers and seven captains for a total of ten. On muster rolls it was not unusual to see an officer listed as "Major and Captain". But usually, only the higher of the officer's two ranks were used. But, whereas companies were commanded by captains, it is sometime curious to see mention of something like "Lt. Col. Campbell's company" (instead of Captain Campbell's company).

In 1861, during the American Civil War, graduates of West Point were given commissions in the Union Army as brevet 2nd lieutenants. This was because there were not enough vacancies to commission them as 2nd lieutenants. Many officers have held brevet commissions for gallant actions, meritorious service or to serve in a staff position when their permanent rank did not allow it. After the war there were thousands of brevet officers. Of the 1,978 Civil War generals, 1,700 were brevet Brigadier generals or Major generals, most with a date of rank of 13 March 1865. Many, Like George Armstrong Custer held the brevet rank of major general, but wanting to remain in the army after the war was returned to his permanent rank of captain.

Parinacota Province

Parinacota Province () is a province of Chile. It belongs to the Arica and Parinacota region (XV), the northernmost and the newest of the Chilean regions. Its capital is Putre.

It is named after the Parinacota volcano.

The Arica and Parinacota region was created on 8 October 2007 under Law 20.175, promulgated on March 23, 2007. The law divided the former "Tarapacá" region into two: the northern portion became the XV Arica y Parinacota Region, and the southern portion remained the I Tarapacá Region.

The Parinacota province has an area of .

Parinacota borders Peru to the north, Bolivia to the east, the Tamarugal province in the Tarapacá region to the south and the Arica province to the west.

 (last national census), there were 3,156 people (2,106 men and 1,050 women) living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest town of the province is Putre, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 1,498 inhabitants.

As a province, Parinacota is a second-level administrative division, consisting of two communes ("comunas"): General Lagos in the northern portion and Putre in the south. The town of Putre is the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Abbas Kiarostami

Abbas Kiarostami ( ; 22 June 1940 – 4 July 2016) was an Iranian movie director, screenwriter, photographer and movie producer.

He was known for making documentaries or short movies. His best known works are the "Koker trilogy" (1987–94), "Close-Up" (1990), "Taste of Cherry" (1997) and "The Wind Will Carry Us" (1999). In his later works, "Certified Copy" (2010) and "Like Someone in Love".

Kiarostami died at a Paris hospital on 4 July 2016 from gastrointestinal cancer, aged 76.

Kiarostami's cinematic style is characterized by realism, minimalism, ambiguity, metafiction, poetic imagery, and humanistic themes, reflecting empathy and simplicity. He was known for innovative techniques and collaborative filmmaking.

Kathryn Beaumont

Kathryn Beaumont (born 27 June 1938) is an English actress, singer and school teacher who is best known for providing Disney animated films with the voices of both Alice in "Alice in Wonderland" (1951); and Wendy Darling in "Peter Pan" (1953) for which she was named a Disney Legend in 1998.

Beaumont retired as the voice of Alice and Wendy in 2005, her roles as these two characters was taken over by Hynden Walch since 2005.

She was married to Allan Levine 1981. Divorced 2010, no children



Parinacota Volcano

Parinacota or Parina Quta (from Aymara "parina" flamingo, "quta" lake, "flamingo lake") is a massive dormant volcano (a stratovolcano) on the border of Chile and Bolivia.

The first ascent of this peak was made by Carlos Terán, Bolivian, and Joseph Prem, Austrian on 12 December 1928.

It is part of the Payachata volcanic group formed by the Parinacota together with the Pleistocene peak of Pomerape.

The volcano and Pomerape straddle the border between Sajama National Park (Oruro Department, Bolivia) and Lauca National Park (Parinacota Province, Chile).



Steven Adams

Steven Funaki Adams (born 20 July 1993) is a New Zealand professional basketball player. He currently plays for the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He formerly played for NBA team Oklahoma City Thunder from 2013 to 2020. He also played for the Wellington Saints of the New Zealand National Basketball League in 2011.

Adams was born in Rotorua. He was born to a Tongan mother and an English father. His father, Sid Adams, served in the Royal Navy and later moved to New Zealand. Sid had 18 children with five women. His siblings include champion shot putter Valerie Adams, NBL players Warren and Sid Jr., and para-athlete Lisa Adams.

Enes Kanter

Enes Kanter Freedom (born 1992) is a Turkish basketball player. He plays the center position. He has played for the Utah Jazz, the Oklahoma City Thunder, and the New York Knicks.

Param Vir Chakra

The Param Vir Chakra (PVC) is India's highest military decoration awarded for the highest degree of valour or self-sacrifice in the presence of the enemy. The medal has been awarded 21 times, 14 of which were posthumous awards.

Literally Param Vir Chakra means "Wheel (or Cross) of the Ultimate Brave", it is equal to the Medal of Honor in the United States and the Victoria Cross in the United Kingdom.

Instituted on 26 January 1950, by the President of India, with effect from 15 August 1947, this award can also be awarded posthumously. Officers or enlisted personnel from all branches of the Indian Armed Forces are eligible for the award. Recipients of the decoration have the right to use PVC as a postnominal abbreviation.

There is a provision for the award of a bar for a second (or subsequent) awards of the Param Vir Chakra, with a replica of the Vajra, the weapon of Indra, the god of heaven. However, no one has received it to date.

Robin Hardy

Robin St. Clair Rimington Hardy (2 October 1929 – 1 July 2016) was an English screenwriter and movie director. His most famous directorial work is the 1973 movie "The Wicker Man". 


Caroline Aherne

Caroline Mary Aherne (24 December 1963 – 2 July 2016) was an English comedian and BAFTA Award-winning writer and actress. She grew up in Wythenshawe. She was best known for performing as the chat show host "Mrs Merton". She was also known for her roles in the "The Fast Show", and as lead in the "The Royle Family", a show that she co-wrote.

On 2 July 2016, Aherne died at her home in Timperley, Greater Manchester from throat cancer at the age of 52.

Roscoe Brown

Roscoe C. Brown, Jr. (March 9, 1922 – July 2, 2016) was one of the Tuskegee Airmen and a squadron commander of the 100th Fighter Squadron of the 332nd Fighter Group. He served in the U.S. Army Air Forces in Europe during World War II. During this period, Captain Brown shot down an advanced German Me-262 jet fighter and a FW-190 fighter.

Rudolf E. Kálmán

Rudolf (Rudi) Emil Kálmán (; May 19, 1930 – July 2, 2016) was a Hungarian-born American electrical engineer, mathematician, and inventor. 

He was known for his co-invention and development of the Kalman filter. It was a mathematical algorithm that is widely used in signal processing, control systems, and guidance, navigation and control. For this work, U.S. President Barack Obama awarded Kálmán the National Medal of Science on October 7, 2009.

Robert Nye

Robert Nye FRSL (15 March 1939 – 2 July 2016) was an English poet and author. His bestselling novel "Falstaff" was published in 1976. It was described by Michael Ratcliffe (writing in "The Times") as "one of the most ambitious and seductive novels of the decade", and went on to win both The Hawthornden Prize and Guardian Fiction Prize. 

The novel was also included in Anthony Burgess's "99 Novels: The Best in English Since 1939" (1984).

Jack C. Taylor

Jack Crawford Taylor (April 14, 1922 – July 2, 2016) was an American businessman, philanthropist and billionaire. He founded the Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He was worth a US$8.6 billion as of February 2016.

Taylor died on July 2, 2016 in St. Louis, Missouri, aged 94.


Michael Beaumont, 22nd Seigneur of Sark

John Michael Beaumont OBE (20 December 1927 – 3 July 2016) was the twenty-second Seigneur of Sark in the Channel Islands.

He worked as a civil engineer before replacing his paternal grandmother, Sibyl Hathaway, the 21st Dame of Sark, in 1974.

During his rule, Beaumont saw the loss of many feudal rights enjoyed by the seigneurs, and was consequently often described as the "last feudal baron".

Roger Dumas

Roger Dumas (9 May 1932 – 2 July 2016) was a French actor and comedian. He appeared in more than 100 movies between 1954 and 2016. He was born in Annonay, Ardèche. He was known for his roles in "That Man from Rio", "Le Concert", and "The First Day of the Rest of Your Life".

Dumas died in Paris, France on 2 July 2016, aged 84.


Lou Fontinato

Louis Joseph "Leapin' Louie" Fontinato (January 20, 1932 – July 3, 2016) was a Canadian defenceman in the National Hockey League. He played with the New York Rangers from 1954 to 1961 and the Montreal Canadiens from 1961 to 1963.

Beatrice de Cardi

Beatrice Eileen de Cardi (5 June 1914 – 5 July 2016) was a British archaeologist. He worked in the study of the Persian Gulf and the Baluchistan region of Pakistan. She was president of the British Foundation for the Study of Arabia, and she was Secretary of the Council for British Archaeology from 1949 to 1973.


Lüscherz

Lüscherz is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Kim Chaek

Kim Chaek (Korea:김책, 金策; 14 August 1903 – January 31 1951) was a North Korean resistance activist, military leader, politician and poet. His realname was Kim Hong-gye(김홍계, 金洪啓). First Industry Minister of DPRK, September 2 1948 to January 31 1951. He was military leader of North Korea in the time of Korean War.

In his child years, his family went to Manchuria after 1926, he joined to communist organization. In 1925, he was study to Dongheung Middle school, but in 1927, dropped out of Middle School. In 1930s he was in a communist military organization and friend of Soviet Union. In September 2, 1948, he was appointed to Industry Minister of DPRK, until his death. In January 31, 1951, he died in battle at the time of Korean war, in Pyongyang. His death cause was myocardial infarction or wartime bombing.

UEFA Euro 2016 Final

The UEFA Euro 2016 Final was a football match that took place on 10 July 2016 at the Stade de France in Saint-Denis, Île-de-France, France. The game determined the winner of the UEFA Euro 2016. The match was played with Portugal and France, and Portugal won the match with a goal from Éder at the 109th minute.

<section begin=j1 /><section end=j1 />
<section begin=lineups />

</includeonly><section end=lineups />
Match rules


Sperlinga

Sperlinga is a comune in the province of Enna, in the central part of Sicily. Sperlinga is about above sea level. It is on a hill on the southern slopes of the Nebrodi mountains, about north of Enna. It has a number of dwellings. The village has a large medieval castle, dating from Norman times.

In 2014 the population was 819 people. The main activity in the area is farming.

The village is first mentioned (as "Sperlingua") in a document belonging to the Norman Count Roger from 1082. The castle is first mentioned in 1113.

It is believed that Sperlinga did not take part in the Sicilian Vespers, the bloody uprising against the Angevin French rulers of Sicily in 1282. The village may have offered them protection. There was an inscription over a door in the castle which read , meaning "what pleased the Sicilians, only Sperlinga denied".

From about 1360 Sperlinga was ruled by the Ventimiglia family. In 1597 it was sold for 30,834 ounces of gold to Giovanni Natoli. Natoli was granted a "licentia populandi" or "licence to populate" by the king of Sicily, Philip II of Spain, and was made Prince of Sperlinga in 1627. His son Francesco sold Sperlinga in 1656 to Giovanni Stefano Oneto, but kept the princely title. Oneto was made Duke of Sperlinga in 1666 by Charles II of Spain.

During the Allied invasion of Sicily, in the Second World War, Allied forces moved past Sperlinga to envelop Nicosia, a few kilometres to the south. They met strong resistance. After a show of force by American tanks, the Axis forces withdrew from Sperlinga and Nicosia during the night of 27 July 1943. Units of the American 16th Infantry Regiment entered Sperlinga the next morning.

Lütschental

Lütschental is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Italy national under-21 football team

The Italy national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Italy. They are the most successful team in the UEFA European Under-21 Championship (with 5 titles).

Andrea Pirlo has made the most appearances for the team, with 46, and Alberto Gilardino is the top scorer, with 19 goals.

Since 1992 Olympics football changed to U-23 event, and the European U-21 teams, technically is a U-23 teams.
The winner, runner-up and third place of UEFA U-21 Championship qualify for Olympics.




Lützelflüh

Lützelflüh is a municipality in the administrative district Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Lyssach

Lyssach is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Madiswil

Madiswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Since January 1, 2007, Gutenburg is part of the municipality. On 1 January 2011, Kleindietwil and Leimiswil were merged with the municipality of Madiswil.


Gutenburg, Switzerland

Gutenburg was a municipality in the Swiss canton of Bern.

On January 1, 2007, Gutenburg became part of the municipality of Madiswil.

Malleray

Malleray was a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Malleray, Bévilard and Pontenet merged into the new municipality of Valbirse.

Hämikon

Hämikon was a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Hämikon, Gelfingen, Mosen, Müswangen, Retschwil and Sulz merged into the municipality of Hitzkirch.

Hitzkirch

Hitzkirch is a municipality in Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, Gelfingen, Hämikon, Mosen, Müswangen, Retschwil and Sulz joined Hitzkirch. On 1 January 2021, Altwis became a part of Hitzkirch.


Brief (law)

In law a brief is a formal written argument submitted to a court. It is in a format required by that particular court system. in civil law A brief generally contains the legal arguments in a lawsuit. In a criminal procedure briefs involve the state prosecuting one or more defendants for breaking one or more laws. In general, briefs contain references to the statutes, legal precedents and arguments applied to the facts for this particular case. When an attorney writes a brief, they are implicitly promising to give the court good reasons for ruling in favor of their client.

An appellate brief is a brief prepared for an appellate court. An "amicus curiae", literally a "friend of the court", is a third party not involved in the case but who has a strong interest in the case. They may ask the court's permission to file an amicus brief in support of one of the parties.

Matten bei Interlaken

Matten is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Letters patent

Letters patent (always in the plural) are a type of legal instrument in the form of a published written order issued by a monarch, or government. They are generally used in granting an office, right, monopoly, title, or status to a person or corporation. Letters patent can be used for the creation of corporations or government offices. They may be used for the granting of city status or a coat of arms. Letters patent are issued for the appointment of representatives of the Crown, such as Governors and Governors-General of Commonwealth realms. In the United Kingdom they are also issued for the creation of peers of the realm. A particular form of letters patent has evolved into the modern patent (referred to as a utility patent or design patent in United States patent law). This grants exclusive rights of an invention (or a design in the case of a design patent). In this case it is essential that the written grant should be in the form of a public document so other inventors can consult it to avoid infringement. It is also important to understand how to "practice" the invention or put it into practical use.

The opposite of letters patent are letters close. These are personal in nature and sealed so that only the recipient can read their contents. Letters patent are comparable to other kinds of open letters in that their audience is wide. 

Mattstetten

Mattstetten is a municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Ravichandran Ashwin

Ravichandran Ashwin (born 17 September 1986 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu) is an Indian cricketer playing for the international team. He is a right arm spin bowler. But he bats too well in Test cricket.Ashwin is a right hand batsman. He is a 6 ft 2 inch tall cricketer.

Ravichandran Ashwin had played for Indian international cricket team, Chennai Super Kings (IPL), Rising Pune Supergiants (IPL), Tamil Nadu (Ranji trophy) etc. teams.

Ashwin scored 2 centuries in Test cricket, 124 and 103 both vs West Indies cricket team. His best bowling figure in Test cricket is 12/85 vs Australia in Hyderabad. Ashwin is the fastest Indian bowler to reach 100 wickets in 18th Test match and 5th fastest bowler in the world. He became the first Indian to hit a century and take 5 wickets in the same match. The third Indian to receive Man of the Match award on debut. He took 28 wickets in a single series against Australia beating Anil Kumble's world record. He totally picked up 176 wickets and scored 1204 runs in 32 Matches.

Ravichandran Ashwin scored 658 runs and picked up 142 wickets in 102 matches. His best bowling figure in ODI is 4/25 vs U.A.E in World Cup 2015. He is appreciated in One day Internationals for his economy rate while bowling and different variations. His highest batting score is 65 vs New Zealand.

Iffwil

Iffwil is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Meienried

Meienried is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

La Baroche

La Baroche is a municipality in the district of Porrentruy in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Asuel, Charmoille, Fregiécourt, Miécourt and Pleujouse merged into the new municipality of La Baroche.

Uma Shankar Mishra

Uma Shankar Mishra (1923 – 3 July 2016) was an Indian politician. He was an Indian Independence Movement Activist. He served as President-District Congress Committee Raebareli until his death in 2016. His political party is Indian National Congress. He was born in Raebareli, Uttar Pradesh.

Mishra died in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh on 3 July 2016, aged 93.

Mauricio Walerstein

Mauricio Walerstein (29 March 1945 – 3 July 2016) was a Mexican movie director, screenwriter and movie producer. He directed 17 movies between 1971 and 2014. His 1973 movie "Cuando quiero llorar no lloro" was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival. He also directed "Spaniards in Paris" (1973).

Walerstein died on 3 July 2016 in Mexico City, Mexico, aged 71.

William Hawkins (writer)

William Alfred Hawkins (May 20, 1940 – July 4, 2016) was a Canadian songwriter, poet, musician and journalist. He was known for his works in the 1960s to Canadian folk rock music and to Canadian poetry. His best known song is "Gnostic Serenade", originally recorded by 3's a Crowd.



Markus Werner

Markus Werner (; 27 December 1944 – 3 July 2016) was a Swiss writer. He was known as the author of the novels "Zündels Abgang" ("Zündel’s Departure") and "Am Hang" ("On the Edge"). He was born in Eschlikon, Thurgau. From 1975 to 1985, he worked as a teacher, and from 1985 to 1990 as an assistant professor at the "Kantonsschule" (high school) in Schaffhausen.

Werner died on 3 July 2016 in Schaffhausen, Switzerland, aged 72.


Gordon Murray (puppeteer)

Gordon Murray (3 May 1921 – 30 June 2016) was a British television producer and puppeteer. He created and wrote popular children's television programmes. "Camberwick Green", "Trumpton", and "Chigley", known as the "Trumptonshire Trilogy," were all made by the company he set up.

Murray died in London on 30 June 2016, aged 95.

Martin Lundström

Martin Lundström (30 May 1918 – 30 June 2016) was a Swedish cross-country skier. He competed in the late 1940s and early 1950s. He was born in Tvärliden, Norsjö Municipality.

Lundström won two Olympic gold medals during the 1948 Winter Olympics in Saint-Moritz, Switzerland at the 18 km and 4 x 10 km relay events. He also won a bronze medal in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1952 Winter Olympics.

Lundström also won at the 18 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1948. Additionally, he won a gold in the 4 x 10 km relay at the 1950 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.

He died in June 2016 in Stockholm at the age of 98.


Geoffrey Hill

Sir Geoffrey William Hill, FRSL (18 June 1932 – 30 June 2016) was an English poet, professor emeritus of English literature and religion, and former co-director of the Editorial Institute, at Boston University. 

Hill has been thought to be among the most famous poets of his generation and was called the "greatest living poet in the English language." 
From 2010 to 2015, he held the position of Professor of Poetry in the University of Oxford. 

Juan Habichuela

Juan Habichuela ("né" Juan Carmona Carmona; 1933 – 30 June 2016) was a Spanish flamenco guitarist. He began his artistic life as a dancer, and later learned guitar.

He wrote songs with many famous Spanish musicians such as Manolo Caracol, Juan Valderrama, Fosforito, and Enrique Morente. He was nominated for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Flamenco Album in 2000. Habichuela received the Latin Grammy Trustees Award in 2012 for "significant contributions, other than performance, to the field of recording during their careers".

Don Friedman

Donald Ernest "Don" Friedman (May 4, 1935 – June 30, 2016) was an American jazz pianist. He was born in San Francisco, California.

Friedman performed with Dexter Gordon, Chet Baker, Buddy DeFranco and Ornette Coleman, among others, before moving to New York. There, he led his own trio in addition to playing in Pepper Adams's, Booker Little's and Jimmy Giuffre's bands in the 1960s. He was also a part of Clark Terry's big band. 

He most recently worked in New York as a pianist and jazz educator. He 

Friedman died on June 30, 2016 in The Bronx, New York, aged 81.

Pat Summitt

Patricia Sue Summitt ("née Head"; June 14, 1952 – June 28, 2016) was an American college basketball head coach. During her career, she won 1,098 games. They are the most in NCAA basketball history. She was born in Clarksville, Tennessee.

She served as the head coach of the University of Tennessee Lady Vols basketball team from 1974 to 2012, before retiring at age 59 because of a diagnosis of early-onset Alzheimer's disease. She won eight NCAA championships (a NCAA women's record when she retired), a number surpassed only by the 10 titles won by UCLA men's coach John Wooden and the 11 titles won by UConn women's coach Geno Auriemma. She was the first NCAA coach, and one of four college coaches overall, with at least 1,000 wins.

Summitt died at a retirement home on June 28, 2016 from dementia in Knoxville, Tennessee, aged 64.


Xu Jiatun

Xu Jiatun (; 10 March 1916 – 29 June 2016) was a Chinese communist politician and dissident. He was the Chinese Communist Party secretary of Jiangsu Province from 1977 to 1983 and the Governor of Jiangsu from 1977 to 1979. After supporting the 1989 Tiananmen Square student protests, he left the country and lived in self-exile in the United States.

Xu died in Los Angeles, California on 29 June 2016 at the age of 100.

Sean Rooks

Sean Lester Rooks (September 9, 1969 – June 7, 2016) was an American professional basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1992 to 2004. He was an Assistant for Player Development for the Philadelphia 76ers. He played college basketball for the Arizona Wildcats, earning all-conference honors in the Pac-10 (known later as the Pac-12) as a senior. He was born in New York City.

For the NBA, Rooks played for the Dallas Mavericks, Minnesota Timberwolves, Atlanta Hawks, Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Clippers, New Orleans Hornets, and the Orlando Magic. He retired from playing in 2012. He was the assistant coach for the Philadelphia 76ers at the time of his death.

Rooks died on June 7, 2016 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from heart disease, aged 46.

Stephen Keshi

Stephen Okechukwu Keshi (23 January 1962 – 7 June 2016) was a Nigerian football defender. He was also a football manager of the Nigeria national team. He was one of only two people, along with Egypt's Mahmoud El-Gohary, to have won the Africa Cup of Nations as both a player and a coach. Considered to be one of the best center backs ever to emerge from Nigeria. He was known as tough defender with good positioning, and rocket shot which helped him score some great goals from free kicks. He wasn't some technician, but could deliver a quality long pass all over the pitch, but on the other hand, his short passes were mostly delivered to his closest teammate. His first touch play wasn't good at some time, and when he made mistakes during the game, they were mostly because of his poor first touch clearances and ball trapping. His positioning was definitely his asset, but occasionally happened to him that he position himself pretty well but then react poorly and miss interception or clearance. He was definitely a threat in the aerial duels. In 2006, he was named one of the "Top 200 African Footballers of the Last 50 Years" by the Confederation of African Football.
He began his football career in his native Nigeria, playing in the Nigerian championship for ACB Lagos and New Nigeria Bank. He then went to Côte d'Ivoire, where he played for Stade Abidjan and Africa Sport with the latter club, winning the national championship and the Cup of the country, after which he moved to Europe. Steven Kesha's first European club was Lokeren, which played in the second strongest division in Belgium. The following season, he moved to Anderlecht from the top flight, where he played for four seasons. With Anderlecht, he won the Belgian championship in the 1990/91 season, two runners-up (1988/89, 1989/90) and two Belgian Cup winners in 1988 and 1989. He played for Anderlecht in the UEFA Champions League. From 1991 to 1993 he played two seasons for Strasbourg. The first season in the second strongest division, where Strasbourg became the winner, and the second season in the top division. Keshi then returned to Belgium, where he played one season for Molenbeek in the top flight. From 1995 to 1996, he played in the United States for semi-professional clubs from California CCV Hydra and Sacramento Scorpions. He finished his playing career in Malaysia with Perlis FA.
From 1981 to 1995, Keshi played football for the Nigerian national team. He made his debut on 18 July 1981 in the match against Upper Volta (1–0). Keshi was the captain of the Super Eagles for a time. In 1994 he won the Africa Cup of Nations with his homeland. That year, he participated in the World Championship for the only time. It was the first time Nigeria was allowed to go to the World Cup. Keshi was the oldest player in the national squad and also captain.

After losing the match in the eighth final against Italy (1-2) at the 1994 World Cup, he ended his international career with immediate effect. Keshi was bitter about the Dutch national coach Clemens Westerhof. "I wasn't drafted because I was critical. He wasn't a coach. He was a chatterbox, a chatterbox."
During his time in the United States, Keshi took a trainer's course. In 2004, he was appointed head coach of Togo. The country, which mainly counted on the qualities of striker Emmanuel Adebayor, could qualify for the 2006 World Cup in Germany under Keshi. It was the first World Cup participation for Togo, which meanwhile underperformed at the Africa Cup of Nations '06. Due to Togo's poor performance, the Football Association decided to replace Keshi with Otto Pfister. As a result, Keshi was not allowed to go to the World Cup.

Keshi also got into a heated argument with Emmanuel Adebayor, Togo's star player. Keshi felt that Adebayor was too preoccupied with his transfer to Arsenal. He even called the Nigerian-born forward "a crybaby" after Adebayor did not want to play in a match against Congo due to his mother's illness.

Pfister couldn't stunt with Togo at the World Cup. In addition, the group of players threatened to strike because the Football Association did not pay the salaries. In 2007, Keshi became head coach again. In the same year, Keshi resigned.

The former defender then went to work as Mali's national coach. But another poor performance at the Africa Cup of Nations led to Keshi's dismissal. On 2 November 2011, he was appointed head coach of his native Nigeria. He succeeded his former teammate Samson Siasia. On 16 November 2013, he and his country qualified for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. After a string of disappointing results, he was sacked by the Nigerian Football Association in mid-October.
Keshi died of a heart attack on 7 June 2016 in Benin City, Nigeria, aged 54.
New Nigeria Bank

Stade d'Abidjan

Africa Sports
Anderlecht


Nigeria

Nigeria

Sascha Lewandowski

Sascha Lewandowski (5 October 1971 – 8 June 2016) was a German football manager. He last managed Union Berlin. Lewandowski was head coach of VfL Bochum II between 1 July 2006 to 31 December 2006. He was appointed as the head coach of Union Berlin on 1 September 2015. He stepped down on 4 March 2016, after six months in charge.

He was born on 5 October 1971 in Dortmund, West Germany. On 9 June 2016, Lewandowski was found dead at his home in Bochum, Germany. He had died the day before his body was found.

Qahhor Mahkamov

Qahhor Mahkamov (; alternative spelling Kahar Mahkamov; born April 16, 1932 – June 8, 2016) was a Tajik politician. He served as First Secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan and was the first President of Tajikistan. He served as president from 1990 through 1991.


Marina Malfatti

Marina Malfatti (25 April 1933 – 8 June 2016) was an Italian actress. She was born in Florence, Italy. She was known for her roles in "The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave", "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times", and in "Black Killer".

Malfatti died on 8 June 2016 in Rome, Italy, aged 83. 

Hamza Ali

Hamza Sultan Ali, also known as Hamza Shabbir (8 August 1995 – 9 June 2016) was an English cricketer. 

He played for Hampshire, MCC Young Cricketers and Rawalpindi Rams. He played with his right-arm. He was a fast-medium bowler. He also batted right handed. Ali attended City Academy Bristol and Filton Sixth Form College.

Ali died after drowning at the River Avon, Bristol on 9 June 2016, aged 20.

Meikirch

Meikirch is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Nicole Courcel

Nicole Courcel (21 October 1931 – 25 June 2016) was a French actress. She was popular through the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Saint-Cloud, western suburbs of Paris.

She appeared in 43 movies between 1947 and 1979. After working as an extra in a few movies, she won a major role in "Rendez-vous de juillet" (1949), with Brigitte Auber. In 1970, she turned to television appearing in different television movies and miniseries, in which she continued to work until 2004.

Courcel is best known for her role in Serge Bourguignon's "Sundays and Cybele" (1962). She had notable parts in: "La Marie du port" (1950, opposite Jean Gabin), Sacha Guitry's "Royal Affairs in Versailles" (1954), and "La Sorcière" (1956, opposite Marina Vlady).

Courcel died on 25 June 2016 in Paris, aged 84.


Seven Days Battles

The Seven Days Battles (June 25, 1862 – July 1, 1862) were a series of six major battles fought near Richmond, Virginia during the American Civil War. Union army. In early 1862, Major general George B. McClellan’s Army of the Potomac landed at Hampton, Virginia and began fighting its way up the Virginia Peninsula. By mid-may his army of over 100,000 soldiers were on the outskirts of Richmond, Virginia, the Confederate capital. If McClellan could capture Richmond, it could end the war. The city was defended by the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. The two armies had just fought the Battle of Seven Pines in which the Confederate general, Joseph E. Johnston, was wounded. Jefferson Davis appointed General Robert E. Lee as the new commander. Lee's victory in the Seven Days Battles proved to be among the most decisive battles of the Peninsula Campaign.

Meinisberg

Meinisberg () is a municipality of the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Siege of Yorktown (1862)

The Battle of Yorktown or Siege of Yorktown was fought from April 5 to May 4, 1862, as part of the Peninsula Campaign of the American Civil War. Marching from Fort Monroe, Union Major general George B. McClellan's Army of the Potomac encountered Maj. Gen. John B. Magruder's small Confederate force at Yorktown. McClellan suspended his march up the Virginia Peninsula toward Richmond and settled in for siege operations.

On April 5, the IV Corps of Brigadier general Erasmus D. Keyes made initial contact with Confederate defensive works at Lee's Mill. This was an area McClellan expected to move through without resistance. Magruder's movement of troops back and forth convinced the Union that his works were strongly held. As the two armies fought an artillery duel, reconnaissance indicated to Keyes the strength of the Confederate fortifications, and he advised McClellan against assaulting them. McClellan ordered the construction of siege fortifications and brought his heavy siege guns to the front. In the meantime, Gen. Joseph E. Johnston brought reinforcements for Magruder.

On April 16, Union forces probed a point in the Confederate line at Dam No. 1. The Union failed to exploit the initial success of this attack, however. This lost opportunity held up McClellan for two additional weeks while he tried to convince the U.S. Navy to bypass the Confederates' big guns at Yorktown and Gloucester Point and ascend the York River to West Point and outflank the Warwick Line. McClellan planned a massive bombardment for dawn on May 5. But the Confederate army had slipped away during the night of May 3 toward Williamsburg.

The battle took place near the site of the 1781 Siege of Yorktown, the final battle of the American Revolutionary War in the east.

Bill Cunningham

William John "Bill" Cunningham Jr. (March 13, 1929 – June 25, 2016) was an American fashion photographer for "The New York Times". He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Cunningham was known for his candid and street photography. He first became known as a designer of women's hats before moving on to writing about fashion for "Women's Wear Daily" and the "Chicago Tribune". He began taking candid photographs on the streets of New York City. His work came to the attention of "The New York Times" with a 1978 capture of Greta Garbo in an unguarded moment. Cunningham reported for the paper from 1978 to 2016.

Cunningham died from complications of a stroke at a New York City hospital on June 25, 2016, aged 87.


Meiringen

Meiringen is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Balm, Brünigen, Eisenbolgen, Hausen, Prasti, Sand, Stein, Unterbach, Unterheidon, Wylerli and Zaun.


Ron Lester

Ron Lester (August 4, 1970 – June 17, 2016) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles in the movies "Varsity Blues", "Not Another Teen Movie", "Good Burger", and the TV show "Popular". He was born in Kennesaw, Georgia.

Lester died at a hospital in Dallas, Texas on June 17, 2016 from liver and kidney failure, aged 45.


David Morgenthaler

David Turner Morgenthaler (August 5, 1919 – June 17, 2016) was an American businessman and capitalist. He founded the venture capital firm Morgenthaler Ventures. He was also important in helping change the U.S. capital gains tax rate from 49% to 28% in 1978 and amending ERISA legislation to allow pension funds to invest in venture capital in 1979. He was born in Chester, South Carolina.

Morgenthaler died on June 17, 2016 in Cleveland, Ohio, aged 96.


Betty Reid Soskin

Betty Reid Soskin ("nee Charbonnet"; born September 22, 1921) is a retired African-American Park Ranger with the National Park Service. Soskin spoke clearly about how important national parks are. She said national parks are very important for telling American history. She helped to develop the Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical Park in Richmond, California. She works there as a ranger. 

Until her retirement in 2022 at aged 100, she was the oldest National Park Ranger in the United States.

Soskin was most famous for being a guide at the Rosie the Riveter World War II National Park. She talked about how the story of World War II that we hear was mainly white and male. She also supports national parks and how they educate the public. She also talks about her and her family's experiences with racism.

On March 31, 2022, Soskin retired from the National Park Service.

Soskin was born on September 22, 1921, in Detroit, Michigan. She was a mix of Spanish, French, and African, but identified as black. Betty married Mel Reid and they had four kids shortly after graduating high school. She experienced racism and decided to get involved in the civil rights movement. The couple started a business called Reid’s Records in 1945. They got a divorce after about 30 years of being married. 

Soskin then married Bill Soskin in 1976 but their marriage ended after just four years. She later worked to make less drugs and crime in Berkeley, California after that. She got a job as a businesswoman. After, she helped plan the Rosie the Riveter and World War II National Park in Richmond, California.

Soskin turned 100 in September 2021.


Mary Feik

Mary Feik (March 9, 1924 – June 10, 2016) was an American aviation engineer, master mechanic, pilot, instructor and aircraft restorer. She received many awards and honors in her career. She was a colonel in the Civil Air Patrol.

Feik died in Annapolis, Maryland from cancer on June 10, 2016, aged 92.


William L. Armstrong

William Lester "Bill" Armstrong (March 16, 1937 – July 5, 2016) was an American businessman and politician. He was a member of the Republican party. He served as a United States Representative and Senator from Colorado.

Armstrong died in Lakewood, Colorado on July 5, 2016 from cancer, aged 79.

Alexander Gorlov

Alexander M. Gorlov (March 23, 1931 – June 10, 2016) was a Russian-born American mechanical engineer. He was Professor Emeritus and Director of Hydro-Pneumatic Power Laboratory at Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts. He was known for creating the Gorlov Helical Turbine.

Alex Govan

Alexander "Alex" Govan (16 June 1929 – 10 June 2016) was a Scottish professional footballer. He played at outside left. Most of his career, he played with Plymouth Argyle (in two spells) and with Birmingham City during their most successful period in the 1950s. He also had a short spell with Portsmouth. 

Govan died at his Plymouth, England home on 10 June 2016 at the age of 86.

Habib (singer)

Habib Mohebian (; 27 September 1947 – 10 June 2016), commonly known as Habib, was an Iranian singer-songwriter. He was born in Tehran.

Habib has many hit songs such as “Marde Tanhaye Shab”, “Shahla”, and “Madar”. The song “Shahla” was inspired after listening to an Azeri performer. However, there is a common misconception that Shahla has been inspired by Habib’s ex-wife (the name of his ex-wife is Shaadi and not Shahla).

Habib died on June 10, 2016 in Ramsar, Mazandaran, Iran, from a heart attack, aged 68.


Gopal Gurung

Gopal Gurung ( ( July 27, 1935 – June 10, 2016) was a Nepali journalist, author, politician and futurist of global politics. He led the fight against the discrimination done by the Indo Aryan (Bahun and Kshetri) people to the indigenous Mongol people of Nepal.<ref name="books.google/"></ref> He was the founder president of Mongol National Organization (MNO) and the first pioneer of republican Nepal.

Mimmo Palmara

Domenico "Mimmo" Palmara (25 July 1928 – 10 June 2016) was an Italian actor. He was born in Cagliari. Palmara made his movie debut in 1952 as character actor in drama movies by famous directors such as Luchino Visconti, Mario Monicelli and Antonio Pietrangeli. He was known for his roles as Sheriff Steven Benson in "For One Thousand Dollars Per Day".

Palmara died on 10 June 2016 in Rome, Italy, aged 87.


Deaths in July 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in July 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Vasyl Slipak

Vasyl Yaroslavovych Slipak (, December 20, 1974 – June 29, 2016) was a Ukrainian baritone opera singer. From 1994, he performed in France at such venues as Paris Opéra and Opéra Bastille. For his opera performance, Slipak received several awards, including "Best Male Performance" for the Toreador Song. Hero of Ukraine.


Following the outbreak of the War in Donbass|pro-Russian insurgency in Donbass, Slipak returned to Ukraine and join in the 2014 Ukrainian revolution. In 2015, Slipak joined the fights against pro-Russian insurgents as a member of the 7th Battalion of the Volunteer Ukrainian Corps of the Right Sector.

On 29 June 2016, Slipak was killed by a sniper shot near Luhanske, Bakhmut Raion. He was aged 41.

Alfred Oftedal Telhaug

Alfred Oftedal Telhaug (25 September 1934 – 10 June 2016) was a Norwegian educator.

Telhaug was born in Skudeneshavn. He graduated from Stavanger Cathedral School in 1953, the University of Oslo in 1962, and took the Ph.D. degree at the University of Trondheim in 1990.

He was assigned with "Norges Lærerhøgskole" in Trondheim (later the Norwegian University of Science and Technology) from 1967 to 2001, and chaired the University's Institute of Pedagogy for three periods. From 1973 to 1981, he edited the journal "Norsk Pedagogisk Tidsskrift".

His publications include "Fra parallelle skoler til enhetsskole" from 1974, "Vår nye videregående skole" from 1975, "Norsk skoleutvikling etter 1945" from 1982, and "Norsk utdanningspolitisk retorikk 1945–2000" from 1999. He was a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

Giuseppe Virgili

Giuseppe Virgili (24 July 1935 – 10 June 2016) was an Italian footballer. He played as a striker.

He was born in Udine, Italy. Virgili played for Udinese, Fiorentina, Torino, Bari, Livorno and Taranto. He entered the Fiorentina Hall of Fame in 2013.

He also scored two goals in 7 appearances for the national team.

Virgili died in hospital at the age of 80, following an illness.

Rudi Altig

Rudi Altig (18 March 1937 – 11 June 2016) was a German professional track and road racing cyclist. He won the 1962 Vuelta a España and the world championship in 1966. After his retirement from sports he worked as a television commentator.

Altig died on 11 June 2016 in Remagen, Germany, as a result of cancer, aged 79.

Scotty Moore

Winfield Scott "Scotty" Moore III (December 27, 1931 – June 28, 2016) was an American guitarist and recording engineer. He was best known for his work with Elvis Presley in the first part of his career, between 1954 and the beginning of Elvis's Hollywood years. 

Moore died on June 28, 2016, in Nashville, Tennessee, at the age of 84.

Buddy Ryan

James David "Buddy" Ryan (February 17, 1931 – June 28, 2016) was an American football coach in the National Football League (NFL) and American Football League (AFL). During his 35-season coaching career, Ryan served as the head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles and Arizona Cardinals, and the defensive coordinator of the Chicago Bears and Houston Oilers of the NFL.

Ryan died at his ranch in Shelbyville, Kentucky on June 28, 2016 from cancer, aged 85.

Lake Chungará

Lake Chungará (from Aymara: "chunkara" "moss on the stone") is a lake in the extreme north of Chile, in the Altiplano of the Arica y Parinacota region. It is the 29th highest lake in the world (and the 10th highest in South America).

The lake is near the volcanos Parinacota () and Pomerape (). It is part of the Lauca National Park, in the Putre comuna. The lake is at about to the east of the town of Putre and about to the west of the border with Bolivia.

In the lake and streams nearby, there are some small fish that are endemic to the lake basin: pencil catfish, "Trichomycterus chungaraensis", and "Orestias chungarensis".


Shaibu Amodu

Shuaibu Amodu (18 April 1958 – 10 June 2016) was a Nigerian football coach and player. Amodu has managed a number of club sides in Nigeria, such as BCC Lions, El-Kanemi Warriors, and Shooting Stars; he also managed Orlando Pirates in South Africa.

He first managed the Nigerian national team from April 2001 to February 2002.

Amodu died on 10 June 2016 in Benin City, aged 58.

Dan Patrick

Daniel Patrick Pugh (born May 15, 1956), known professionally as Dan Patrick, is an American sportscaster, radio personality, and actor. He currently hosts "The Dan Patrick Show" broadcast on radio and television. He also currently co-hosts NBC's "Football Night in America" and serves as a senior writer for "Sports Illustrated". He previously worked at ESPN for 18 years, where he often anchored the weeknight and Sunday 11 p.m. edition of "SportsCenter".


Sully (movie)

Sully is a 2016 American biographical drama movie directed and co-produced by Clint Eastwood. It is written by Todd Komarnicki. It is about the US Airways Flight 1549 and Chesley "Sully" Sullenberger, based on the autobiography "" by Sullenberger and Jeffrey Zaslow.

The movie stars Tom Hanks as Sullenberger, with Aaron Eckhart, Laura Linney, Anna Gunn, Autumn Reeser, Holt McCallany, Jamey Sheridan, and Jerry Ferrara. The movie was released by Warner Bros. on September 9, 2016.

Asghar Bichareh

Asghar Bichareh (Persian اصغر بیچاره; June 11, 1927 – June 11, 2016) was an Iranian photographer and actor. Bichareh was a photographer for the Iranian movie and music industries. He acted in over 23 movies. Bichareh was known for his collection of old cameras and cinema and theater photos. 

Bichareh died of laryngeal cancer on his 89th birthday on June 11, 2016 in Los Angeles, California.


Bryan Robinson

Bryan Keith Robinson, nicknamed "Big Dog", (June 22, 1974June 11, 2016) was an American football defensive tackle. He was originally signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 1997. 

Robinson also played for the Chicago Bears, the Miami Dolphins, the Cincinnati Bengals, and the Arizona Cardinals.

On June 11, 2016, Robinson was found dead in a Milwaukee motel room, aged 41.

Lars Skytøen

Lars Mauritz Skytøen (13 December 1929 – 11 June 2016) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was Minister of Industry and Craft 1979-1981.

Kunio Hatoyama

Hatoyama died on 20 June 2016 in a hospital in Tokyo, at the age of 67.

Henk Hofland

Hendrik Johannes Adrianus "Henk" Hofland (; 20 July 1927 – 21 June 2016) was a Dutch journalist, commentator, essayist and columnist. H.J.A. Hofland, as he is also commonly known, is often referred to as the éminence grise of Dutch journalism.

In 1999 he was named Dutch "Journalist of the century" in a nationwide poll among his fans. He once called himself as belonging to the "anarcho-liberal community", though his political orientation is that of the secular center of society.

Al Howie

Al Howie (September 16, 1945 – June 21, 2016) was a Canadian long-distance runner. He was born in Glasgow to Canadian parents. He won more than fifty marathons, ultramarathons and multiday races in over 20 years. He won the 1991 Trans Canada Highway run (7295 kilometers) in the record time of 72 days and 10 hours. He won six-day foot races in California and seven-day races in New York. He was known as theSpartan Tartan. In 1987, Mr. Howie married Claudia Cole.

Howie died in Duncan, British Columbia from complications of diabetes, aged 70.

Joan Acker

Joan Elise Robinson Acker (March 18, 1924 – June 22, 2016) was an American feminist sociologist, researcher, writer, and educator. She was a part of the University of Oregon faculty since 1967. Acker was thought as one of the leading analysts regarding gender and class within the second wave of feminism.

John William Ashe

John William Ashe (20 August 1954 – 22 June 2016) was an Antiguan politician. He was the President of the United Nations General Assembly at its 68th session, which ran September 2013 to September 2014. He was also the ambassador to the United Nations for Antigua and Barbuda between 1995 and 2004.

Ashe died from a heart attack at his home in Dobbs Ferry, New York on 22 June 2016 while awaiting trial by the United States Federal Court. He was 61.

Zurlon Tipton

"This is about the American football player. For other people called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation)."

Zurlon Tipton (April 27, 1990 – June 28, 2016) was an American football running back. He played college football at Central Michigan and signed with the Indianapolis Colts as an undrafted free agent in 2014. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Tipton died on June 28, 2016 at a hospital in Detroit, Michigan after accidentally shooting himself in the stomach, aged 26.

Mrinal Sen

Mrinal Sen (also spelled "Mrinal Shen", 14 May 1923 – 30 December 2018) was an Indian filmmaker. He was born in Kolkata. He was thought to be one of the greatest ambassadors of Indian parallel cinema on the global stage. His works was known for its artistic depiction of social reality. 

Sen died on 30 December 2018 in Kolkata, West Bengal at the age of 95. The cause was a heart attack.


Inocente Carreño

Inocente José Carreño (28 December 1919 – 29 June 2016) was a Venezuelan composer and academic. He won the Venezuelan National Prize for Music in 1989. He was born in Porlamar, Venezuela.

Carreño died on 29 June 2016 from complications of pneumonia in Porlamar, Venezuela, aged 96.


Pee-wee's Big Holiday

Pee-wee's Big Holiday is a 2016 American adventure comedy movie. It was directed by John Lee and written by Paul Reubens and Paul Rust. The film stars Reubens as Pee-wee Herman. The film was released on March 18, 2016 on Netflix.

"Pee-wee's Big Holiday" received positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film got an 82% approval rating. 44 reviews gave it an average rating of 6.9/10. The site's said, "The simple story is a little short on laughs, but there's plenty of sweet wackiness for Pee-wee Herman fans to enjoy". On Metacritic, the film scorde 63 out of 100, from 19 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

UEFA Euro 1992

The UEFA Euro 1992 was the 9th UEFA European Football Championship tournament. Its formal name was the "1992 UEFA European Football Championship". It was held in 10 June to 26 June. All the European football teams could compete. The defending champion was Netherlands. The tournament was hosted in Sweden. 8 teams were qualified for the final group stage. The winner of the tournament was Denmark after defeating Germany.




UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying

The UEFA Euro 2016 qualifying tournament was a football competition that was played from September 2014 to November 2015. It 
was played to determine who will qualify for the UEFA Euro 2016. The top scorer of the tournament was Poland's Robert Lewandowski with 13 goals. 53 teams participated in the qualification tournament.

France automatically qualified because they are hosts. 23 other teams qualified for the tournament.

This table was made up of each teams performance during the main qualification stage. The best third-place team automatically qualified, but the rest had to go to the play-offs.















Kuk (mythology)

Kek (also spelled as Kuk or Keku) is the ancient Egyptian deity of night and darkness. As a concept, Kek was viewed as having male and female qualities. His female form was known as Kauket (also spelled as Keket), which is simply the female form of the word "Kek".

"Kek"'s male form was seen as a frog, or as a frog-headed man. The female form was seen as a snake, or a snake-headed woman. He also symbolized the unknown and chaos. Kuk was the god of the hours before dawn and was known as "Bringer-in-of-the-Light" as he guided the sun barge of the god Ra toward the sky from the underworld. Kauket, his feminine balance, was depicted as a woman with the head of a serpent also called "Bringer-in-of-the-Darkness" who presided over the hours of twilight when the sun was setting and guided the sun barge into the underworld.

Schönwald, Bavaria

Schönwald is a town in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is near the border with the Czech Republic, five km northwest of Selb and 18 km southeast of Hof.

Ingólfr Arnarson

Ingólfr Arnarson () and his wife, Hallveig Frodesdatter, are commonly said to be the first permanent Nordic settlers of Iceland. According to tradition, they founded Reykjavík in 874.

According to the Landnámabók (a book which describes the settlement of Iceland by the Norsemen), he built his house in modern-day Reykjavík and named the city as well. Medieval historian Ari Þorgilsson claimed that Arnarson was the first Nordic settler in Iceland, but Irish monks and hermits lived there before he arrived. He also claimed that the they left because they did not want to live with the newly arrived Norse pagans.

The Landnámabók claims that Arnarson left modern-day Norway after becoming involved in a blood feud. He had heard about an island that Garðar Svavarsson, Flóki Vilgerðarson and others found while sailing in the Atlantic ocean. With his step-brother, Hjörleifr Hróðmarsson, he sailed for Iceland. When land was in sight, he threw his high seat pillars overboard and promised to settle where the gods decided to bring them ashore. Two of his slaves then searched the coasts for three years before finding the pillars in the small bay which eventually became Reykjavík.
Meanwhile, Hjörleifr Hróðmarsson was murdered by his Irish slaves because of how badly he was treating-them. Ingólfr hunted them down and killed them in Vestmannaeyjar (Westman Islands). The islands got their name from that event, but vestmenn (west men) is a name that the Norsemen at this time sometimes used for Irishmen. He continued to live in southwestern Iceland, but nothing is known about what happened to him after settling. His son, Torstein ("Þorsteinn Ingólfsson"), was said to have founded the first parliament, in Iceland. It later became known as the Althing.


Keflavík

Keflavík (meaning "Driftwood Bay") is a town in the Suðurnes region in southwest Iceland. In 2016 its population was at 15,129 people.

In 1995, the town merged with Njarðvík and Hafnir to form the Reykjanesbær municipality.

The town was founded in the 16th century, possibly by Scottish people. Like many other Icelandic towns, the city grew with the help of the fishing industry. The city then continued to grow from flight operations done at the Keflavík International Airport (which was built by the United States during World War II). The airport used to be an important NATO military base and refueling stop for trans-Atlantic flights. It is now Iceland's main airport.

The airport was also used during the Cold War to monitor marine and submarine traffic from the Atlantic Ocean. The base was officially closed on 30 September 2006, when the United States withdrew the remaining 30 military personnel.

In Iceland, Keflavík was known for being a rich source of musicians during the 1960s and 70s, and is therefore also known as "bítlabærinn" or "The Beatle Town".

The town is situated on plenty of basalt rubble. On a clear day, one can see Snæfellsjökull (which is about 115 km away).

The city has cool summers and moderately cold winters.


Hochdorf, Switzerland

Hochdorf is a municipality of the district of Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.


Melchnau

Melchnau is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Berken

Berken is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.

Merzligen

Merzligen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Spanish treasure fleet

The Spanish treasure fleet, or West Indies Fleet from Spanish "Flota de Indias", was a convoy system adopted by the Spanish Empire from 1566 to 1790. It linked Spain with its territories in America across the Atlantic. The convoys were general purpose cargo fleets used for transporting a wide variety of items. These included agricultural goods, lumber, various metal resources, luxuries, silver, gold, gems, pearls, spices, sugar, tobacco, silk, and other exotic goods from the Spanish Empire. They were sent to the Spanish mainland. Passengers and goods such as textiles, books and tools were transported in the opposite direction. The West Indies fleet was the first permanent transatlantic trade route in history. Similarly, the Manila galleons were the first permanent trade route across the Pacific.

Node.js

Node.js is a runtime system used mostly for making server side applications with JavaScript. It runs on the V8 JavaScript engine. It contains a package manager called NPM.

World Population Day

World Population day is an annual event. It is observed on July 11 every year. This event was made to increase awareness of the problems faced by global population and overpopulation. It was made by the Governing Council of the United Nations Development Programme in 1989. It was inspired by the public interest in Five Billion Day on July 11, 1987 (approximately the date on which the world's population reached five billion people).

The world population as of October 29, 2020 is approximately 7.694 billion.


Stayin' Alive

"Stayin' Alive" is a disco song by the Bee Gees from the "Saturday Night Fever" motion picture soundtrack. The song was written by the Bee Gees members (Barry, Robin, and Maurice Gibb) and produced by the Bee Gees, Albhy Galuten, and Karl Richardson.

It was released on 13 December 1977 as the second single from the "Saturday Night Fever" soundtrack. It is one of their signature songs. In 2004, "Stayin' Alive" was placed at number 189 on the list of Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. In 2004, it ranked No. 9 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema. In a UK television poll on ITV in December 2011 it was voted fifth in "The Nation's Favourite Bee Gees Song".

On its release, "Stayin' Alive" climbed the charts to hit the number one spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100 the week of 4 February 1978, remaining there for four weeks. In the process, it became one of the band's most recognisable tunes, in part because of its place at the beginning of "Saturday Night Fever". In the US, it would become the second of six consecutive number-one singles, tying the record with the Beatles for most consecutive number ones in the US at the time (a record broken by Whitney Houston who achieved seven consecutive number-ones).


You're My Best Friend (Queen song)

"You're My Best Friend" is a 1976 song by British band Queen and taken from their fourth studio album "A Night at the Opera". It went to number 2 in Canada, number 3 in Ireland, number 6 in the Netherlands, number 7 in the United Kingdom and number 16 in the United States. It has been featured in numerous tv shows and movies.

Mirchel

Mirchel is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Monible

Monible was a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Monible, Châtelat, Sornetan and Souboz merged into the new municipality of Petit-Val.

Romesh Chandra

Romesh Chandra (30 March 1919 – 4 July 2016) was an Indian leader of the Communist Party of India (CPI). He took part in the Indian independence movement as student leader of CPI after joining it in 1939. He held many posts within the party. He became president of the World Peace Council in 1977.

Turgay Şeren

Turgay Sabit Şeren (15 May 1932 – 6 July 2016) was a Turkish footballer. He was the former goalkeeper of Galatasaray. He played at Galatasaray between 1947 and 1966 and was capped 52 times for Turkey, including two matches at the 1954 FIFA World Cup. 

Şeren was awarded a testimonial match by the club in 1967 in Istanbul.

Valentino Zeichen

Valentino Zeichen (24 March 1938 – 5 July 2016), was an Italian poet and writer. He was born in Fiume, Italy. Zeichen's poetry has been praised for its ability to quickly hook the reader. His works include humor. A literary award named after him, the "Premio Zeichen", is held every December in Rome. Zeichen himself was the only member of the jury.

Zeichen died on 5 July 2016 in Rome, Italy, aged 78.

Gunnar Garbo

Gunnar Garbo (19 April 1924 – 29 June 2016) was a Norwegian journalist, politician and ambassador. 

He represented the Liberal Party of Norway at the Norwegian Parliament during four electoral periods. He served from 1958 to 1973. He was leader for the party from 1964 to 1970. He was ambassador in Dar es Salaam from 1987 to 1992.


Ojo Maduekwe

Chief Ojo Maduekwe (May 6, 1945 – June 29, 2016) was a Nigerian politician. He served as the Foreign Minister of Nigeria from July 26, 2007 through March 17, 2010. He was appointed by President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua. He left office in March 2010 when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan dissolved his cabinet. He was National Secretary of the ruling political party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). 

Donald Carr

Donald Bryce Carr OBE (28 December 1926 –11 June 2016) was an English cricketer. He played for Derbyshire from 1946 to 1967, for Oxford University from 1948 to 1951, and twice for England in 1951/52. He captained Derbyshire between 1955 and 1962, and scored over 10,000 runs for the county.

Carr later became an ICC match referee. After his retirement, he became assistant secretary of the MCC from 1963 to 1976, and then secretary to the Cricket Council and the Test and County Cricket Board – both forerunners of the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) – for ten years after that. He also managed several MCC tours in the 1960s and 1970s.

Vladimir Dolgopolov

Vladimir Mikhailovich Dolgopolov (; born 24 December 1961, Leningrad – died 12 June 2016, St. Petersburg) was a Russian professional footballer. He made his professional debut in the Soviet Top League in 1980 for FC Zenit Leningrad.

Alfonso Portugal

Alfonso Portugal Díaz (21 January 1934 – 12 June 2016) was a Mexican footballer. He played as defender for Mexico in the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He was born in Mexico City. Portugal captained Club América to the 1965–66 Mexican Primera División title. He also played for Club Necaxa. In 1967 he appeared in one match for the Chicago Spurs of the NPSL.

Portugal died on 12 June 2016 in Atlixco, Puebla, aged 82.


Vasily Bochkaryov

Vasily Kuzmich Bochkaryov (; 29 April 1949 – 22 June 2016) was a Russian politician. He served as Head of Zheleznodorozhny District of Penza from 1987 to 1998. He was elected Head of the Administration of Penza Oblast in April 1998. He became Governor of Penza Oblast in June 1998.

Jim Boyd (musician)

Jim Boyd (January 1, 1956 – June 22, 2016) was an American singer-songwriter, actor, and member of The Jim Boyd Band on the Colville Indian Reservation in Washington. He was born in Lancaster, California.

Boyd has performed in several groups, including XIT, Greywolf and Winterhawk. Boyd sang four songs with lyrics by Sherman Alexie on the soundtrack for the 1998 movie "Smoke Signals", and also appeared in Alexie's "The Business of Fancydancing".

Boyd died on June 22, 2016 in Colville Indian Reservation, Washington at age 60.


David J. Hickson

David John Hickson (20 April 1931 – 22 June 2016) was a British organizational theorist. He was the Emeritus Professor of International Management and Organization at Bradford University School of Management. He was known for his work in the field of organisational development (OD).

Yaşar Nuri Öztürk

Yaşar Nuri Öztürk (February 5, 1951 – June 22, 2016) was a Turkish university professor of Islamic theology, Quranist Muslim, lawyer, columnist and a former member of Turkish parliament.

Öztürk died on June 22, 2016 at his home in Istanbul from stomach cancer, aged 65.


Harry Rabinowitz

Harry Rabinowitz MBE (26 March 1916 – 22 June 2016) was a South African conductor and composer of movie and television music. He was born in Johannesburg, South Africa. He was of Jewish descent.

Rabinowitz conducted the movie scores for many movies including "Hanover Street" (1979), "Chariots of Fire" (1981), "Heat and Dust" (1983), "The Bostonians" (1984), "Return to Oz" (1985), "Lady Jane" (1986), "Maurice" (1987), "The Remains of the Day" (1993), "The English Patient" (1996), "The Talented Mr. Ripley" (1999), and "Cold Mountain" (2003). 

He also composed music for television including "The Frost Report" (1966), "I, Claudius" (1976), "The Agatha Christie Hour" (1982), and "Reilly, Ace of Spies" (1983).

In June 2015, Rabinowitz was the guest castaway on BBC Radio 4's "Desert Island Discs".

Rabinowitz died on 22 June 2016 at his home in France, aged 100.


Samir Roychoudhury

Samir Roychowdhury (Bengali: সমীর রায়চৌধুরী) (1 November 1933 – 22 June 2016) was an Indian poet and writer. He was one of the founding fathers of the Hungry Generation. 


Amjad Sabri

Amjad Farid (Fareed) Sabri (23 December 1976 – 22 June 2016) was a Pakistani singer. He became one of South Asia's most famous qawwali singers. 

Sabri was shot to death in Karachi in a targeted killing by a splinter group of the Pakistani Taliban on 22 June 2016 at age of 39.

James Green

James Robert Green (November 4, 1944 – June 23, 2016) was an American historian. He was the Professor of History Emeritus at the University of Massachusetts Boston. He was also a well-known author and labor activist.

Green's research focuses on radical political and social movements in the U.S. (including new social movements), as well as the history of labor unions in the United States. Green writes social and political history from "the bottom up." He writes from a leftist theoretical standpoint.

Green died in Boston on June 23, 2016, of complications from leukemia. He was 71.


Stanley Mandelstam

Stanley Mandelstam (12 December 1928 – 23 June 2016) was a South African-born American theoretical physicist of Jewish descent. He introduced the Mandelstam variables into particle physics in 1958. It was a coordinate system for creating his double dispersion relations. 

He was the Professor of Mathematical Physics at the University of Birmingham (1960-63), the Professeur Associé at Université Paris-Sud (1979–80; 1984–85) and the Professor of Physics at the University of California, Berkeley from 1963 until his death and was also the Professor Emeritus from 1994 until his death.


Paul Cox

Paulus Henrique Benedictus "Paul" Cox (16 April 1940 – 18 June 2016) was an award-winning Dutch-born Australian filmmaker. He was known as 'Australia's most prolific film auteur'. 

He published "Reflections: An Autobiographical Journey" in 1998.

Cox was born in Venlo, Limburg, the Netherlands.

His movie-essay "The Remarkable Mr. Kaye" (2005) is a portrait of his sick friend, the actor Norman Kaye, who appeared in many of Cox movies, such as "Lonely Hearts" and "Man of Flowers". In 2006 he became the Patron of the Byron Bay Film Festival.

William J. Livsey

William James "Lipp" Livsey (June 8, 1931 – June 18, 2016) was a United States Army general. He served as the Commander in Chief of United Nations Command/Commander in Chief, ROK/U.S. Combined Forces Command/Commander, United States Forces Korea/Commanding General, Eighth United States Army (CINCUNC/CINCCFC/COMUSFK/CG EUSA), from 1984 to 1987.


Claude Confortès

Claude Confortès (28 February 1928 – 15 June 2016) was a French movie and stage director and actor. As an actor, he starred in Yves Robert's "War of the Buttons" ("La Guerre des boutons") in 1962. He played a supporting role in "Germinal" in 1993. He was born in Saint-Maur-des-Fossés, a suburb of Paris.

Confortès died on 15 June 2016 in Paris, aged 88.

Ofelya Hambardzumyan

Ofelya Karapeti Hambardzumyan (, January 9, 1925 – June 13, 2016) was an Armenian folk singer. She was known as the "Queen of Armenian Song". During her career, she was known for her soft voice. In 1944, she became a solo-singer for the Ensemble of Folk Instruments of the Radio of Armenia, where she dedicated her efforts to the ensemble headed by Aram Merangulyan.

Hambardzumyan died on June 13, 2016, aged 91.

Giuseppe Ferrara

Giuseppe Ferrara (15 July 1932 – 25 June 2016) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He was known for directing "The Moro Affair" (1986).

Ferrara died in Rome, Italy on 25 June 2016 from cardiac arrest after suffering from pneumonia, aged 83.

Vittorio Merloni

Vittorio Merloni (30 April 1933 – 18 June 2016) was an Italian entrepreneur and industrialist. He was the honorary chairman of Indesit.

Merloni died on 18 June 2016 in Fabriano, Italy, aged 83.

Wu Jianmin

Wu Jianmin (; March 30, 1939 – June 18, 2016) was a Chinese diplomat. He worked as the spokesman of Chinese Foreign Ministry. He was an ambassador of China to the Netherlands, Geneva and France. He was the president of the Bureau International des Expositions. 

On June 18, 2016, Wu died when the car in which he was traveling struck a median while exiting the Donghu Lake Tunnel in Wuhan, China. Wu was on his way to lecture at Wuhan University. He was 77.

Randy Jones (drummer)

Randy Jones (January 23, 1944 – June 23, 2016) was a British-born American jazz drummer. He was born in Berkshire, England. He was known for his albums "M.F. Horn" (1970), "M.F. Horn Two" (1972), "M.F. Horn 3" (1973), and "".

Jones died at the Calvary Hospital in the Bronx on June 23, 2016 from heart failure at the age of 72.


Oleg Karavaychuk

Oleg Nikolayevich Karavaichuk (; December 28, 1927 – June 13, 2016) was a Soviet and Russian composer, author of music for many movies and theater performances. He was born in Kiev. Karavaychuk worked with Sergei Parajanov, Vasily Shukshin, Ilya Averbakh, Kira Muratova ("Brief Encounters", "The Long Goodbye") and others. Karavaychuk also worked with the avant-garde, in particular Sergey Kuryokhin.

Karavaychuk died on June 13, 2016, in St. Petersburg, aged 88.

Bur’i Mohamed Hamza

Buri Mohamed Hamza (, (born 1945 – died 25 June 2016) was a Somali politician. From August 2012 to January 2014, he was a Member of the Federal Parliament of Somalia.

He later served as the State Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of Somalia from January to October 2014. He served as the State Minister of Finance until December 2014. He was the State Minister of the Premier's Office for Environment at the time of his death.

Hamza died during an attack by at least four al-Shabab militants on the Hotel Naso-Hablod in Mogadishu on 25 June 2016. His room collapsed on him after it was damaged by a car bomb. The hotel was "frequented by apostate government workers", explained spokesman Sheikh Abdiasis Abu Musab to Reuters.

Freehold Township, New Jersey

Freehold Township is a township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of 1 July 2022, it had an estimate of 35,596.

Ocean City, New Jersey

Ocean City is a city in New Jersey.

Titan (Six Flags Over Texas)

Titan is a steel roller coaster in Six Flags Over Texas

Chips Moman

Lincoln Wayne "Chips" Moman (June 12, 1937 – June 13, 2016) was an American record producer, guitarist, and Grammy Award-winning songwriter. He was born in LaGrange, Georgia.

In the 1960s, Moman worked for Stax Records before founding the American Sound Studio in Memphis, Tennessee, and later in Nashville. 

As a record producer, Moman was known for recording Elvis Presley, Bobby Womack, Carla Thomas, and Merrilee Rush, as well as guiding the career of the Box Tops. As a songwriter, he was known for standards associated with Aretha Franklin, James Carr, Waylon Jennings, and B. J. Thomas, including the Grammy-winning "(Hey Won't You Play) Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song". 

He was also a session guitarist for Franklin and other musicians.

Moman died from complications of emphysema in LaGrange, Georgia on June 13, 2016, aged 79.

Superman: Tower of Power

Superman: Tower of Power is a drop tower located at Kentucky Kingdom, Six Flags Over Texas, Six Flags St. Louis and Six Flags Over Georgia.

Patrick Mayhew

Patrick Barnabas Burke Mayhew, Baron Mayhew of Twysden (11 September 1929 – 25 June 2016) was a British barrister and Conservative politician.

He was Member of Parliament (MP) for the Tunbridge Wells constituency from its creation at the February 1974 general election, standing down at the 1997 election.

He was Under-Secretary for Employment from 1979-81, then Minister of State at the Home Office from 1981 to 1983. After this he served as Solicitor General for England and Wales from 1983-87, and then Attorney General for England and Wales and Attorney General for Northern Ireland from 1987-92. He was Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from 1992-97, the longest anyone has served in this office.

Mayhew had lived with cancer and Parkinson's disease in his later years. He died on 25 June 2016, aged 86.

James Gilbert (producer)

Cecil James Gilbert (5 May 1923 – 7 July 2016) was a Scottish television producer and director. He was the BBC's Head of Comedy from 1973–77. He was probably best known for his work on "The Two Ronnies", "Last of the Summer Wine" and "Open All Hours". 

In 2003, Gilbert appeared on the documentary special "30 Years of Last of the Summer Wine" to discuss his role in helping to create the series.

Gilbert died on 7 July 2016 in Scotland, aged 93.

Riddick Bowe

Riddick Lamont Bowe (born August 10, 1967) is an American amateur boxer. He won a Silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He later became a Heavyweight professional boxer. He defeated other boxers like Evander Holyfield and Andrew Golota. The latter was disqualified for giving too many low blows to Bowe in 1996.

Bowe was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

Bill Berkson

William Craig "Bill" Berkson (August 30, 1939 – June 16, 2016) was an American poet, critic, teacher and sometime curator. He was mainly active in Manhattan during the 1960s and 1970s.

Berkson died of a heart attack on June 16, 2016 in San Francisco, California, aged 76.



Mohapatra Nilamani Sahoo

Mohapatra Nilamani Sahoo (22 December 1926 – 25 June 2016) was an Indian Odia language short story writer. He won several literary awards over his career, including the 1979 Odisha Sahitya Academy Award for "Akasha Patala", and the 1983 Sarala Award and the 1984 Sahitya Akademi Award in Odia, for "Abhisapta Gandharba". 

Sahoo died on 25 June 2016 after suffering from multiple organ failure, aged 89.

Irving Moskowitz

Irving Moskowitz (January 11, 1928 – June 16, 2016) was an American physician, businessman and philanthropist. His philanthropy, in part, helped create a Jewish majority in Arab neighborhoods of East Jerusalem.

Moskowitz was of Jewish descent.


Anatoli Grishin

Anatoli Kuzmich Grishin (; 8 July 1939 – 14 June 2016) was a Soviet sprint canoeist who competed in the mid-1960s. 

He won a gold medal in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

Grishin also won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold medal (K-4 10000 m: 1966) and a bronze medal (K-2 1000 m: 1963).

Grishin died on 14 June 2016, at the age of 76.


Ann Morgan Guilbert

Ann Morgan Guilbert (October 16, 1928 – June 14, 2016), sometimes credited as Ann Guilbert, was an American television and movie actress. She played a number of roles, from the 1950s on, most notably as Millie Helper in 61 episodes of the early 1960s sitcom "The Dick Van Dyke Show", and later Yetta Rosenberg, Fran Fine's doddering grandmother, in 56 episodes of the 1990s sitcom "The Nanny". 

Guilbert died of cancer of unknown primary origin in Los Angeles on June 14, 2016, aged 87.

UEFA Euro 1988

The 1988 UEFA European Football Championship final tournament took place in West Germany between 10 and 25 June 1988. It was the eighth European Football Championship, which is held every four years and supported by UEFA.

The final match was played on 25 June between the Soviet Union and the Netherlands. The Netherlands won the match 2–0, and became the European champions for the first, and so far only time.

Pat Suggate

Richard Patrick "Pat" Suggate (17 March 1922 – 16 June 2016) was a New Zealand geologist. He was known for his research into coal properties and coal rank, and into the advances and retreats of New Zealand's glaciers. From 1974 to 1986 he served as director of the New Zealand Geological Survey.

In the 2003 New Year Honours Suggate was appointed a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to geology.

Suggate died in Wellington on 16 June 2016, aged 94.

Jerome Teasley

Jerome Teasley (August 13, 1948 – June 16, 2016) was an American Soul Drummer. He was a member of the Motown Hall of Fame. He has toured with Junior Walker and the All Stars, and has also worked with Al Green, Jimi Hendrix, Wilson Pickett, Tina Turner, Bill Carr and Jazz saxophonist Sonny Stitt among many others. 

Teasley died on June 16, 2016 in a hospital in Phoenix, Arizona from complications of lung and liver cancer, aged 67.

Elmer Cravalho

Elmer Franklin Carvalho (February 19, 1926–June 27, 2016) was an American politician and former teacher. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Carvalho served as the first Mayor of Maui from 1969 to 1979 and the first Speaker of the Hawaii House of Representatives following statehood.

Pelle Gudmundsen-Holmgreen

Pelle Gudmundsen-Holmgreen (21 November 1932 – 27 June 2016) was a Danish composer.

Gudmundsen-Holmgreen was born in Copenhagen, Denmark. He was the son of the sculptor Jørgen Gudmundsen-Holmgreen. He studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Music in Copenhagen, with Finn Høffding, Svend Westergaard, Bjørn Hjelmborg, and Vagn Holmboe (instrumentation), graduating in 1958.

Amongst other works, he composed fourteen string quartets and a Concerto Grosso for string quartet and orchestra, written for the Kronos Quartet, which he referred to as "Vivaldi on Safari".

He won the Nordic Council Music Prize in 1980 for his "Symfoni/Antifoni".

Gudmundsen-Holmgreen died of cancer on 26 June 2016, aged 83.

Harry Halbreich

Harry Halbreich (February 9, 1931, Berlin – June 27, 2016, Uccle) was a Belgian musicologist of (partly) Jewish descent. He was known for a number of books, articles and studies on modern and contemporary music, including monograph works on Olivier Messiaen, Claude Debussy, Arthur Honegger and Bohuslav Martinů.

Mack Rice

Bonny "Mack" Rice (November 10, 1933 – June 27, 2016), sometimes credited as Sir Mack Rice, was an American songwriter and singer. His best-known composition, and biggest hit as a solo performer, was "Mustang Sally." He also wrote "Respect Yourself" with Luther Ingram. 

Rice died on June 27, 2016 in Detroit, Michigan from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 82.

Alvin Toffler

Alvin Toffler (October 4, 1928 – June 27, 2016) was an American writer and futurist. He was known for his works discussing modern technologies, including the digital revolution and the communication revolution, with emphasis on their effects on cultures worldwide.

Toffler was an associate editor of "Fortune" magazine. In his early works he focused on technology and its impact, which he termed "information overload." In 1970 his first major book about the future, "Future Shock", became a worldwide best-seller and has sold over 6 million copies.

Toffler died in his sleep on June 27, 2016, at his home in Los Angeles, aged 87.

Gertrude Kerbis

Gertrude Lempp Kerbis (1926 – June 14, 2016) was an American architect. She worked for and studied under some of the most significant modernists of her day, including Carl Koch, Walter Gropius and Mies Van Der Rohe. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. 

She played a leading role in designing several major milestones in the development of American modernism. Her projects including the Lustron house, the US Air Force Academy, and the O'Hare International Airport rotunda. She was one of the most famous female architects in the country. She founded the Chicago Women in Architecture in 1973. 

Kerbis died on June 14, 2016 in Chicago from liver cancer, aged 89.

Henry McCullough

Henry Campbell Liken McCullough (21 July 1943 – 14 June 2016) was a Northern Irish guitarist, vocalist and songwriter. He was best known for his work as a member of Spooky Tooth, Paul McCartney & Wings, The Grease Band and Sweeney's Men. He also performed and recorded as a solo artist and session musician.

Gregory Rabassa

Gregory Rabassa (March 9, 1922 – June 13, 2016) was an American literary translator from Spanish and Portuguese to English. He taught for many years at Columbia University and Queens College. 

He worked primarily out of Spanish and Portuguese. He made English-language versions of the works of several major Latin American novelists, including Julio Cortázar, Jorge Amado and Gabriel García Márquez. On the advice of Cortázar, García Márquez waited three years for Rabassa to schedule translating "One Hundred Years of Solitude". He later declared Rabassa's translation to be better to the Spanish original.

Austin Clarke (novelist)

Austin Ardinel Chesterfield "Tom" Clarke (July 26, 1934 – June 26, 2016) was a Barbadian-Canadian novelist, essayist and short story writer. He worked in Toronto, Ontario.

Clarke was a reporter in the Ontario communities of Timmins and Kirkland Lake before joining the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation as a freelance journalist. He taught subsequently at several American universities, including Yale University (Hoyt fellow, 1968–70), Duke University (1971–72), and the University of Texas (visiting professor, 1973).

Military orders, awards and decorations

A military decoration is an award, usually a medal that consists of a ribbon and medallion given to an person for either gallantry, or outstanding service or achievement.

Civil decorations awarded to military personnel are not considered military decorations, although some of them have civil and military divisions. Decorations received by police and fire brigade personnel may sometimes be considered alongside military decorations, on which they may be modelled, although they are strictly not military awards.

Arrondissements of the Corrèze department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Corrèze department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 3 arrondissements of Corrèze are:

Since its creation, the Corrèze department has had some changes:


Barbara Goldsmith

Barbara Goldsmith (Barbara Joan Lubun; May 18, 1931 – June 26, 2016) was an American author, journalist and philanthropist. She was born in New York City. She received critical and popular acclaim for her best selling books, essays, articles and her philanthropic work. Her best known work was "Little Gloria".

She was awarded four honoris causa doctorates, and many awards. She was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. She was honored with two Presidential Commissions, the New York State Council on the Arts and honored by The New York Public Library Literary Lions. In 2009, she received the Knight’s Cross of the Order of Merit medal from the Republic of Poland. 

In November 2008, Goldsmith was elected a “Living Landmark” by the New York Landmarks Conservancy. She had three children and six grandchildren. The "Financial Times" said that "Goldsmith is leaving a legacy—-one of art, literature, friends, family and philanthropy."

Goldsmith died at her home in Manhattan, New York from heart failure on June 26, 2016, aged 85.

Irma Roy

Irma Roy (10 June 1932 – 14 June 2016) was an Argentine actress and politician. She served in the Chamber of Deputies from 1995 to 2005. She was a member of the Justicialist Party. Roy was born in Buenos Aires.

When she was an actress, Roy was known for her roles in "La serpiente de cascabel" (1948), "Al Compás de tu Mentira" (1950), "Cinco grandes y una chica" (1950), "Historia de una noche de niebla" (1950), "The Beautiful Brummel" (1951), "Caídos en el infierno" (1954), "Requiebro" (1955), "Mi marido y mi novio" (1955), "El Derecho a la felicidad" (1968) and in "Las Venganzas de Beto Sánchez" (1973).

Roy died on 14 June 2016 at a hospital in Buenos Aires after suffering from a fall, aged 84. 

Robert T. Paine

Robert Treat "Bob" Paine III (April 13, 1933 – June 13, 2016) was an American ecologist. He spent most of his career at the University of Washington. 

Paine created the keystone species idea to explain the relationship between "Pisaster ochraceus", a species of starfish, and "Mytilus californianus", a species of mussel. Paine's research, and the work of his students, has been hugely influential in the field of ecology.

Paine died from acute myeloid leukemia, a type of blood cancer, at the Swedish Medical Center in Seattle, Washington on June 13, 2016, aged 83.

Acute myeloid leukemia

Acute myeloid leukemia (AML), also known as acute myelogenous leukemia or acute nonlymphocytic leukemia (ANLL), is a cancer of the myeloid line of blood cells. It is the rapid growth of uncommon white blood cells that build up in the bone marrow and harm the production of normal blood cells. AML is the most common acute leukemia affecting adults.

Appendix cancer

Appendix cancer or appendiceal cancers are rare malignancies of the vermiform appendix.

Gastrointestinal stromal tumors are rare tumors with malignant potential. Primary lymphomas can occur in the appendix. Breast cancer, colon cancer, and tumors of the female genital tract may metastasize to the appendix.

Gastrointestinal cancer

Gastrointestinal cancer refers to malignant conditions of the gastrointestinal tract (GI tract) and accessory organs of digestion, including the esophagus, stomach, biliary system, pancreas, small intestine, large intestine, rectum and anus. 

The symptoms relate to the organ affected and can include obstruction (leading to difficulty swallowing or defecating), abnormal bleeding or other associated problems. The diagnosis often requires endoscopy, followed by biopsy of suspicious tissue. 

The treatment depends on the location of the tumor, as well as the type of cancer cell and whether it has invaded other tissues or spread elsewhere. These factors also determine the prognosis.

Ryan Jimmo

Ryan Jimmo (November 27, 1981 – June 26, 2016) was a Canadian mixed martial artist. He competed in the light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. 

He mostly fought in Canada. He competed on the of "The Ultimate Fighter". He was the former MFC Light Heavyweight Champion.

Jimmo died, aged 34, at a hospital in Edmonton, Alberta on June 26, 2016 after being run-over by a truck because he was involved in a fight with the truck driver.

Kim Sung-min

Kim Sung-min (Korean: 김성민, February 14, 1973 – June 26, 2016) was a South Korean actor. He was known for his roles as Lee Joo-wang in the televisions series "Miss Mermaid", the Plastic surgeon in "Time" (2006) and as himself in "The Weight" (2013).

Sung-min committed suicide by hanging himself at his home in Seoul, South Korea, aged 43.

Kim married a dentist called Lee Han-na on February 20, 2013.

On June 24, 2016, Kim Sung Min's wife called the police to check on her husband. She said that he had threatened to kill himself after they had an argument. The police found him trying to commit suicide by hanging himself in the bathroom. He had been in a coma since June 24. On June 26, the police said that Kim Sung Min, was diagnosed as brain dead at 2:00 AM KST. The diagnosis was confirmed at 10:15 AM KST. Kim Sung Min's family agreed to donate his organs.


Kavalam Narayana Panicker

Kavalam Narayana Panicker (28 April 1928 – 26 June 2016) was an Indian dramatist, theatre director and poet. 

He has written over 26 Malayalam plays, many adapted from classical Sanskrit drama and Shakespeare, mainly "Madhyamavyayogam" (1979), Kalidasa's "Vikramorvasiyam" (1981, 1996), "Shakuntalam" (1982), "Karnabharam" (1984, 2001), Bhasa's "Uru Bhangam" (1988), "Swapnavasavadattam" and "Dootavakyam" (1996). 

He was the founder director of theatre troupe, Sopanam, which led to the foundation of Bhashabharati: Centre for Performing Arts, Training and Research, in Trivandrum.

He was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Direction in 1983 by Sangeet Natak Akademi, and its highest award for lifetime achievement, the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship in 2002.

Rostislav Yankovsky

Rostislav Ivanovich Yankovsky (, ; 5 February 1930 – 26 June 2016) was a Belarusian actor. He was born in Odessa. He studied in Leninabad. 

He debuted in the Tajik theatre in 1951. Since 1957, he worked in the Minsk Drama Theatre. Yankovsky was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1978. 

Yankovsky died in Minsk on 26 June 2016 in Minsk, Belarus, aged 86.

Nicolás García Uriburu

Nicolás García Uriburu (December 24, 1937 – June 19, 2016) was an Argentine contemporary artist, landscape architect and ecologist. His work in land art was aimed at raising consciousness about environmental issues such as water pollution. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Uriburu died on June 19, 2016 in Buenos Aires, aged 78.


Sverre Kjelsberg

Sverre Kjelsberg (18 October 1946 – 18 June 2016) was a Norwegian singer, musician (guitar, bass), composer and lyricist. He was a member of the band The Pussycats from 1964. He and Mattis Hætta represented Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980 with the entry "Sámiid Ædnan", which was composed by Kjelsberg and Ragnar Olsen.

On 18 June 2016, Kjelsberg was found dead in his home, aged 69. He had been ill with cancer, but was declared cancer-free in 2015.

Ricardo Obregón Cano

Ricardo Obregón Cano (April 4, 1917 – June 19, 2016) was an Argentine Justicialist Party politician. He was born in Río Cuarto, Córdoba. He was Governor of Córdoba from May 25, 1973, to February 28, 1974.

Götz George

Götz George (23 July 1938 – 19 June 2016) was a German actor. He was the son of actor couple Berta Drews and Heinrich George. His was best known for his role of Duisburg detective Horst Schimanski in the TV crime series "Tatort".


Frank Chapot

Francis Davis "Frank" Chapot (February 24, 1932 – June 20, 2016) was an American equestrian. He competed at six Olympic Games from 1956 until his final effort in 1976 where he won two silver medals in the Team Show Jumping.

Benoîte Groult

Benoîte Groult (January 31, 1920, in Paris – June 20, 2016 in Hyères) was a French journalist, writer and feminist activist.

Her novel "Les vaisseaux du cœur", published in 1988, was called pornographic by some because of its explicit sexual depictions. It was filmed by Andrew Birkin in 1992 as "Salt on Our Skin".

In April 2010, she became Commander of the Légion d'honneur.

Rich Olive

Richard Warren Olive (December 2, 1949 – June 20, 2016) was an American realtor and politician from Iowa. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He served the Fifth District in the Iowa Senate from 2007 until 2011.

On June 20, 2016, Olive died of cancer in Story City, Iowa at the age of 66.

Chayito Valdez

Chayito Valdez (born María del Rosario Valdez Campos; May 28, 1945 – June 20, 2016) was a Mexican-born American singer and actress. She was born in Guasave, Sinaloa. She was sing about folk music of Mexico.

In the early 1970s she recorded four songs the Sinaloan city of Los Mochis: "Besos y Copas", "Una Noche me Embriagué", "Una Sombra" and "Amor que Muere", which earned her a reputation as a Mexican folk singer. She won the fifth "Festival de la Canción Ranchera" with the song "No me pregunten por él". She was also an actress, who appeared in the movie "Zacazonapan".

Valdez moved to Los Angeles, California in 1982 and became a US citizen. On September 17, 1985, she suffered an automobile accident that left her in a wheelchair.

Valdez died from complications of a cerebral hemorrhage in Coronado, California on June 20, 2016, aged 71.


Edgard Pisani

Edgard Pisani (; 9 October 1918 – 20 June 2016) was a French statesman, philosopher, and writer. 

He held positions in various governments in France: Senator (1954–1961; 1974–1981), Minister of Agriculture (1961–1966), Parliamentarian (1967–1968), European Commissioner (1981–1985), Minister of New Caledonia (1985), President of the Arab World Institute (1988–1995). In 1992, with Bertrand Hervieu, he formed the "Groupe de Seillac" followed in 1995 by the "Groupe de Bruges", both being think tanks.

Cinna Lomnitz

Cinna Lomnitz Aronsfrau (4 May 1925 – 7 July 2016) was a German-born Chilean-Mexican geophysicist of Jewish descent. He known for his work in the fields of rock mechanics and seismology. 

Lomnitz was born in Cologne, Germany. He graduated as engineer from the University of Chile in 1948. He then studied with Karl von Terzaghi in Harvard University and obtained a Master's degree in soil mechanics there. 

He became editor of the journal "Geofísica Internacional" in 1990. He is the father of Claudio Lomnitz. Lomnitz died in 2016 at the age of 91.

Leonard Lee

Leonard G. Lee, CM (July 17, 1938 – July 7, 2016) was a Canadian entrepreneur. He was the founder of Lee Valley Tools and Canica Design. In 1991, he founded Algrove Publishing. In 2002, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada for "being a successful entrepreneur."

Lee died of vascular dementia in Ottawa, Ontario on July 7, 2016, aged 77.

Eora

The Eora people are a group of Aboriginal Australians. They were skilled hunter–fisher–gatherers. They lived in family groups (clans) along the coastal area of what is now known as the Sydney basin, in New South Wales, Australia. Their traditional territory spreads from Botany Bay north to Pittwater at the mouth of the Hawkesbury River.

Rock engravings, shell mounds and other evidence found by archaeologists suggests that Eora people may have lived in Australia for over 50 000 years.

Many of the Eora people died during the 1800s as a result of smallpox and other diseases. There are still people who identify as the descendants of the Eora and are living in Sydney today.

The Eora people are made up of many clans (groups) including the Cadigal, the Wanegal, and the Cammeraygal.

They spoke languages now known as Dharug, Dharawal and Kurringgai. Several Eora words have found their way into Australian English, for example dingo, gibba and woomera.

The traditional Eora people lived along the coast of the Sydney region, surrounded by beaches, rivers, mountains and forests. Like most indigenous people, they were hunter-gatherers. They did not have a specific piece of land which they owned, but they moved and lived from place to place.

They mainly fed on fresh produce from the sea including fish, turtles and other seafood. There were also many animals they hunted for food, especially ducks, cockatoos and pigeons. They were experts in close-to-shore navigation, fishing and making fire. They travelled along the coast and fished in bark canoes. The Eora people did not grow or plant crops - they ate the berries, seeds and fruit that the land provided. They never took more than what was needed from the land, and managed the land so they wouldn't waste its resources. The women picked herbs which were used in herbal remedies.

The Eora people camped nearby the water and slept in caves when it rained. They kept close to rivers and waterways because it was their main source of food. When it got cold, blankets of animal fur were used for warmth. They also kept warm by keeping small fires going.

The Eora were very spiritual people. They believed that inside everything was a living spirit. They also believed that if land was taken away from them that all the spirits in that land would also die. Celebrations, rituals and ceremonies were an important part of life for the Eora peoples. Some initiation ceremonies were secret and only attended by males. As part of the boys’ initiation, knowledge and beliefs were passed on for their role as an adult. Boys went through a tooth ceremony in which their front tooth was knocked out. The missing tooth was a sign to others that the boy had been initiated. Girls learned cooking and knowledge of medicinal plants and roots, and how to track small animals.

The Eora peoples are the traditional owners of the land that is now inner Sydney. They were present during the arrival of the First Fleet.

When the First Fleet arrived in January, 1788 transporting thousands of prisoners, the Eora peoples thought the ships had come to stop for supplies and water. Some of the Eora believed the ships were in fact spirits. They soon realised that the British had come to stay.

Governor Phillip wanted to establish friendly relationships with the Eora peoples and commanded the convicts and marines to treat them well. It wasn’t long before clashes broke out between the two groups. Both the Eora and the European settlers were responsible for attacks. People on both sides were killed.

Fighting with European settlers, the introduction of new diseases like smallpox, and the destruction of their natural food sources saw about 90 per cent of the Eora people die out between 1788 and 1900.

Many Eora peoples moved away from the Sydney region to escape from European settlers and the diseases that were spreading in the area such as smallpox. Some who stayed adopted European customs like wearing clothes, smoking pipes of tobacco and drinking alcohol. They gave up their traditional ways of life and depended on settlers to give them food. 

Bennelong, a Wangal of the Eora peoples, served as a link between the British colony at Sydney and the Eora people in the early days of the colony. He was given a brick hut on what became known as Bennelong Point where the Sydney Opera House now stands. He traveled to England in 1792 along with Yemmerrawanne and returned to Sydney in 1795. His wife, Barangaroo, was an important Cammeraygal woman from Sydney's early history who was a powerful and colourful figure in the colonisation of Australia. She is commemorated in the naming of the suburb of Barangaroo, in east Darling Harbour.

2016 shooting of Dallas police officers

The 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers was an incident in which five police officers were killed by a man with a gun in Dallas, Texas. Six other officers and a civilian were also injured.

Earlier in the week, two black men were killed by police: one in Louisiana, another in Minnesota. In Dallas on July 7, people protested against police brutality. The protest was not violent. But just before 9 p.m. (Central time) while the protest was ending, Micah Xavier Johnson began shooting police officers. A suspicious package was found near the area.

President Barack Obama spoke against the attacks, saying the shootings were a "vicious, calculated, despicable attack" and a "tremendous tragedy."

Thrift Shop (song)

"Thrift shop" is a song by Macklemore and Ryan Lewis. It was released on August 27, 2012. This song is Macklemore's eighth career single and the fourth single from their album "The Heist". The song has vocals from Wanz. The song was written to show Macklemore's esteem for thrift shops and saving money. The lyrics go against the displaying of expensive items many rappers do. Music reviewers liked the song for its funny lyrics and social critique. It was released in the United Kingdom in January 2013.

The song received extensive critical recognition. It has been called a critique of the advertising common in modern hip hop. However, "The New York Times" critic Jon Caramanica says, "it's not quite the robust sendup of hip-hop-extravagance clichés that it aspires to be." Robert Copsey from Digital Spy rated the song 5 out of 5 stars, calling it "a rare beast of a song - original, musically daring and genuinely funny."

In the United States, the song got onto the "Billboard" Hot 100 on September 15, 2012. It dropped out the next week but entered again six weeks later on October 20, 2012. The song then rose the chart until it entered the top ten on January 5, 2013. It replaced Bruno Mars' "Locked Out of Heaven" at number one in its 16th week. It remained at the top for six weeks in total. It has also topped the Rap Songs chart for fifteen weeks. It's the first song in the history of the Digital Songs chart to jump in sales in each of its first five weeks at the top of the chart. "Thrift Shop" sold 6,148,000 copies in 2013. This made it the second best-selling single of 2013 in the US after Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines". As of November 2015, the song has sold 7,740,000 downloads in the United States. This makes it the fifth all-time best-selling digital single in the country.

The song was also successful on "Billboard"'s component charts. It was at the top of the Digital Songs chart for ten weeks. It was also at the top of "Billboard"'s Radio Songschart for two weeks. It reached number one on the On-Demand Songs chart and stayed there for eleven weeks until March 30, 2013. It set a record on that chart as the first song to reach two million streams in a single week. The song also topped the R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for fourteen weeks straight. It is also only the second independent song to get the number one spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, nearly 20 years after Lisa Loeb's "Stay (I Missed You)" in 1994.

In the United Kingdom, "Thrift Shop" entered at number twenty four on the UK Singles Chart. However, it was available as a single via iTunes since August 1, 2012. The next week, the single rose twenty-two positions to number two. Two weeks after entering the chart, the song rose one place to a peak of number one on February 10, 2013. This made Macklemore and Ryan Lewis only the second act to get a number one in Britain with a self-released single. As of July 2013, "Thrift Shop" has sold 680,000 copies in the UK.

The music video for the song was co-directed by Jon Jon Augustavo, Macklemore and Ryan Lewis. It was released on Lewis' YouTube channel on August 29, 2012. It was filmed at several thrift shops in Seattle. Macklemore tried to get rapper Sir Mix-a-Lot in the video but he did not return the calls. Some local Seattle musicians like Thomas Grey of Champagne Champagne are in the music video. The video was nominated at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards for Video of the Year.

Mont-Tramelan

Mont-Tramelan is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Moosseedorf

Moosseedorf is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The village is located south of Moossee, the lake that gives it its name.

Mörigen

Mörigen is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

It is located on the southern shore of Lake Biel.


Javed Akhtar (cricketer)

Javed Akhtar (21 November 1940 – 8 July 2016) was a Pakistani cricketer. He played in one Test in 1962. He was an off spinner. He had success at first-class level, taking his wickets at an average of 18.17, but struggled in his only Test, failing to take a wicket. He played for the Pakistan national cricket team.

He later became an umpire, standing in 18 Tests and 40 ODIs from 1980 to 1999.

John O'Rourke (footballer)

John O'Rourke (11 February 1945 – 7 July 2016) was a former professional English footballer. He was a centre forward.

During his career, he played for Ipswich Town F.C., Middlesbrough F.C., Coventry City F.C., Luton Town F.C., Queens Park Rangers and A.F.C. Bournemouth.

Rahul Dravid

Rahul Dravid is a sports player who has stopped playing professionally. He used to play cricket and was captain of the national cricket team of India. He was famous, and many people think he is one of the best cricket players ever. He scored the fourth-moust runs of any player, after Sachin Tendulkar, Ricky Ponting and Jacques Kallis. He was born in January 11, 1973 in Indore, Madhya Pradesh in India. He is the only player in the world to score a century against all ten test playing countries. 

Rahul Sharad Dravid played his first debut match against the team from England. He played against Sri Lanka in his ODI debut match. He played only a one international T20 match, against England.

Dravid played 164 Test cricket matches and 344 ODI matches. Rahul Dravid scored 13,288 runs in Test cricket and 10,899 runs in ODIs. He picked up 4 wickets in ODIs and 1 wicket in Test cricket. Rahul Dravid made 36 centuries and 63 fifties in Test matches and 12 centuries and 83 fifties in ODIs.

Rahul Dravid is one of the best wicket keepers of his time. His performances in wicket keeping are as follows: Catches\Stumpings in Test Cricket: 210\0, ODIs: 196\14.
His best batting score in a single inning of the Test match is 270 runs. His best batting score in ODI is 153. His best bowling performances are Test cricket-1/18, One day International-2/43.
In the Indian Premier League he played on the Royal Challengers Bangalore and Rajasthan Royals teams. In other types of cricket he played for Karnataka, Kent, Scottish Saltiers and the Marylebone Cricket Club.


Bühl

Bühl or Bühl bei Aarberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Mötschwil

Mötschwil was a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Mötschwil became a part of Hindelbank.

Moutier

Moutier is a town of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. There were two votes, whether they wanted to be with Bern or Jura. In the last one, a majority voted for Jura. From 2026, the town will become part of Jura.


Altenhohenau

Altenhohenau was a Dominican convent in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the municipality of Griesstätt, near Wasserburg on the Inn river.

Dominican nuns from Nürnberg started the community in 1235. Count Konrad von Wasserburg and his wife, Kunigunde were the founders.

In 1465, the community accepted reform. The reform started in the Schönensteinback convent in Alsace. Ten nuns from Schönensteinback went to St. Catherine's convent in Nuremberg. Before the reform, the library at St. Catherine's had 45 books. After the reform it had 500-600 books. The nuns at St. Catherine's helped other convents with their libraries. The convents needed books for the new prayers and rules of the reform. They helped St. Catherine's convent in St. Gall to copy books. They gave many books to the convents at Fraenaurach and Altenhohenau.

Mühleberg

Mühleberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Allenlüften, Aumatt, Brand, Buch bei Mühleberg, Buttenried, Dällenbach, Eggenberg, Fluh, Fuchsenried, Gäu, Grossmühleberg, Gümmenau, Gümmenen, Haselholz, Heggidorn, Juchlishaus, Kirchmoos, Ledi, Mädersforst, Marfeldingen, Mauss, Michelsforst, Mühleberg, Niederruntigen, Oberei bei Mühleberg, Rosshäusern, Rüplisried, Rüplisried-Mauss, Salzweid, Schnurrenmühle, Spengelried, Strassacker, Trüllern and Zihlacker.


Arrondissement of Brive-la-Gaillarde

The arrondissement of Brive-la-Gaillarde is an arrondissement of France, in the Corrèze department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Brive-la-Gaillarde (or "Brive" for short).

When the Corrèze department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde was part of that original department.

It is the southernmost of the "arrondissements" of the department with an area of . It has 130,034 inhabitants (2014) and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde is in the southeastern part of department and is bordered to the north by the Haute-Vienne department, to the northeast and east by the "arrondissement" of Tulle, to the south by the Lot department and to the west by the Dordogne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde, only two cantons do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": (Midi corrézien and Uzerche). The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde has 97 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Mühledorf, Bern

Mühledorf was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Gelterfingen, Mühledorf and Noflen merged into the municipality of Kirchdorf.

Mühlethurnen

Mühlethurnen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the former municipalities of Kirchenthurnen, Lohnstorf and Mühlethurnen merged to form the new municipality of Thurnen.


Carmelo Borg Pisani

Carmelo Borg Pisani (August 10, 1915–November 28, 1942) was a Maltese who considered himself to be Italian. Politically he was a pro-Italian Maltese and Italian nationalist. He was born in Senglea (Malta) and executed at "Corradino" prison in Malta . 

Carmelo Borg Pisani is the only Maltese decorated with the Italian "Gold Medal of military honor". He is also the only man -not born inside a territory that has been officially part of Italy- to have received this honor.

Translation: "Maltese unredeemed and, as such, exempt from military service, repeatedly sought and was granted to be enlisted, despite a severe physical imperfections. As black shirt participated in the Greek campaign, during which contracted an illness that should have been under way for surgical procedure, which is subtracted for not even for a few days away from the battlefield. Awarded to the official appointment of the maritime militia artillery, insistently she asked to be used in a risky enterprise of war, to which he prepared in the long months of training and study, in perfect peace of mind and in full awareness of the severity of hazards. Captured by the enemy, reaffirmed in front of the British court martial of Malta his Italian nationality and came under the lead of the firing squad shouting "Long live Italy in Malta. The shining example of heroism, faith, sacrifice and virtue military, which is linked to the purest traditions of irredentism. Malta, 1942"

Born into a very well respected Catholic and Nationalist Maltese family, Pisani enrolled as a student at the "Umberto Primo art lyceum", where he won a scholarship to study in Rome. In Italy he showed support for fascism and Italian irredentism. 

When war was declared on June 10, 1940, Pisani (who had just requested the Italian citizenship) was still attending the "Accademia di Belle Arti" (the "National Academy of Arts" of Italy) in Rome.

Pisani believed that Malta's Latin soul was being destroyed by British rule. He also believed that the best opportunity to restore Malta to its original state was to expel the British. 

To this end, Pisani joined the Fascist party of Italy and the "Black shirt" (Camicie Nere) paramilitary organisation. This led him to participate in the Italian occupation of Kefalonia in Greece with the "Compagnia Speciale del Gruppo CC.NN. da sbarco della 50a Legione". He decided to get the Italian citizenship in 1940. In 1941 he was enrolled in the Italian Navy as a "Sottocapo Manipolo Milizia Artiglieria Marittima".

On May 18, 1942, Pisani was sent on a secret mission to be the first Axis spy on the island of Malta. This was in line with Benito Mussolini's ambitions to have the British turn the island over to Italy.

Pisani disembarked at the "Dingli Cliffs" in Ras id-Dawwara, and transferred all his rations to the cave, which he knew well from his youth. The unusually inclement weather and the rough sea, however, washed all his possessions away within 48 hours and he was forced to wave down a British patrol boat. Upon rescue, he was brought to the Military Hospital at Mtarfa.

There, Pisani was recognized by one of his childhood friends, British Capitain Tom Warrington. He was transferred to Corradino prison, questioned, and accused of treason. On November 12, 1942, he stood trial. The public was excluded to avoid a possible hostile reaction from the Maltese Fascists; however, by this time, the fascists in Malta were either interned in Uganda or deported to Italy.

Since the "Maltese Legal Code" was suspended during the war, a jury was not convened. In addition, the judges did not consider his renouncement of British citizenship and passport, his acquisition of Italian citizenship, and his participation in combat with the Italian Army. In fact, the latter only weakened his position, since he fought against Greece, an ally of the United Kingdom. On November 19, 1942, he was sentenced to death for conspiring against His Majesty's government and for treason. His execution followed quickly in just nine days.

The King of Italy, Victor Emmanuel III, awarded him a few days after his death with the highest Italian military medal (the "Medaglia d'oro al Valor Militare alla memoria"), because he considered Carmelo Borg Pisani an Italian soldier with Italian citizenship.

His family still awaits approval to bury his body outside the garrison where was executed.

Mussolini called him a "Maltese Martyr" and created in his honor in Liguria the "Battaglione Borg Pisani" in November 1943, where other Maltese irredentists fought. His tomb is still in "Corradino" jail. Inside his own jail was found written by him: "I vili ed i servi non sono graditi al Signore" ("The cowards and the servants are not esteemed by the Lord").




Arrondissement of Tulle

The arrondissement of Tulle is an arrondissement of France, in the Corrèze department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Tulle.

When the Corrèze department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Tulle was part of that original department.

It is the central "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has 78,408 inhabitants (2014) and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Tulle is in the centre of the department and is bordered to the north by the Haute-Vienne department, to the northeast and east by the "arrondissement" of Ussel, to the southeast by the Cantal department, to the south by the Lot department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Brive-la-Gaillarde.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Tulle, only three cantons do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": Haute-Dordogne, Midi corrézien and Uzerche. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Tulle has 106 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Arrondissement of Ussel

The arrondissement of Ussel is an arrondissement of France, in the Corrèze department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Ussel.

When the Corrèze department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Ussel was part of that original department.

It is the northernmost "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has 32,898 inhabitants (2014) and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Ussel is in the northern part of the department and is bordered to the northwest (a small part) by the Haute-Vienne department, to the north by the Creuse department, to the east by the Puy-de-Dôme department, to the southeast by the Cantal department, and to the southwest and west by the "arrondissement" of Tulle.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Ussel, only one canton does not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement": the Haute-Dordogne. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Ussel has 80 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Choi-Yong-kun

Choi Yong-kun (Korea:최용건;hanja:崔庸健, July 21, 1900 – September 19, 1976) was Chinese and North Korean soldier, Korea independence activist and politician. nickname was Seokcheon(석천;石泉), ohtername was Chuhae(추해;秋海), Ryong-gun(룡건;龍健).

Choi was born Seosung, in Taecheon, he was study to Taecheon premiry school and In 1919 Jeongju Ohsan Middle school. but Marth 1921 he was Withdrawal to middle school. In 1923 he was go to china and entrance into Winnan Military Academy school, Graduated to two years later. In 1924 to April 1925 he was Apprenticeships Military trainers of Hwangpu Military Academy, but he was involved to Guangzhou riots. later he was eacape to Manchu. In 1936 to 1939 he was activity to Northeast Anti-Japanese coalition forces, 1940's he was go to USSR.

In October 1945, he was return to his country, he was appointed to Central Committee of People's Committee Association of the South Pyongan Province and joint to Chosun communism party and Chosun labor party. In 1946 header of Chosun Democratic party, in February 1947 he was first Commander-in-Chief was Korean people's Army until 1950.

In September 2, 1948, he was joint to North Korean government. so he was appoint to first Defense Minister of North Korea, first Korean Supreme People's lawmakers, In 1950 to 1952, he was joint to Korea War, Choi was Seoul defense system commander and Incheon defense system commander.

In October 1957 he was vice head state of North Korea and In March 10, 1958 to December 18, 1972 he was head state of North Korea. In December 1958 to 6 July, 1959 appoint to Committee Chair of Health Committee, 1972 until his death, he was vice president of North Korea.

Comma-separated values

In computing, a comma-separated values (CSV) file stores information you might find in a spreadsheet, such as a table of text, numbers, and dates, in a plain text file.

Typically, the first line in a plain text file would contain header information, which are labels for table information organized vertically. Starting with the second line, each line would represent a row. Each cell in a row is separated by a comma, hence its name.

The following is a simple example of this type of file. The example has three columns (labeled 'name', 'age', and 'favorite color'), and four rows (including the header line at the top).
name,age,favorite color
Alice,12,green
Bob,23,purple
Jane,34,blue
Text in a cell may be surrounded by quotation character (<nowiki>"</nowiki>), to note the start and end of a cell (a particular column and row location) in a table. Quotation characters in a cell value in turn can be denoted by doubling the quotation character (<nowiki>""</nowiki>). This is primarily used to signify that a particular cell contains data that may be confusing to a computer that's trying to read the file. A common example of this is when a cell contains a comma as part of it's data. Without the quotation marks, it's unclear if the comma denotes a separation between cells:
name,age
Smith, Joe,45
Choi, Ceri,56
Plummer, Olive,23
or if it should be part of the cell's data:
"name","age"
"Smith, Joe","45"
"Choi, Ceri","56"
"Plummer, Olive","23"
CSV is a way to describe table data. However, various applications may require different types of tables. Having a file in CSV format may not be enough for a file to be compatible with a particular application.

Furthermore, CSV is stored in plain text. An application may have problems reading a CSV file because of incompatibility with the plain text format, either because of the character encoding or line break format.

Mülchi

Mülchi was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Mülchi, Büren zum Hof, Etzelkofen, Grafenried, Limpach, Schalunen and Zauggenried merged into the municipality of Fraubrunnen.

Münchenbuchsee

Münchenbuchsee is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is famous as the birthplace of painter Paul Klee.

Angiosperm Phylogeny Group

The Angiosperm Phylogeny Group (APG) is an informal international group of botanists who came together to get a consensus on the taxonomy of flowering plants (angiosperms). They wanted to base it on plant relationships got from phylogeny.

Four versions of a classification system have come from this collaboration. They were published in 1998, 2003, 2009 and 2016. Earlier angiosperm classifications were not based on monophyletic groups (i.e., groups that include all the descendants of a common ancestor).

The principles of the APG's approach to classification were set out in the first paper of 1998, and have remained unchanged in subsequent revisions. Briefly, these are: 


For a detailed discussion on phylogenetic nomenclature, see Cantino "et al" 2007.

The latest version is APG IV.

Attiswil

Attiswil is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.


Abdul Sattar Edhi

Abdul Sattar Edhi (Memoni, ; 1 January 1928 – 8 July 2016) was a Pakistani philanthropist, social activist, ascetic, and humanitarian. He was the founder and head of the Edhi Foundation in Pakistan. He ran the organization for 60 years. He was known as Angel of Mercy. He was thought to be Pakistan's "most respected" and legendary figure. 

In 2013, "The Huffington Post" said that he might be "the world's greatest living humanitarian."

Kapil Dev

Kapil Dev is a former Indian cricket player. He was an all rounder, a right hand batsman and right arm fast bowler. He captained the Indian cricket team when it won the 1983 World Cup. 

Kapil Dev Ramlal Nikhanj was born on 6 January 1959 in Chandigarh, Punjab, India. As a technical bowler, he was known as the "Haryana hurricane". He got a joint man of the match with the Australian cricketer Dean Jones.

Kapil Dev was the captain who led the Indian team to its first World Cup win in 1983. He got 434 wickets and scored 5248 runs with 8 centuries and 27 fifties in test cricket. He got 253 wickets and 3783 runs in ODIs. He is the only player in the history of cricket to have taken more than 400 wickets (434 wickets) and scored more than 5,000 runs in Tests.

Münchenwiler

Münchenwiler () is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Münchringen

Münchringen was a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Münchringen and Scheunen merged into the municipality of Jegenstorf.

Münsingen

Münsingen (, Bernese German: "Münsige") is a town and municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Trimstein merged into the municipality of Münsingen and On 1 January 2017, the former municipality of Tägertschi merged into the municipality of Münsingen.

The municipality lies on the River Aare between the cities of Bern and Thun.


Müntschemier

Müntschemier () is a little municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Battle of Shepherdstown

The Battle of Shepherdstown (also known as the Battle of Boteler's Ford) was fought on September 19 and 20, 1862. It was the last of four battles that made up the Maryland Campaign of the American Civil War.

In early September of 1862, General Robert E. Lee's Maryland Campaign saw the first invasion of the North by the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. Lee's plan was to win over the citizens of Maryland, a border state, to the Confederate side. A victory in the North could also convince England and France to recognize the Confederate states as a legitimate country. The Maryland Campaign had so far consisted of three battles: the Battle of Harpers Ferry, the Battle of South Mountain and the bloody Battle of Antietam. The fourth battle was the Battle of Shepherdstown.

After Antietam, Lee's army was retreating back across the Potomac River at Boteler's Ford, about 1 mile east of Shepherdstown. Brigadier general William N. Pendleton, an ordained Episcopal minister before the war, was given command of the rearguard at Boteler's Ford covering the withdrawal of the Army of Northern Virginia back into Virginia. He was Lee's chief of artillery. As such he would dispatch various artillery units to other commands. But he had never commanded troops himself.

As the battle-weary Confederate troops crossed the river into what is now Jefferson County, West Virginia, their crossing was being protected by Pendleton's artillerymen manning about 35 cannons on the bluffs on the south side of the river. But the odd collection of cannons had several short-range howitzers and a number of obsolete six pounders incapable of reaching the opposite Maryland bluffs. Pendleton also had command of two understrength infantry brigades he stationed along the riverbank.

The last of Lee's infantry was crossing the river by early afternoon on September 19. Lee then sent General J.E.B. Stuart's cavalry to a second crossing near Williamsport, Maryland. Just as the last of the Confederates were wading ashore, Union General Alfred Pleasonton arrived with a scouting force of Union cavalrymen. He had orders from Major general George B. McClellan not to follow the retreating rebels into Virginia "unless you see a splendid opportunity to inflict great damage upon the enemy without loss to yourself." Seeing the Confederates on the South side covered by artillery on the bluffs above, he did not immediately cross the river. Instead he set up 70 cannons on the north side of the Potomac. He then ordered the cannons to open fire on the Confederates. The Confederate artillery returned fire as best they could. That same morning Union general Fitz John Porter's V Corps had arrived. He had orders from McClellan to support Pleasonton and attack the Confederates as they retreated. As night approached, Porter's 500 or so Union soldiers began crossing the Potomac. The Union troops attacked Lee's rearguard and proceeded to capture several of Pendleton's cannon. With his artillery overpowered Pendleton panicked and left his post as commander of the Confederate forces to look for reinforcements. Shortly after midnight Pendleton found Lee. He told his commander he had lost all of his cannon and Federal troops were on the South shore. In fact, the Union forces had only captured five of his cannons. In his absence, the Confederate artillerymen had moved the remaining cannon back to safety.

Early in the morning hundreds more Union troops began crossing the Potomac to join the 500 already there. As they pushed into Shepherdstown they met the Confederate reinforcements commanded by general Stonewall Jackson. Porter, seeing he was badly outnumbered ordered his men back to the Maryland side of the river. But some could not escape before the Confederates opened fire on them. One unit, the 118th Pennsylvania Infantry, was pinned down and could not cross back into Maryland. They were inexperienced and had been issued poor quality muskets that did not always fire. Some scrambled down the cliffs to cross the water under fire. The regiment lost a total of 269 casualties out of 737 men. For the rest of the day the two sides remained in their positions on either side of the Potomac. The battle ended in a stalemate.

Ussel, Corrèze

Ussel () is a French commune, a "subprefecture" in the Corrèze department in central France. It is in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Ussel.

It is the capital of the old, historical region of "Haute-Corrèze".

Ussel is in the Massif Central on the foot of the plateau de Millevaches. The city itself is on top of a hill between the valleys of the Diège and the Sarsonne rivers.

The "commune" of Ussel has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The city of Ussel is at about from Bordeaux, at from Toulouse, at from Paris and at from Lyon.

The "commune" of Ussel is surrounded by the "communes":

Three rivers flow through the "commune"ː the river Diège (the town sometimes is called "Ussel-sur-Diège"), the river Sarsonne and the stream "Étang Roux".

The climate of Ussel, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of this city are known, in French, as "Usselois" (women: "Usseloises").

With a population of 9,772, Ussel has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Ussel

Ussel is a subprefecture of the Corrèze department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Ussel and the administrative centre () of the canton of Ussel.

It is part of the intercommunality "Haute-Corrèze" ().

Ussel is twinned with:



Hekatonkheires

The Hekatonkheires ( - "Hundred-handed ones") are one of the three races of beings born to Ouranos and Gaia, the primordial gods of the sky and the Earth. Their names are Kottos (), Briareos () and Gyges (). 

The Hekatonkheires received their name because they each have a hundred arms, fifty on each side of their bodies. Despised by their father, the Hekatonkheires were thrown into Tartarus alongside their brothers, the Elder Cyclopes, guarded by the monster Kampê. Many years later, Zeus, alongside his brothers and sisters, freed the Hekatonkheires and the Elder Cyclopes from their prison so that they might help them in their war against the Titans. During the war, the Hekatonkheires threw rocks at Mount Othrys, the Titans' base, reducing the mountain to half its original size. After the Titanomachy, the Titans were cast into Tartarus, and Zeus appointed the Hekatonkheires to be their jailers. 

Neuenegg

Neuenegg is a municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Nidau

Nidau is a municipality of the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Niederbipp

Niederbipp is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the Swiss canton of Bern. On 1 January 2020, the former municipality of Wolfisberg merged into Niederbipp.


Ebbs

Ebbs is a small village in the Kufstein district in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is north of Kufstein at the border with Bavaria, Germany. The village has seven parts. It was mentioned for the first time as "Episas" in 788. Rumors came up that settlement began in the Roman age. The main source of income is tourism but the village also has commuters.


Milos Raonic

Milos Raonic (born December 27, 1990) is a Canadian professional tennis player. 

Raonic was born in Titograd, Socialist Republic of Montenegro, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. He moved to Brampton, Ontario, Canada in 1994. He lives in Monte Carlo, Monaco. His uncle is Montenegrin politician Branimir Gvozdenovíc.

Raonic is the most successful Canadian singles player. He turned pro in 2008. He represented Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics. His world ranking peaked at no. 3 in November 2016. He was the losing finalist of the 2016 Wimbledon Championships.

Antonino Natoli of Patti

Antonino da Patti, also called Antonio da Patti, was a Sicilian priest. In 1596 he was made an apostolic visitor for the Order of Reformed Friars Minor in the Terra di Lavoro. He suffered many persecutions, and died in Rome the 6th January 1618. He was buried at the church of San Francesco a Ripa.

Greg Rusedski

Gregory Rusedski (born 6 September 1973) is a retired Canadian-British tennis player.

Rusedski was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. His mother is English. His father was born in Germany and was of Polish and Ukrainian descent.

Rusedski turned pro in 1991 and played for Canada until 1995. From 1995 until his retirement in 2007, he played for Great Britain. He was the losing finalist in the 1997 U.S. Open. His world ranking peaked at no.4 later that year. He was the British number 1 in 1997 and 1999. He competed in the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.

Rusedski was a contestant on "Dancing on Ice" in 2008. He lives in London.

Eugenie Bouchard

Eugenie Bouchard (born February 25, 1994) is a Canadian professional tennis player. She was born in Montreal, Quebec. She lives in Miami Beach, Florida.

Bouchard turned professional in 2009. She was the losing finalist at the 2014 Wimbledon Championships. Her world ranking peaked at no.5 later that year.

Niederhünigen

Niederhünigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Dotzigen

Dotzigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Niedermuhlern

Niedermuhlern is a municipality of the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland located in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Niederönz

Niederönz is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Niederönz is west of Herzogenbuchsee.


Niederösch

Niederösch was a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Niederösch and Oberösch merged into the municipality of Ersigen.

Johnny Barnes

Johnny Barnes (born John James Randolf Adolphus Mills, June 23, 1923 – July 9, 2016) was a Bermudian entertainer. He was known for waving to passing traffic at the Foot of the Lane roundabout in Hamilton, Bermuda. He became so loved and well known that the government of Bermuda created a statue of Barnes and be placed in Hamilton. 

Barnes died on July 9, 2016 in Hamilton, aged 93.

Geneviève Castrée

Geneviève Elverum (born Gosselin; April 9, 1981 – July 9, 2016), also known as Geneviève Castrée, was a Canadian comics artist, illustrator, and musician. She was from Loretteville, Quebec. She once recorded under the name Woelv and later switched to Ô PAON.

Castrée died on 9 July 2016 from pancreatic cancer in Anacortes, Washington, aged 34.

Vaughn Harper

Vaughn Harper (March 7, 1945 – July 9, 2016) was an American broadcast announcer and DJ. In 1976, Harper became a nighttime Radio DJ for WBLS (107.5 FM) in New York City. He was known for his soft voice so he was nicknamed "the Quiet Storm". He was an active basketball broadcaster for small teams.

Harper died from complications of diabetes on July 9, 2016 in Syracuse, New York, aged 71.

Wolfram Siebeck

Wolfram Siebeck (19 September 1928 – 7 July 2016) was a German journalist, author and food critic. He used to criticize fast food, TV dinners, subsidized agriculture and Intensive animal farming. Siebeck was born in Duisburg.

Silvano Piovanelli

Silvano Piovanelli (21 February 1924 – 9 July 2016) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Florence from 1983 to 2001. He was elevated to the cardinalate in 1985. He was born in Borgo San Lorenzo, Kingdom of Italy.

Piovanelli died on 9 July 2016 in Florence, Italy, aged 92.

Jacques Rouffio

Jacques Rouffio (14 August 1928 – 8 July 2016) was a French movie director and screenwriter. His 1986 movie "My Brother-in-law Killed My Sister" was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival.

Rouddio died on 8 July 2016 in Paris, aged 87.

Harold A. Linstone

Harold Adrian Linstone (June 15, 1924 – July 8, 2016) was a German-born American mathematician, consultant, futurist and University Professor Emeritus of Systems Science at Portland State University and a specialist in applied mathematics. He was born in Hamburg.

Linstone was editor-in-chief of the professional journal "Technological Forecasting and Social Change", which he founded in 1969.

Linstone died on July 8, 2016 in Portland, Oregon, aged 92.


Mamnoon Hussain

Hussain briefly served as Governor of Sindh in 1999. His term as governor was cut short by the military coup d'état staged in 1999. After the PML(N) secured majority in general elections held in 2013, Hussain was nominated and elected as President of Pakistan on 30 July 2013. He won the election in a landslide victory winning 432 votes to his rival Wajihuddin Ahmed's 77 votes.

In February 2020, Hussain was diagnosed with cancer. He died from the disease on 14 July 2021 at a hospital in Karachi, aged 80.

FreeThe20 campaign

FreeThe20 is a campaign to call attention to women who are political prisoners around the world. The campaign names twenty women who are imprisoned unjustly. Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, started the campaign for the twentieth anniversary of the Beijing Declaration.

The reason for the campaign was to tell governments to stop putting women in prison, and to tell the women and their families that they are not alone. There were twenty names of women in twenty days, one for every year since the Beijing Declaration. 

In September 2015, a bipartisan "#FreeThe20" bill was introduced to the U.S Senate. All twenty women senators of the two political parties supported the bill. They said,

For status of the women updated to the end of the Powers' term as Secretary of State, see #FreeThe20 Women Political Prisoners and Prisoners of Concern Campaign .

The following women are still imprisoned (updated March 2017):


The following women have been released (alphabetical):


Sydney Schanberg

Sydney Hillel Schanberg (January 17, 1934 – July 9, 2016) was an American journalist. He was best known for his coverage of the war in Cambodia. He has been the recipient of a Pulitzer Prize in 1976 for his reporting on the war.

Schanberg died on July 9, 2016 in Poughkeepsie, New York on July 9, 2016 from a heart attack, aged 82.

Clinton, Massachusetts

Clinton is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 15,428 at the 2020 census.


Anatoli Isayev

Anatoli Konstantinovich Isayev (; 14 July 1932 – 10 July 2016) was a Soviet football player and Soviet and Russian coach. Isayev made his debut for USSR in 1955. He first played against West Germany. He played in the 1958 FIFA World Cup qualifiers but was not selected for the final tournament squad. He was born in Moscow.

Isayev died on 10 July 2016 in Moscow, aged 84.

Aziza Siddiqui

Aziza Siddiqui is a human rights activist from Afghanistan. In 2007, Siddiqui received the International Women of Courage Award.

Aziza Siddiqui was born in Afghanistan. When she was 8 years old, her family moved to Pakistan because of war. In 2003 she returned to Afghanistan.

In Afghanistan, Siddiqui worked with Action Aid, an Afghan NGO. She taught women in the northern provinces about their rights. She talked to men about women making decisions. Villages got $50 if they had a man in the council to make decisions. If they also had a woman in the council, they got $100. 

After Siddiqui traveled to Washington D.C. to receive the award, her family told her to stay in the U.S. They said it was not safe to go back to Afghanistan. In 2008, Siddiqui worked as a case worker for BIAS, Bi-lingual International Assistant Services in St. Louis. She worked with immigrants. She also worked as an interpreter for the International Institute.

Sundus Abbas

Sundus Abbas (‎) is an Iraqi activist for women's rights. She is the executive director of the Women's Leadership Institute in Baghdad. In 2007, Abbas received the International Women of Courage Award.

Abbas teaches women about government and making decisions.

Abbas is from the Iraqi Turkmen ethnic group. In 2016 she represented the Turkmen people at a meeting at the European Parliament.



Shatha Abdul Razzak Abbousi

Shatha Abdul Razzak Abbousi (Arabic: شذى عبد الرزاق عبوسي ) is an Iraqi politician. She is a representative in the Iraqi Council of Representatives. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Abbousi was born in Baghdad on September 9, 1964. She went to primary and secondary school in Mosel. In 2005 she received a bachelor's degree from the University of Baghdad. She became a member of the Iraqi Parliament in 2006.

Corrèze (river)

The Corrèze () is a river in southwestern France, left tributary of the Vézère river. The Corrèze department is named after this river.

The Corrèze river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge is at Brive-la-Gaillarde in the Corrèze department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Brive-la-Gaillarde (1918-2011)
The source of the Corrèze is in northwestern Massif Central, in the plateau of "Millevaches", to the south of the "commune" of Pérols-sur-Vézère, in the Corrèze department, at an altitude of .

It flows through the "communes" of Corrèze and Tulle. Then it flows into the plain in the southwest of the department and flows through the "communes" of Malemort-sur-Corrèze and Brive-la-Gaillarde.

Finally, west of Brive-la-Gaillarde, it flows into the Vézère river at the limit between Saint-Pantaléon-de-Larche and Ussac, at of altitude.

The Corrèze river flows through 24 "communes", all in the Corrèze department.

The name of the river, Corrèze, is found in the name of the department and of three "communes": Les Angles-sur-Corrèze, Corrèze and Malemort-sur-Corrèze.

The main tributaries of the Corrèze river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Alfred G. Knudson

Alfred George Knudson, Jr. M.D., Ph.D. (August 9, 1922 – July 10, 2016) was an American geneticist. He worked in cancer genetics. He was known for the formulation of the Knudson hypothesis in 1971. It explains the effects of mutation on carcinogenesis (the development of cancer).

Knudson died on July 10, 2016 at his home in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from a long-illness at the age of 93.


Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa

Marcelo Nuno Duarte Rebelo de Sousa (), (born 12 December 1948) is a Portuguese politician. A member of the Social Democratic Party, he has been the President of Portugal since 9 March 2016. 

António Ramalho Eanes

António dos Santos Ramalho Eanes, (; born 25 January 1935) is a Portuguese general and politician. He was the 16th President of Portugal from 1976 to 1986.


Manuel Alegre

Manuel Alegre de Melo Duarte, GCL (born 12 May 1936) is a Portuguese poet and politician. He is a member of the Socialist Party. He was a candidate to the Portuguese presidential election, 2006. He was a presidential candidate, in the 2011 presidential election, this time being backed up by the Left Bloc and the Socialist Party.

Dith Pran

Dith Pran (; 27 September 1942 – 30 March 2008) was a Cambodian photojournalist. He was best known as a refugee and survivor of the Cambodian genocide. 

Pran died on 30 March 2008 in New Brunswick, New Jersey from pancreatic cancer, aged 65.


Sally Yates

Sally Caroline Quillian Yates (born August 20, 1960 in Atlanta) is an American lawyer. She studied at the University of Georgia and was the acting Attorney General of the United States from January 20, 2017 through January 30, 2017. She was also serving as Deputy Attorney General from March 2015 until her dismissal on January 30, 2017.

Yates was born in Atlanta to John Kelley Quillian (1930–1986), an attorney and judge who was a judge on the Georgia Court of Appeals between 1966 and 1984, and his wife, Xara "Mickey" DeBeaugrine Quillian (née Terrell; 1931–2012), an interior designer. Her grandmother had been one of the first women admitted to the Georgia Bar; however, she was not hired as an attorney, instead working as a legal secretary for Yates's grandfather.

Yates attended the University of Georgia, receiving her Bachelor of Arts degree in journalism in 1982. In 1986, she earned a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Georgia School of Law, graduating magna cum laude. While in law school, Yates was the executive editor of the "Georgia Law Review".

On January 30, 2017, President Donald Trump fired her after saying she won't defend his executive order on the immigration ban.

Sally Yates explained her decision not to defend the executive order in the following letter to the DOJ employees:

"On January 27, 2017, the President signed an Executive Order regarding immigrants and refugees from certain Muslim-majority countries. The order has now been challenged in a number of jurisdictions. As the Acting Attorney General, it is my ultimate responsibility to determine the position of the Department of Justice in these actions."

"My role is different from that of the Office of Legal Counsel (OLC), which, through administrations of both parties, has reviewed Executive Orders for form and legality before they are issued. OLC’s review is limited to the narrow question of whether, in OLC’s view, a proposed Executive Order is lawful on its face and properly drafted. Its review does not take account of statements made by an administration or it surrogates close in time to the issuance of an Executive Order that may bear on the order’s purpose. And importantly, it does not address whether any policy choice embodied in an Executive Order is wise or just."

"Similarly, in litigation, DOJ Civil Division lawyers are charged with advancing reasonable legal arguments that can be made supporting an Executive Order. But my role as leader of this institution is different and broader. My responsibility is to ensure that the position of the Department of Justice is not only legally defensible, but is informed by our best view of what the law is after consideration of all the facts. In addition, I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution’s solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right. At present, I am not convinced that the defense of the Executive Order is consistent with these responsibilities nor am I convinced that the Executive Order is lawful."

"Consequently, for as long as I am the Acting Attorney General, the Department of Justice will not present arguments in defense of the Executive Order, unless and until I become convinced that it is appropriate to do so."

A career prosecutor in Atlanta who has served under both Republican and Democrat administrations, Sally Yates has been hailed as a hero by both parties. Senator Johnny Isakson, Republican of Georgia, introduced her at her confirmation hearing in 2015.

“She will be a hero of the American people, a hero of what’s right,” Mr. Isakson said at the time. “She’ll call them like she sees them, and she will be fair, and she will be just.”

At those hearings, Republicans were furious about former President Barack Obama's order liberalizing immigration policy and questioned Ms. Yates about whether she would be willing to stand up to the president. Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama and Mr. Trump's nominee for attorney general, was particularly pointed in his questioning.

“If the views the president wants to execute are unlawful, should the attorney general or the deputy attorney general say 'No?’” Mr. Sessions asked.

"I believe the attorney general or deputy attorney general has an obligation to follow the law and Constitution and give their independent legal advice to the president,” Ms. Yates replied.

Sylvia Mathews Burwell

Sylvia Mathews Burwell was born June 23, 1965 and served as the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2014 to 2017. Previously she was the Director of the White House Office of Management and Budget from 2013 to 2014.

She was nominated by President Barack Obama on April 11, 2014, to the position of the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services after Kathleen Sebelius resigned. Burwell's nomination was confirmed by the Senate on June 5, 2014 by a vote of 78-17.


Simone Veil

Simone Veil, DBE (; 13 July 1927 – 30 June 2017) was a French lawyer and politician. She served as Minister of Health under Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, President of the European Parliament and member of the Constitutional Council of France.

She was awarded the Grand Cross of the Légion D'Honneur in 2012.

She was of Jewish descent and survived the Holocaust.

Veil died in Paris on 30 June 2017, aged 89.

United States Deputy Attorney General

The United States Deputy Attorney General is the second highest ranking official in the United States Department of Justice. The Deputy Attorney General manages the day-to-day activities of the Department of Justice. It may act as Attorney General during the absence of the Attorney General. President of the United States appoints the Deputy Attorney General with the advice and consent of the United States Senate. The Office of the Deputy Attorney General was created in 1950.

Pteraspid

Pteraspids were early agnathan vertebrates. They lived from later Silurian to the end of the Devonian. Fossils are found in Europe and North America.

The whole group has the head and front of the body armoured. Delicate, finger-like parts of the plates were at the edges of the mouth. This suggests they were filter feeders taking plankton from the water column.

List of prime ministers of India

The prime minister of India, is the chief executive of the government of India. The prime minister leads the executive branch and chairs the Council of Ministers.

Since the Independence of India, India has had fifteen prime ministers. The first was Jawaharlal Nehru of the Indian National Congress party.

The current prime minister is Narendra Modi of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) since 2014.


Prugiasco

Prugiasco is a village and former municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Prugiasco, Castro, Corzoneso, Dongio, Largario, Leontica, Lottigna, Marolta and Ponto Valentino merged into the new municipality of Acquarossa.

Niederried bei Interlaken

Niederried bei Interlaken is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Jens, Switzerland

Jens is a municipality in the administrative district Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Niederried bei Kallnach

Niederried bei Kallnach was a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Niederried bei Kallnach merged into the municipality of Kallnach.

Vindhyas

The Vindhyas are a mountain range in west-central India.

The highest point of the Vindhyas is the Sad-bhawna Shikhar ("Goodwill Peak").


Niederstocken

Niederstocken was a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Niederstocken, Höfen and Oberstocken merged into the new municipality of Stocken-Höfen.

Nods, Switzerland

Nods is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Noflen

Noflen was a municipality of the Swiss canton of Bern. It is in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Gelterfingen, Mühledorf and Noflen merged into the municipality of Kirchdorf.

Antiarchi

The Antiarchi is an order of heavily armored placoderms. The antiarchs were the second-most successful group of placoderms (after the arthrodires) in terms of numbers of species and range of environments. 

The front part of their bodies were heavily armoured. The rear parts were sometimes scaled, sometimes naked. The pectoral fins were modified. In primitive forms, such as "Yunnanolepis", the limbs were thick and short, while in advanced forms, such as "Bothriolepis", the limbs were long and had elbow-like joints. Probably they helped the fish pull themselves across the substrate, or allow their owners to bury themselves into the substrate.


Sally Beauman

Sally Beauman (25 July 1944 – 7 July 2016) was an English journalist and writer. She was the author of eight widely translated and best-selling novels. She was known for re-writing William Shakespeare plays. She was known for writing the 1987 novel "Destiny". She also wrote "Rebecca's Tale" and "The Landscape of Love".

Beauman died of pneumonia on 7 July 2016 at a London hospital in her sleep, aged 71.


Robert E. Cooper Sr.

Robert E. Cooper, Sr. (October 14, 1920 July 11, 2016) was an American judge. He was a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court from 1974 until his retirement in 1990. Cooper was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He was a former chairman of the Tennessee Judicial Council. He has served on the Sixth Judicial Circuit (1953–1960) and Tennessee Court of Appeals (1960–1974).

Cooper, Sr. died in Chattanooga, Tennessee on July 11, 2016, aged 95.

Odette Krempin

Princess Odette Maniema Krempin (October 30, 1973) is an Congolese entrepreneur. She was a former honorary consul of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Frankfurt am Main. She was a member of the Kuba Kingdom. She was born in Maniema, Zaire.

Krempin disappeared in 2014 while being sought for questioning by Belgian police in the Duferco corruption scandal.

Racine, Wisconsin

Racine ( ) or ( ) is a city in and the county seat of Racine County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located on the shore of Lake Michigan at the mouth of the Root River. Racine is centrally located between Milwaukee and Chicago. As of the 2013 U.S. census, the city had a population of 78,199,

Oberbalm

Oberbalm is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Green Party (Norway)

The Green party (Norwegian: Miljøpartiet de Grønne) is a green political party in Norway.

They gained one representative in the "Storting" (the Norwegian Parliament) in the 2013 election. The representative, Rasmus Hansson, was also the spokesperson of the party. 

The party won three seats in the 2021 Norwegian parliamentary election.


Motion of no confidence

A motion of no confidence, is a vote on whether a group of people still has confidence in a government or leader. This is a statement or vote which states that a person in a superior position, be it government, managerial, etc., is no longer deemed fit to hold that position.

The first motion of no confidence occurred in March 1782 when, following news of the British defeat at Yorktown in the American Revolutionary War the previous October, the Parliament of Great Britain voted that they "can no longer repose confidence in the present ministers". In modern times, passage of a motion of no confidence is relatively rare in two-party democracies. Party discipline is usually enough to allow a majority party to defeat a motion of no confidence.

There are variations of this in different countries. For example, in Germany, Spain, and Israel, a vote of no confidence requires that the opposition, on the same ballot, propose a candidate of their own whom they want to be appointed as successor by the respective head of state. A motion of no confidence in some countries can be proposed in the government collectively or by any individual member, including the Prime Minister. In Spain it is presented by the Prime Minister after consultation.

Sometimes a party proposes a confidence vote even though it is not likely to pass. The no confidence vote may pressure the government. Or when the government proposes the vote it can embarrass critics who do not vote against the government.

Angela Eagle

Angela Eagle (born 17 February 1961) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wallasey since the 1992 general election. 

Eagle is openly lesbian. She came out in a newspaper interview in September 1997.

Heidi Alexander

Heidi Alexander (born 17 April 1975) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Lewisham East since the 2010 general election. She was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Health on 13 September 2015. She resigned from the shadow cabinet on 26 June 2016.

Gloria de Piero

Gloria De Piero (born 21 December 1972) is a British Labour Party politician and journalist. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Ashfield since 2010. She was last known for her work on "GMTV".

After serving as a shadow minister from October 2010, De Piero was promoted to the shadow cabinet in 2013 as Shadow Minister for Women and Equalities. In 2015 she was appointed Shadow Minister for Young People and Voter Registration. She resigned that position on 26 June 2016.

Ian Murray (British politician)

Ian Murray (born 10 August 1976) is a British Labour Party politician. He has represented Edinburgh South as Member of Parliament (MP) since the 2010 general election.

Lilian Greenwood

Lilian Rachel Greenwood (born 26 March 1966) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Nottingham South since 2010.

John McDonnell

John Martin McDonnell (born 8 September 1951) is a British Labour Party politician. He was appointed the Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer in September 2015. He became the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hayes and Harlington at the 1997 general election.


Jon Trickett

Jon Hedley Trickett (born 2 July 1950) is a British Labour politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hemsworth in West Yorkshire since a 1996 by-election. 

He served as the Parliamentary Private Secretary to Prime Minister Gordon Brown from 2008 to 2010 and was promoted to the Shadow Cabinet by Ed Miliband in 2011 as Shadow Minister for the Cabinet Office. He is currently the Shadow Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills.


Angela Smith, Baroness Smith of Basildon

Angela Evans Smith, Baroness Smith of Basildon (born 7 January 1959) is a Labour Co-operative politician from England. She was Member of Parliament (MP) for Basildon from 1997 until losing her seat to the Conservatives at the 2010 General Election. 

Smith was a Minister of State in the Cabinet Office, incorporating the offices of Minister for the Third Sector and Minister for Social Exclusion.

Emily Thornberry

Emily Anne Thornberry (born 27 July 1960) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Islington South and Finsbury since the 2005 general election. Since June 2016, she has been Shadow Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs and Shadow First Secretary of State under the leadership of Jeremy Corbyn.

In December 2019, Thornberry launched her leadership campaign for the 2020 Labour Party leadership race. She was eliminated from the race on February 14, 2020.

Steve Bassam, Baron Bassam of Brighton

John Steven Bassam, Baron Bassam of Brighton, PC (born 11 June 1953) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician and member of the House of Lords.

On 8 July 2009 he was made a Privy Councillor.

Lucy Powell

Lucy Maria Powell (born 10 October 1974) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician and Member of Parliament for Manchester Central in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. 

She was first elected at the Manchester Central by-election in November 2012. In September 2015 she was appointed Shadow Secretary of State for Education in Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet, but resigned in June 2016.

Kerry McCarthy

Kerry Gillian McCarthy (born 26 March 1965) is a British Labour Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Bristol East since 2005 and was the Shadow Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs from September 2015 to June 2016.

Seema Malhotra

Seema Malhotra (born 7 August 1972) is a British Labour and Co-operative Party politician. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Feltham and Heston since a by-election was held following the death of Alan Keen in 2011. 

Vernon Coaker

Vernon Rodney Coaker (born 17 June 1953) is a British Labour Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Gedling since 1997.

He also served as the Minister of State for Schools from 2009 to 2010, Shadow Secretary of State for Defence from 2013 to 2015 and Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland from October 2011 to October 2013, and again from September 2015 until his resignation in June 2016 from the Shadow Cabinet.


Charles Falconer, Baron Falconer of Thoroton

Charles Leslie "Charlie" Falconer, Baron Falconer of Thoroton, (born 19 November 1951) is a British Labour peer and barrister.

Falconer became the Lord Chancellor and the first Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs in 2003 under Prime Minister Tony Blair. He was the first Secretary of State for Justice in a 2007 reorganization and enlargement of the portfolio of the Department for Constitutional Affairs. He held this role for over a month until Gordon Brown became Prime Minister in June 2007. 

Falconer was replaced by Jack Straw. He was named Shadow Justice Secretary under the acting leadership of Harriet Harman, and continued in this role after the election of Jeremy Corbyn as leader of the party, until he resigned on 26 June 2016.

Chris Bryant

Christopher John "Chris" Bryant (born 11 January 1962) is a British Labour Party politician.

He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Rhondda since the 2001 general election and most recently the Shadow Leader of the House of Commons until resigning on June 26th, 2016. He was previously the Shadow Minister for the Arts, Minister of State for Europe, Deputy Leader of the House of Commons and Shadow Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.

Bryant is openly gay.


John Chilcot

Sir John Chilcot, GCB PC (; 22 April 1939 – 3 October 2021) was a British Privy Counsellor and civil servant. He was the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry.

His appointment as chairman of an inquiry into the events surrounding the March 2003 invasion of Iraq and its aftermath was announced in June 2009.

He was president of Britain's independent policing think tank, The Police Foundation.

His honours included CB (1990), KCB (1994), and GCB (1998). He became a Privy Counsellor in 2004, and was a member of the Butler Review. He acted as "staff counsellor" to MI5 and MI6 from 1999 to 2004, "dealing with private and personal complaints from members of the intelligence services about their work and conditions".

Chilcot died from kidney disease on 3 October 2021, at the age of 82.

 

Time in Algeria

Algeria uses Central European Time (CET) which is 1 hour ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (). Algeria does not observe daylight savings time from 1981. Before 1981, it used Western European Time (WET) and Western European Summer Time (WEST).

Tarapacá Region

The I Tarapacá Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. The present Tarapacá Region was created in 2007 by subdividing the former Tarapacá Region under Law 20.175. It became operational on 8 October 2007.

The port city of Iquique is the capital of the region.

Chile's former Tarapacá region was a former Peruvian province, which was occupied by Chile under the 1883 Treaty of Ancón at the close of the War of the Pacific, and then formally annexed in 1929 by the Treaty of Lima.

The region was important economically as a site of intense saltpeter mining, before synthetic nitrate manufacturing became possible.

The Tarapacá region borders the Arica and Parinacota region to the north, Bolivia's Oruro Department on the east, the Antofagasta region on the south and the Pacific Ocean on the west.

, there were (estimated) 336,769 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city in the region is Iquique, with 164,396 inhabitants (2002 census).

In 2007, the former region of Tarapacá was subdivided to create the Arica y Parinacota Region to the north and the present day Tarapacá Region to the south. The Tarapacá region is further subdivided into two provinces: Arica and Parinacota.



Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje

Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (; born 22 August 1967) is a British actor and former model. He is of Nigerian origin. 

He is best known for his roles as Lock-Nah in "The Mummy Returns", Nykwana Wombosi in "The Bourne Identity", Mr. Eko on "Lost", and Simon Adebisi on "Oz". 

His more recent roles include Malko in the fifth season of the HBO series "Game of Thrones". He played Dave Duerson in the NFL biopic drama "Concussion". He played Killer Croc in the 2016 movie "Suicide Squad".

John Brademas

Stephen John Brademas Jr. (March 2, 1927 – July 11, 2016) was an American politician and educator. He served as Majority Whip of the United States House of Representatives for the Democratic Party from 1977 to 1981.

He served as the 13th president of New York University from 1981 to 1992, and is a former chairman of the board of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and board member of the New York Stock Exchange and Rockefeller Foundation.

Brademas died on July 11, 2016 in New York City, aged 89.

Jusztin Nándor Takács

Jusztin Nándor Takács (15 January 1927 – 11 July 2016) was a Hungarian Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Rábacsanak, Hungary. He served as the Bishop of Székesfehérvár from 1991 until his retirement in 2003.

Takács died on 11 July 2016 from complications of pneumonia in Székesfehérvár, Hungary, aged 89.


Smart material

Smart materials, called also intelligent or responsive materials, are designed materials that have one or more properties that can be significantly changed in a controlled fashion by external stimuli, such as stress, temperature, moisture, pH, electric or magnetic fields, light, or chemical compounds.

CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu

Clubul Sportiv Pandurii Lignitul Târgu Jiu (English: "Târgu Jiu Lignite Pandurs Sports Club") is a Romanian association football club from Târgu Jiu, Gorj County. They currently play in the Liga II.

Pandurii Târgu Jiu was founded in August 1963 after two clubs, "Flacăra-Unirea Târgu Jiu" and "CIL Târgu-Jiu", came together. Their best performance in the Liga I was 2nd place in the 2012/13 season. They then qualified for the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League, and made it to the group stage after defeating Levadia Tallinn, Hapoel Tel Aviv and Braga in the qualification and play-off rounds.

Since 1963, the club has played at the Stadionul Tudor Vladimirescu. The stadium was demolished in 2015, and a new stadium will be built which will hold 12,000 people.

Liga I
Liga II
Liga III



2015–16 Liga I

The 2016–17 Liga I was the 98th season of Liga I, which is the top division football league in Romania. The season began on 10 July 2015 and ended in May 2016. It was won by Astra Giurgiu.

Teams start the Championship round with their points from the Regular season halved, rounded upwards, and no other records carried over from the Regular season.

Teams start the Relegation round with their points from the Regular season halved, rounded upwards, and no other records carried over from the Regular season.

UTA Arad, from the Liga II, qualifies to the second round.

Voluntari wins second round and stays in the Liga I.


Hooghly River

The Hooghly River Ganga is an 260 km long river. It is a distributary river of Ganges River. Farakka Barrage a dam diverts water from Ganges into a canal near the town of Tildanga of Murshidabad district. This canal supplies Hooghly river with adequate water. The river has two tributaries: the Rupnarayan River and Damodar River. Hooghly also reaches Bay of Bengal at Nurpur and then empties into the sea.

Oberbipp

Oberbipp is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Oberbipp is northeast of Solothurn.


Oberburg

<br>
Oberburg is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Oberdiessbach

Oberdiessbach is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipality of Aeschlen and on 1 January 2014, Bleiken bei Oberdiessbach merged into the municipality of Oberdiessbach.


Wegberg

Wegberg is a town in the very west of Germany, in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It has 40 town subdivisions.

Wegberg is between Mönchengladbach and Erkelenz. Wegberg is in the Naturpark Maas-Schwalm-Nette, a nature and wildlife park.

Hematopoiesis

Hematopoiesis (or haematopoiesis; sometimes also haemopoiesis) is the formation of blood cells. In a healthy adult person, about 10–10 new blood cells are produced daily to keep steady state levels in the blood circulation.

Hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) or hemocytoblasts are the stem cells that give rise to all the other blood cells. The process is called hematopoiesis.<ref name="Birbrair n/a–n/a"></ref> They are in the core (bone marrow) of most bones.

As a stem cell matures it undergoes changes in gene expression which limit the cell types it can become. It moves closer to a specific cell type (cellular differentiation). These changes can often be tracked by monitoring the presence of proteins on the surface of the cell. Each successive change moves the cell closer to the final cell type and limits its potential to become a different cell type.

HSC studies through much of the past half century have led to a much deeper understanding. More recent advances have resulted in the use of HSC transplants in the treatment of cancers and other immune system disorders.


Møre og Romsdal

Møre og Romsdal is a county in Norway. Norway has 19 counties.

Ålesund

Ålesund (or Aalesund) is a city and municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. Ålesund was founded in 1837. The city has gotten attention worldwide for being one of the best small sea ports in Europe.



Iquique Province

The Iquique Province () is one of two provinces in the northern Chilean region of Tarapacá (I). Its capital is the port city of Iquique.

The Iquique province is on the coast of the Pacific Ocean. The province has an area of .

Iquique is bordered on the north and east by the Tamarugal province, on the south by the Antofagasta region and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 216,419 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Iquique, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 166,204 inhabitants.

As a province, Iquique is a second-level administrative division, consisting of two communes ("comunas"): Alto Hospicio in the northeastern portion and Iquique in the rest of the province. The coastal city of Iquique serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


William H. McNeill (historian)

William Hardy McNeill (October 31, 1917 – July 8, 2016) was a Canadian-American world historian and author. He was known for his writings on Western civilization. He was Professor Emeritus of History at the University of Chicago where he had taught since 1947.

María Dolores Pradera

María Dolores Fernández Pradera (29 August 1924 in Madrid – 28 May 2018) was a Spanish melodic singer and actress. She was one of the most famous singers in Spain and Latin America. She is also known as María Dolores or La Pradera. She started her career as an actress, working in the theatre and in some of the most famous Spanish movies from the 1940s: “¡A mí la legión!” (1942), “La Lola se va a los puertos” (1947), or “Agustina de Aragón” (1950).

Pradera died May 28, 2018 at the age of 93.

Emma Cohen

Emma Cohen (born Emmanuela Beltrán Rahola; November 21, 1946 – July 11, 2016) was a Spanish actress, director, producer and writer. She appeared in many Spanish language movies. She was known for roles in "The Glass Ceiling", "Voyage to Nowhere", and in "The Grandfather".

Cohen was married to actor Fernando Fernán Gómez until his death in 2007.

Cohen died on July 11, 2016 of cancer in Madrid at the age of 69.

Corrado Farina

Corrado Farina (18 March 1939 – 11 July 2016) was an Italian movie director, screenwriter and novelist. He directed two feature movies in the seventies, many documentaries and commercials. He published seven novels. He was known for his movie "Baba Yaga" (1973).

Farina died of a heart attack in Rome on 11 July 2016, aged 77.

Jim Metzen

James P. "Jim" Metzen (October 26, 1943 – July 11, 2016) was an American politician and member of the Minnesota Senate. He is a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL). He represents District 52, which includes portions of Dakota County in the southeastern Twin Cities metropolitan area.

Metzen died on July 11, 2016 from lung cancer in South St. Paul, Minnesota, aged 72.

Tamarugal Province

Tamarugal () is one of two provinces in the northern Chilean region of Tarapacá (I). The capital is the city of Pozo Almonte.

Tamarugal means "a place where there are many "tamarugos""; tamarugo ("Prosopis tamarugo") is a tree endemic to the arid lands of northern Chile.

The Tamarugal province has an area of .

Tamarugal is bordered on the north by the Arica and Parinacota region, on the east by Bolivia, on the south by the Antofagasta region and on the west by the Iquique province and the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 22,531 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Pozo Almonte, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 6,384 inhabitants.

As a province, Tamarugal is a second-level administrative division, consisting of five communes ("comunas"). The city of Pozo Almonte serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Goran Hadžić

Goran Hadžić (; 7 September 1958 – 12 July 2016) was the former president of the Republic of Serbian Krajina. He was in office during the Croatian War of Independence. He was accused of crimes against humanity and of violation of the laws and customs of war by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.

Hadžić died of brain cancer on 12 July 2016 in Sremska Kamenica, Republic of Serbia, aged 57.

Terence Hill

Terence Hill (born Mario Girotti; 29 March 1939) is an Italian actor. He was known for his roles in "Lo chiamavano Trinità" ("They Call Me Trinity", 1971) and "Il mio nome è Nessuno" ("My Name Is Nobody", 1973), co-starring Henry Fonda. His movie "Django, Prepare a Coffin", shot in 1968 by director Ferdinando Baldi, and co-starring Horst Frank and George Eastman, was featured at the 64th Venice Film Festival in 2007. He was also known for making many movies with actor Bud Spencer.

Gopher (disambiguation)

Gopher may refer to:

Time in Jordan

Time in Jordan is on Arabia Standard Time (AST) ().

Before daylight saving time (DST) was abolished in October 2022, Jordan used Eastern European Time () which was one hour ahead on () during the summer months. Daylight saving time typically started on Friday during 26 February to 1 April and ended on the last Friday of October, with variations before 2006. In the winter of 2012-2013, there was permanent summer time (), but had been stopped in December 2013, and before 1985, there was permanent standard time (). In October 2022, daylight saving time was permanently abolished.

Time in Belarus

Belarus Time or Minsk Time is since September 2011 three hours ahead of UTC (UTC+03:00) and is used in Belarus. It is the same as Further-eastern European Time (FET), Eastern European Summer Time (EEST) during the summer, Moscow Time, Arabia Standard Time, and East Africa Time.

Until 2011, Belarus Time was equivalent to Eastern European Time (EET) and Eastern European Summer Time (EEST) with Belarus observing yearly clock changes. In 2011, Belarus stopped observing DST and moved to UTC+03:00 all year round.


Alexander Chizhevsky

Alexander Leonidovich Chizhevsky () (7 February 1897 – 20 December 1964) was a Soviet-era interdisciplinary scientist, a biophysicist. He is most notable for his use of historical research techniques to link the 11-year solar cycle, Earth’s climate and the mass activity of peoples.

His other notable works include "cosmo-biology" and hematology". 


Andrés Bello Catholic University

Andrés Bello Catholic University, also known in Spanish as Universidad Católica Andrés Bello (UCAB), is a private university with main campus located in Caracas, Venezuela. One of the largest universities in Venezuela and it was established in 1953 by the Society of Jesus.


FC Pyunik

Football Club Pyunik (Armenian: Ֆուտբոլային Ակումբ Փյունիկ; usually just called Pyunik) is a professional Armenian association football club from Yerevan. Pyunik is one of the most popular football clubs in Armenia.

The club was founded in 1992 as Homenetmen Yerevan, and they won the first Armenian Premier League held. The club was renamed in 1995 to "FC Pyunik" (Armenian for "Phoenix"). The club absorbed the newly promoted club FC Armenicum and automatically gained position in the Armenian Premier League without playing a single game in the lower leagues. Pyunik improved a lot after the arrival of many foreign players from Mali, Cameroon, Argentina and later from Romania.

They are the most successful team in Armenia, winning the Armenian Premier League 14 times and Armenian Independence Cup 8 times.

Armenian Premier League
Armenian Cup
Armenian Super Cup

2017 Africa Cup of Nations

The 2017 Africa Cup of Nations (also called AFCON 2017 and CAN 2017) was the 31st edition of the Africa Cup of Nations tournament. The tournament hosted by Gabon. It was held from 14 January to 5 February 2017.

The winner of this tournament qualified for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup tournament in Russia.

The draw for the qualification stage took place on 8 April 2015. The following teams have qualified for the final tournament.

The draw took place on the 19th of October 2016 in Libreville.





Bridge Road (Impington)

Bridge Road, also known as the Glassworld Stadium, is a football stadium in a village in Impington, a mile away from Histon. The stadium has a capacity of 4,300 with approximately 1,700 covered seats.

Jamui

Jamui is a town in Bihar State in India. Its population is 10,51,527 (rural 9,76,960 and Urban 74,567). Subdivisions Jamui consists of 11 Blocks (Jamui, Chakai, Laxmipur, Jhajha, Sono, Khaira, Sikandra, Barhat, Asalmanagar, Aliganj, Gidhaur). Main agriculture are paddy, wheat, lentils. Ganga, Mohane, Harohar, Kiul, rivers flows through this region.

International Braille Chess Association

The International Braille Chess Association (IBCA) is an organization for blind and visually impaired chess players. The International Braille Chess Association originated unofficially in 1951 with the organization of the first international correspondence chess tournament for blind players, by Reginald Walter Bonham; the tournament included 20 players representing 10 countries. It first organized a tournament in 1958, with representatives from seven countries. Today, it has grown to encompass over 50 member nations around the world. The IBCA hosts two important competitions: the Blind Chess Olympiad and the Blind World Chess Championship.

Although most of the rules in blind chess are consistent with basic chess, there are a few modifications to the equipment to help blind and visually impaired players:
After making every move, each player is required to announce their move aloud to their opponent. Instead of writing the moves on a chess score sheet, the visually impaired player writes the moves in Braille or records the moves on a tape recorder.


Padma Shri

Padma Shri is the fourth highest civilian award of India after Bharat Ratna, Padma Vibhushan and Padma Bhushan awards. These civilian awards are awarded by the Government of India on 26 January, the Republic Day of India each year.

Padma Shri award was first given in the year 1954. This award is awarded to citizens of India in recognition of their contribution in various activities such as the arts, education, literature, industry, cinema, sports, medicine, social service, public affairs, and others.

Marit Nybakk

Marit Nybakk (born 14 February 1947) is a Norwegian Labour Party politician. She has been a Member of Parliament for Oslo since 1986. She is the First Vice President of the Norwegian parliament since 2013, and is also the woman who has served the longest time in the parliament during its entire history. She is also President of the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights since 2016.

Padma Vibhushan

Padma Vibhushan is the second highest civilian award of India after the highest civilian award Bharat Ratna. This award was followed by Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri. This award was started to be awarded to the citizens of India since 1954. This award was awarded to the recipients on the Republic Day of India.

The first recipients to be awarded with Padma Vibhushan are Satyendra Nath Bose, Nand Lal Bose, Zakir Hussain, Balasaheb Gangadhar Kher, Jigme Dorji Wangchuk and V.K.Krishna Menon. Vikram Sarabhai became the first person to be awarded Padma Vibhushan posthumously in 1972.

Oberhofen am Thunersee

Oberhofen am Thunersee is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Oberhünigen

Oberhünigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The municipality was made in 1980 by splitting from the municipality of Schlosswil.

Padma Bhushan

Padma Bhushan is the third highest civilian award awarded by Government of India after Bharat Ratna and Padma Vibhushan but before Padma Shri. This award was also awarded in the Republic Day of India.

Padma Bhushan award was started to be awarded to the citizens of India from 1954. As of 2015, 1230 peoples were awarded with Padma Bhushan. Some citizens refused to get the award.S.Janaki, a renowned singer of the Southern parts of India refused to get the award in 2013 as the honour came to her too late and she also stated that South Indian artists are not recognised. 

Oberlangenegg

Oberlangenegg is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Duncan Fletcher

Duncan Andrew Gwynne Fletcher is a former Zimbabwe cricketer. He is a left hand batsman and Right arm medium fast bowler. He was born on 27 September 1948 in Salisbury (modern Harare), Southern Rhodesia (modern Zimbabwe). He was the former coach of India national cricket team. He was also the coach of England cricket team from 1999 to 2007. Fletcher played for Zimbabwe cricket team and took the team for victory in the 1982 ICC Trophy. But he had never played Test cricket.

Under Fletcher, England cricket team achieved famous victories against Sri Lanka national cricket team, Pakistan national cricket team, West Indies cricket team and South Africa national cricket team between 2000 and 2004. He coached the England team to win the Ashes series for 18 years when the team secured 2-1 victory over the Australia national cricket team.India national cricket team won 8 series in a row including the ICC Champions Trophy under Fletcher's coaching from 2011.


Oberönz

Oberönz was a municipality in Wangen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008, Oberönz became part of Herzogenbuchsee.

Oberösch

Oberösch was a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Oberösch and Niederösch merged into the municipality of Ersigen.

Elaine Fantham

Elaine Fantham (25 May 1933 – 11 July 2016) was a British classicist. She was Giger Professor of Latin at Princeton University from 1986 to 1999. She was chair of the Department of Classics at Princeton from 1989 to 1992 and the president of the American Philological Association serving only in 2004.

Fantham was an expert on Latin literature, especially comedy, epic poetry and rhetoric, and Roman religion. She was classics commentator on NPR's "Weekend Edition".

Oberried am Brienzersee

Oberried am Brienzersee is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Bernardo Provenzano

Bernardo Provenzano (; 31 January 1933 – 13 July 2016) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia ("Cosa Nostra"). He was suspected of having been the head of the Corleonesi, a Mafia faction from the town of Corleone. He was the de facto "capo di tutti capi" (boss of all bosses) of the entire Sicilian Mafia until his arrest in 2006.

On 13 July 2016, Provenzano died from complications of bladder cancer at a hospital in prison at age 83.

Obersteckholz

Obersteckholz was a municipality in Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021 the Obersteckholz became part of Langenthal.


Zygmunt Zimowski

Zygmunt Zimowski (7 April 1949 – 12 July 2016) was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. Zimowski had served until his death in July of 2016 as President of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Health Care Workers. He was born in Kupienin, Poland.

He has been head of that office since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 18 April 2009. He lastly served as bishop of Radom from 2002 until 2009.

Zimowski died on 12 July 2016 from pancreatic cancer in Dąbrowa Tarnowska, Poland, aged 67.

Oberstocken

Oberstocken was a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Oberstocken, Höfen and Niederstocken merged into the new municipality of Stocken-Höfen.


Stocken-Höfen

Stocken-Höfen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Höfen, Niederstocken and Oberstocken merged into the new municipality of Stocken-Höfen.


Oberthal, Switzerland

Oberthal is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Oberwil bei Büren

Oberwil bei Büren is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Oberwil im Simmental

Oberwil im Simmental is a municipality in the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ochlenberg

Ochlenberg is a municipality of the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Oeschenbach

Oeschenbach is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Oppligen

Oppligen is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Bui Thi Minh Hang

Bui Thi Minh Hang (Vietnamese Bùi Thị Minh Hằng) is a Vietnamese activist and blogger. In 2016, Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., named her one of twenty women political prisoners in the Free the 20 campaign. Bui Thi Minh Hang was released Feb. 11, 2017.

In 2011, Bui Thi Minh Hang protested in Hanoi and in Ho Chi Minh City. She protested against Chinese land claims on the Spratly and Paracel Islands. Police arrested her and sent her to sent her to Thanh Ha Education Center, a reeducation camp in Vinh Phuc province. There was an international protest about her arrest. She was in the reeducation camp for six months without a trial.

In 2012, Bui Thi Minh Hang was free again, and started to work for human rights again. She wrote about her time in the Thanh Ha Education center. She also gave people a “Manual for the Implementation of Human Rights” (Cam nang thuc thi quyen lam nguoi). In 2014, Bui Thi Minh Hang and a group of 21 bloggers and Hoa Hao Buddhist activists went to visit a political prisoner. The police arrested Bui Thi Minh Hang and two others. She was charged with disrupting traffic under Article 245 of the Penal Code. She was sentenced to three years in prison.

In 2016, Amnesty International said Bui Thi Minh Hang had health problems in prison, but she did not get medical care.

Bui Thi Minh Hang was released on Saturday Feb. 11, 2017. Her family and supporters were with her, and the traffic police escorted her back to Ho Chi Minh City.


El Lebrijano

Juan Peña Fernández (8 August 1941 – 13 July 2016), also known as Juan Peña "El Lebrijano" or simply El Lebrijano, was a Spanish flamenco singer. He was born in Lebrija, Spain.

In 1964, he won the championship at the Competition of Mairena del Alcor, one of the most important Flamenco music festivals. He was known for working with famous flamenco musician Paco de Lucía. His most famous albums were "Casablanca", "Open Door" and "Encuentros".

In 1997 the Spanish Ministry of Culture awarded him the Medalla de Oro al Trabajo (Gold medal working labour) His most recent song was a tribute to his friend, writer Gabriel García Márquez in 2014.

Peña died at his home in Seville, Spain on July 13, 2016, aged 75.


Armando León Bejarano

Armando León Bejarano Valadez (April 11, 1916 – July 6, 2016) was a Mexican orthopedic surgeon, physician, and politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He served as the Governor of Morelos from 1972 until 1982.

Bejarano died on July 6, 2016 in Cuernavaca, Morelos from pneumonia, aged 100. 

Amber Rudd

Amber "Smug" Rudd (born 1 August 1963) is a British Conservative Party politician. She has served as Member of Parliament (MP) for the East Sussex constituency of Hastings and Rye since 2010 and was the Home Secretary between July 2016 and April 2018. Her appointment as Home Secretary made her the fifth woman to hold one of the Great Offices of State.

In 2018 Rudd resigned as Home Secretary following the Windrush scandal and was replaced by Sajid Javid. She returned to government as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions in November 2018.

Michael Fallon

Sir Michael Cathel Fallon (born 14 May 1952) is a British Conservative politician and Member of Parliament for Sevenoaks.

From 2014 until 2017, he served as Secretary of State for Defence. He was also a member of the National Security Council. He was previously Vice Chairman of the Conservative Party.


Xavier Becerra

Xavier Becerra ( ; born January 26, 1958) is an American politician. Becerra is the 25th and current United States Secretary of Health and Human Services since 2021 during the Joe Biden administration. He was the Attorney General of California from 2017 until 2021.

He previously served in the United States House of Representatives for . He had represented Downtown Los Angeles in Congress from 1993 to 2017. Becerra, a member of the Democratic Party, was Chairman of the House Democratic Caucus. 

He was chosen to become Attorney General of California after Kamala Harris was elected to the United States Senate. He is the first Latino to serve as Attorney General of California.

On December 6, 2020 then President-elect Joe Biden nominated Becerra to be the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 18, 2021 with a narrow 50-49 vote.


James G. Stavridis

James George Stavridis (born February 15, 1955) is a retired United States Navy admiral and the current dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University. He is also chairman of the board of the U.S. Naval Institute.

Tim Ryan (politician)

Timothy John "Tim" Ryan (born July 16, 1973) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for , from 2003 to 2023. The district, numbered as the from 2003 to 2013, takes in a large swath of northeast Ohio, from Youngstown to Akron. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He previously served in the Ohio Senate.

Ryan was seen as a possible presidential candidate in 2020 following the 2018 midterms. On April 4, 2019, Ryan announced his candidacy for president. On October 24, 2019 Ryan dropped out of the election citing low polling numbers and lack of qualifications for the debates.

In February 2021, Ryan said that he was planning to run for United States Senator in Ohio in the 2022 Senate race, replacing retiring Republican Senator Rob Portman. He official announced his candidacy in late April 2021. In May 2022, Ryan won the Democratic nomination for the Senate. He lost the election in November to J. D. Vance.


Hallard White

Hallard Leo "Snow" White (27 March 1929 – 14 July 2016) was a New Zealand rugby union player. White played a record 195 games for Rut Auckland between 1950 and 1963. He was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, from 1953 to 1955, appearing in 16 matches including four internationals. 

Following his retirement as a player, White served in both coaching and administrative roles: as assistant coach of Auckland; president of the Auckland Rugby Football Union from 1989 to 1989; and president of the New Zealand Rugby Union in 1990.

White died on 14 July 2016 from Alzheimer's disease, aged 87.

The Adventures of Milo and Otis

At minute 46:25 of Milo and Otis footage, seagulls eat a kitten, showing a live terrified, running kitten eaten into flying blood flesh into the air of a cliff, which clearly evidences that the Japanese filmmaker in Japan and those related in the Japanese film industry refused to stop the attacking on the kitten running for its life. Everyone can see for oneself through free live streaming. There is no cover up or dead end in seeing it with one's own eyes. The bureaucracy and red tape claims bring into question excuse-making.

Orpund

Orpund is a municipality in the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Orvin

Orvin is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Ostermundigen

Ostermundigen (Bernese German: "Oschtermundige" or "Mundige") is a municipality of the Swiss canton of Bern. It is the capital of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district.

The municipality was made in 1983 when it and Ittigen were splitting from the municipality of Bolligen.

It is famous as the birthplace of actress, Ursula Andress.


Ashoka Chakra (military decoration)

The Ashoka Chakra Award is India's highest peacetime military decoration or award for courageous action or self-sacrificing away from the battlefield. This is awarded for the most notable bravery. Ashoka Chakra was awarded either to military-men as well as civilians.

Lieutenant Suhas Biswas was the first person to be awarded with Ashoka Chakra award in 1952.The awarded persons were paid Rs.1400 monthly.Ashoka Chakra was established on 4 January 1952.

The Missing Link (movie)

The Missing Link () is a 1980 French–Belgian adult animated movie. It was written and directed by Picha. Though it was not as successful as Picha's previous movie, it was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival.

Picha was encouraged to address another subject, that of Darwin and his theory of evolution. Production lasted from 1965 to 1979. In 1974, Picha left for "". In 1977, 2 years after Tarzoon's release, Picha returned to the project and selected Columbia Pictures as the movie's distributor. In 1980, the movie was completed and released.

Dadasaheb Phalke Award

The Dadasaheb Phalke Award is the highest award of Indian cinema. It is given by the Government Of India. The award honours Dadasaheb Phalke's contribution to Indian cinema. Phalke is known as "The Father of Indian Cinema". The award is presented annually at the National Film Awards ceremony by the Directorate of Film Festivals. 

The recipient is honoured for his outstanding contribution to the growth of the Indian cinematic field. As of 2014, the award consists of a Swarna Kamal (Golden Lotus) medal, a shawl, and a cash price of Rs.10,00,000 (US$15000).

The award was instituted in the year 1962. The first recipient of the award was Devika Rani, who was honoured at the 17th National Film Awards ceremony. Actor Prithviraj Kapoor was the first recipient to be awarded posthumously. His son, actor Raj Kapoor, received the award in his father's place at the 19th National Film Awards ceremony. The great actor of Tamil cinema, world famous Sivaji Ganesan was awarded with Dadasaheb Phalke Award in the year 1992 on the 44th National Film Awards ceremony. Raj Kapoor received the award in 1987 and Shashi Kapoor, his brother, received the award in 2014.

Arrondissements of the Charente department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Charente department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 3 arrondissements of Charente are:


Since its creation, the Charente department has had some changes:


Perrefitte

Perrefitte is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Coglio

Coglio is a village and former municipality in the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 4 April 2004 the former municipalities of Aurigeno, Coglio, Giumaglio, Lodano, Moghegno and Someo merged into the municipality of Maggia.

Exo discography

This is the discography of the South Korean boy band Exo. There are three studio albums, a live album, four extended plays, eleven singles, twenty-six music videos, eight guest appearances and eight soundtracks.

Overdose (EP)

Overdose is the second extended play of the South Korean boy band Exo. It was released on May 7, 2014 by the label S.M. Entertainment and distributed by KT Music.

The EP was intended to be released on April 21, 2014 , but its release was postponed due to the sinking of Sewol on April 16. The album was later released on May 7, 2014. On May 15, 2014, the leader of EXO-M, Kris, filed a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment to cancel his contract for the company's violation of human rights and unattended health.

The Korean edition was positioned in number 2 on Billboard's World Albums Chart and 129 in "Billboard 200" , that made ​​EXO Korean male group with the highest Billboard 200 charts.

Before the release of "Overdose" Exo made ​​their promotions with a showcase at the Jamsil Arena in Seoul on 15 April. 1 to April 9 did a sponsored by Samsung contest allowed fans to enter and win tickets to attend the showcase. The group members promoted in South Korea and China separated in the respective sub-groups.

Korean and Chinese versions

2016 Nice attack

The 2016 Nice attack happened on 14 July 2016 in Nice, France. A man drove a truck into people celebrating Bastille Day, the national day of France. He killed 86 people during the incident. Gunfire was reported; at first, people thought it was fireworks.
At around 22:45 local time, a truck was driven into a large crowd of people at Promenade des Anglais. Later, guns were fired. The driver, Tunisian truck driver Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel, was killed by police. 

Miracles in December

Miracles in December is the second extended play of the South Korean boy band Exo. It was released by the label S.M. Entertainment on December 9, 2013. Was presented as a special winter album, "Miracles in December" is the follow-up to the first studio album of the group titled "XOXO" which was released in June 2013. As all music group, the EP has versions in Korean and Chinese. The EP is also the second release and first EP group to be widely promoted as a combined group. Its main singles were "Miracles in December" and "Christmas Day."

In early November 2013, the agency of EXO, S.M. Entertainment, announced that the group would hold a joint concert entitled " Christmas Wonderland" with f(x) from 24 to 25 December. On December 3 a music video of 2–3 minutes in Chinese and Korean were released. On December 4, music videos of "Miracles in December" was released in YouTube.

They were published in two different languages, Korean and Mandarin. A pop ballad with classical piano accompaniment, the single "Miracles in December" was written by Andreas Johansson Stone and Rick Hanley. However, the song was performed only four members of EXO: Baekhyun, D.O. and Chen recorded the Korean version, while at the same time Baekhyun, Chen and Luhan they recorded the Chinese version. Special performances of the four members (Baekhyun, D.O., Chen and Luhan) and Lay on the piano, performed often the song on music programs live for television as "Inkigayo" and "Music Bank".

The music videos of "Miracles in December" (in Korean and Mandarin) was directed by Jo So-hyun and was filmed in Paju, Gyeonggi in a study in Ilsan near Seoul.

On December 5, Exo held their performances debut album "Miracles in December" in the program of Mnet "M! Countdown".

The EP "Miracles in December" was released on December 9, 2013. The group organized the Korean version of "Christmas Day" in "M! Countdown " on 19 December. Outstanding performances in the twelve members of EXO presented with accompanying choreography produced by Tony Testa and Greg Hwang. The EP ended in numbers 1 and 2, weekly y monthly in Gaon Albums Chart of two versions. The Single "Miracles in December" (in Korean version) reached the numer 2 in Weekly Digital Singles Chart of Gaon and number 3 in Billboard's Korea K-Pop Hot 100. The Mandarin version of the song was number 47 on Gaon Chart, but he finished in Gaon International Singles Chart. He also went to number 7 in Baidu Charts of China. The Korean edition of "Christmas Day" reached number 5 and 38 in the weekly lists Gaon and Korea K -Pop Hot 100, respectively and editing in Mandarin reached number 10 in Baidu lists.

Korean and Chinese versions

Combined version

Wilfredo Gómez

Wilfredo Gómez Rivera (; born October 29, 1956) is a Puerto Rican former professional boxer. He is sometimes referred to as Bazooka Gómez. Gomez was a three-time world champion. He is often said to be one of the best Puerto Rican boxers of all time. This has been said by many sports journalists and analysts. They often include him with Félix Trinidad, Miguel Cotto, Wilfred Benítez, Esteban De Jesús, Edwin Rosario, and Carlos Ortíz.

Gomez defended his title with seventeen knockouts in a row. That is a record for all boxing divisions. He was ranked number 13 on "The Ring" magazine's list of the "100 greatest punchers of all time". In 1995, Gómez became a part of the International Boxing Hall of Fame.

Zuzana Stevulova

Zuzana Števulová (born 1983) is a Slovakia lawyer and lecturer. She helps migrants. She was given an International Women of Courage Award.

Števulová was born in Slovakia in 1983. She is lecturer at the University of Trnava.

She had campaigned for migrants arriving in Europe, She was the first Slovak to be given an International Women of Courage Award in Washington DC. She has supported the rights of the migrants in her country.


Péry

Péry was a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Péry and La Heutte merged into the new municipality of Péry-La Heutte.


Péry-La Heutte

Péry-La Heutte is a new municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of La Heutte and Péry merged into the new municipality of Péry-La Heutte.


Pieterlen

Pieterlen is a municipality of the administrative district of Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Hohenrain

Hohenrain is a municipality of the district Hochdorf in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. Since January 1, 2007, Lieli became part of the municipality.


Plagne, Switzerland

Plagne was a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Plagne and Vauffelin merged into the new municipality of Sauge.

Pohlern

Pohlern is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Pontenet

Pontenet was a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Pontenet, Bévilard and Malleray merged into the new municipality of Valbirse.

Valbirse

Valbirse is a new municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Bévilard, Malleray and Pontenet merged into the new municipality of Valbirse.


Port, Switzerland

Port is a municipality of the administrative district Biel/Bienne in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Sivaji Ganesan

Sivaji Ganesan was an actor of Tamil Cinema. He is also known as "Nadigar Thilagam", which means 'the pride of actors' (). He was one of the most respected movie actors in India. He was well known for his acting skills and versatility. He became an actor after performing as a stage actor in his childhood.

Sivaji' s real name is Villupuram Chinnaiahpillai Ganesan. He was born in marthandam, Thanjavur district (now in Nagapattinam district), Madras Presidency (now Tamil Nadu) on 1 October 1928. He became an actor after performing as a stage actor in his childhood. He married Kamala and has two sons and two daughters named Ramkumar Ganesan, Prabhu Ganesan, Thenmozhi Ganesan and Shanti Ganesan.

Sivaji Ganesan acted in 283 movies in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam and Hindi. His career was started in the year 1952 and existed till 1999 for 47 years. His first movie was "Parasakthi". This movie tells about the misfortunes of the members of a Tamil family during World War II, how they met their individual fate and reunite again. This movie was a great success running for 175 days. 

"Andha Naal", a movie in 1954 by Sivaji set a new trend with no songs. The same year he acted along with Revolutionary leader M.G.Ramachandran in the movie "Koondukkili". His role in the movie "Veerapandiya Kattabomman" won him "Best actor" award at Afro-Asian Film Festival held at Cairo in March 1960. He was the first Indian to get the award abroad. 

Sivaji acted in nine roles by himself in the movie of "Navarathri". He acted as many epic characters such as Bhagat Singh, Veerapandiya Kattabomman, Karna, Lord Shiva etc. His first blockbuster came from the movie of "Vasantha Maaligai" in the year 1972. Following this movies like "Gauravam", "Raja Raja Cholan", "Karna", "Pasamalar", "Kappalottiya Tamilan", "Bale Pandiya", "Thri Soolam" etc became ultimate blockbuster movies.His last works are Padaiyappa and Pooparikka Varigirom released in the year 1999.

Sivaji Ganesan had respiratory problems and heart ailments. He was admitted in Apollo Hospital in Chennai on 21 June 2001. He died at 7:45 pm that day at the age of 72. His eldest son Ramkumar Ganesan performed his last rituals of his funeral at the Besant Nagar Crematorium, Chennai.


Prêles

Prêles was a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Prêles, Diesse and Lamboing merged into the new municipality of Plateau de Diesse.

Plateau de Diesse

Plateau de Diesse is a new municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Diesse, Lamboing and Prêles merged into the new municipality of Plateau de Diesse.


Pokémon Go

Pokémon Go (or Pokémon GO) is a free-to-play Android and iOS game. It was developed by Niantic. It is licensed by The Pokémon Company. It was released in July 2016 in the US, Europe, and Australia. The game lets players catch and train fictional living beings, called Pocket Monsters (in Japan) or Pokémon (everywhere else). The game makes them exist in real life by using GPS and a smartphone's camera.

As players walk in the real world, their character in the game moves as well. Players can find Pokemon by using the game map to walk to places where the grass is moving. They can then throw a Pokeball at the Pokemon to see if they can catch it. Players can also walk to special places in the game called "PokeStops" or "Gyms". At PokeStops, players can find extra PokeBalls and candy to feed their Pokemon. At Gyms, players can get their pokemon to fight another pokemon to try to win that gym for their team.

An earlier game by Niantic called "Ingress" was used to make the special places in the game. Pokemon GO got its start in an April Fool's joke by Google and The Pokemon Company in 2013, called "Pokemon Challenge".

An item called Pokemon GO Plus is being sold to let people play the game without looking at their smartphones all the time. Pokemon GO looks like a Gameplay of Pokémon mixed with the Google Maps pin shape.

"Pokémon Go" has a current score of 69 critic score and a user score of 5.5 on Metacritic.

The game became more popular after they released the Generation 2 Pokémon, featuring more items and Pokemon. In that update, berries (a type of fruit that makes the Pokémon flee, higher chance on catching, etc.) were added, and evolution items were added in (things that are used to evolve Pokemon to become one certain), such as the Metal Coat and Kings Rock.


Sing for You

Sing for You is the second winter special album and fourth EP of the South Korean boy band Exo. The album was released by the label S.M. Entertainment in two versions, Korean and Mandarin on 10 December 2015. "Sing for You" currently has the largest first week sales recorded by the web site monitoring, Hanteo.

On November 24, 2015, Exo confirmed the upcoming release of the second special winter album after "Miracles in December" (2013). Teaser images for the album began released on December 2. The list of songs from the album, including four new songs and a bonus track "Lightsaber " previously released in November, was announced on December 7. Music videos and the teaser of the song from the album "Sing for You" were released on 8 and 9 December respectively.

On December 10, 2015, shortly after the release of "Sing for You", Exo held a showcase with an audience of 1,500 people, to promote the album in the Lotte World in Seoul, South Korea. The showcase was broadcast using the mobile application 'V' of Naver, then the record as the most-watched live throughout the application. Exo began promoting the song "Sing for You" and "Unfair" in music programs of Korea on 12 and 18 December respectively.

"Sing for You" he broke the record of "EXODUS". The second studio album of Exo, previously served as the album with the highest sales in the first week registered by the website monitoring album sales Hanteo Korea with more than 267,900 copies.


Time in North Korea

Time in North Korea is given Korea Standard Time (KST) which is 8.5 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (UTC). If it is 16:00 UTC, it is 01:00 the next day in North Korea. It has never observed summer time.

North Korea was originally 8:30 hours ahead of UTC () from 2015 to 2018, 30 minutes behind neighboring South Korea and Japan, as announced in August 2015, but reverted to UTC+09:00 now on the same time as Seoul and Tokyo beginning at 23:30 on 4 May 2018. 

Radelfingen

Radelfingen is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Duchy of Nassau

Nassau was a duchy which was created after the Holy Roman Empire ended in 1806. It was absorbed by different other states before becoming part of Germany in 1866.

Nassau (as a duchy) existed above the Rhine It was near the end where the river came near the French border.

Nassau was also south of the Prussian Empire, Not near the coast of the Rhine. It was named after it's centre Nassau, but it was not its capital. When it helped in Waterloo it ended up in Belgium near Planciontot before being absorbed into Prussia.

They engaged the French on many occasions, clearly capable of standing up to the French however they were ultimately deafened after an engagement at the town of Smohain and the farm of Frichermont, they became part of the Confederation of the Rhine, Ending their independence, they were annexed by Prussia and became an independent state. Later, Nassau helped in the Battle of Waterloo before being absorbed into the Prussian Empire, and later, the empire of Germany.

Exo's Showtime

Exo's Showtime () is a reality TV show South Korean starring members of the boy band EXO, was issued by the pay channel MBC Every 1 from 28 November 2013 until 13 February 2014.




Arrondissement of Angoulême

The arrondissement of Angoulême is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Angoulême.

When the Charente department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Angoulême was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Angoulême is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has 197,377 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Angoulême is in southeastern Charente and is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Confolens, to the east and south by the Dordogne department, and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Cognac.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Angoulême, there are four cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Boixe-et-Manslois, Charente-Sud, Tude-et-Lavalette and Val de Nouère. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Angoulême has 117 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Rise (Katy Perry song)

Rise" is a song co-written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Katy Perry. The song was released on July 14, 2016. It was used in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She released the song because "[she] was inspired to finish it now, rather than save it for [her] next album, because now more than ever, there is a need for our world to unite."

"Rise" has topped the iTunes charts of over 25 countries worldwide, including the U.S., UK, Canada, and Australia. The song entered the Australian ARIA Singles Chart at number 1 and reached number 3 in Scotland. The song reached the top 20 in the US and Canada. On October 17, 2017, the song was certified platinum in the US.

One music video for the song features Olympic athletes practicing for the Games. However, an official video was released and shows Perry climbing through different terrains with a red parachute.

Critics have said that the song was powerful and uplifting but received mixed reviews. Daniel Kreps from "Rolling Stone" called producer Max Martin an "extraordinaire," while Brandon Caldwell from the "Houston Press" said that the song "just doesn’t fit the template of inspirational, fiery and get America ready to beat the rest of the world in sporting competitions. It just doesn’t fit the Olympics. Now, in terms of beating world issues? 'Rise' may have something there."

Songwriting credits from iTunes metadata.

Arrondissement of Cognac

The arrondissement of Cognac is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Cognac.

When the Charente department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Cognac was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Cognac is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has 92,224 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Cognac is in western Charente and is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Confolens, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Angoulême and to the south and west by the Charente-Maritime department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Cognac, there are three cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Charente-Sud, Tude-et-Lavalette and Val de Nouère. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Cognac has 116 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Time in China

China has one time zone.
It is officially called China Standard Time (CST).
It is 8 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time ().
There is no daylight saving time.

The capital of China is Beijing.
It is at about 116° east.
The visual sun time for Beijing is UTC+7:45:32.
The time zone UTC+08:00 matches the visual sun time for 120° east.
The complete hour UTC+08:00 is a compromise to be compatible to other time zones on earth.

Because Beijing is the capital, and the UTC+08:00 time zone is about right for the capital’s location, people usually call China Standard Time, , in English Beijing Standard Time (BJT).

Xinjiang (East Turkestan) unofficially uses .
Many locations north and south of Xinjiang use this time zone.
However, the main population, the Uyghur people, also use the time zone as a political statement, to express disagreement with the central government in Beijing.

The UTC+08:00 time zone is also used in Taiwan.
However, because of political reasons it is usually called "Taipei Time" or "Taiwan Time".
Similarly, in Hong Kong the time zone is called "Hong Kong Time".


Some people say that (except for 112 – 128° E) the usage of was harmful.
China should have five time zones.
The country’s west, especially in Xinjiang, see sunrise as late as 10 a.m. CST, making children go to school in the dark, and sunsets in the summer as late as midnight.

Arrondissement of Confolens

The arrondissement of Confolens is an arrondissement of France, in the Charente department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Confolens.

When the Charente department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Confolens was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Confolens is the largest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has 64,252 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Confolens is in northern Charente and is bordered to the northwest by the Deux-Sèvres department, to the north by the Vienne department, to the east and southeast by the Haute-Vienne department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Angoulême, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Cognac, to the west by the Charente-Maritime department.

It has a small border with the Dordogne department to the southeast.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Confolens, there are only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Boixe-et-Manslois and Val de Tardoire. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Confolens has 150 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


List of districts of Jammu and Kashmir

Jammu and Kashmir consists of two divisions: Jammu and Kashmir Valley. Earlier a state, now Union territory of India.

2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt

A coup d'état attempt took place in Turkey on 15 July 2016, when a group of people tried to take over the government because they disagreed with the way the president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, was running the country. It is believed that most of these people were from the Turkish Army. Over 100 people were killed and over 1,000 injured. Thousands of soldiers were arrested because they joined the rebellion or for other reasons. Hundreds fled to Greece or other foreign countries. Thousands of teachers, judges and other government employees were fired in the 2016 Turkish purges.

Rapperswil, Bern

Rapperswil is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is north of the capital Bern. On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Ruppoldsried merged into Rapperswil. On 1 January 2016, the former municipality of Bangerten merged into Rapperswil.


Army of Mississippi

The Army of Mississippi (also called the Confederate Army of the Mississippi) was a Confederate army during the American Civil War. It should not be confused with the Union Army of the Mississippi. It was formed on March 29, 1862. The commander was Full General Albert Sidney Johnston with Full General P. G. T. Beauregard as second-in-command. After Johnston's death at the Battle of Shiloh, Beauregard took over. After that there were a series of commanders. In November 1862, the Army of Mississippi was renamed the Army of Tennessee. The second army called the Army of Mississippi was created in December 1862, under Lieutenant general John C. Pemberton. This army had a confusing number of additional names. The II corps, under Major general Sterling Price was called the "Army of West Tennessee". It was also called the Army of the West. When both corps (I corps and II corps) were changed into divisions in January 1863, they dropped the name Army of Mississippi. Leonidas Polk had commanded I corps. In May 1864, Polk's troops joined with Joseph E. Johnston's Army of Tennessee to form the third Army of Mississippi. Polk was killed in June 1862 after which the army was simply called Alexander P. Stewart's corps.

Holding company

A Holding company is a company, which has the purpose of owning stock (or shares) of other companies. In most cases, such companies do not sell products or services, they manage the companies they (partly) own. Probably one of the best known holding companies was the "Standard Oil of New Jersey", founded in 1889, which is called ExxonMobil today.
In general, there are three forms:

Confolens

Confolens () is a commune in southwestern France. Confolens is the administrative centre of a largely rural area, which has had an important growth of tourism in recent years.

It is one of the two subprefectures of the Charente department and the capital of the canton of Charente-Vienne.

On 1 January 2016, the former "commune" Saint-Germain-de-Confolens was merged with the "commune" of Confolens.

Confolens is at the confluence of the Vienne and Goire rivers. The name of this place comes from the Latin word "confluens" that means "confluence".

The city is at from Angoulême, from Limoges and from Poitiers, the three largest cities that are closest to Confolens.

It has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "communes" that are around Confolens are Brillac, Esse, Saint-Maurice-des-Lions, Ansac-sur-Vienne, Hiesse and Lessac.

The climate of Confolens, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

With a population of 2,721, Confolens has a population density of inhabitants/km.

The inhabitants of Confolens are known, in French, as "Confolentais" (women: "Confolentaises").

Confolens is a subprefecture of the Charente department since 1800. It is also the capital of the canton of Charente-Vienne.


Confolens is a twin town of:



Bluebird

The bluebirds are a group of medium-sized, mostly insectivorous or omnivorous Passerine birds. They are in the genus "Sialia" of the thrush family (Turdidae). 

Bluebirds are one of the few thrush genera in the Americas. They have blue, or blue and rose beige, plumage. Female birds are less brightly colored than males, although color patterns are similar and there is no noticeable difference in size between the two sexes.

Bluebirds are territorial and prefer open grassland with scattered trees. Predators of young bluebirds in the nests may include snakes, cats, and raccoons. Bird species competing with bluebirds for nesting locations include the common starling, American crow, and house sparrows. House sparrows take over the nesting sites of bluebirds, killing young, smashing eggs, and probably killing adult bluebirds.

Bluebirds species include:


Lemon Tree (Fool's Garden song)

"Lemon Tree" is a 1995 song by indie rock band Fools Garden. It became a major hit in Europe and Asia. The song is about a person's depressions and his miserable mind.

Corps

A corps is a military unit usually made up of two or more divisions. In the United States Army, a corps is the largest tactical unit that can plan and carry out its own missions. The term can also be applied to a military unit with a specific function such as a Quartermaster Corps or an Intelligence Corps. It can be applied to a branch of a military such as the United States Marine Corps. It can also mean a body of officers such as a Cadet Corps. The word has other uses. A group of people engaged in the same work can be called a corps. An example is the Peace Corps. The word comes from the Old French "cors" meaning "body, person, corpse, life". That word, in turn, is based on the Latin word "corpus" meaning "body".

Carnivorous fungus

Carnivourous fungi are fungi that get some of their nutrients from trapping animals. These animals are microscopic, or very small. Over two hundred species are known.

Two basic trapping mechanisms have been observed in carnivorous fungi that are predatory on nematodes:



Army of the Mississippi

Army of the Mississippi was the name given to two Union armies during the American Civil War. Both operated around the Mississippi River and both were active for only a short time.

The first army was created on February 23, 1862. It was commanded by Major general John Pope. Pope's orders were to clear Confederate troops along the Mississippi River so the Union army could move through the area. On February 28, 1862, General Pope began to move against New Madrid, Missouri. The Army then fought at the Battle of Island Number Ten. The army next fought at the Siege of Corinth. After the capture of Corinth Pope was sent east to command the Army of Virginia. Major general William S. Rosecrans assumed command of the Army of the Mississippi. The army fought at the Battle of Iuka followed by the Second Battle of Corinth. His commanding officer, Ulysses S. Grant, was unhappy with his failure to go after the retreating Confederates after the Battle of Corinth. In October, 1862, Rosecrans was transferred to command the Army of the Ohio and the Army of the Mississippi was disbanded.

In 1863 Major general John Alexander McClernand was put in command of the expedition against the Confederates down the Mississippi. He was given command of two corps from the Army of the Tennessee. McClernand named his force the "Army of the Mississippi". McClernand was successful in capturing Arkansas Post but he acted without orders. On January 30, 1863, Grant personally took command of the army. The old XIII Corps and XV Corps were returned to the Army of the Tennessee on January 12, 1863.

Battle of Chancellorsville

The Battle of Chancellorsville (April 30 to May 6, 1863) was a major battle in the American Civil War. It is generally considered to be Confederate General Robert E. Lee’s greatest victory over the Union Army. But the Confederate victory was lessened by the loss of Lieutenant general Stonewall Jackson. Jackson was shot and mortally wounded by his own men who mistook the general and his staff for Union cavalry. For this reason Lee's win at Chancellorsville was considered a pyrrhic victory.

After the Battle of Fredericksburg the Union army was in a state of confusion. The Army of the Potomac was commanded by Major general Ambrose Burnside. But his generals were in near open revolt against Burnside feeling he was unfit to command. Burnside even seemed to agree with them. He had refused command of the Army of the Potomac twice saying he was not up to the job. Finally, President Abraham Lincoln agreed and replaced Burnside with General Joseph Hooker. Hooker managed to restore the health and morale of his army within a few weeks. He proudly called them "the finest army on the planet."

Hooker devised a plan for a spring campaign that would cause Lee's Army of Northern Virginia to fall back from Fredericksburg, Virginia. He hoped it would also destroy Lee's army. His plan was to send his 10,000-man cavalry on a raid against Richmond, Virginia to cut Lee's lines of communication with the Confederate capital. He would send most of his infantry to cross the Rappahannock and Rapidan Rivers 40 miles north of the Confederates. The rest of his army would cross the river at Fredericksburg to attack Lee from the front. It was devised as a pincer movement that if successful would surround the enemy.

Hooker's army crossed the Rappahannock on April 30, 1863. This placed his army on Lee's flank. Hooker's Federal army numbered 97,382 men. This was twice the size of Lee's army at 57,352 men. But rather than retreat, Lee split his forces. He decided to attack Hooker while his army was still in the thick wilderness. Lee sent Jackson with 30,000 Confederate soldiers to attack the Union right flank. He assigned 
Major general Jubal A. Early with 10,000 soldiers to defend Fredericksburg. By the afternoon of April 30, 50,000 Union troops with 108 artillery pieces found themselves at an important road junction. There was a tavern at the crossroad named Chancellorsville. Rather than keep going and get clear of the wilderness, Hooker decided to stop and wait for more Union troops to arrive. There had been no Confederate opposition at this point. Even so, Hooker's officers wanted to keep going.

On May 1, Stonewall Jackson found two divisions of Confederates at Zoan Church, fortifying a ridge. He ordered them to drop their shovels and pick up their rifles and move toward the Union soldiers to attack. The Union army had just decided to move forward again and had not expected any Confederate resistance. Hooker ordered his soldiers back and had them form defensive positions in the wilderness. On the morning of May 2, Jackson moved his corps against the Union left flank. There was fighting on and off all day. At 5:20 p.m., Jackson attacked the Union's XI Corps. The Federals counterattacked until darkness ended the fighting. That night, Jackson was making a night reconnaissance with one of his staff officers when he was mistakenly shot by his own soldiers. He died 8 days later from pneumonia after losing his left arm. General J.E.B. Stuart took over temporary command of Jackson's Corps.

On May 3, The Confederates resumed their attacks forcing Hooker's army to defend the river fords. This was the heaviest day of the fighting. Both wings of the Confederates attacked while their artillery concentrated on the Union line at Hazel Grove. The larger Union army held nearly all of the most strategic spots on the battlefield. Of these the key to the battle was Hazel Grove, a high open plateau that overlooked all the Union positions. Stuart realized this and early in the morning Confederates attacked up the slopes of Hazel Grove and captured about 100 men and four artillery pieces. For unknown reasons Hooker had ordered the artillery back from Hazel Grove. At the time of the attack, most of the artillery had already been removed. This was a costly mistake since the Confederate artillery could now fire down on the union positions with great ease. This finally forced the Union line back to a defensive position with his back to the river. Meanwhile, the other Union forces were advancing on Lee from the east. Lee split his army again and met and defeated the Federals near Salem Church (Fredericksburg). This was by far the bloodiest day of fighting. The fighting at Salem Church resulted in more casualties than the entire First Battle of Bull Run.

On May 6, Hooker recrossed the Rappahannock. He lost a total of 17,278 casualties while Lee lost 12,826. It was a tremendous win for Lee. But Lee could not replace Jackson. Hooker was the second general of the Army of the Potomac to be replaced after a single battle. Hooker argued that the cavalry raid failed to cut Lee's supply lines. He complained that the XI Corps, composed mostly of German-Americans and other recent immigrants, ran instead of staying to fight. Oliver O. Howard's XI corps were labeled the "flying Dutchmen" over this incident. But they redeemed themselves at the Battle of Missionary Ridge. Howard would later be promoted over Hooker. But despite laying the blame elsewhere Hooker was replaced by General George G. Meade. In a few weeks, Lee would move north to engage the Union forces again at the Battle of Gettysburg.


Hugo Niebeling

Hugo Niebeling (2 February 1931 – 9 July 2016) was a German movie director and producer.

He was known for his work on industrial and music movies. He is thought to be one of the most important figures of these genres in Germany. His work has been said helped create the modern music video. His feature-movie documentary "Alvorada" was nominated for an Academy Award in 1963.

Erny Brenner

Erny Brenner (13 September 1931 – 9 July 2016) was a Luxembourgian association football player. He was a member of the Luxembourg national football team from 1955 to 1965. He was born in Dudelange, Luxembourg.

Brenner died on 9 July 2016 in Esch-sur-Alzette, Luxembourg, aged 84.

Robert Burren Morgan

Robert Burren Morgan (October 5, 1925 – July 16, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the United States Senator from the state of North Carolina. He served as senator for a single term from 1975 until 1981.

Morgan died of heart failure on July 16, 2016 at his home in Buies Creek, North Carolina, aged 90.


Kazimieras Uoka

Kazimieras Uoka (4 March 1951 – 16 July 2016) was a Lithuanian politician. He signed the 1990 Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.

He was born in Kaunas. Uoka graduated from Vilnius University in 1976. He was a leader of the labor movement in the early years of the independence movement.

Uoka died on 16 July 2016 in Vilnius, aged 65.

Torpor

Torpor is a physiological state of the body. It occurs in some small warm-blooded animals when food is scarce.

Some animals have periods of torpor every day, including hummingbirds.
So do some small mammals, for example, rodent species (such as mice), and bats. Many small marsupials also have daily periods of torpor.

Torpor is a well controlled thermoregulatory process. It is not the result of switching off thermoregulation.


Moju Chowdhury Hat

Moju Chowdhury Hat or Rahmat Khali is a town and tourism in Lakshmipur Sadar Upazila of Lakshmipur District, in south-eastern Bangladesh. It is commonly known as Moju Chowdhury Hat but it used to be called Rahmat Khali. It was renamed "Moju Chowdhury" in 1965. It is spelled as M.C.H. for short (). This town is 12 km² south of Lakshmipur City. It is across the Meghna River from Bhola 38 km² to the southwest. Moju Chowdhury Hat is 76 km² east of Barisal. Moju Chowdhury Hat is itself municipality and a tourist destination. It is also a ransport hub for passengers from the Bhola Barisal Division and Chittagong Division, serving about four thousand people per day.

Moju Chowdhury is named after a person. Moju Chowdhury came to Rahmat Khali when it was still part of the Mughal Empire. Moju Chowdhury was the second of Pana Mia Hazi's four sons. He went to Lakshmipur Government Collage, where he studied landscapes.

Moju Chowdhury Hat is located at It has 145.56 households and a total area of 56.05 km².



The Da Vinci Code (movie)

The Da Vinci Code is a religious 2006 American drama movie. Ron Howard directed the movie.

Robert Langdon is a professor of religious iconography and symbology from Harvard University. While in Paris, he is the prime suspect in the unusual murder of a Louvre curator. Langdon realized the curator was part of a secret society. Members of the society included Leonardo da Vinci, Victor Hugo, Botticelli, and others

"The Da Vinci Code" (like the book) was controversial. It received very harsh criticism from the Roman Catholic Church. They didn't like the idea that they were behind a 2,000-year-old cover-up about what the Holy Grail really was. The movie also said that Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married and had a daughter.

The movie was banned in Egypt because of controversial elements. It was also banned in Lebanon and Jordan

The movie got mixed to negative reviews from the critics. Rotten Tomatoes rated the movie 25%, meaning "Rotten". It also got poor reviews at the Cannes Film Festival Movie critic Leonard Maltin called the movie "a letdown in every respect."

However, reviews were not all bad. Roger Ebert gave the movie three out of four stars. Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper both liked the movie.

Despite mixed to negative reviews, the movie took in more than $758 million in the box office.


Fatshe leno la rona

"Blessed Be This Noble Land" is called "Fatshe leno la rona" () in the Tswana language. It is the national anthem of Botswana. Kgalemang Tumediso Motsete wrote the lyrics (words) and composed the music of this song in 1962. Four years later when the country got its independence from the United Kingdom, this anthem was adopted.

God Bless America

"God Bless America" is an American patriotic song. It was written by Irving Berlin in 1918. The song was revised in 1938. The latter was recorded by Kate Smith; it became her signature song. 

In 1938, with the rise of Adolf Hitler, Berlin felt it was time to revive the song. On Armistice Day, 1938, Kate Smith performed the song on the radio.

The song is played at Major League Baseball games. 

Céline Dion and LeAnn Rimes did cover versions of the song.

Cochineal

The cochineal ("Dactylopius" "coccus") is a scale insect in the suborder Sternorrhyncha, from which the natural dye carmine is made. 

The insect lives in tropical and subtropical South America, Mexico and Arizona. Its larvae eat cacti in the genus "Opuntia", feeding on plant moisture and nutrients. These insects are found on the pads of prickly pear cacti, then are brushed off and dried.

The insect produces carminic acid, which deters predation by other insects. Carminic acid is extracted from the body and eggs, then mixed with aluminium or calcium salts to make carmine dye, also known as cochineal. Today, carmine is primarily used as a colorant in food and in lipstick.

Battle of Fredericksburg

The Battle of Fredericksburg (December 11, 1862 – December 15, 1862) was a major battle in the American Civil War fought at Fredericksburg, Virginia. The battle saw almost 200,000 men engaged—more than any other Civil War battle. It involved the first major opposed river crossing in the history of the United States. 

After the Maryland Campaign and the bloody Battle of Antietam, the Army of Northern Virginia under General Robert E. Lee retreated south into Virginia. Lee's rearguard action at the Battle of Shepherdstown convinced Union General George B. McClellan not to follow him too closely. McClellan, after asking twice for more reinforcements, decided it was safer to stay put and defend Maryland. On October 6, President Abraham Lincoln instructed McClellan to go after the Confederates in Virginia. Although he had 100,000 men he complained he did not have enough troops and supplies to cross into Virginia. Finally, at the end of October, by which time Lee's army was rested and resupplied, McClellan slowly moved his army south. But he did not engage them. Lincoln waited until after the elections of 1862 before replacing McClellan. The President had already planned to replace McClellan for some time. Before the autumn of 1862 he had offered command of the Army of the Potomac to Ambrose Burnside twice. Burnside turned Lincoln down both times. Finally, on November 7, Lincoln replaced McClellan as Burnside reluctantly accepted the job.

Now in command, on November 14, Burnside sent a corps to the area of Falmouth across from Fredericksburg. This was in preparation for a move against Richmond, Virginia, the Confederate capital. Reports placed Lee's army scattered between Culpepper, Virginia and Winchester, Virginia blocking any Union advances south.

Burnside's plan, approved by Lincoln, was to move the army south to attack Richmond. He decided to move via Fredericksburg. That way he could depend on the Union Navy to keep him supplied instead of overland supply which could be attacked by Confederate cavalry. He would also sidestep the Confederate army and get between them and Richmond. His main base was the landing at Aquia Creek. His plan was to use pontoon bridges to cross the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg. But the pontoon bridges were two weeks late in arriving. So the Army of the Potomac sat across the river and waited. This delay gave Lee ample time to gather his forces to oppose Burnside, who had now lost the advantage of surprise. During the early morning hours on December 11, soldiers assembled the pontoon bridges so the army could cross. The confederates fired on them causing delays in completing the bridges. Burnside's 150 artillery pieces opened fire from Stafford Heights. The shells did extensive damage to the town but did not drive off the Confederates. Finally the bridges were completed late that evening. More than 120,000 Union troops poured across the bridges into Fredericksburg. Lee continued to give token resistance to allow General Stonewall Jackson's corps time to get in place and complete a Confederate line some three miles long.
Burnside had depended on an unopposed crossing of the river. Now, Lee had time to get his army in place. Winter weather would soon make the roads very difficult to use and end any campaigns until spring. Burnside needed to break through Lee's line.

On December 12, the morning was cold and foggy. Burnside sent more troops into the town but did nothing to organize an attack. Instead, his men wasted the day looting and vandalizing houses and shops.
Burnside waited until the morning of December 13 to issue his orders. He directed General William B. Franklin's division to attack Jackson's Corps. Then General Edwin Vose Sumner's division was to attack Marye's Heights. But Burnside's orders were unclear on several points. In his orders to Franklin, he ordered the attack with "a division at least". Without taking time to clarify, Franklin sent just one—General George G. Meade's division of 4.500 men. They were to attack Jackson's line about a mile away. Two small Confederate cannon were on the road perpendicular to Mead's advancing troops. Even though he had orders to disengage, Major John Pelham kept up the shelling for over an hour. Finally, when Pelham ran out of ammunition he withdrew the cannons. Meade continued his march on Jackson's position. When Meade's division came to within , Jackson's hidden 14 artillery pieces opened fire cutting down many of Meade's soldiers. Union artillery opened fire on the Confederate guns and an artillery duel started that lasted for an hour. Meade's troops found a gap in Jackson's line in the woods and exploited it. A South Carolina brigade at first mistook Meade's troops for retreating Confederates and did not fire on them. This allowed the Union troops to get deep within Jackson's line. When Jackson learned of this he ordered a counterattack and drove the Union troops back to their own lines.

Burnside waited at his headquarters to hear that Meade had successfully driven Jackson back. When no word of this came, he ordered the attack on Marye's Heights to go ahead anyway. Artillery on top of Marye's Heights and nearby hills would prevent any assault on the Heights. But Sumner ordered a series of attacks all afternoon with the Confederate artillery raining down shells on them. Finally, at dusk the attacks were called off. One after another, three divisions had tried to scale Marye's Heights and all had failed. Nearly 3,000 men were lost in just an hour but the attacks continued with no effect. As Lee watched the destruction of Sumner's divisions he remarked, "It is well that war is so terrible. We should grow too fond of it." Of the 12,600 Federal casualties almost two-thirds were lost assaulting Marye's Heights. In turn, the Confederates lost about 5,000 men during the battle.

Despite winning what seemed like a lopsided battle, Lee lost men and equipment he could not afford to lose. Burnside's losses, although great, were soon replaced. Lee suffered 5,300 casualties defending Fredericksburg. Union losses were more than double. Burnside lost about 12,600 Union soldiers; killed, wounded, or missing. The Battle of Fredericksburg was depressing news to the North. But it had no lasting impact on the war. It was a boost to Confederate morale however. The spring would see a new campaign against Richmond. In January 1863, Burnside was replaced as commander of the Army of the Potomac by General Joseph Hooker. But Like Burnside, Hooker would be replaced after a single disastrous battle—the Battle of Chancellorsville. But following the Battle of Fredericksburg, the Army of the Potomac engaged in what came to be called the Mud March, an aborted attempt at a winter campaign. 


Charente (river)

The Charente (Saintongeais: "Chérente", ) is a river in southwestern France that flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Two departments, Charente and Charente-Maritime, are named after the river.

It rises in the Massif Central and flows into the Atlantic Ocean (Bay of Biscay) near Rochefort.

The Charente river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Charente river starts in western Massif Central, in the "commune" of Chéronnac, Haute-Vienne department, at an elevation of about . It flows to the northwest for about and then flows through the north of the Charente department.

The river keeps flowing to the northwest and gets into the Vienne department. After the "commune" of Civray, the river turns to the southwest and gets back into the Charente department. After Angoulême, the river turns west and, after Cognac, to the northwest.

Finally, the river flows into the Atlantic Ocean near Rochefort.

The river is (it is deep, wide and slow enough for a ship to pass), mainly with recreational boats from Angoulême to its mouth.

The Charente flows through 4 departments and 120 "communes", all in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region:

The main tributaries of the Charente river are:


Nate Thurmond

Nathaniel "Nate" Thurmond (July 25, 1941 – July 16, 2016) was an American basketball player. He spent the majority of his 14-year career in the National Basketball Association (NBA) with the Golden State Warriors. He played the center and power forward positions.

Thurmond was a seven-time All-Star and the first player in NBA history to record an official quadruple-double. Thurmond was named both a member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame and one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History.

He was known to fans as "Nate the Great", Thurmond has had his No. 42 jersey retired by both the Golden State Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers.

Thurmond died at the age of 74 on July 16, 2016 after a short battle with leukemia in San Francisco.

Bloeme Evers-Emden

Bloeme Evers-Emden (; 26 July 1927 – 18 July 2016) was a Jewish-Dutch academic and child psychologist. She researched the phenomenon of "hidden children" during World War II and wrote four books on the subject in the 1990s.

Her interest in the topic grew out of her own experiences during World War II, when she was forced to go into hiding from the Nazis and was arrested and deported to Auschwitz on the last transport leaving the Westerbork transit camp on 3 September 1944. Together with her on the train were Anne Frank and her family, whom she had known in Amsterdam. She was freed on 8 May 1945.

She wrote columns for the Jewish weekly "Nieuw Israëlietisch Weekblad".


Qandeel Baloch

Fouzia Azeem (; March 1, 1990 – July 15, 2016), better known by the name Qandeel Baloch (), was a Pakistani model, actress, feminist activist and social media celebrity. Baloch became famous due to her videos discussing her daily routine and many controversial issues.

Baloch first received recognition from the media in 2013, when she auditioned for "Pakistan Idol"; her audition went viral and she became an Internet celebrity. She was one of the top 10 most searched for persons on the internet in Pakistan and both celebrated and criticized for her videos and posts.

On July 15, 2016, Baloch was strangled while she was asleep in her parents' house in Multan. Her brother Waseem confessed to the murder saying she was "bringing disrepute" to the "family's honour".

Janez Bernik

Janez Bernik (6 September 1933 – 15 July 2016) was a Slovenian painter and academic. He was born in Gunclje, now part of Ljubljana. His works include painting, sculpture, graphic design, illustration, tapestry, book design, and poetry. He won the Prešeren Fund Award in 1963.

Bernik died on 15 July 2016 in the Municipality of Prebold, Slovenia, aged 82.

Billy Name

Billy Name (William Linich, Jr., February 22, 1940 – July 18, 2016) was an American photographer, filmmaker and lighting designer. He was the archivist of the Warhol Factory, from 1964 to 1970. His brief romance and friendship with Andy Warhol led to collaboration on Warhol's work, including his movies, paintings and sculpture. 


Duncan M. Gray Jr.

Duncan Montgomery Gray, Jr. (September 21, 1926 – July 15, 2016) was an American bishop and activist. He was the 7th Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Mississippi (a middle judicatory of the Episcopal Church, USA). He was a priest in the southern United States. Gray was best known for his work as a civil rights activist, and his story was included in the University of Southern Mississippi's Civil Rights Digital Archive.

Sharon Runner

Sharon Runner (May 17, 1954 – July 14, 2016) was an American politician. She was a Republican California State Senator. She represented the 21st Senate District at the time of her death, and lastly represented the 17th Senate District from 2011 to 2012.

She was also a member of the California State Assembly from 2002 to 2008, representing the 36th district. She was the wife of California State Board of Equalization Member George Runner. From 2004 to 2008, then-Senator George Runner and then-Assemblywoman Sharon Runner were the first husband and wife in California history to serve at the same time in the California State Legislature.

Runner died at her home in Lancaster, California on July 14, 2016 from complications of respiratory failure, aged 62.

Helena Benitez

Helena Zoila Tirona Benitez (June 27, 1914 – July 14, 2016) was a Filipino academic and administrator of the Philippine Women's University. She served in the Senate of the Philippines from 1967 until Congress was closed when martial law was declared in 1972, and at the Batasang Pambansa from 1978 until it was abolished in 1986.

Benitez also founded the Bayanihan Dance Company.

Benitez died on July 14, 2016 in Manila, aged 102.

Péter Esterházy

Péter Esterházy (14 April 1950 – 14 July 2016) was a Hungarian writer. He was born in Budapest. He was one of the most widely known contemporary Hungarian and Central European writers. He has been called a "leading figure of 20th century Hungarian literature" and his books are thought to be significant contributions to postwar literature.

Esterházy died of pancreatic cancer in Budapest on 14 July 2016, aged 66.

Rappahannock River

The Rappahannock River is a river in eastern Virginia, in the United States. It is about in length. It crosses the entire northern part of the state, from the Blue Ridge Mountains in the west, across the Piedmont, to the Chesapeake Bay, south of the Potomac River. The river drains an area of which is about 6% of Virginia. Much of the watershed is rural and forested. But it has experienced increased development in recent decades because it is so close to the Washington, D.C. suburbs. 
It was an important river in American history. The Rappahannock was the site of early settlements in the Virginia Colony. Later, it was at the center of Eastern Theater of the American Civil War. It was a significant obstacle to north-south movements via land. As a result it functioned as the war's eastern-theatre boundary, between the "North" (the Union) and the "South" (the Confederate States of America).

The name of the river comes from an Algonquian word, "lappihanne" (also recorded as "toppehannock"), meaning "river of quick, rising water" or "where the tide ebbs and flows," the name used by the local native population, the Rappahannock tribe.

Although there had been a few small hamlets along the lower Rappahannock during early colonial times, the settlement of the Rappahannock River valley began in earnest during the first years of the 18th century, at the urging of Governor Alexander Spotswood. The James River had been surveyed up to its fall line, the point where, geologically, continental bedrock of the Piedmont meets the sedimentary rocks and alluvial soils of the coastal plain. Spotswood encouraged settlement in a river valley other than that of the James. In 1714, he began seeking immigrants from the Rhineland-Palatinate and Switzerland to homestead on lands he controlled near where the Rappahannock and the Rapidan came together. Known as the Germanna settlement(s), these villages were founded in order to exploit the iron ore deposits of the region.

The Battle of Rappahannock River was fought on the river during the War of 1812. Seventeen British boats filled with hundreds of marines and sailors captured four American privateers.
During the American Civil War, the river, with few convenient fords and fewer bridges, provided a barrier and defensive line. Behind this line troops had little fear of attack from the river-side. It was an especially difficult barrier for Union troops to overcome in their attempts to thrust into southern Virginia. Control of the river changed hands many times during the course of the war. Significant battles fought along the river include the Battle of Fredericksburg and the Battle of Rappahannock Station. The defensive line at the river was finally bypassed by Ulysses S. Grant in the Wilderness (or Overland) Campaign of 1864, ending in the ultimate Union victory.

In some 18th- and 19th-century documents, including some Civil War records, the Rappahannock River was referred to as "Hedgeman's River" A 1736-1737 survey labeled the Rappahannock above the mouth of the Rapidan as "Cannon", and further upstream it was identified as "Hedgeman's River," named after Nathaniel Hedgeman, an early settler of the region.

The Rappahannock River rises at Chester Gap, a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains a few miles southeast of Front Royal, Virginia. It flows southeastward before it is joined by the Rapidan River, its largest tributary, from the right. Then the Rappahannock passes through the city of Fredericksburg. Southeast of Fredericksburg, it begins to slow and widen into a brackish tidal estuary approximately long. It passes two small, but historic, river towns, Port Royal and Port Conway, which sit opposite each other. The former is on the south bank, the latter on the north. Then it flows past Tappahannock on its southern bank, a point where the river is well over a mile wide. The last settlements of any size before reaching the Chesapeake Bay are Irvington, Urbanna, Stingray Point, and White Stone Beach. The broad river enters the Chesapeake Bay approximately south of the mouth of the Potomac River and approximately east of the state capital, Richmond. At the point where the river enters the bay, between Windmill Point, on the north, and Stingray Point, on the south, it is more than wide. This area, the estuary south of the Northern Neck peninsula, is a productive oyster and crab fishery.

Above Fredericksburg, the Rappahannock provides fine opportunities for recreational canoeing and kayaking. Most of the rapids are Class I and Class II in difficulty, but, near Remington, there are some rapids that are considered to be Class III. The rivers watershed is protected in various places by parcels of the Rappahannock River Valley National Wildlife Refuge.


Dronne

The Dronne () is a river in southwestern France, right tributary of the Isle river. It flows through the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.

Its name appears, in an old form, in two "communes" of the Dordogne departmentː Saint-Méard-de-Drône and Saint-Pardoux-de-Drône. Its modern name appears in three "communes"ː Aubeterre-sur-Dronne, Saint-Méard-de-Drône, Saint-Pardoux-de-Drône.

The Dronne river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Dronne starts in the Massif Central, in the "commune" of Bussière-Galant, Creuse department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It starts in the "Parc naturel régional Périgord Limousin" at an altitude of about .

It flows to the southwest and, finally, the river flows into at Coutras, in the Gironde department, at an altitude of about .

The Dronne flows through 5 departments and 52 "communes", all in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region; the main "communes" areː

The main tributaries of the Charente river are:


Michael J. Elliott

Michael J. Elliott, OBE (31 May 1951 – 14 July 2016) was a British journalist and executive. He was the president and chief executive officer of the anti-poverty advocacy organization ONE. He was awarded an OBE in 2003 for services to journalism. 

Elliott previously held senior executive positions at "Time" magazine, "Newsweek", and "The Economist."

Elliott died on 14 July 2016 in Washington, D.C. from bladder cancer, aged 65.

Gary S. Paxton

Gary Sanford Paxton (Larry Wayne Stevens; May 18, 1939 – July 16, 2016) was an American record producer, recording artist, and Grammy and Dove Award winning songwriter. 

Paxton was a member of the Skip & Flip and The Hollywood Argyles and was the producer of two number one Billboard Hot 100 singles: "Alley Oop for The Hollywood Argyles in 1960 and "Monster Mash" for Bobby "Boris" Pickett in 1962.

Paxton died on July 16, 2016 in Branson, Missouri from complications of hepatitis C, aged 77.

Abu Omar al-Shishani

Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili (; 11 February 1986 – presumedly dead in July 2016), known by his nom de guerre Abu Omar al-Shishani (, "Abū ‘Umar ash-Shīshānī", "Abu Omar the Chechen") or Omar al-Shishani, was a Georgian Kist jihadist. He served as a commander for the Islamic State in Syria, and previously as a sergeant in the Georgian Army. In 2013, Batirashvili joined the Islamic State and rapidly became a senior commander in the organization, directing a series of battles and ultimately earning a seat on ISIS's shura council.

U.S. officials reported that Batirashvili died from injuries several days after being the target of a 4 March 2016 U.S. airstrike, near the Al-Shaddadah district in Northern Syria, however, the Islamic State denied these claims and its Amaq News Agency confirmed that Shishani was killed in July 2016 during fighting in the Iraqi city of Shirqat, south of Mosul, Iraq.

Carolyn See

Carolyn See (born Caroline Laws; January 13, 1934 – July 13, 2016) was an American educator and critic. She was the professor emerita of English at the University of California, Los Angeles.

See was the author of ten books, including the memoir, "Dreaming: Hard Luck and Good Times in America", an advice book on writing, "Making a Literary Life", and the novels "There Will Never Be Another You, Golden Days," and "The Handyman." She was also a book critic for the Washington Post for 27 years.

See died on July 13, 2016 in Santa Monica, California from cancer, aged 82.

Hollis L. Harris

Hollis Loyd Harris (November 25, 1931 – July 14, 2016) was an American businessman. He served as President and COO of Delta Air Lines (1987-1990) and Chairman, President, and CEO of Continental Airlines (1990-1991), Air Canada (1992-1996), and World Airways (1999-2004).

In 1997, Harris and Steve Wolf signed a strategic agreement between Air Canada and United Airlines, producing what is now the Star Alliance, which grew to become the world's largest global airline alliance.

Harris died at the age of 84 on July 14, 2016 in Peachtree City, Georgia.

Héctor Babenco

Héctor Eduardo Babenco (February 7, 1946 – July 13, 2016) was an Argentine-born Brazilian movie director, screenwriter, producer and actor. He worked in several countries including Argentina, Brazil and the United States. 

His best known movies are "Pixote" (1980), "Kiss of the Spider Woman" (1985), "Ironweed" (1987), "At Play in the Fields of the Lord" (1990) and "Carandiru" (2003).

Babenco died on July 13, 2016 from a heart attack in São Paulo, Brazil, aged 70.

Robert Ross (Royal Marines officer)

Major Robert Ross (c.17409 June 1794) was the officer in charge of the marines sent with the First Fleet to start a convict settlement in Australia. He later became the Lieutenant-Governor of Norfolk Island.

Ross was born in Scotland, and joined the marines in June 1756. He fought at the siege of Louisburg and the capture of Quebec during the Seven Years' War (1756–63). Promoted to captain, he saw action at Bunker Hill in June 1775 during the American War of Independence. He was on in August 1779 when it was captured and he was taken prisoner by the French.

In 1786 he joined the new New South Wales Marine Corps. He was made its commander with the brevet rank of major. He sailed to New South Wales on , but changed to "Scarborough" during the voyage. His eight-year-old son went with him to Australia.

Ross did not agree with the governor Arthur Phillip and other officers. David Collins had an “inexpressible hatred” for him. Ralph Clark said he was “without exception the most disagreeable commanding officer I ever knew”. He would not let the marines be used to guard or supervise the convicts. He would not let marine officers to sit as members of the criminal court. His own officers did not agree with his decisions. He believed the marines' task was to protect the settlement, and wanted Phillip to build defensive fortifications. He tried to embarrass and stop Phillip from carrying out his ideas to build a settlement. His actions made Phillip's task of starting a new colony more difficult.

Phillip sent Ross to Norfolk Island in March 1790, probably to get him away from Sydney. The ship taking him to Norfolk Island, the "Sirius", was wrecked, and its crew were stranded on the island, Ross proclaimed martial law for four months. He forced the convicts to work harder to clear more land so that they could grow most of their own food. They hated him because of the additional heavy work. He continued to argue with his officers, and Phillip was forced to remove him from the island. He came back to Sydney in December 1791.

Back in Sydney Ross argued and then fought a duel with an officer of the newly arrived New South Wales Corps. On 18 December he, and most of the marines, went back to England on "HMS Gorgon".

Ross did not like living in the colony and did not believe it would succeed. He said that “in the whole world there is not a worse country than what we have yet seen of this...it may with truth be said, here Nature is reversed." He said that “every person … who came out with a desire for remaining … are now most earnestly wishing to get away from it.”

Back in England, Ross was not able to keep his rank of major. He was made a captain-lieutenant and removed from active command. From 1792 to 1794 he served as Marines recruitment officer at St Albans. He died on 9 June 1794.

Historian Mollie Gillen said Ross could be admired as a man who always did what he believed was right, but was also “narrow minded, censorious, self-important and almost totally humourless”.

Ross is a character in the Timberlake Wertenbaker play, "Our Country's Good". He is the main villain, showing extremely cruel treatment of the convicts.

Ross is also a bad person in Jimmy McGovern's TV series "Banished", played by Joseph Millson.


Quota

A quota is a number that says how much or how many of something or someone is allowed or required. It comes from a Latin language word meaning "How many?" Examples include: 

The Intern (2015 movie)

The Intern is a 2015 American comedy movie co-produced, written, and directed by Nancy Meyers. The movie stars Robert De Niro, Anne Hathaway, Rene Russo, Anders Holm, Andrew Rannells, Adam DeVine, Christina Scherer, and Zack Pearlman. The movie was released on September 25, 2015 by Warner Bros.

Manuel G. Batshaw

Manuel Gilman Batshaw, (17 April 1915 – 18 July 2016) was a Canadian social worker. Batshaw was born in Montreal. He was best known for being the founder of Batshaw Youth and Family Centres. He spent more than 50 years in the field of social work in Quebec. 

In the 1970s, he was active in helping Vietnamese boat people refugees. In 1975, he was in charge of an inquiry into abuses at institutions housing troubled young people, and the Batshaw Committee submitted a report. In 1993, five institutions were merged and were named the Batshaw Youth and Family Centres in his honour.

He received an honorary degree from McGill University in 1998 and the National Order of Quebec in 2003, as well as the Order of Canada.

XOXO

XOXO is the first studio album of the boy band Chinese-South Korean EXO, released on June 3, 2013 by the label S.M. Entertainment. The album is the follow-up to the EP debut of EXO, "MAMA" (2012). Like all the music from the group, the album was released in two versions - "Kiss" is the Korean edition and "Hug" is the Chinese edition.

Two main singles were released from "XOXO": "Wolf" and "Growl", with the latter being the first single from the album of the repackaged version released on August 5, 2013. Both singles went to the list in the top 10 of Gaon Singles Chart, and "Growl" was at number three in "Billboard" Korea K-Pop Hot 100. The album won "Álbum of the Year" in 2013 Mnet Asian Music Awards and sold about a million copies, becoming the best-selling album in Korea since 2001.

The single main album "The Wolf and the Beauty" known in English as simply "Wolf", was composed by Will Simms, Nermin Harambasic by Dsign Music and composer of S.M. Entertainment Kenzie. Kenzie has of the letter for the version Korean of the song while Zhou Weijie wrote the letter for the version in Chinese mandarin, "狼与美女". Yoo Young-jin provides the vocals. The song dance was choreographed by Tony Testa. In various programs such as "After School Club" of Arirang, members explain that the dance has 3 elements: trees and forests, caves and the Wolf itself. The member Kris revealed that it took about 3 to 4 months to learn the choreography, because of their level of difficulty. A demo version of the song was leaked in February 2013, in response to producer Ryan Jhun later gave a warning to those who download illegally on May 29, 2013: "I'm going to inform of this to the FBI and the Department of service for all those links."

Several tracks in "development" were produced and recorded in 2011 before the official debut of EXO in the entertainment industry, but he never did in his first EP "MAMA". Some of these tracks were included on album "XOXO", including "Black Pearl" and "My Lady". In July 2013, a repackaged version of "XOXO", was renowned as a "으르렁" ("Growl") was developed with three tracks additional. Composed by Hyuk Shin (Joombas), DK, Jordan Kyle, John Major, and Jarah Gibson, "Growl" is dance-pop genre with R&B and funk. The single was leaked prematurely online July 27, when a video of the group practiced for the Korean version of the song was uploaded to several sites

On May 30, 2013, the Korean and Chinese versions of the music video of "Wolf" were released, EXO sings the song for the first time in "M! Countdown" of Mnet. Both versions of the song were released to their download on June 3, 2013 and on the same day, two physical formats of the album "XOXO" were also released in South Korea: "Kiss" Korean edition and "Hug" in Mandarin edition. After a performance in "Inkigayo" of SBS on June 3, 2013, EXO visited and thanked 2,000 fansho had been waiting in a nearby park to meet them. The premiere of the Mandarin version of the song was broadcast on a popular Chinese variety show "Happy Camp" in mid-June.
The album reached more than 300,000 collective order and reached number one on the Billboard Albums Chart a week after the release. From December 2013, the Korean and Chinese versions of the album as well as their respective versions of repackaging, have collectively sold more than 1,070,000 copies, making it the best-selling album of the year in the industry of K-pop. With over 1 million copies sold, "XOXO " also the best selling album in twelve years Korea became.

XOXO

"Growl" (Repackage)

Exology Chapter 1: The Lost Planet

Exology Chapter 1: The Lost Planet (stylized as EXOLOGY CHAPTER 1: THE LOST PLANET) is the first live album by South Korean boy band EXO. It was released on December 22, 2014 by S.M. Entertainment. It has 2 CDs and a total of 36 songs (1 CD and 18 songs), including individual tracks from each of the members and studio versions of some of his songs remixed (remix Korean and Mandarin/ Mandarin and Korean). The album was released in two versions: a normal version and a special version.

Ex'Act

Ex'Act (stylized as EX'ACT) is the third studio album of the Chinese-South Korean boy band EXO. The album was released in Korean and Chinese by S.M. Entertainment on June 9, 2016.

On May 31, 2016, EXO announces it will release their third studio album. On June 2, it was revealed that the album title would be "Ex'Act" and EXO would be promoting two singles, "Lucky One" and "Monster" with different visual concepts that correspond to the two versions of physical packaging for the album.

On June 7, 2016, it was revealed that producers of notable music including Kenzie, The Stereotypes and Dem Jointz participated in the production of the album, and the member of EXO, Chanyeol, co-wrote the letter song "Heaven". "Ex'Act" and two music videos of "Lucky One" and "Monster" was released on June 9.

A promotional showcase for "Ex'Act", was held at the Olympic Park in Seoul on June 8, 2016. EXO began performing the album's singles music programs in South Korea on June 9.

Before its release, "Ex'Act" received a record as the most pre-sold more than 660,000 physical copies album. Three days after its release, the album became the album fastest selling recorded by the sales list Hanteo more than 450,000 physical copies sold, breaking the record previously held by EXO himself as his fourth EP "Sing for You". 
In YouTube, "Monster" became the second video of K-pop more seen for 24 hours, achieving 4.52 million views after "Gentleman" of PSY. He also became a music video of K-pop boyband most watched, beating "Loser" of Big Bang.

List of awards and nominations received by Exo

This is a list of awards and nominations received by EXO, a Chinese-South Korean boy band formed in 2011 by S.M. Entertainment. The group was divided into two subgroups, EXO-K ("K" Korean in English) by South Korea and EXO-M ("M" Mandarin) by China. EXO has received a total of 142 awards and was nominated for 216 awards. They have also won 104 awards of Korean music programs and 2 Chinese, making them the Korean artist with the highest number of victories in programs. On June 14, 2013, one year after its official debut, the band received their first number-one in the "Music Bank" with the single "Wolf."

"The Show" () is a South Korean music program aired by SBS MTV. EXO won twice on "The Show" with "Call Me Baby" and "Love Me Right".
"Show Champion" is a South Korean music program aired by MBC Music. EXO has won 17 times (one with EXO-K) as of 2017, including three songs achieving "Triple Crown" awards, "Growl", "Call Me Baby" and "Love Me Right".
"M! Countdown" is a South Korean music program broadcast by Mnet. EXO has won 21 times (2 times with EXO-K) as of 2017, including five songs achieving "Triple Crown" awards; "Growl", "Miracles in December", "Call Me Baby", "Monster", and "Ko Ko Bop".
CCTV's Global Chinese Music is a Chinese music show.

Thrombus

A thrombus, or blood clot stops bleeding. It keeps blood inside a damaged blood vessel, and stops the hemorrhage.

A blood clot is the final product of the coagulation. There are aggregated platelets and red blood cells. Together with fibrin they form a plug, and stop the bleeding.

The substance making up a thrombus is sometimes called cruor. 

A thrombus is a healthy response to injury to prevent bleeding, but can be harmful in thrombosis, when clots block blood flow through otherwise normal blood vessels.

Mud March

The Mud March (January 20, 1863 – January 23, 1863) was an attempt by Union Army Major General Ambrose Burnside to attack Lee's Confederate Army of Northern Virginia. After the disastrous defeat of the Army of the Potomac at the Battle of Fredericksburg, Burnside was anxious to redeem himself. He planned for his Army to make a winter march across the Rappahannock River on December 30, 1862. But he had not informed President Abraham Lincoln of his plan. Lincoln called him back. Three weeks passed and this time, with Lincoln's implied approval, the army marched southward. However, winter rains made the roads nearly impassable. After four days the attempt ended in failure.

On December 15, 1862, Burnside's Union army withdrew from the Battle of Fredericksburg back to Falmouth, Virginia. It was a defeat for Burnside and a win for Lee. Lee suffered 5,300 casualties defending Fredericksburg. Union losses were more than twice as many. In total Burnside lost about 12,600 Union soldiers; killed, wounded, or missing. Morale in the Union army was very low that winter. There was political pressure from Washington to continue the “On to Richmond” offensive that had failed up to that point in time. The Northern newspapers reported that 75,000 Confederate soldiers from Lee's army had been sent to reinforce the North Carolina coast. Burnside wanted to move against Lee while the Army of Northern Virginia was weakened. He personally scouted the area above Falmouth for the best place for his army to cross the Rappahannock. As late as January 15, he was still looking at places to cross. Confederate sharpshooters reported seeing Burnside near Banks ford and wondered what the General was up to. Finally, Burnside decided on Banks ford and U.S. ford. He sent troops to Muddy ford to draw attention away from his planned crossing points. On the morning of January 20 the army began to move.

Burnside gave the order which read in part: "the great and auspicious moment has arrived to strike a great and mortal blow to the rebellion, and to gain that decisive victory which is due to the country." At dawn on January 21, the plan called for five pontoon bridges to be assembled at the river's edge allowing two "grand divisions" (two corps each) to cross the river in four hours. The night before, it began raining. By the morning of the 21st, the roads were rapidly becoming too muddy to use. The five pontoons and 150 supporting pieces of artillery that were supposed to be in place had not arrived. The pontoons that did manage to arrive were not enough to make even one bridge. Double and triple teams of horses were hitched to each pontoon wagon. In some cases 150 soldiers would try to help the horses move one boat. They could only move a few feet before horses and men were exhausted.

The rain turned out to be a Nor'easter that caused very heavy rainfall for two days. Men and wagons were stuck in knee-deep mud. Burnside kept pushing his troops to move forward but even soldiers carrying only their haversack and rifle were soon exhausted. By this time Burnside had lost the advantage of surprise. This allowed Lee time to strengthen his lines. He also positioned sharpshooters to harass the Union soldiers that did manage to arrive across the river. In addition, Confederate soldiers jeered and made fun of Burnside's failure. They put up signs saying "This way to Richmond" and "Burnside's Army Stuck in the Mud"! 

The road down to the river was in complete chaos. Wagons, artillery and men clogged the road being unable to move. Some mules and horses dropped dead in the road, completely exhausted after being driven to pull a load they could not move. After three days of this, Burnside decided to help raise morale by issuing whiskey to his troops. This turned out to be another bad idea. Soldiers got drunk and started fighting with each other. At times entire regiments were engaged in fistfighting. By the fourth day, January 23rd, Burnside realized he could not get cross the Rappahannock. He finally cancelled the order.

Just before moving his army south in January, Burnside had offered his resignation to Lincoln. President Lincoln declined, and Burnside, apparently satisfied he had Lincoln's approval, went back to his command. After the failure of the Mud March, there was good deal of criticism by some of Burnside's highest officers. Burnside then had Order Number 8 drawn up along with his resignation. He then went to Washington. In a meeting on January 24, Burnside told Lincoln he either had to approve the order or accept his resignation. The President did not accept the order and instead of having Burnside resign, he had him take a leave of absence.

Burnside's Order No. 8 directed the dismissal of Generals Joseph Hooker, John Newton, William T. H. Brooks and John Cochrane. It also relieved Generals William B. Franklin, William Farrar Smith, Samuel D. Sturgis and others, from their duties.

On January 25, 1863, President Lincoln issued General Order No. 20. It relieved General Burnside of command of the Army of the Potomac. It relieved General Edwin Vose Sumner of his command; at his own request. It next relieved General Franklin of his command. Lastly, it assigned General Joseph Hooker to command the Army of the Potomac. In a White House gathering that evening, a friend of Burnside's, Henry J. Raymond, a New York politician, got Lincoln's attention and told the President that Joseph Hooker was unfit to command the Army. He told Lincoln there were many things going on in the Army of the Potomac that the President was not aware of. He then talked about General Hooker's near-treasonable comments. Lincoln leaned over and placing his hand on Raymond's shoulder said quietly: “This is all true, Hooker does talk badly; but the trouble is stronger with the country to-day than any other man.” Raymond then asked what the country would think of this if they knew. Lincoln said “The country would not believe it; they would say it is all a lie.” The Army of the Potomac, now under Hooker, would meet the Army of Northern Virginia again in the spring at the Battle of Chancellorsville.


Political prisoner

A political prisoner is a person imprisoned for political activities, or because they oppose or criticize the government in their country.

In October 2012, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) passed a resolution to define "political prisoner". A person in prison is a "political prisoner:

Matlyuba Kamilova

Matlyuba Kamilova or Matluba Kamilova is an Uzbeck human rights activist and school principal. In 2016, Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., named her one of twenty women political prisoners in the Free the 20 campaign.

Kamilova spoke out about police corruption. In September 2010, she was arrested and charged with possession of drugs. She is still in prison.

Kamillova is a lawyer. She was the director of a technical college in Angren, Tashkent province. Kamilova was born in 1960.

Kamilova worked against corruption and helped people work for their rights. Because of Kamilova, two corruption cases were started against local government officials.

On September 6, 2010, police stopped Kamilova in her car. Kamilova’s 21-year-old son, Shohruhon, was also in the car. The police told Shohruhon they found heroin in the car. The police beat Kamilova and her son, and took them to jail. In jail, they made Kavilova listen to the screams of prisoners being beaten, because they wanted her to confess. At the trial, the police did not agree about where they found the drugs. An activist at the trial said the police put drugs on Kamilova. Drug convictions and planting drugs on human rights activists are routine in Uzbekistan.

A court sentenced Kamilova to eleven years in prison. Because it is a drug charge, she cannot get an appeal. No one knows where she is.

David Farragut

David Glasgow Farragut (July 5, 1801 in Knoxville, Tennessee - August 14, 1870 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire) was an American officer of the United States Navy during the American Civil War. He was the first rear admiral, vice admiral, and admiral in the United States Navy. He commanded the naval forces of the Union Navy in the Battle of Mobile Bay.

David Farragut was the son of George Farragut, a naval officer during the American Revolutionary War.

Graeae

The Graeae, sometimes called the Grey Sisters, are characters from Greek mythology. They are a trio of hags, called Deino, Enyo and Pemphredo. They are called the Grey Sisters because they were born with grey skin and hair. They also share one tooth and one eye. They take turns using the tooth and eye. The Graeae are affiliated with the gorgons. The hero Perseus made them say where Medusa was by taking their eye. Perseus said he would not give the eye back until the Grey Sisters told him where Medusa was. 

Mymensingh Division

Mymensingh Division is an administrative division of Bangladesh. The division has an area of 10,485 km², and a population of 11,370,000.

The division of Mymensingh is next to the Indian state of Meghalaya to the north, Dhaka Division on the south, Sylhet Division to the east, Rangpur and Rajshahi Division to the west.

Demonstration (military)

In military terminology, a demonstration is an attack or show of force on a battlefield designed to trick or mislead an enemy. Unlike a feint, a demonstration does not make contact with the enemy. It is usually used as a supporting attack intended to deceive an enemy into thinking the demonstration is the main attack.

An example of a demonstration in the American Civil War was at the Battle of Gettysburg. On July 2, 1863, General Robert E. Lee ordered Lieutenant General Richard S. Ewell to stage a demonstration against Culp's Hill on the Union right flank. This was in support of Lieutenant General James Longstreet's main attack against the Union left flank.

The advantages of a demonstration include:

Disadvantages include:


Battle of Falling Waters

The Battle of Falling Waters (July 6, 1863 – July 16, 1863), also called the Battle of Williamsport and the Battle of Hagerstown, was fought as part of the Gettysburg Campaign during the American Civil War. It was an inconclusive battle in that it did not end in a clear victory for either side. Having been defeated at the Battle of Gettysburg, General Robert E. Lee's army retreated along the Fairfield Road toward Hagerstown and Williamsport, Maryland. Blocked from escaping into Virginia by the flooded Potomac River, Lee's forces created a defensive line with their backs to the river. The Union army was cautiously following Lee and arrived in the area beginning on July 12. There were a number of skirmishes and heavy fighting on July 13. That evening the river was low enough and Lee's army began crossing into Virginia. On July 14, Union cavalry attacked the Confederate rearguard taking about 700 prisoners.

By late 1862, Virginia was running out of food to feed its army. Lee's horses were dying of disease because they had little or no fodder. The cavalry and artillery units had to be widely scattered behind his lines in order to find food for the horses. In the winter of 1863, food trains from the south were becoming more and more scarce. His men were living on rations of one-quarter pound of salted meat per day. Confederate President Jefferson Davis and his Secretary of War James Seddon wanted to send detachments from Lee's army to other more successful war fronts. Lee was opposed to the idea. Because of increased activity by the Union Army of the Potomac recently, he could not afford to weaken his army any further.

In June 1863, Lee launched his most ambitious plan of the war. He and his Army of Northern Virginia invaded the North for a second time. His first invasion ended at the Battle of Antietam in September 1862. This time he wanted to take the war out of Virginia and bring it into the Northern states. Virginia had been ravaged by war and Lee's army could no longer find food and supplies. He also wanted to defeat the Army of the Potomac on its own soil. This would demoralize the North and possibly bring an end to the war. However, his defeat at the Battle of Gettysburg ended heavy losses. The south lost 22,198 soldiers (killed, wounded, captured or missing). Lee took what supplies his army had taken from the Pennsylvania countryside and turned south for the safety of Virginia.

On July 4, 1863, following three days of battle at Gettysburg, the two armies watched each other from opposing ridges. The Union commander, General George G. Meade, sent out skirmishers to probe the Confederate lines. But no order was given to attack. Meade knew the Confederates would be hard to dislodge from a defensive position. The Confederate army would probably have welcomed an attack so as to repay their terrible losses they suffered the day before. But Lee's main concern was getting his army and their captured supplies back to Virginia. Lee knew it was extremely dangerous to retreat in front of an enemy army. Lee gave detailed instructions on how the retreat would be accomplished. The Confederate Army of Northern Virginia was to hold its position on Seminary Ridge all day on July 4th. The more than 10,000 wounded men would be moved by wagon train to Williamsport and cross the Potomac to Virginia.

Confederate General John D. Imboden's cavalry brigade arrived at Gettysburg on July 3, too late to take part in the battle. Because his cavalry unit was fresh, Lee assigned Imboden the task of escorting and protecting the wagon train of wounded soldiers back to Virginia. Under cover of a heavy rainstorm, Imboden's 2,100 cavalrymen and 23 cannon left the battlefield the afternoon of July 4th. They escorted the long train of wagons and ambulances with the wounded and foodstores over the muddy roads to Williamsport. During the trip the wagon train was attacked by small units of Union cavalry several times. When he arrived at Williamsport on the afternoon of the 5th, he found the Potomac was flooded and could not be crossed. The rest of Lee's army followed on the night of July 4-5, screened by J.E.B. Stuart's Confederate cavalry. The next day, on discovering the Confederates had left the battlefield, the Union army cautiously followed.

Imboden, learning that a 3,000 strong Union cavalry was approaching, formed a semicircle to defend the town. He managed to fend them off until nightfall when a brigade of Confederate cavalry arrived to drive them off. By July 11, most of Lee's infantry had reached Williamsport. He strengthened the defenses and waited for the Potomac river to go down so they could cross. Meade’s army reached Williamsport on the 12th and began probing the Confederate defenses. The Potomac finally was low enough to cross on July 13. A pontoon bridge had been constructed by Confederate engineers about downstream at Falling Waters. At both locations the Confederate army began crossing the river that evening.

The last of Lee's forces to cross the Potomac was his rearguard. This was a force of about 3,000 men commanded by Major General Henry Heth. They took their positions on the ridge behind Falling Waters after marching all night. On the morning of July 14, Meade was surprised to learn Lee had withdrawn most of his army across the Potomac. He immediately ordered two companies of Michigan cavalry under the command of a newly promoted General George Armstrong Custer to attack. The cavalry charged up the ridge to attack Heth's Confederates but were cut to pieces. Custer dismounted his cavalry and proceeded to fight on foot. At first the Confederate casualties were light. But in heavy fighting Confederate General J. Johnston Pettigrew, who commanded a North Carolina brigade under Heth, was mortally wounded. Additional Union forces arrived and in over two hours of fighting, over 500 Confederates were captured. Heth's men, carrying the wounded Pettigrew, withdrew over the river ending the battle. The Battle of Falling Waters was the last battle in the Gettysburg Campaign.

Major General Hugh Judson Kilpatrick, Custer's commanding officer, sent only two companies of cavalry against the two brigades of Confederates at Falling Waters. It was a lost opportunity and he did not wait for more units to arrive. To cover up his mistake, he claimed that his division took more than 1,500 prisoners. In an unusual move, Lee refuted this claim in the Northern newspapers. A correspondent for the New York Times gave yet another account: "The charge made upon the earthworks was one of the most gallant on record -- a squadron of fifty-seven men charging upon three or four brigades behind earthworks, killing one Major-General, (Pettigrew,) capturing more than 1,000 prisoners, and strewing the field with the killed and wounded of the enemy."

The Civil War Trust (a division of the American Battlefield Trust) and its partners have acquired and preserved four acres of the Falling Waters Battlefield.


Rasha Sharbaji

Rasha Sharbaji, also Shurbaji or Chorbaji, (Arabic: رشا شربجي) (born 1982 in Darayya, Syria) is a Syrian mother. When Sharbaji went to get a passport, she was arrested with her children, to put pressure on her husband. Sharbaji's husband died in 2014.

In 2016, Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., named Sharbaji one of twenty women political prisoners in the Free the 20 campaign.

Sharbaji was born in 1982. She is from the town of Darayya, a suburb of Damascus in Rif Dimashq governorate.

On May 22, 2014, Sharbaji went to the immigration and passport center in Damascus to get a passport. When she tried to get a passport, she was arrested with her children. She was arrested because her husband was against the government during the revolution.

Sharbaji was pregnant with twins. They wanted to arrest her husband, Osama Abbar, so they put Sharbaji in prison. They took Sharbaji's children and put them in SOS Village, an orphanage in Qodsaya. They did not let the family see the children. The Syrian police took Sharbaji to the political security branch in Damascus. Then they took Sharbaji to the Air Force Intelligence prison at al-Mezze military airport in Damascus.

Sharbaji's husband Osama died in October 2014. He drowned in the Mediterranean Sea while trying to migrate to Europe.

The Human Rights and Democracy Office in the US State Department asked Noor al-Khatib, from the Syrian Network for Human Rights for important cases of detention. The Syrian Network for Human Rights nominated Sharbaji, and also the cases of Dr. Rania Abbasi and Dr Faten Rajab for the FreeThe20 campaign. The State Department chose Sharbaji.

Sharbaji was freed in February 8, 2017, in an exchange of prisoners. The exchange took place outside of Hama, Syria. Forty-five pro-government prisoners made up of women and children were exchanged for 55 women and children that oppose the government. The opposition kidnapped the women as a bargaining chip to bring back their own women.

According to a February 2017 interview with Sharbaji in Syria Direct, Shabaji's husband worked with the opposition as a weapons trader, smuggling weapons to rebel areas. He was a member of the Darayya-based rebel group Liwaa Shuhadaa al-Islam, and helped the rebels move the injured to Lebanon and deliver humanitarian relief supplies.

Elizabeth Morgan case

The Elizabeth Morgan case was a local and international child custody contest between Elizabeth Morgan and Eric Foretich over their daughter, Hilary Antonia Foretich. It lasted from 1983 to 1997. The custody contest took place in Washington D.C. and later in Christchurch, New Zealand. It cost the parties over $4 million in legal fees. The trials created more than 4,000 pages of transcripts. Over 1,000 news, magazine and legal articles about the case were published.

Hilary Antonia Foretich (born 1982), later known as Ellen Morgan, was at the center of this well-publicized international custody case. 

Elizabeth Morgan had alleged that Foretich had sexually abused their daughter, an accusation that he has denied and which has never been proven in court.

In 1987, Hilary's maternal grandparents took her to New Zealand, defying a court order that Hilary have unsupervised visitation with her father, Eric Foretich. Her mother, plastic surgeon Elizabeth Morgan, spent 25 months in detention from 1987 to 1989 for contempt of court in Washington, D.C., for refusing to reveal Hilary's whereabouts.

Morgan was Foretich's third wife. Foretich's second wife had also accused him of sexual abuse of their daughter, Heather (born 1980). Foretich denied those charges, and has repeatedly said the two women have acted in collusion.

Rep. Frank Wolf introduced the bill that became the "District of Columbia Civil Contempt Imprisonment Limitation Act" in 1989. Elizabeth Morgan was freed after 759 days by an Act of Congress, the District of Columbia Civil Contempt Imprisonment Limitation Act, in 1989 and joined her daughter and parents in New Zealand.

In 1992, the story of the case was made into a television film in 1992, and released as "A Mother's Right: The Elizabeth Morgan Story"; Foretich sued ABC, who paid Foretich a settlement related to how Foretich was portrayed in the film.

Foretich searched for and found "Ellen" in Christchurch, New Zealand. He traveled there and attempted to gain some custody of his daughter but the courts there maintained the status quo and Foretich claimed that he could financially no longer afford to pursue the matter.

In 1996, Congress passed the other act, the Elizabeth Morgan Act, which permitted Hilary, who by then called herself Ellen Morgan, to decide whether or not to see her father. Wolf again involved himself in the case when he supported the bill that became the bill that became the Elizabeth Morgan Act.

The 14-year-old "Ellen" returned with her mother to the United States, but declined to see her father. Foretich sued in 1997, and the law was overturned as a bill of attainder by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in 2003, but had no practical effect on Hilary, who was by then 21 and could choose for herself whether or not to see her father. Hilary Foretich, who had gone by the assumed name Ellen Morgan while in New Zealand, started calling herself Elena Mitrano, the surname her maternal grandfather had before he changed it.


Frankfurt Galaxy

The Frankfurt Galaxy were a professional American football team in the NFL Europa. They are based in Frankfurt, Germany. Frankfurt Universe is the successor of the Frankfurt Galaxy.




Colobinae

The Colobinae are a subfamily of Old World monkeys. The family includes 61 species in 11 genera, including the "Colobus" monkeys, the large-nosed proboscis monkey, and the grey langurs.

Some classifications split the colobine monkeys into two tribes, while others split them into three groups. Both classifications put the three African genera "Colobus", "Piliocolobus", and "Procolobus" in one group; these genera are distinct because they have stub thumbs (Greek κολοβός "kolobós" = "docked").

The various Asian genera are placed into one or two groups. Analysis of mtDNA shows the Asian species form two distinct groups, one of langurs and the other of the "odd-nosed" species. The grey langurs are not closely related to either.

Vervet monkey

The vervet monkey ("Chlorocebus pygerythrus"), or simply vervet, is an Old World monkey of the family Cercopithecidae. It is native to Africa. The term "vervet" is also used to refer to all the members of the genus "Chlorocebus". They are found mostly throughout Southern Africa, as well as some of the eastern countries.

Vervets were introduced to the Americas, where there were originally no Old World monkeys. They are now in Florida, Texas, Alabama, Louisiana, Arizona, California, Ascension Island, Cape Verde, Barbados, Saint Kitts, Bermuda, Bahamas, Cuba, Jamaica, Haiti, Dominican Republic, and Nevis.

Vervets are mostly herbivorous monkeys. They have black faces and grey body hair color, ranging in length from about for males to about for females.

Vervet monkeys serve as a primate model for understanding genetic and social behaviors of humans. They have some human-like characteristics, such as hypertension, anxiety, and social and dependent alcohol use. Vervets live in social groups ranging from 10 to 70 individuals. Males change groups when they become sexually mature. The most significant studies done on vervet monkeys are on their their communication and alarm calls. Communication helps kin and group recognition, and alerting to predators.

Wagon train

A wagon train is a convoy or group of wagons who travel together for safety. A baggage train is a military wagon train used to carry the equipment and supplies needed by an army. They needed to carry enough supplies, including feed for the draft animals, for the entire journey. Wagon trains are most closely associated with American pioneers traveling west. As the population of the Thirteen Colonies grew, people migrated westward looking for inexpensive lands and new opportunities. The wagon had to carry all the supplies for the trip and all a family's personal belongings. While military use of wagon trains is ancient, the Romans built a network of roads for their armies and baggage trains to move throughout the empire.

D minor

D minor is a musical minor scale starting on D. Its key signature has one flat.

Its relative major is F major and its parallel major is D major.

Stephen Manley

Stephen Manley may refer to:


List of municipalities of the Province of Terni

The following is a list of the 33 communes of the Province of Terni, Umbria, in Italy.

Ballotpedia

Ballotpedia is a non-partisan online political encyclopedia. Founded in 2007, it covers American federal, state, and local politics, elections, and public policy. 

Ballotpedia is sponsored by the Lucy Burns Institute, a non-profit organization based in Middleton, Wisconsin. According to their website, the organization employed over 60 writers and researchers in 2016.

Anne Holton

Anne Bright Holton (born February 1, 1958) is an American politician and educator. She served as the Virginia Secretary of Education from 2014-2016. She is also the wife of United States Senator and former Governor Tim Kaine. She served as First Lady of Virginia from 2006 to 2010. Her father is former Virginia Governor Linwood Holton.


Karen Pence

Karen Sue Batten Pence (born January 1, 1957) is an American educator and painter. She was the second lady of the United States from 2017 to 2021 as the wife of the 48th vice president of the United States, Mike Pence. Before becoming second lady, she was the first lady of Indiana from 2013 to 2017 when her husband was governor.

Karen Sue Batten was born on January 1, 1957, at McConnell Air Force Base in Kansas to Lilian Hacker Batten and John M. Batten. She grew up in the Broad Ripple Village, Indianapolis until she graduated from high school. She attended schools such as, Bishop Chatard High School and Butler University.

Karen and Mike Pence officially got married on June 8, 1985 and the couple had three children together named Michael, Audrey, and Charlotte Pence.

Pence became the first lady of Indiana succeeding Cheri Daniels, when her husband became the 50th governor of Indiana on January 14, 2013. As first lady of the state, Pence created the Indiana First Lady’s Charitable Foundation. It's purpose is encourage and support young children and families in Indiana.

Pence became the second lady of the United States when her husband inaugurated as the 48th vice president of the United States on January 20, 2017. As second lady, Pence raised awareness by teaching the public about mental health and art therapy in the United States and around the world. 

She observed art therapy programs in the Asia Pacific region, Australia, Europe, South America, Africa, Canada, and across the United States.

Pence served as the honorary chair of the Art Therapy Initiative at Riley Hospital for Children. She also served as a board member for Tracy’s Kids, an art therapy program for young cancer patients.

In February 2017, Tracy’s Kids honored Pence with the Courage Award for her support of art therapy programs across the United States and world. Children’s National Health System also recognized her for her support of art therapy and presented the with the Hero Award in February 2017. 

In March 2017, Pence was given the Sister Cities International Diplomatic Leadership Award for her support of Sister Cities International mission. In July 2017, Sister Cities International appointed her to serve as the Honorary Vice Chairwoman for Sister Cities International.

In October 2017, Pence launched her art therapy initiative, Healing with the HeART. It's purpose was for people to understand that art therapy is a mental health profession, and not arts and crafts. 

Pence was an advocate to military service members, spouses, and their families. She has hosted and participated in many events to honor and recognize all of those in the serving in the military.

In September 2018, she launched an awareness campaign to encourage military spouses. As part of the campaign, Pence educated military spouses about the available resources and opportunities to support spouses and their families. In August 2019, the American Legion Auxiliary awarded her the Public Spirit Award.

In January 2020, Pence accepted the honor of being the Lead Ambassador of PREVENTS. Her role as lead ambassador was to help veterans and all Americans remember to check in with themselves and loved ones and to keep their mental health a priority.

Football at the 2016 Summer Olympics

The association football tournament at the 2016 Summer Olympics were held from 3 to 20 August in Brazil.

The tournament were feature both the men's and women's teams. The men's teams can only have players who were born on or after 1 January 1993, and the women's teams have no age limit.

The tournament were played in six cities: Rio de Janeiro, Belo Horizonte, Brasília, Salvador, São Paulo, and Manaus.

The top 4 teams in the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualify, the winner of the 2015 Pacific Games qualifies, the top 2 teams in the 2015 CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Championship qualify, the top 3 teams from the 2015 Africa U-23 Cup of Nations qualify, the top 3 teams from the 2016 AFC U-23 Championship qualify and the winner of the 2016 CONCACAF–CONMEBOL play-off qualifies.

The best two European teams from the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualify, the winner of the 2014 Copa América Femenina qualifies (which was Brazil but they already qualified for being hosts, so the runners-up qualified instead), the top 2 teams from the 2015 CAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament qualify, the winner of the 2016 OFC Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament qualifies, the top 2 teams from the 2016 CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Championship qualify, the top 2 teams from the 2016 AFC Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament qualify and the winner of the 2016 UEFA Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament qualifies.














Pointe-Noire

Pointe-Noire is the second largest town of the Republic of the Congo. It is in the south in Kouilou Department. As of 2007, 715,000 people lived there.

Pointe-Noire is a commune divided into six urban districts ("arrondissements"):

Bouenza Department

Boueza is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the southwest. Its capital is Madingou.

Bouenza is divided into two communes and ten districts:


Cuvette Department

Cuvette is a departement of Republic of the Congo, in the northeast. Its capital is Owando.

Cuvette is divided into one commune and ten districts:

Cuvette-Ouest Department

Cuvette-Ouest is a department of Republic of the Congo, in the northwest. Its capital is Ewo.

Cuvette-Ouest is divided into one commune and six districts:

Lékoumou Department

Lékoumou is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the south. Its capital is Sibiti.
Lékoumou is divided into four districts:

Likouala Department

Likouala is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the north. Its capital is Impfondo.

Niari Department

Niari is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the south. Its capital is Dolisie.



Plateaux Department (Republic of the Congo)

Plateaux is a departement of the Republic of the Congo, in the center. Its capital is Djambala.
Plateaux is divided into four districts:

Lego Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu

Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu is an American animated television series that focuses on the adventures of six ninja: Kai, Zane, Jay, Lloyd (as of season 2), Cole, & Nya (as of season 5). It is a spin-off based on the popular brick building toy, Lego 

The setting of the series is in the land of Ninjago. 

Season 1 focuses on the Ninja (Kai, Jay, Cole and Zane) fighting to determine whose the green Ninja (a ninja who is destined to fight the evil Lord Garmadon). Sensei Wu is struggling to maintain and teach his Ninja students. Pythor is the main villain of season 1 & his main goal is to get all the fangblades to free his master and mistress 'The Great Devourer', so he can get destroy Ninjago city. Pythor is consumed by the Devourer, and the Devourer is destroyed by evil Garmadon (who uses the golden weapons), & later on steals the Golden Weapons. Also it was revealed that Lloyd is the green ninja. And everything goes out of hand when a son has to fight his father.

Season 2 focuses on the Ninja trying to train Lloyd for the ultimate battle. The Ninja are turned into children but are turned back to normal at the price of Lloyd losing his youth and becomes older. Lord Garmadon releases the Stone Army, due to the command of the OverLord. The ultimate battle begins, but Lloyd loses. On the second round the OverLord possesses Garmadon, claiming that Ninjago was never Garmadon's but he's. Lloyd becomes the Ultimate Spinjitzu master and defeats the OverLord, restoring Ninjago back to its good, original form, and destroying all Garmadon's evil, : turning him back to normal.

Season 3 focuses on the Ninja leaving in "New Ninjago City" and striving for action. At the time the Ninja find out that the Overlord is alive, & rebuilt himself into the Digiverse. The Ninja are given the Technoblades by 'Borg' which is the weakness for the Overlord. The Overlord infects every Android machine and robot with evil, including his Nindroid army. Jay is angry and jealous when it is revealed that Cole is Nya's love match, & for the entire season Jay and Cole fight. When Lloyd is free he only has 10% of his golden power, which is divided to give the Ninja their elemental powers. The OverLord with his helper Pythor and launch Codename: Arcturus. The Nindroids go to space to get the Golden Weapons, but are privately followed by the Ninja. When they land on the asteroid, the nindroids get the Golden Weapons and fly back to Earth leaving the Ninja with a destroyed rocket ship. The Ninja use their powers to rebuild the rocket and fly back to Earth. The OverLord becomes the Golden Master, but is finally destroyed by Zane (who risks his life). 

On season 4 the Ninja are split due to Zane's sacrifice, But are reunited by Lloyd. The ninja participate in "The Tournament of Elements" hosted by Master Chen when they get the news that Zane is alive. They participate in the tournament with 12 other masters Skylor Chen, Griffin Turner , Paleman also known as Mr. Pale, Chamille, Ash, Bolobo, Gravis, Neuro, Tox, Shade also known as Shadow, Karlof & Jacob Pevsner. In the Tournament Kai falls in love with Skylor Chen, & becomes Karlof's enemy. After many battles all the masters start to realize that when someone loses Chen uses his staff of elements to suck their powers for a transformation spell, which is performed by Clouse. The spell makes everybody with the Andacondrai mark become Fake Andacondrai. The Andacondrai mark spot people include Chen himself, Clouse, Garmadon, Skylor Chen, & every other Andacondrai wannabe. The transformation was not complete, and to complete it they'll need the saliva of a true Andacondrai. When they took Pythor and complete the transformation, on the other hand, every elemental master has discovered all their elemental dragons. They fight all the Andacondrai wannabes. And the Andacondrai wannabes are sucked into the cursed realm, which leads to Garmadon sacrificing himself to be sucked into the cursed realm so he can unleash the Andacondrai spirits to curse Chen's army. At the end of season 4 Morro is accidentally freed from the Cursed Realm.

Season 5 focuses on the Ninja fighting the ghost Morro. Morro possesses Lloyd for most of the season. When Morro possesses Lloyd, the ninja lose their powers and use Aeroblades for most of the season. Morro unleashes a variety of ghost warriors & his mission is to find the realm crystal, & free his mistress, "The Preeminent" so she can curse all 16 realms exept Djinjago. On the other hand, Nya is revealed to be the Water Waves Ocean Tides Fluids Ninja, as she is being trained by Sensei Wu. The Ninja and Morro struggle as they go through journeys to master Airjitzu to get the Sword of Sanctuary, and find the Realm Crystal. At the end of Season 5, Lloyd is free and fights with Morro. At the end Nya unlocks her true potential and destroys the Preeminent, with the cost of Morro dying. 

Season 6 focuses on the Ninja being famous, but is disrupted when Clouse frees Nadakhan the Djinn. The whole season focuses on the ninja fighting Nadakhan's Sky Pirates Crew. Nadakhan's mission is to be married to Nya so he can get infinite wishes. All the Ninja are captured but except for Jay/Nya. Nadakhan gets Infinite wishes but is stopped when Jay wishes that "nobody ever found the teapot and that Nya took his hand". This destroys the timeline of Nadakhan being free & reunites Jay and Nya's relationship.

Season 7 focuses on The Ninja against The Time Twins. The Time Twins are the Elemental Wizards Sorcerers Mages Magicians and Masters of Time from long time ago, during the Anacondrai wars. Long time ago Wu and Garmadon fought with the Time Twins and banished them using the Time Blade. The Time Blade is the main weapon that the twins control. The Time Twins than return to the present to get revenge. Acronix and Acrux then team up and create the Vermilion Army. The Ninja have a tough time against the Vermilion Army. It is than revealed that Kai and Nya's parents were traitors and worked for the Time Twins. One evidence is revealed later on that Ray and Maya are the ones who created The Time Blades and revealed to be their captivities.

Season 8 focuses on Lloyd

Note: There are 128 episodes in total. 115 have aired but 15 are unreleased.
-000 production codes
Focus Ninja: Kai
000 production codes.
Focus Ninja: None
100 production codes
Focus Ninja: Lloyd
Over a year after The Overlord was destroyed, new villains have come to conquer Ninjago again, returning The Overlord back to life digitally. Focus Ninja: Zane

200 production codes
300 production codes
Focus Ninja: Kai
400 production codes
Focus Ninja: None
On July 13, 2017, Ninjago had a special called Wu's Teas with 20 shorts

500 production codes
Focus Ninja: Jay
Clouse somehow escaped the cursed realm.

600 production codes
Focus Ninja: Kai and Nya

700 production codes 
Focus Ninja: Lloyd
Focus Ninja: None
On March 16, 2018, the series has been renewed to a 10th season with 4 episodes. This is the last season with 22 minute episodes.
Focus Ninja: Lloyd

The series had a huge success and has the rating of 4.6 out of 5 and 92% out of 100%. The series plays in Cartoon Network. The series is watched by 4.7 million per day. The series is naturally named 'Lego Ninjago:Masters of Spinjitzu' but is called 'Ninjago' by fans or viewers. Ninjago:Masters of Spinjitzu is distributed by Lego and is produced by WiFilm.


The Fold

The Fold is a music rock band in Chicago, Illinois. Its genre is alternative rock. It is known for making "The Weekend Whip", which is the main theme song for . The band's vocal leader is Daniel Castady. It has 4 other members. They also released the album called 'Secrets Keep You Sick' in 2007. 

Gambler's fallacy

The term Gambler's fallacy refers to a misconception about statistics. It is also known Monte Carlo fallacy or fallacy of the maturity of chances. In statistics, a random event has a certain probability of occurring. The fallacy is that if the event has occurred more frequently in the past, it will occur less frequently in the future; or that if it has been less frequent in the past, it will be more frequent in the future.

As early as 1796, the idea of the gambler's fallacy was used to "predict" the sex of children. In his work "A Philosophical Essay on Probabilities", published in 1796, Pierre-Simon Laplace wrote of the ways in which men calculated their probability of having sons:"I have seen men [who wanted to have] a son, who could learn only with anxiety of the births of boys in the month when they expected to become fathers. Imagining that the ratio of these births to those of girls ought to be the same at the end of each month, they judged that the boys already born would render more probable the births next of girls." In short, the expectant fathers feared that if more sons were born in the surrounding community, then they themselves would be more likely to have a daughter.

Some expectant parents believe that, after having multiple children of the same sex, they are "due" to have a child of the opposite sex. While the Trivers–Willard hypothesis predicts that birth sex is dependent on living conditions (i.e. more male children are born in "good" living conditions, while more female children are born in poorer living conditions), the probability of having a child of either sex is still generally regarded as near 50%.

Repentless

Repentless is the twelfth studio album by the American thrash metal band Slayer. It was released on September 11, 2015, and is the band's first album to be released on Nuclear Blast. It is also the first Slayer album to feature guitarist Gary Holt of Exodus and the first to feature drummer Paul Bostaph since 2001's "God Hates Us All".

The album made it to #4 on the Billboard 200, which was the highest charting album from the band in the United States. It also topped the chart in Germany and was featured in the top ten of almost twenty charts around the world. It got mixed to positive reviews from critics.

Slayer where asked in 2011 if they were going to make another album, which then-Slayer drummer Dave Lombardo replied that although nothing had been written yet, there were "definitely plans". In early 2011, guitarist Jeff Hanneman became ill with necrotizing fasciitis. Some said that he got the illness from a spider bite he claimed to have received while in a friend's hot tub. When asked about a new record, bassist Tom Araya stated that any work would have to wait until Hanneman had recovered.

On February 20, 2013, it was announced that Lombardo would not take part in Slayer's Australia tour because of contractual disputes, and he would be replaced by former drummer Jon Dette. Lombardo's permanent replacement was later announced to be Paul Bostaph, who was previously the band's drummer from 1992–2001, appearing on several albums.

On May 2, 2013, Jeff Hanneman died of liver failure in a Los Angeles hospital. A week later, it was announced that he died from an alcohol-related cirrhosis. Hanneman and his family had did not know how bad his condition was until shortly before his death. Kerry King later said that he wants the band to continue, but Araya was unsure. He said that, "After 30 years, it would literally be like starting over," and told about his doubts that Slayer's fanbase would approve of such a change. In March 2015, Araya revealed that the band had recorded one song before Hanneman died, and that the song will appear on the album.

Credits came from the album's notes.


Remi Sonaiya

Oluremi Comfort Sonaiya (born March 2, 1955), is a Nigerian politician, educationist and writer.

Sonaiya is notable for being Nigeria's first female presidential candidate. She contested the position in the 2015 general election under the platform of the KOWA Party.

Sonaiya was born in Ibadan, Oyo State, South-Western Nigeria where she had her early education. She is a graduate of French from Obafemi Awolowo University, Oyo State in 1977. She also holds a Master of Arts degree in French Literature and a Ph.D in Linguistics from Cornell University, U.S.A.

In 1982, she got employed as Assistant Lecturer in the Department of Foreign Languages, Obafemi Awolowo University before she rose to the position of Professor of French language and Applied Linguistics in 2004. 

At the 2015 presidential election where she received 13,076 votes and
finished in 12th place.

David Woodard

David James Woodard (; born April 6, 1964 in Santa Barbara, California) is an American postmodern writer and conductor, and a descendant of prominent colonial families. He invented the concept and portmanteau word prequiem, which designates a musical composition to be rendered as its beneficiary lay dying.

Woodard invented a fictional psychoactive machine called the Feraliminal Lycanthropizer. At the end of the 20th century he fabricated replicas of an actual psychoactive device called the Dreamachine.

Woodard is also known for his work with Nueva Germania, a settlement in Paraguay. His German book of correspondence "Five Years", coauthored by Swiss novelist Christian Kracht, describes some of the humanitarian work performed there.


Field artillery in the American Civil War

Field artillery in the American Civil War were cannon that could be moved around the battlefield or could travel with an army unit. Field artillery could only fight unlimbered (disconnected from the cart and horses that pulled it). The limber (or caisson) along with the team of six horses would be moved to a safe area nearby. Gun crews were organized into an artillery battery, six guns (later in the war, four) were deployed along a line about wide with the guns spaced about apart. 

At times the horses remained hitched to the limber or caisson so the battery could move quickly. An artillery crew was made up of eight highly trained men. An artillery battery had a total of between 70 and 100 soldiers. There were several types of field artillery used during the Civil War. These included the 6 pounder gun, 12 and the 24 pound Howitzer, the famous Model 1857 12-Pounder Napoleon Field Gun, the 3 inch Ordnance rifle and the 10 and 20 pound Parrott rifle. 

Most cannons were muzzleloading weapons. Cannon barrels were of two types. One was the older smoothbore cannons as used during the Mexican–American War. 

They usually had barrels made of bronze and fired round iron cannonballs. The newer type was the rifled cannon that were made of cast iron and wrought iron. They fired Bullet-shaped shells. Both guns and ammunition had a tendency to be unreliable and they were dangerous to shoot.

Before the outbreak of the American Civil War, the United States government did not encourage any new developments in ordnance. Most ordnance experts in the U.S. Ordnance Department were older military officers who believed what worked during the Mexican–American War would work now and did not need improving. Inventors had to go through years of field experiments and political red tape just to get their ideas introduced. Most used their own money and could lose all their money trying to introduce a new idea.

Early cannons were identified by the term "pounder" (abbreviated "pdr"). This referred to the weight of the cannonball the gun fired. For example, a 12 pounder fired a round solid piece of steel. In the 17th century, when howitzers were developed, the term pounder began to be used less and less although it was used through the Civil War. Smooth bores included both guns and howitzers. Both had shorter barrels and used a higher trajectory. Both were less accurate than rifled cannons. 

The Model 1857 12-pounder Napoleon with its green barrel made up 40% of the cannons on both sides. It was the most commonly used cannon. They were heavy at making them hard for the six-horse team to pull. The gun crew of the Napoleon was made up of six men. It could fire a ball, shell or canister shot out to a range of at a speed of 1,440 feet per second (or 439 meters per second). It used a charge of of black powder. The Union made 1,156 units while the Confederacy made 501. Because they did not have the manufacturing capacity of the North, Confederates attempted to capture as many Union-made Napoleon 12-pounders as they could. The Model 1857 was made to replace the Model 1841 6-pounder but both were used during the Civil War out of necessity.

For ranges of or less the most effective field piece was the Model 1842 12-pounder Howitzer. It weighed only and could easily be moved into position by hand. Its large shells gave it very good firepower but its short range (just over ) was less than that of the 6-pounder gun. They were easy targets for enemy artillery that usually had greater range. They were popular for close infantry support. At the Battle of Gettysburg, nine of these were supposed to accompany Pickett's Charge. Because of some confusion among the Confederate ranks regarding the orders and very accurate Union artillery fire, all nine were taken out of the battle before Pickett's men crossed the field. The smoothbore guns remained the most favored technology during the war. 

While used mostly by the Union army, rifled guns were still a new idea and were not very popular among artillery officers or field commanders. Rifled guns were designated by the diameter of the bore of the barrel in inches. In 1860, the Ordnance Board recommended that half of the existing bronze smoothbore cannons be rifled. But this weakened the cannons to the point they could not stand the strain of firing. So the experiment quickly ended. Ordinarily the barrels of smoothbore cannons only lasted about 500 rounds before having to be replaced. Rifled barrels proved to last much longer in field use. The British-made Armstrong and Whitworth guns were good weapons but there were not enough of them to have any major effect on the war. A problem with the rifled guns was they fired too far for the gunners to accurately see to range their targets. When artillery observers and balloons were used for artillery spotting, this increased the accuracy of the rifled guns. Training artillery crews in the use of rifled guns took longer and was more difficult. General George McClellan was among the Union officers who felt that the American terrain was not well suited for the very long range of these weapons. Jefferson Davis, the Confederate President was of the same opinion. All these factors contributed to the slow acceptance of rifled cannon.
The cannon called the 3-inch Ordnance Rifle (also called the 3-inch Wrought Iron Rifle) was an early favorite of the Ordnance Board due to its accuracy. These and other rifled guns were distinguished by their black barrels. About 1,000 were bought during the war. They were made by the Phoenix Iron Works of Phoenixville, Pennsylvania. They were made of wrought iron strips bent on a mandrel then welded together. They were then machined into their final shape. The early prototypes were fired 500 times with no signs of wear. It was accurate and reliable in battle. The Confederacy also produced a 3-inch Ordnance Rifle. But the use of low-grade iron ore and poorer rifling machinery made these guns less reliable.

Another popular rifled type were the Parrott rifles. The original 10-pound model had a bore of . This was changed to to standardize the round. They had cast iron barrels with a wrought iron reinforcement strip welded around the breech (rear of the cannon).

There were basically four types of artillery rounds used in the Civil War:

For the average artillery piece it took eight highly trained artillerymen to form a gun crew. Each member of the crew was cross-trained to do all the jobs required to operate a gun. If a crew member was killed or wounded, another member of the crew could take his place. Gun crews were among the best trained soldiers in either the Confederate or Union armies. They were also vulnerable. They had to see their target to hit it. If they could see their target, the enemy soldiers they were targeting could see them. 

For a gun crew to get off the maximum number of accurate rounds per minute, they used a system whereby each man had a number. His number indicated his main task:


Each gun or artillery piece had a sergeant who commanded the gun. 




Rebévelier

Rebévelier is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Reconvilier

Reconvilier is a municipality of the administrative district Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Pome

A pome is a type of fruit produced in plants of subtribe Malinae (in the tribe Maleae in the subfamily Amygdaloideae) in the family Rosaceae. Examples include pears and apples. They consist of carpels surrounded by accessory tissue.

Nera (Tiber)

The Nera () is a river in central Italy that starts in the Marche region but flows mainly through the Umbria region. It is the main tributary of the Tiber river.

The Nera river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Nera river starts in the "Monti Sibillini", within the Monti Sibillini National Park (), at an elevation of about ., in the "comune" of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, Province of Macerata, Marche.

The river flows through the "comuni" of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, Viso and Ussita in the Marche and then, after about , it flows in the Umbria. After flowing through the province of Perugia, it gets in the province of Terni and keeps flowing to the east and flows through the city of Terni.

After flowing through the city of Narni, it gets into the Lazio region (Province of Viterbo) and soon finally flows in the Tiber river as a left tributary near the city of Orte.

Only the tributaries coming from the left of the Nera are of some importance; those coming from the right are small streams.

Left tributaries:



Jacqueline Fernandez

Jacqueline Fernandez is a Sri Lankan actress, former model, and the winner of the 2006 Miss Universe Sri Lanka pageant.

Jacqueline Fernandez was born on 11 August 1985, in Manama, Bahrain,[5][6] and was raised in a multi-ethnic family. Her father, Elroy Fernandez, is a Sri Lankan Burgher, and her mother, Kim, is of Malaysian and Canadian descent.[7] Her maternal grandfather is Canadian and her great-grandparents were from Goa in India.[6] Her father, who was a musician in Sri Lanka, moved to Bahrain in the 1980s to escape civil unrest between the Sinhalese and Tamils and subsequently met her mother, who was an air hostess.[6] She is the youngest of four children with one elder sister and two elder brothers.[8][6] After receiving her early education in Bahrain at Sacred Heart School,[9][10][11] she studied mass communication at the University of Sydney in Australia.[12][13] After graduating she did a couple of television shows in Sri Lanka.[6] She also attended the Berlitz school of languages, where she learned Spanish and improved her French and Arabic.[14]

Jacqueline Fernandez was named after iconic U.S. First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. In an interview, Jacqueline revealed that her mother Kim was a huge admirer of Jackie Kennedy's style, intelligence and cultural contributions and decided to name her daughter after the iconic First Lady. 

Jacqueline said she feels deeply honored to share her name with someone her mother looked up to for her courage, intelligence and contributions to global culture. Growing up, she learned about Jackie Kennedy's influence and presence on the world stage.
According to Fernandez, she had aspired to become an actress at a young age and fantasized about becoming a Hollywood movie star.[15] She received some training at the John School of Acting.[14] Although, she was a television reporter, she accepted offers in the modeling industry, which came as a result of her pageant success. In 2006, she was crowned the winner of the Miss Universe Sri Lanka pageant and represented Sri Lanka at the world Miss Universe 2006 pageant held in Los Angeles.[16] In a 2015 interview, Fernandez described the modeling industry as "a good training ground" and said: "It is a medium that is about shedding your inhibitions, knowing your body, confidence".[17] In 2006, she appeared in a music video for the song "O Sathi" by music duo Bathiya and Santhush and young female singer Umaria Sinhawansa.[18]

John Abraham

John Abraham (born 17 December 1972), is an Indian film actor, producer and a former model who appears in Hindi films.

Abraham was born on 17 December 1972 into a family of mixed religious and ethnic heritage. His father is a Syrian Christian from Kerala and his mother is a Zoroastrian Irani. Abraham's Zoroastrian name is "Farhan", but he was baptised with the name "John." He has a younger brother named Alan Abraham. He considers himself a spiritual person but does not follow any particular religion. Abraham grew up in Mumbai and studied at the Bombay Scottish School in Mumbai, Maharashta. He attended Jai Hind College, University of Mumbai, and then got an MBA degree from Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS), Bombay. His cousin Susy Matthew is an author and has written novels like "Mahabharat".


Agadir

Agadir is a city in southwestern Morocco, located on the Atlantic coast in the region of Souss.

Cheap Thrills

"Cheap Thrills" is a song by Australian singer-songwriter Sia. It was recorded for her seventh studio album, "This Is Acting", after it was rejected by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. On February 11, 2016, the song was released as a remix with Jamaican recording artist Sean Paul.
The remix of the song has been very successful, reaching the top ten in Sia's country of Australia, the top two in the UK, and number one in Canada, most of mainland Europe, and the United States. "Cheap Thrills" became Sia's first "Billboard" Hot 100 number-one hit and Sean Paul's fourth. Sean Paul's last number-one U.S. song was "Temperature" in 2006. She never shows her face or even is in her music videos because of privacy.

The song reached number 11 on the year-end "Billboard" Hot 100 of 2016. It was certified double-Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.

The remix was nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 2017 (59th) Grammy Awards.

Merced, California

Merced is a city in Merced County, California, United States. As of 2020, 86,333 people lived there. Merced is the county seat of Merced County in the San Joaquin Valley of California. Merced has the first research university built in the 21st century, University of California, Merced. UC Merced is the newest school in the University of California system.

Merced runs off of the Council-Manager form of government.

The unemployment rate in Merced as of June 2014 is 14.10%. The average per capita income in Merced is $17,331 while the median household income is $38,253. Sales tax in Merced is 8% while the income tax is 6%.

Slaughterhouse-Five

Slaughterhouse-Five is a science fiction book by American author Kurt Vonnegut. It has been popular all over the world since its was published in 1969. It is often picked as one of the best books of all time. Slaughterhouse 5 is about a time travelling American soldier during World War II who is in the German city of Dresden when it is bombed by the Allies. The author experienced this event in his real life and so the novel is semi autobiographical.

The novel follows the story of American soldier, Billy Pilgrim. Billy is what is known in literature as an "unreliable narrator" - his experiences are written in a way that might make the reader think they are not exactly true. To reflect this, the novel is structured in a non linear fashion. This means events are not always written in the order that they happened. Billy's stories from the war are interrupted when he is taken by aliens (called Tralfamadorians) to live in a zoo on their home planet. He also becomes "unstuck in time" and experiences his life in a random order of flashbacks. 

Antofagasta Region

The II Antofagasta Region () is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions. It is the second-largest region of Chile. To the east it borders Bolivia and Argentina.

The capital of the region is the port city of Antofagasta.

The area away from the coast was populated by the Atacama people around the great dry salt lake called Salar de Atacama, the river basin of the Loa and valleys and oasis across the altiplano, with the most important settlement being the town of San Pedro de Atacama.

The region used to be Bolivian until the War of the Pacific started in 1879.

The Antofagasta region borders the Tarapacá region to the north, Bolivia to the northeast, Argentina to the southeast, the Atacama region to the south and the Pacific Ocean to the west.

The Llullaillaco volcano is the region's highest elevation at ; it is on the border with Argentina.

The only river of the region is the Loa river, the longest river of Chile, with a length of .

The climate of the region is extremely arid (a desert climate) but somewhat milder near the coast and the highest mountains.

The three types of desert climate in the region are, (with the Köppen climate classification)

Nearly all of the region does not have any vegetation except close to the Loa river or at oases such as San Pedro de Atacama.

, there were (estimated) 622,640 persons living in the region, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest cities (2002 census) of the region are the capitals of the three provincesː Antofagasta (285,255 inhabitants), Calama (126,135 inhabitants) and Tocopilla (23,352 inhabitants).

The Antofagasta region is divided in three provincesː



Levi's Stadium

Levi's Stadium is a stadium in Santa Clara, California. The San Francisco 49ers play there.
A year after the stadium opened, Super Bowl 50 was held there. After the 2019 San Francisco 49ers season (2019 season), the stadium held its first playoff game on against the Minnesota Vikings, and the first NFC Championship game against the Green Bay Packers. The 49ers won both games.

The stadium hosted the 2019 College Football Playoff National Championship, in which the Clemson Tigers defeated the Alabama Crimson Tide, 44-16.

The stadium's construction was completed on July 17, 2014. There are 174 executive suites. The capacity is 68,500, which is expandable to 75,000. The cost of the stadium's construction was $1.27 billion. The first match held in the stadium was an MLS league match between the San Jose Earthquakes and the Seattle Sounders (1-0) on August 2nd 2014. On September 14, 2014, the 49ers played their first game at the stadium against the Chicago Bears, but lost 20-28.

Gunmetal

Gunmetal, or red brass in the United States, is a metal alloy. It is a type of bronze – an alloy of copper, tin and zinc. 

Proportions of its metals vary. 88% copper, 8-10% tin and 2-4% zinc is usual. 

Originally it was used for making cannons. Guns are now made of steel. Gunmetal is easy to cast and work on a lathe. It resists corrosion from steam and salt water. It is used to make steam and hydraulic castings, valves, gears, statues, and various small objects such as buttons. 

GNK Dinamo Zagreb

GNK Dinamo Zagreb is a football club which plays in Croatia.



FC Astana

Football Club Astana (Kazakh: «Астана» футбол клубы; usually just called FC Astana or simply Astana) is a professional association football club from Astana, Kazakhstan. They currently play in the Kazakhstan Premier League. They were founded as Lokomotiv Astana in 2009 from football clubs Almaty: Megasport and Alma-Ata, the club changed its name to Astana in 2011. 

Their short history already included two league titles, two Kazakhstan Cups and two Kazakhstan Super Cups. In 2015, Astana qualified to the UEFA Champions League group stage, becoming the first Kazakh team to do so.



Ashdod

Ashdod (Hebrew: אַשְׁדּוֹד; Arabic: اشدود‎‎, إسدود) is the sixth-largest city in Israel. Ashdod is Israel's largest port, since about 60% of the country's imported goods come through the city.

Ashdod has a Mediterranean climate with hot summers, pleasant spring and fall, and cool, rainy winters. The humidity is usually high many times year round, and rain occurs mainly from November to March. 

Ashdod had a population of about 220,000 in 2015, making it the sixth-largest city in Israel. The ratio of women to men is about 1.05 to 1.00. Also, 19.7% of the population was under the age of 10, 15.7% from age 10 to 19, 14.9% from 20 to 29, 19.1% from 30 to 44, 19.1% from 45 to 64, and 11.3% were 65 or older. The population of Ashdod is a lot younger than the Israeli average because there are a lot of young couples in the city.

Over 95% of Ashdod's population is Jewish, even though only about 30% follow their religion. The city is also home to the world's largest Karaite community, with about five thousand members.



The end justifies the means

The end justifies the means is a paraphrase of Niccolò Machiavelli. It means that if a goal is morally important enough, any method of getting it is acceptable. The idea is ancient, but it was not meant to justify unnecessary cruelty. It was part of a political philosophy called consequentialism. The basic idea is that a policy can be judged by its outcome. All modern versions of consequentialism have to deal with the limitations necessary to prevent tyrants abusing this idea.

Political philosophy

Political philosophy is the study of politics, liberty, justice, property, and rights. Also the law, and its enforcement (a legal code) by authority. It concerns not the details, but the basic principles, reasons and arguments.

Topics studied include the purpose of government, what rights and freedoms it should protect, what form it should take, and what the law is. Also, what duties citizens owe to a legitimate government, and when it may be legitimately overthrown, if ever.

Political philosophy is a philosophical back-up to political science, which is the social science study of politics.

Courtelary District

The district of Courtelary in the Swiss canton of Bern has 18 municipalities in an area of 266 km²:

Reichenbach im Kandertal

Reichenbach im Kandertal is a municipality in the administrative district of Frutigen-Niedersimmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Reisiswil

Reisiswil is a municipality of the administrative district Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Renan, Switzerland

Renan is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Model 1857 12-Pounder Napoleon Field Gun

The Model 1857 12-Pounder Napoleon Field Gun, officially called the “light 12-pounder gun” by the United States Army, was the most popular smoothbore cannon used during the American Civil War. The cannon was named after French president and emperor, Napoleon III, nephew of Napoleon Bonaparte.

The French "Canon obusier de campagne de 12 cm, modèle 1853", also known as the "Canon de l’Empereur", was a type of canon-obusier (shell cannon) or gun-howitzer developed in 1853 by the French army. It could fire ball, shell, canister or grapeshot which allowed it to replace all the earlier French cannons. It was of a cast bronze smoothbore design and could double as a howitzer. It was light enough to be pulled by a team of horses. At the same time it had enough firepower to destroy fortifications at a distance of a half-mile (805 meters). When it entered the service of Emperor Napoléon III it was named after him.

In 1857 the design was adopted by the U.S. Army as the light 12-pounder M1857. The Union made 1,156 units while the Confederacy made 501. Because they did not have the manufacturing capacity of the North, Confederates attempted to capture as many Union-made Napoleon 12-pounders as they could. The Confederate army also developed their own version. In 1863, General Robert E. Lee was so impressed by the M1857 that he had all six-pounders in the Army of Northern Virginia gathered up and sent to Richmond to be melted down and re-cast into 12-pounders. The Confederates kept producing 12-pounder Napoleons until the Union army captured the Ducktown copper mines near Chattanooga, Tennessee. This reduced Confederates bronze production. After that Confederate 1857s were cast of iron.

When first model 1857s were cast in Northern foundries they had two handles or "dolphins". After 1861 the dolphins were eliminated, the barrel was shortened from the French version, and it was made lighter. Like most cannons in use at the time, they were muzzleloading weapons. The Model 1857 12-pounder Napoleon with its bronze barrel made up 40% of the cannons on both sides. The U.S. version of the Napoleon could hit a target up to away. However they were most accurate at closer ranges of about . It used a charge of of black powder. The M1857 Napoleon fired a cannonball or canister shot at a speed of 1,440 feet per second (or 439 meters per second). The barrel had a bore of in diameter and was long. The barrel alone weighed . With its gun carriage it weighed and was pulled by a team of six horses. The average gun crew was six men.

Reutigen

Reutigen is a municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Riggisberg

Riggisberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On January 1, 2009, the municipality of Rüti bei Riggisberg became part of the municipality of Riggisberg. On 1 January 2021, Rümligen became a part of Riggisberg.

Ringgenberg

Ringgenberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Interlaken-Oberhasli in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Ringgenberg is on Lake Brienz.


Roches, Switzerland

Roches is a municipality of the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Rohrbach, Switzerland

Rohrbach is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the Swiss canton of Bern.


Rohrbachgraben

Rohrbachgraben is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Glasbach, Liemberg, Ganzenberg, Flückigen, Kaltenegg, Matten, Wald and Wil.


Romont, Bern

Romont is a municipality in the administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Loa River

The Loa is a U-shaped river in Chile's northern Antofagasta region. It is the longest river of the country and the main river in the Atacama Desert.

The Loa river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Loa river starts on the Andean mountain slopes at the base of the Miño volcano near the Bolivian border, at an elevation of about , in the "comuna" of Ollagüe, Calama, Antofagasta.

The river flows south, for about , to the oasis of San Francisco de Chiu Chiu or simply "Chiu Chiu". Two left tributaries joints the Lao river in this part the riverː 

From Chiu Chiu, the Loa flows to the west, running through the city of Calama. The San Salvador river joints the Loa in this part of course as its only important right tributary.

Then the Loa flows north for about to Quillagua, an oasis in the "comuna" of María Elena, Tocopilla province in the Antofagasta region of northern Chile. The Loa is crossed by the Pan-American Highway in this area.

From Quillagua, the river turns westward again and marks the border between the regions of Tarapacá and Antofagasta. Finally, the Loa flows in the Pacific Ocean.

Because the Loa river flows throug a very arid region, a desert, there are very few permanent tributaries; they areː




Rajesh Hamal

Rajesh Hamal (, born 9 June 1964 in Tansen, Palpa, Nepal) is a Nepali actor. He is known for his Nepali films.

Sarlahi

Sarlahi (), a part of Madhesh Province, is one of the seventy-seven districts of Nepal.

Nepal Standard Time

Nepal Standard Time (NPT) is the time zone for Nepal. With a time offset from Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) of , all over Nepal Standard Time is one of only three time zones with a 45-minute offset from
UTC. (The others are Chatham Island Standard Time, with an offset of , and the
unofficial Australian Central Western Time, with an offset of .) NPT is an approximation of Kathmandu mean time, which is 5:41:16 ahead of
UTC. 

Erlach District

The district of Erlach in the Swiss canton of Bern has 12 municipalities in an area of 84.7 km².

Fraubrunnen District

The district of Fraubrunnen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 27 municipalities in an area of 123.5 km².

Gamboma

Gamboma is a town of the Republic of the Congo, located on the center in the Plateaux departement. It has an military airport, a diocese and a stadium.

It is located 273 km from Brazzaville, the capital of the country and founded in 1909.

Frutigen District

The district of Frutigen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 7 municipalities in an area of 489 km².

Djambala

Djambala is a town of the Republic of the Congo, located on the center in the Plateaux departement. It has an national airport, a diocese and a stadium.

Ewo

Ewo is a town of the Republic of the Congo, located on the west in the Cuvette-Ouest departement. It has an national airport, a diocese and a stadium.

Impfondo

Impfondo is a town of the Republic of the Congo, located on the center in the Likouala Region. It has an national airport, a diocese and a stadium.

Jenny von Westphalen

Freiin Johanna Bertha Julie Jenny von Westphalen or better known as Jenny von Westphalen or also Jenny Marx (born 12 February 1814 in Salzwedel, now Germany, and died 2 December 1881 in London) was the wife of philosopher Karl Marx, and daughter of Baron Ludwig von Westphalen, a professor at Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität in Berlin.



Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee

Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee was a municipality in Wangen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, Wanzwil and Röthenbach bei Herzogenbuchsee became part of Heimenhausen.

Röthenbach im Emmental

Röthenbach im Emmental is a municipality in the administrative district Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Rubigen

Rubigen is a municipality of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Rüderswil

Rüderswil is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Rüdtligen-Alchenflüh

Rüdtligen-Alchenflüh is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Smoothbore

A smoothbore weapon is one that has a barrel without rifling. Smoothbores range from handheld firearms to powerful tank guns and large artillery mortars. The majority of shotguns are smoothbores and the terms "shotgun" and "smoothbore" can be synonymous.

The earliest mention of a smoothbore weapon was about the year 1000 in Dunhuang. The weapon was called a fire lance. The basic parts that make up a gun are a barrel, a charge and a projectile. The gun must also have a way to ignite the black powder charge. The earliest guns were made of bamboo, later replaced with metal barrels. The first mass produced guns were the matchlocks.

The classic European matchlock gun was a smoothbore weapon that held a burning slow match in a clamp at the end of a small curved lever called a "serpentine". When the lever (or in later models a trigger) was pulled, it lowered the smoldering match into the flash pan. This ignited the priming powder. The flash from the primer travelled through the touch hole igniting the main charge of propellant in the gun barrel. 
One problem with the matchlock was that the match had to be constantly lit. The match was soaked in potassium nitrate to keep the match lit for longer periods of time. If the match was not lit when the gun needed to be fired, the mechanism was useless. This was a real problem in wet weather. Another drawback was the burning match itself. At night, the match would glow in the darkness showing the matchlock holder's position. The smell of burning match-cord also gave away a musketeer's position. The main advantage of the matchlock was that it allowed the shooter to hold the weapon at eye level so as to better aim the weapon.

After about 200 years, the next major development was the flintlock. It used a flint striking mechanism. Another improvement replaced the flashpan with a smaller “priming pan” that held a smaller amount of black powder. It also contained an opening into the breach to ignite the main powder charge. A small piece of steel (called a “frizzen”) was mounted to the top of the priming pan. When the trigger was pulled the mechanism created a spark igniting the powder in barrel. When the powder and ball were loaded into the barrel, it was then tamped (pushed) down with the ramrod. The hammer was pulled back to the first click, called "half-cocked". To make the weapon ready to fire, the hammer was pulled back to the "full-cocked" position. When the trigger was pulled, a spring caused the hammer to fall igniting the charge. Flintlocks were the main firearm for the next 200 to 300 years before being replaced by percussion cap guns.

The percussion cap mechanism was the next great improvement in firearms. It was also called a caplock. The percussion cap was based on the discovery of fulminate of mercury in about 1800. When struck with a sharp blow, mercury fulminate detonates. In 1816, Joshua Shaw, an artist living in Philadelphia, painted fulminate of mercury on the inside of copper caps. He fitted it over a small nipple on the firing hole over the bore. When the hammer struck the percussion cap, the gun fired. By 1826 they were widely used and had replaced the flintlock.

The percussion cap eliminated the flash pan, flint and frizzen. It added the step of placing a cap on the nipple cone, but it was a real advantage to troops in battle. Percussion caps were quick to load and worked in nearly all weather conditions.

Crude cannons existed in China from about the 12th century, possibly earlier. One of the first weapons used in Europe was the bombard. They were built in different diameter barrels to fire anything from a small rock to a cast iron ball. By the 16th century cannons began to replace bombards. Casting had greatly improved in Europe after about 1570. In the early 1500s, French cannons were used to break up masses of men in their campaigns in Italy. The Germans had some of the best gunners in Europe and developed cannon that could hit targets at up to . Next, the Swedish under Gustavus Adolphus developed lightweight cannons that could easily move around the battlefield. He used a cast 4-pounder that weighed about and could be pulled by just two horses.

In 1742, Englishman Benjamin Robins wrote "New Principles of Gunnery" where he added science to the field of ballistics. He developed carronades which were short, lightweight smoothbore cannons that could be used on the decks of ships. During the American Revolutionary War, the British had a number of different cannons as well as mortars. Many of the American weapons were captured British cannon.

In 1853 France introduced the Canon-obusier de 12, a 12-pounder capable of firing both shot and shell. The U.S. Army adopted the Napoleon 12-pounder in 1857 as the Model 1857 12-Pounder Napoleon Field Gun. It became the most popular field gun on both sides during the American Civil War. They were ultimately replaced by rifled barrel cannons beginning after the Civil War.


Rüeggisberg

Rüeggisberg is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

The municipality is on a plateau along the southern flank of the Längenberg.

Rüegsau

Rüegsau is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Rumendingen

Rumendingen is a municipality of the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Rumisberg

Rumisberg is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Rümligen

Rümligen was a municipality in Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Rümligen became a part of Riggisberg.

Muzzleloader

A muzzleloader is any firearm where the projectile and usually the propellant charge is loaded from the muzzle of the gun. This is distinct from the more popular modern designs of breech-loading firearms. The term "muzzleloader" may also apply to the marksman who shoot muzzleloading firearms. The term of art includes rifled muzzleloaders and smoothbore muzzleloaders. There are several different calibers of muzzleloading firearms. Modern muzzleloading firearms a variety of firing mechanisms. These include sidelock, flintlock and percussion models of the Pennsylvania rifle (after the early 1800s called the Kentucky rifle). Muzzleloading can apply to anything from cannons to pistols. But in modern use the term most commonly applies to black powder small arms. It usually, but not always, involves the use of a loose propellant (like gunpowder) and a projectile, as well as a separate method of ignition or priming.

Some of the earliest muzzleloaders were matchlocks. The matchlock, named for its firing mechanism, was the first invention that made it possible to keep both hands on the weapon and at the same time keep the shooter's eyes on the target. The design allowed a cloth or stick with a flame on the end—called a "match"—to be lowered into a "flashpan" filled with gunpowder which ignited the main charge, firing the gun. Matchlocks appeared in Europe in about 1400. The matchlock mechanism was used to produce muskets. The gun barrels were smooth inside and used round ball ammunition. Those who used muskets were called "musketeers". Very few pistols used this design but some shotguns from this period were matchlocks.
In about 1509 the wheellock was the next advance in muzzleloader technology. It did not have a match to keep lit and generated a spark mechanically with a wheel mechanism. But they were expensive to produce and cheaper (by half) so matchlocks remained in use.

It took another 200 years to improve on the matchlock. Marin le Bourgeoys, a Frenchman is credited with inventing the Flintlock mechanism sometime in the 1620s. He was variously an artist, a crossbow maker and a gunsmith ("harquebuzier"). From 1660 to 1840, flintlock muzzleloading rifles and pistols were used by every European and American army. It produced a spark by a flint striking steel producing a spark and igniting the priming powder. By covering the priming powder until the gun was fired, it would usually work even in windy or damp weather. In 1722, the British Army called for a standard pattern of muzzleloading flintlock musket. The resulting model and its variants were called the Brown Bess. It remained in service until the 1830s.
The percussion cap mechanism was the next great improvement in firearms. It was also called a caplock. The percussion cap was based on the discovery of fulminate of mercury in about 1800. When struck with a sharp blow, mercury fulminate detonates. In 1816, Joshua Shaw, an artist living in Philadelphia, painted fulminate of mercury on the inside of copper caps. He fitted it over a small nipple on the firing hole over the bore. When the hammer struck the percussion cap, the gun fired. By 1826 they were widely used and had replaced the flintlock.

The percussion cap eliminated the flash pan, flint and frizzen. It added the step of placing a cap on the nipple cone, but it was a real advantage to troops in battle. Percussion caps were quick to load and worked in nearly all weather conditions.

In 1869, the centerfire cartridge was invented. It worked only in breech-loading weapons and together they quickly replaced the muzzleloader in common use.
Modern mortars use a shell with the propelling charge and primer attached at the base. Unlike older muzzleloading mortars, which were loaded the same way as muzzleloading cannon, the modern mortar is fired by dropping the shell down the barrel. A pin at the bottom fires the primer, which then ignites the main propelling charge. Both the modern mortar and the older mortar were used for high angle fire. However, since the mortar is not loaded in separate steps makes its definition as a muzzleloader a matter of opinion. However, in the simplest terms it does load from the muzzle end.

Crude muzzleloading cannons existed in China from about the 12th century, possibly earlier. One of the first weapons used in Europe was the bombard. They were muzzleloaders built in different diameter barrels to fire anything from a small rock to a cast iron ball. By the 16th century muzzleloading cannons began to replace bombards. Casting had greatly improved in Europe after about 1570. In the early 1500s, French cannons were used to break up masses of men in their campaigns in Italy. The Germans had some of the best gunners in Europe and developed cannon that could hit targets at up to . Next, the Swedish under Gustavus Adolphus developed lightweight cannons that could easily move around the battlefield. He used a cast 4-pounder that weighed about and could be pulled by just two horses.

In 1742, Englishman Benjamin Robins wrote "New Principles of Gunnery" where he added science to the field of ballistics. He developed carronades which were short, lightweight muzzleloading smoothbore cannons that could be used on the decks of ships. During the American Revolutionary War, the British had a number of different cannons as well as mortars. Many of the American weapons were captured British cannon.

In 1853 France introduced the "Canon-obusier de 12", a 12-pounder capable of firing both shot and shell also called a "Napoleon". The U.S. Army adopted the Napoleon 12-pounder in 1857 as the Model 1857 12-Pounder Napoleon Field Gun. It became the most popular field gun on both sides during the American Civil War. They were ultimately replaced by breach-loading cannons after the Civil War.


The Charge of the Light Brigade (poem)

"The Charge of the Light Brigade" is a poem written in 1854 by Alfred, Lord Tennyson. It is about a British brigade in the Battle of Balaclava in the Crimean War.


Blowback

Blowback is a system of operation for self-loading firearms that obtains energy from the motion of the cartridge case as it is pushed to the rear by expanding gases created by the ignition of the propellant charge.

Several blowback systems exist, distinguished by the methods used to control bolt movement. In most actions that use blowback operation, the breech is not locked mechanically at the time of firing: the inertia of the bolt and recoil spring(s), relative to the weight of the bullet, delays opening of the breech until the bullet has left the barrel. A few locked breech designs use a form of blowback (example: primer actuation) to perform the unlocking function.

Other operating principles for self-loading firearms include blow forward, gas operation, recoil operation, revolver, Gatling, and chain. The blowback principle may be considered a simplified form of gas operation, since the cartridge case behaves like a piston driven by the powder gases.

Simple blowback operation is where the recoil of the cartridge moves the bolt rearwards to load the next round. This operation is found in automatic pistols and submachine guns and firearms chambered in lower pressure rounds. The rifle rounds which have higher pressures are usually deemed unsuitable for simple blowback operation. However, there is Delayed Blowback where the chamber is locked until the pressures drop to a safe level to reload.

Delayed blowback is similar to simple blowback but is capable of handling the pressures of rifle rounds. It uses an operation that delays the opening of the bolt when firing.

Lever delayed blowback is where the bolt has a lever that slows the opening of the bolt but accelerates the bolt carrier, the bolt then also accelerates with the bolt carrier. The AA52 machine gun and the FAMAS use this operation.

Roller delayed blowback is where the bolt has two rollers that pop out both sides of the bolt to lock the chamber. The Sturmgewehr 45 assault rifle, Heckler & Koch MP5 and Calico submachine gun uses this operation.

Primer actuated blowback is when the round is fired, the primer moves the firing pin rearwards to unlock the bolt. The Garand Model 1919 and Postnikov APT use this operation.


Llullaillaco

Llullaillaco is a stratovolcano in the Andes range, in Argentina and Chile. It is the 7th highest mountain in the Andes.

It lies in the Puna de Atacama, a region of very high volcanic peaks on a high plateau within the Atacama Desert, one of the driest places in the world.

The first recorded ascent was on 1 December 1952, by Bión González and Juan Harseim, from Chile. They found archaeological evidence that people were at the top of Llullaillaco in the pre-Columbian period.

During 1983–1985, American archaeologist Johan Reinhard directed three surveys of archaeological sites on the summit and slopes of the mountain.

The summit is the highest archaeological site in the world. The mummies of three Inca children were found on it in 1999. These were found by Johan Reinhard and Constanza Ceruti and their expedition. Other artifacts were also found along with the mummies. It is believed that the children were part of a human sacrifice.

The volcano is in the Chile-Argentina boder and is part, on the Chilean part, of the Llullaillaco National Park ().

The Llullaillaco is a stratovolcano. There were eruptions in 1854, 1866 and 1877. Since then, no volcanic activity has been recorded. It is the world´s second highest active volcano, second to "Ojos del Salado".

It is an ultra-prominent peak, or Ultra for short, because it has as a summit with a topographic prominence of or more.



List of Nepalese actors

This is a list of Nepali actors.





Antofagasta Province

The Province of Antofagasta () is one of three provinces in the northern Chilean region of Antofagasta (II). The capital is the port city of Antofagasta.

The Antofagasta province has an area of .

The Antofagasta province is bordered on the north by the Tocopilla and El Loa provinces, on the east by Argentina, on the south by the Atacama region (Chañaral province) and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 318,779 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Antofagasta, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 285,255 inhabitants.

As a province, the Antofagasta province is a second-level administrative division, consisting of four communes ("comunas"). The city of Antofagasta serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


El Loa

The Province of El Loa () is one of three provinces of the northern Chilean region of Antofagasta (II). It is named after the longest river of Chile, the Loa. The provincial capital is Calama.

The El Loa province has an area of .

The province is bordered on the north by the Tarapacá region, on the east by Bolivia, on the south by Argentina and on the west by the Antofagasta and the Tocopilla provinces.

 (last national census), there were 143,689 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Calama, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 126,135 inhabitants.

As a province, the El Loa province is a second-level administrative division, consisting of three communes ("comunas"). The city of Calama serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Bill Burr

William Frederick Burr (born June 10, 1968) is an American stand-up comedian, writer and actor. He is the host of the "Monday Morning Podcast", and appeared in the AMC crime-drama show "Breaking Bad". In 2013, "The New York Times" wrote that Burr "has been one of the funniest, most distinctive voices in the country for years. He has released six stand-up specials.

Burr was born in Canton, Massachusetts. His parents are of German and Irish ancestry. His father worked as a dentist. He married producer, director and screenwriter Nia Hill in 2013. Their daughter was born in 2017. As of May 2015, Burr is a licensed helicopter pilot and he has played the drums for a long time.

"Rolling Stone" magazine called Burr "the undisputed heavyweight champ of rage-fueled humor." Burr often makes himself look like "that loud guy in the bar" with "uninformed logic." In an interview with the "The Boston Globe", Burr stated, "I'm the 'dude, bro' guy." He has also been known to not care about being politically correct."



Asprovalta

Asprovalta () is a town near Thessaloniki in northern Greece. It was the seat of the Agios Georgios municipality. Since January 2011, Asprovalta belongs to the Municipality of Volvi. The population is around 3,039 people.

According to a book about Simonopetra, Asprovalta was built in the 16th century. Its first name was Aspra Valta. After the Greco-Turkish War, 54 families from western Turkey moved to Asprovalta.

Elizabeth Lada

Elizabeth Lada (born 19??) is an American astronomer. 

The American Astronomical Society honored her work by awarding her the Annie Jump Cannon Award in Astronomy Prize in 1992. She also was named as a Hubble Fellow during her work at the University of Maryland. She was awarded a National Science Foundation's CAREER Award in 1999. In 1998 she received a Presidential Early Career Award for Scientists and Engineers (PECASE). Lada got her Bachelor of Science in Physics degree at Yale University in 1965. She did her Ph.D. in Astronomy at the University of Texas in 1990. Lada is currently Professor of Astronomy at the University of Florida.

Meessen De Clercq

Meessen De Clercq is a contemporary art gallery in Brussels, Belgium. The gallery is in an old building with three floors.
In 2007, art historian Olivier Meessen and art lover Jan De Clercq began to work to start a contemporary art gallery in Brussels. In April 2008 the gallery opened, with a group show of works by seven artists. After this first show, the gallery closed to rebuild it. From September 2008 the gallery re-opened with group and solo shows by both older and new artists.

Artists who show their work include: 



Ruppoldsried

Ruppoldsried was a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipality of Ruppoldsried merged into the municipality of Rapperswil.

Rüschegg

Rüschegg is a municipality in the administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is also a Swiss Reformed Church parish.


Rüti bei Büren

Rüti bei Büren is a municipality in the administrative district of Seeland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.


Rüti bei Lyssach

Rüti bei Lyssach is a municipality in the administrative district of Emmental in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Rüti bei Riggisberg

Rüti bei Riggisberg was a municipality in the district of Seftigen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipality of Rüti bei Riggisberg merged into the municipality of Riggisberg.

Rütschelen

Rütschelen is a municipality in the administrative district of Oberaargau in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.

Saanen

Saanen () is a municipality and ski resort in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is the capital of the administrative district of Obersimmental-Saanen.


Ignasi Aballí

Ignasi Aballí (born in 1958) is a Spanish artist. He is one of Spain's well known artists.

Aballí tried some ways to make his art. He has done art shows in Italy and Australia. In 2015, he showed his work in France. Aballí won an award called the Joan Miró prize in 2015.

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012

2011

2010 

2009

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

2000


Gstaad

Gstaad is a village in the municipality of Saanen in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. It is known as a ski resort.


Chevron (geology)

A chevron in geology is a sharply-folded rock formation. Chevron folds are regular folded beds with straight limbs and sharp hinges. Well developed, these folds produce a set of v-shaped beds. 

They develop in response to compressive stress. The angles of the folds are generally 60 degrees or less. Chevron folding is helped if the bedding alternates between beds of different make-up. Turbidites, with alternating sandstones and shales, are the typical geological setting for chevron folds to occurs.

Chevrons can also form in land deposits, especially where there are sand dunes.

Meteorite strewnfield

A meteorite strewnfield is the area where meteorites and glassy tektites from a single meteor fall are found.

There are two ways for strewnfields to form:


Rifling

Rifling consists of spiral grooves cut into the inside of a barrel of a gun. It causes the bullet or projectile to spin as it flies through the air. This greatly improves the accuracy of the bullet over longer distances. The first muskets to use this technology were called rifles. Barrels are rifled using a left or right twist. The number of turns per inch is called the "twist rate". These are expressed as a ratio. For example, a 1:7 twist means the bullet will turn once for each seven inches of barrel length. As a general rule, the heavier the bullet, the higher the twist rate.

Gaspard Kollner, a 15th century gunmaker in Vienna, is thought by many to have invented rifling. Others think it was Augustus Kotter of Nuremberg who invented rifling in about 1520. At about that same time some crossbows fired a bolt (short heavy arrow) through a tube with spiral grooving. This gave the bolt more stability in flight. Whether these were used before rifling in gun barrels is not certain. 

The "hand cannon" was first used in China in 1288. From this early beginning and a number of different guns, the smoothbore Musket was in use in Europe by the 15th century. While it could not fire and reload as fast as an archer and could not be reloaded on horseback, it could penetrate armor. Its greatest advantage over the bow was that anyone could learn to fire a musket in a very short period of time. It took much longer to properly train an archer. The British army used the musket along with pikemen until about 1705 when the pikes were abandoned. In 1722 the army adopted a standard musket called the Brown Bess and continued to use it until about the 1830s. Muskets used a round cast ball that was smaller in diameter than the gun barrel. As a consequence, when the musket was fired, the ball bounced along the inside the barrel. When it exited the barrel it could take a variety of paths making the musket inaccurate. So soldiers were massed together very closely and fired in volly (all at the same time). This sent bullets flying generally in the direction of the enemy on the theory that at least some of the bullets would hit some of the soldiers. The smoke from repeated vollies prevented soldiers from seeing what they were shooting at. In the heat of battle, soldiers who wanted reload and fire faster sometimes omitted ramming the bullet and powder into the barrel with the ramrod. Instead, they would try to seat the ball by sharply hitting the butt of the musket on the ground. This reduced the effectiveness even more. Sometimes the bullet would do little more than dribble out of the barrel and travel only a short distance.

The use of rifled muskets called rifles, changed this. During the American Revolutionary War Americans used muskets. But they also had marksmen who used their Kentucky rifles. The longer barrel was rifled for accuracy at a long range. American riflemen began targeting British officers in battle instead of just individual soldiers. The British command despised the tactic calling it “unsportsmanlike”. But the Americans continued the practice up to the end of the war.

In 1849, a French army officer, Claude-Étienne Minié, invented a bullet with a hollow base named for him called the Minié ball. When fired, the bullet expanded to fit the rifling inside the gun barrel. This gave it even greater accuracy over a longer distance. The British used it in the Crimean War against Russian forces with tremendous success. At the time of the American Civil War, both the Union and the Confederate armies were using smoothbore muskets out of necessity. But soon rifled muskets using the Minié ball replaced the smoothbore muskets. The effects were to devastate the opposing army at much longer distances.

Most firearms produced today use a rifled barrel. There are basically three machining processes used to produce rifled barrels.




Interlaken District

The district of Interlaken in the Swiss canton of Bern has 23 municipalities in an area of 724 km².


Tocopilla Province

The Province of Tocopilla () is one of three provinces of the northern Chilean region of Antofagasta (II). The provincial capital is Tocopilla.
The Tocopilla province has an area of .

The province is bordered on the north by the Tarapacá region, on the east by the El Loa province, on the south by the Antofagasta province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 31,516 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Tocopilla, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 23,352 inhabitants.

As a province, the Tocopilla province is a second-level administrative division, consisting of two communes ("comunas"). The city of Tocopilla serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.


Konolfingen District

The district of Konolfingen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 29 municipalities in an area of 214 km².


Laupen District

The district of Laupen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 11 municipalities in an area of 88 km².

Moutier District

The district of Moutier in the Swiss canton of Bern has 26 municipalities in an area of 216 km².

La Neuveville District

The district of La Neuveville in the Swiss canton of Bern has 5 municipalities in an area of 59 km².

Nidau District

The district of Nidau in the Swiss canton of Bern has 25 municipalities in an area of 88 km².

List of programs broadcast by Cartoon Network

This is a list of television programs broadcast on Cartoon Network.

See also: List of programs broadcast by Cartoonito

An asterisk (*) indicates that the program initially aired as a Cartoon Network program.


General

Specific

Frederick McDonald

Frederick Albert McDonald (c. 1872? April 1926) was an Australian politician and possible murder victim.

McDonald studied at the University of Sydney. He became a teacher, and rose to become President of the Teachers Federation of New South Wales. In 1922 he stood for election to the Australian House of Representatives, and won the new seat of Barton for the Labor Party. His main opponent was Hector Lamond, who had been the Nationalist member for the abolished seat of Illawarra.

In the 1925 election, McDonald was narrowly defeated by Nationalist candidate Thomas Ley. McDonald took the result to court, claiming that Ley had tried to bribe him, asking him not to put in his nomination papers. However, on 15 April 1926 McDonald disappeared on his way to a meeting with New South Wales Premier Jack Lang. They were planning to have the election result declared void. Neither McDonald's body nor his brief case were ever found. 

Thomas Ley was found guilty of murder in England, but it was decided he was insane. He was sent to Broadmoor Hospital, where he died. It is believed that Ley was responsible for McDonald's disappearance. He is also suspected of being involved in the suspicious deaths of other of his political opponents.

Aster Yohannes

Aster Yohannes is the wife of an Eritrean political activist. In 2016, Samantha Power, the U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., named her one of twenty women political prisoners in the Free the 20 campaign.

Yohannes' husband, Petros Solomon, is a member of the G-15, a group of politicians who called for reforms. He was arrested in 2001. Yohannes was arrested in 2003, when she returned from the United States. She was never accused of a crime or tried in a court. No one knows where she is.

Aster Yohannes and Petros Solomon fought for the Eritrean People's Liberation Front. They helped Eritrea get independence from Ethiopia in 1993. Solomon was the Minister of Marine Resources in the Eritrean government.

When her husband was arrested, Aster Yohannes was studying in the USA. After she graduated, she returned to Eritrea to be with her children. The Eritrean government told her she would not be arrested. When she arrived in Eritrea in December 2003, she was arrested at Asmara International Airport. They took her to Karchele security prison in Asmara. She did not see her children. They did not let her speak to her family. Her health is not good. She has asthma and a heart problem.

Tocopilla

Tocopilla is a city and commune in the Antofagasta region in the north of Chile. It is the capital of the province of Tocopilla.

The commune of Tocopilla has an area of .

The commune is bordered on the north by the Tarapacá region, on the east by the María Elena commune, on the south by the Antofagasta province and on the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 23,986 people living in the commune, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The inhabitants of Tocopilla are known as "Tocopillian"; in Spanish, "tocopillano" for men and"Tocopillana" for women.


Damian Lillard

Damian Lamonte Ollie Lillard Sr. (born July 15, 1990) is a professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has also played for the Portland Trail Blazers.

In 2014, he made a game winning buzzer beater in game 6 against the Houston Rockets to help the Blazers win the playoff series. It was the first time the Blazers had won a playoff series in 14 years. 

He has been selected twice for the NBA All-Star Game. In 2014, he became the first player ever to compete in all 5 All-Star Weekend events. He competed in the 3-Point Contest, Slam Dunk Contest, Skills Challenge, Rising Stars Challenge, and the All-Star Game.

On September 27, 2023, Lillard was involved in a three-team trade which sent Lillard to the Milwaukee Bucks, Jrue Holiday, Deandre Ayton, Toumani Camara and a 2029 first-round draft pick to the Blazers, and Grayson Allen, Jusuf Nurkić, Nassir Little, and Keon Johnson to the Phoenix Suns.

Niedersimmental District

The district of Niedersimmental in the Swiss canton of Bern has 9 municipalities in an area of 306 km².

Oberhasli (district)

The district of Oberhasli in the Swiss canton of Bern has 6 municipalities in an area of 551.0 km².

Obersimmental District

The district of Obersimmental in the Swiss canton of Bern has 4 municipalities in an area of 334 km².

Saanen District

The district of Saanen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 3 municipalities in an area of 241 km².

Schwarzenburg District

The district of Schwarzenburg in the Swiss canton of Bern has 4 municipalities in an area of 157 km².

Seftigen District

The district of Seftigen in the Swiss canton of Bern has 26 municipalities in an area of 189 km².

Signau District

The district of Signau in the Swiss canton of Bern has 9 municipalities in an area of 320 km².

Thun District

Thun was a district in the Swiss canton of Bern. It had 26 municipalities in an area of 267 km².

Big Hero 6

Big Hero 6 may refer to:


Trachselwald District

Trachselwald was a district in the Swiss canton of Bern. It had 10 municipalities in an area of 191 km².

Wangen District

The district of Wangen was one of the 26 districts in the canton of Bern, Switzerland. It had an area of 129 km².

Bern-Mittelland (administrative district)

The administrative district of Bern-Mittelland in the Swiss canton of Bern has 98 municipalities in an area of 947 km².

Year 100 problem

The Year 100 problem (also known as the Y1C problem, Y1C Bug, and Y1C) was a problem. It happened because some early computer programs of Taiwan were made to handle only years containing 2 digits of the Minguo calendar system, and people started fearing that date-related processing would happen incorrectly for dates and times after December 31 2010. The event caused a big concern that very important industries (such as electricity or financial) and government functions would stop working at exactly midnight, January 1 2011, and on other critical dates which were called "event horizons". 

However, the government sector restricted themselves to using the Minguo calendar system, so it didn't affect most of the private sector. More people were panicked by press coverage and other media reports, as well as corporate and government reports. Companies and organisations in Taiwan had to check and upgrade their computer systems. 

The preparation for Y1C thus had a huge effect on the computer industry. No major computer failures occurred when the year changed to 100. Debate continues on whether the absence of computer failures was the result of the preparation undertaken or whether the problem had been bigger than expected.

Year 100 was 2011 in Minguo calendars. Taiwan started use of Minguo calendar from 1912.


Frank E. Sagendorph, 2nd

Frank Elijah Sagendorph, 2nd (March 28, 1883 – May 5, 1972) was a leading Philadelphia industrialist and president of the Penn Metal Corporation of Pennsylvania, also known as Penco, which was headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Frank Elijah Sagendorph, 2d, was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was six years old in 1889 when his family moved to Philadelphia. He was the second son of L. Lewis Sagendorph and Catherine Crainor. He was a Republican in politics, and was a member of the vestry of the Protestant Episcopal Church of St. John the Evangelist in Lansdowne, Pennsylvania.

Frank E. Sagendorph, 2d, married Elizabeth Hagy on October 3, 1905 at Lansdowne, Pennsylvania. They had three children, William L Sagendorph, Frank E. Sagendorph 3rd, and Suzanne Sagendorph Welsh.

Frank E. Sagendorph, 2nd died May 5, 1972 and was buried at Arlington Cemetery in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania.


L. Lewis Sagendorph

L. Lewis Sagendorph (September 26, 1842 - April 13, 1909) was an American inventor and leading manufacturer of sheet metal products in the late 19th and very early 20th centuries. He founded what later became the Penn Metal Company in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Longley Lewis Sagendorph, Jr. was born in Hudson, New York and later moved to Rhode Island where he served in the with the 10th Rhode Island Regiment in the American Civil War. L. Lewis Sagendorph was buried at West Laurel Hill Cemetery, Philadelphia.


Adam Basanta

Adam Basanta (born 1985) is a Canadian sound artist and experimental composer. 

Basanta most often makes sound sculptures. In 2013 Basanta got a honorable mention in the Hybrid Art category at the Prix Ars Electronica.

Basanta's work has been shown in Canada Prague, New York City and London.

Pennsylvania rifle

The Pennsylvania rifle, which from about 1815 on became almost universally known as the Kentucky rifle, is a special American gun. For decades in American History, it was the best shooting long-distance rifle in America. The Pennsylvania rifle was the product of German gun makers who moved to Pennsylvania hundreds of years ago. This was in the early 1700s. Settlers and people who lived on frontiers started to really like the gun. One of the early frontiers was Kentucky. People like Daniel Boone used the gun there. So the rifle started to be known as the "Kentucky rifle". 

The Pennsylvania rifle developed from earlier and much heavier Jaeger rifle which were brought to the American colonies by German gunsmiths. The Jager rifle was a short, heavy rifle that fired a large caliber bullet. It was designed for hunting in Europe by the well to do. Like the longer and heavier smoothbore muskets of the time, both were not well suited for hunting in America. 

These gunsmiths centered their activities around Lancaster County, Pennsylvania for a number of good reasons. It was an important crossroads for trade at the time. It lay between Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and the wilderness to the west. The area also had large iron ore deposits for gun barrels and hardwood forests for gun stocks. The product that evolved from the earlier gun designs could shoot up to five times farther. The Pennsylvania rifle could accurately hit targets at . From about 1730 and through the War of 1812, the Pennsylvania rifle was the preferred long range rifle in America.

During the American Revolutionary War companies of Pennsylvania riflemen created disruption behind the British lines. Well out of range of the British Brown Bess smoothbore musket, militiamen and snipers could target individual soldiers and officers from a long distance. George Washington was delighted to have these men equipped with their Pennsylvania rifles. Most soldiers used the musket because it was much easier and quicker to load in battle. But an American sharpshooter with his long rifle could pick off a British general who thought he was far enough away from the battle to be safe. This could and did change the outcome of several battles. Ashley Halsey Jr. wrote:
The sharpshooters who carried these weapons are part of American history and myth. But they most certainly did exist and played an important part in battles such as the Battle of Saratoga in 1777 and the Battle of New Orleans in 1815.

There have been a number of names applied to this rifle and the name depended on where it was used. Whether the design was called a Kentucky rifle, a Schimmel, southern poor boys or a Tennessee rifle, many have consistently been manufactured in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. A typical rifle of this design had a barrel from to in length. It was .50 caliber (13 mm) and had a stock made of curly maple. The stock fully supported the barrel. It had a crescent-shaped buttplate, a patch box and a cheekpiece were also common. Early models used a flintlock firing mechanism while later models used the percussion cap. The barrels were rifled. 

Daniel Boone's rifle is a typical example of a Pennsylvania rifle. It was 5 feet, 3 inches long (160cm). It was .44 caliber and fired a ball that weighed about . The gun weighed . Using a bullet mold, Boone could get about 55 lead balls from a single pound (0.45 kg) of lead. To fire a ball this size would require only about a thimble-full of black powder.

In a situation where there might be Hand-to-hand fighting, the Pennsylvania rifle was too delicate to use as a club. Striking it against anything could cause the stock to break. The long thin wrought iron barrel was relatively soft could be easily bent. Frontiersmen knew this and were careful not to damage their main hunting weapon. In battle, it took twice as long to reload a Pennsylvania rifle as it did the Brown Bess musket. Worse, due to the barrel length, the shooter almost had to stand up to carefully measure the powder, load the ball and patch, and tamp it down with a ramrod. It is no wonder Pennsylvania riflemen hid behind trees so as not to expose themselves to enemy fire. The main weapon during the Revolutionary war was the musket on both sides. Fewer than 10% of the American soldiers carried a long rifle.


Company (military unit)

A Company is a Military Unit. It usually has 80 to 250 soldiers. A company is usually led by a captain or a major or another officer. Most companies are comprised of three to six platoons, although the exact number may vary by country and type of unit (infantry, armor, etc.). Several companies are grouped to form a battalion or regiment. In the United States military, before the September 11 attacks, companies trained in conventional warfare for basic offensive and defensive operations. Since then companies have had to train for a much wider variety of tasks. These may include humanitarian aid missions, providing security and maintaining order in an area. Different elements in an army may assign different tasks or have different names for a company. For example, a corps of engineering such as the Royal Engineers use the term squadron for a company. In artillery units (as well as some other examples), the name "company" may be replaced by the name "battery" or “troop”. There is one specialized Company in the United States Army. It is the 911th Technical Rescue Engineering Company.

Selçuk İnan

Selçuk İnan(born 10 February 1985) is a Turkish football player. He plays for Galatasaray and Turkey national team.

Arrondissements of the Vienne department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Vienne department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Vienne are:

Since its creation, the Vienne department has had some changes:


Hakan Balta

Hakan Balta (born 23 March 1983 in Berlin) is a retired Turkish football player. He played for Galatasaray and the Turkey national team.

Arrondissement of Châtellerault

The arrondissement of Châtellerault is an arrondissement of France, in the Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Châtellerault.

When the Vienne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Châtellerault was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Châtellerault is in northern Vienne and is bordered to the northwest by the Maine-et-Loire department, to the north and east by the Indre-et-Loire department, to the southeast by the Indre department (a small part) and the "arrondissement" of Montmorillon, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Poitiers and to the west by the Deux-Sèvres department.

It has an area of . It has 112,313 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Châtellerault, there are 4 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Châtellerault-1, Châtellerault-2, Châtellerault-3 and Loudun. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Châtellerault has 92 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Gunsmith

A gunsmith is someone who makes and or designs guns. The job of a gunsmith is similar, but not the same as an armorer. The origin of the word gunsmith dates back to the 1580s.

The first firearms can be dated to about the 1200s in China. In Europe, the first gun barrels were made by p Italian craftsmen. But gunsmithing was new in the Middle Ages. For a long time they did not have their own guilds and many joined blacksmiths’ guilds. By the mid-1400s, there were enough gunsmiths to form their own guilds. One of the first was in 1463 in Suhl, Germany. England did not develop gunsmiths as quickly as other European countries and to change this, King Henry VIII invited leading gunsmiths in Europe to come live and work in England. Many accepted and not long afterwards more gun shops began appearing in England. Several appeared in London near the Tower of London, which held the country's stockpile of guns. Soon they were training English citizens in this new trade.
Before the American Revolutionary War in the American colonies, gunsmithing was a time-consuming process. Gunsmiths were generally gun makers who repaired their own weapons for their customers. These gunmakers came to the American colonies along with other craftsmen from England, and later from Germany and Switzerland. These were countries with long histories of gun making. Gunsmiths learned their trade by becoming an apprentice to an established gunsmith or gun maker. They worked from their adolescence into early adulthood before they could open a shop of their own. Handguns were relatively cheap and were made in large shops in England. So American gunsmiths repaired and modified imported pistols. However, muskets and rifles were not imported as much and local gunsmiths would custom make these for their customers. Their work included carving stocks, engraving metal pieces, and forging gun barrels. It could take as many as 400 hours to create guns by hand. Soon entirely new guns were created such as the Pennsylvania rifle (later called the "Kentucky rifle"). This was the product of German gunsmiths who immigrated to Pennsylvania in the early 18th century. It was lighter, longer and more accurate than European designs. The rifle soon became the favorite of colonial settlers and Frontiersmen.

About the middle of the 18th century, gunsmith Honoré Blanc developed the concept of interchangeable parts for muskets. Blanc tried to interest other European gunsmiths, but they were not impressed by the idea. But he did interest the American Ambassador to France, Thomas Jefferson. Jefferson quickly saw that mass production of weapons parts would free America from dependence on European sources for parts. He could not get Blanc to move to the United States but he did convince President George Washington it was a good idea. In 1798, Eli Whitney got the first contract for 12,000 muskets built under the new system. Whitney used a large force of unskilled workers and machinery to produce standardized identical parts at a low cost. This was about the time Gun manufacturers began to be distinguished from gunsmiths.

Long a part of American history and culture, gunsmithing is an occupation with a long history. Today, the way to become a gunsmith is to attend a gunsmithing school or take gunsmithing classes. There are several gunsmithing schools in the US and also online schools.

The following schools are accredited by the National Rifle Association of America:

Additional schools include:


In the United Kingdom, there are gunsmithing schools. Another path to becoming a gunsmith is through apprenticeship. At times, larger gun makers or repairers may take on someone to learn the trade. These positions are not usually advertised and are often discovered by word of mouth or through friends or family. Smaller gunmakers and gunsmiths cannot usually afford to take on an apprentice.


Mehmet Topal

Mehmet Topal (born 3 March 1986) is a Turkish football player. He plays for Fenerbahçe and Turkey national team.

Binali Yıldırım

Binali Yıldırım (born 20 December 1954) is a Turkish politician who was the 27th Prime Minister of Turkey and the leader of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) from May 2016 to 2018. He was the Minister of Transport, Maritime and Communication from 2002 to 2013 and again between 2015 and 2016. Between 2014 and 2015, he served as Senior Advisor to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.

Arrondissement of Montmorillon

The arrondissement of Montmorillon is an arrondissement of France, in the Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Montmorillon.

When the Vienne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Montmorillon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Montmorillon is in southern Vienne and is bordered to the north by the other two "arrondissements" of the departmentː Poitiers to the nortwest and Châtellerault to the northeast. The "arrondissement" is also surrounded by the Indre department to the east, the Haute-Vienne department to the southeast, the Charente to the south and the Deux-Sèvres department to the west.

It has an area of . It has 74,852 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km². It is the "arrondissement" of Vienne with fewest people in it but is the one with the largest area.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Montmorillon, there are 2 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Civray and Lussac-les-Châteaux. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Montmorillon has 95 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

List of programs broadcast by Playhouse Disney

This is a list of television programs broadcast by Playhouse Disney in the United States, now known as Disney Junior.


Arrondissement of Poitiers

The arrondissement of Poitiers is an arrondissement of France, in the Vienne department, Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its capital is the city of Poitiers.

When the Vienne department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Poitiers was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Poitiers is in western Vienne and is bordered to the north and northeast by the "arrondissement" Châtellerault, to east and south by the "arrondissement" Montmorillon, and to the west by the Deux-Sèvres department.

It has an area of . It has 246,038 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km². It is the "arrondissement" of Vienne with more people living in it but is the one with the smallest area.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Poitiers, there are 8 cantons whose "communes" are in the "arrondissement": Chasseneuil-du-Poitou, Migné-Auxances, Poitiers-1, Poitiers-2, Poitiers-3, Poitiers-4, Poitiers-5, Vivonne and Vouneuil-sous-Biard. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Poitiers has 87 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː

Ozan Tufan

Ozan Tufan (born 23 March 1995) is a Turkish football player. He plays for Fenerbahçe and Turkey national team.

Jura bernois (administrative district)

The administrative district of Jura bernois in the canton of Bern has 49 municipalities in an area of 541.75 km².

Ashton Gate Stadium

Ashton Gate Stadium is the home of Bristol City F.C. and the Bristol Bears RFC.
Its capacity is 27,000. The ground was renovated in 2014 which increased the number of seats by 6000.

Door bolt

A door bolt is a type of lock that is used to keep doors shut. They are often fastened with padlocks for extra security.

