Edmund Kean

Edmund Kean (4 November 1787 – 15 May 1833) was a British Shakespearean stage actor born in England.

Kean was born in Westminster, London. His father was Edmund Kean, an architect’s assistant, and his mother, Anne Carey, was an actress. His mother was the daughter of the 18th-century composer and playwright Henry Carey.

Kean starting acting at the age of four, as a Cupid in Jean-Georges Noverre’s ballet of "Cymon". As a child, his cheerfulness made him a universal favourite, but his background and lack of discipline, helped him develop independence and stubborn habits. In 1794, a few kind-hearted people paid for his school fees. Even though he did well in school, he found it unbearable. As such, he decided to work as a cabin boy at Portsmouth. Finding life at sea even more limiting, he pretended to be deaf and lame so skilfully that he managed to trick the doctors at Madeira.

After returning to England, he requested for the protection of his uncle, Moses Kean, an entertainer, who introduced Kean to the study of Shakespeare. At the same time, Miss Charlotte Tidswell, an actress who had been especially kind to him since he was young, taught him the basics of acting.

When his uncle died, Miss Charlotte was responsible in looking after Kean, and he began studying the main characters of Shakespeare. Kean displayed the creativeness of his mind by acting in a very different way from John Philip Kemble, an actor for many Shakespearean characters. A Mrs Clarke adopted Kean for his talents and appearance, but he was upset about a visitor's comments and suddenly left her house and went back to Miss Charlotte.

At the young age of 14, Kean was hired to act as main characters for 20 nights in the York Theatre, acting as Hamlet, Hastings and Cato. While he was at Richardson's Theatre, a travelling theatre company, the news of his talents reached George III, who ordered him to be at Windsor Castle. Kean later joined Saunders's circus, where while performaning as a horse rider, he fell and broke both legs. The accident left swelling on his foot throughout his life.

Kean learned music from Charles Incledon, dancing from D’Egville, and fencing from Angelo. 

In 1807, he had a chance to act in leading parts at the Belfast theatre with Sarah Siddons, who began by calling him "a horrid little man" and changed to saying that he "played very, very well," but that "there was too little of him to make a great actor" after seeing his abilities.

The next year, Kean joined Samuel Butler's provincial troupe and went on to marry Mary Chambers of Waterford, a leading actress, on 17 July. His wife gave birth to two sons, one of whom was actor Charles Kean.

For several years, Kean's career had little chances to grow. But in 1814, the committee of Drury Lane Theatre, which was about to go bankrupt, decided to give Kean a chance among the "experiments" they were making to gain more popularity. When the hope of his first appearance in London got higher, he was so nervous that he exclaimed, "If I succeed I shall go mad." As he was unable to pay for his elder son's medical treatment for some time, his son died the day after Kean signed the three-year Drury Lane contract.

His appearance at the Drury Lane Theatre on 26 January 1814 as Shylock left the audience enthusiastic. People recognised that Kean had brought self-respect and humanity to his role of the character. Jane Austen refered to his popularity in a letter she wrote to her sister, Cassandra, on 2 March 1814: "Places are secured at Drury
Lane for Saturday, but so great is the rage for seeing Kean that only a third and fourth row could be got". 
Appearances in "Richard III", "Hamlet", "Othello", "Macbeth" and "King Lear" demonstrated his ability to control his range of emotions. His joy was so great that he himself said, "I could not feel the stage under me."
In 1817, Charles Bucke, a local playwright, submitted his play "The Italians, or; The Fatal Accusation" to Drury Lane, for which Kean was to play the main role. The play was well received by everyone until Kean said that his part was too small for him. Then, after a performance in February 1819 where Kean went to make a mess at the opening night of "Switzerland" by historical novelist Jane Porter, for whom Kean had had a personal dislike, Bucke pulled the play out of disrespect for Kean's actions.

After much persuasion to still perform the play by the theater staff, Mr. Bucke then later had it republished with a introduction concerning the incident, including parts of conversation between the involved parties, which was later questioned in two books, "The Assailant Assailed" and "A Defense of Edmund Kean, Esq." The result was embarassment on both sides and the play being performed anyway on 3 April 1819 to a terrible reception thanks to the dispute already surrounding the play and Kean's previous conduct.

On 29 November 1820, Kean appeared for the first time in New York City as Richard III. The success of his visit to America was unmistakable, although he fell into a annoying dispute with the news media. In 1821, Kean appeared in Boston with Mary Ann Duff in "The Distrest Mother", by Ambrose Philips, an adaptation of Racine's Andromaque. On 4 June 1821, he returned to England.

Kean was the first to fix the terrible ending to Shakespeare's "King Lear", which had been replaced on stage since 1681 by Nahum Tate's happy ending adaptation "The History of King Lear". Kean had previously acted as Tate's Lear, but told his wife that the London audience "have no notion of what I can do till they see me over the dead body of Cordelia." Kean played as Lear for a few performances. They were not well received, though one critic described his dying scene as "deeply affecting", and with regret, he changed back to Tate.

Kean's lifestyle disrupted his career. As a result of his relationship with Charlotte Cox, the wife of a London city council member, Kean was sued by Mr Cox for criminal conversation (adultery). Kean was ordered to pay £800 to Mr Cox by a jury that only discussed for just 10 minutes. "The Times" launched a violent attack on him. The decision in the criminal conversation case of Cox v. Kean on 17 January 1825 caused his wife to leave him, and caused him to have such bitter feeling that he was boo-ed and attacked with fruits when he re-appeared at Drury Lane and nearly decided to retire permanently into private life. For many years, he lived at Keydell House, Horndean.

The purpose of Kean's second visit to America in 1825 was due to the repeated abuse he suffered in England. Some cities showed him a spirit of charity; many audiences submitted him to insults and even violence. In Quebec City, he was amazed with the kindness of some Huron Indians who went to his performances. He was made an honorary (unofficial) chief of the tribe, receiving the name "Alanienouidet". Kean's last appearance in New York was on 5 December 1826 in "Richard III", playing the same role in which he first acted in America.

When Kean returned to England, he was received with favour in the end. However, his heavy reliance on the use of stimulants caused him his talents. Still, his great powers was successful during the moments of his creativity over the absolute ruin of his physical potential. His appearance in Paris was a failure due to being drunk.

His last appearance on the stage was at Covent Garden on 15 March 1833, when he played in "Othello. When saying "Villain, be sure," in scene 3 of act iii, Kean suddenly started crying in a stammered voice "O God, I am dying. Speak to them, Charles," fell unconscious into his son, Charles Kean's, arms. He died in Surrey in 1833, and is honoured in the Parish Church where there is a memorial tablet on the floor, marking his grave and a wall plaque originally on the outside but moved inside and heavily restored during restoration work in 1904. He is buried in the parish church of All Saints, in the village of Catherington, Hampshire. His last words were claimed to have been "dying is easy; comedy is hard." In Dublin, Gustavus Vaughan Brooke acted as William Tell after Kean's death.

As stated in the "Encyclopædia Britannica" Eleventh Edition, it was in the impression of the great creations of Shakespeare's fine mind that the varied beauty and magnificence of the acting of Kean were displayed in their highest form, although probably his most powerful character was Sir Giles Overreach in Philip Massinger’s "A New Way to Pay Old Debts", the effect of his first performance of which was such that the pit rose altogether, and even the actors and actresses themselves were defeated by the terrific dramatic illusion. His main disadvantage as an actor was his height. Coleridge said, "Seeing him act was like reading Shakespeare by flashes of lightning."

His strangeness at the height of his fame were numerous. Sometimes he would carelessly ride on his horse, Shylock, throughout the night. He was offered a tame lion with which he might be found playing in his drawing-room.

Prize-fighters Mendoza and Richmond the Black were among his visitors and Henry Grattan was his loyal friend.

In his earlier days, François Talma said of Kean, "He is a magnificent uncut gem; polish and round him off and he will be a perfect tragedian." William Macready, who was amazed by Kean's "Richard III", met the actor at supper, speaks of his "unassuming manner ... partaking in some degree of shyness" and of the "touching grace" of his singing. Kean's way of saying "I answer—No!" while acting as Sir Edward Mortimer in "The Iron Chest", made Macready know that he had no chance of getting the role from Kean. Kean's life was so full of dramatic interest that it was the subject (topic) for the play "Kean" by Jean-Paul Sartre as well as a play by Alexandre Dumas, entitled "Kean, ou Désordre et génie", where actor Frédérick Lemaître achieved one of his greatest success. In 1924, director Alexandre Volkoff made play by Alexandre Dumas into a French silent feature film with Russian actor Ivan Mosjoukine, who was then living in Paris, as the lead actor.

Quite a number of theatrical works have been based on Kean's life, such as:

Peter O'Toole, a well-known 20th century British theatre and film actor, owned a ring that had once belonged to Kean, and he used the ring as a muse (insipration) for the writing of the second part of his autobiography "Loitering With Intent: The Apprentice" (1997). O'Toole said the line, "dying is easy; comedy is hard" and credited it to the last words of Kean in the 1982 movie "My Favorite Year".



Sanctuary city

A sanctuary city is a city that does not help its country's immigration police.

Sanctuary cities say they wish to cut down fear of deportation and possible family breakups with people who are in a country illegally. That's so that such people may be willing to report a crime and send their children to school.

Some states, such as Alabama, Iowa, Mississippi, Georgia, Missouri and Florida do not allow sanctuary cities. Others, such as Connecticut, Rhode Island, Illinois New York, Colorado and California allow sanctuary cities.

In early 2018, a Chicago federal judge said that the Trump administration could "not" withhold public safety grants to sancutary cities. Those decisions were seen as a setback to the Trump administration efforts for helping authorities police illegal immigrants.

Rafting

Rafting is an outdoor sport in which a person uses an inflatable raft to navigate a river or other body of water. This is often done on rough water. This usually requires teamwork. Rafting is a dangerous sport. People can die while rafting. Rafting is also a competitive sport. 

Rafting goes back to 1811 when the first attempt to go on the Snake River was planned. With no training, the river was too difficult and dangerous.

The International Scale of River Difficulty use six grades of difficulty to describe rivers for white water rafting. The scale ranges from simple to very dangerous and potential death or serious injuries.


Doom 64

Doom 64 is a video game that first came out only on the Nintendo 64, but can now be played on today's video game consoles. It is a direct sequel to Doom 2, making it the third part of the Doom story. This is ironic because the story of Doom 3 is not related to Doom or Doom 2, but it is a reboot, which means it is a new start to the Doom story.

Doom 64 has all the same weapons and monsters from Doom 2, but it has a few more new types of monsters and a new weapon, the Unmaker. The weapons and monsters look a little different from the earlier games, but there are fewer differences than in Doom 3. Other than the new graphics and new weapon, the gameplay was not much different from the earlier Doom games. It came out in 1997, but the game did not sell well because many popular FPS games came out that same year, including GoldenEye 007, Quake II, , and . However, the game does have a cult following and fans had made unlicensed mods on the PC and other video game consoles. Due to its popularity, Bethesda announced during Nintendo Direct 2019 that it would sell the game digitally on the Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and Steam on November 22, 2019. However, it was delayed until March 20, 2020, so that it could be sold the same day as Doom Eternal, the sequel to Doom (2016). It was the same game, but the lighting of the game was fixed, which was a major criticism of the N64 version of the game.

Mystic, Connecticut

Mystic is a U.S. village and census-designated place (CDP) in Groton and Stonington, Connecticut. Mystic has no independent government because it is not a municipality in the state of Connecticut.

Historically, Mystic was a leading seaport of the area. The story of Mystic's nautical background is told at Mystic Seaport, the nation's largest maritime museum, which has preserved a number of sailing ships, such as the whaling ship "Charles W. Morgan". The village is located on the Mystic River, which flows into Long Island Sound, giving access to the sea. The Mystic River Bascule Bridge crosses the river in the center of the village. According to the Mystic River Historical Society, the name "Mystic" comes from the Pequot words ""missi-tuk"" as describing a large river whose waters are driven into waves by tides or wind. The population was 4,348 at the 2020 census.

Reboot (fiction)

A reboot is a new start on a fictional universe that already exists. Some of the same themes may exist, but the story of the reboot is unrelated to earlier parts of the story. An example of this is the movie "Batman Begins". Even though it is set in the Batman universe, the story has no relation to any of the earlier Batman movies made by Tim Burton and Joel Schumacher. In video games, an example of this is "". Even though the game is still about a half-demon named Dante, like in the first game, the game's story has no relation to the earlier "Devil May Cry" games, and Dante in DmC has a very different look and personality from the earlier Dante.

A reboot is different from a remake because a remake is a retelling of a story that already exists. For example, the James Bond movie "Never Say Never Again" is a remake of "Thunderball". "Never Say Never Again" is a retelling same story as "Thunderball", but it is only a little different. In video games, an example of a remake is "", which has the same story as the first "Metroid" game, but it has more detailed graphics, new Power Suit abilities, and an entirely new area that is playable after the part of the game where the first game ended.

David Denman

David Denman (born July 25, 1973) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Roy Anderson, the ex-fiancé of Pam Beesly on the NBC sitcom "The Office", for which he earned a SAG award as a member of the ensemble cast.

Molly Gloss

Molly Gloss (born November 20, 1944) is an American writer. She writes mostly historical fiction and science fiction.

Gloss grew up in rural Oregon. She began writing seriously when she became a mother. She now lives in Portland, Oregon. She was close friends with fellow science fiction writer Ursula K. Le Guin. Gloss has taught writing and literature of the American West at Portland State University, and was visiting professor at Pacific University's MFA in Writing program.






Monongalia County, West Virginia

Monongalia County is a county in West Virginia. It is the 3rd most populated in West Virginia with the 2020 census reporting that 105,822 people lived in Monongalia County. The county seat is Morgantown, West Virginia the home of West Virginia University.

Writ of election

A writ of election is a writ [rit/] issued ordering the holding of an election.

In Canada, a writ is the "only" way of holding an election for the House of Commons. When the Government wants to or is required to dissolve Parliament, a writ of election is drawn up for each riding in Canada by the Chief Electoral Officer. They are then formally issued by the Governor General.

Where a single seat becomes vacant, a writ is also issued to trigger the by-election for that seat.

Canada Elections Act

The Canada Elections Act () is an Act (law) of the Parliament of Canada which regulates the election of members of parliament to the House of Commons of Canada.

The "Canada Election Act" limits spending on election advertising by interest groups. It was upheld by the Supreme Court of Canada in 2004,

It also sets out various provisions regarding the publication or broadcast of election advertising and election results.

In 2003, the "Act" was extended to cover the nomination contests of registered political parties. In 2007, it was amended to fix the future election dates, normally every 4 years.

Mercedes Mason

Mercedes Mason (; formerly Masöhn; born 1982/1983) is a Swedish-American actress. She is known for her role as Zondra in the American television series "Chuck" and the role of Isabel Zambada in the American drama "The Finder".

Charlie Silvera

Charles Anthony Ryan Silvera (October 13, 1924 – September 7, 2019) was an American Major League Baseball player and coach. He was part of six World Series championships with the New York Yankees. He played for the team between 1948 through 1956. He later played for the Chicago Cubs in 1957. He was a scout for the Atlanta Braves

Silvera was born in San Francisco, California. He died on September 7, 2019 in Millbrae, California at the age of 94.

Stefano Delle Chiaie

Stefano Delle Chiaie (13 September 1936 – 10 September 2019) was an Italian neofascist activist. He was the founder of "Avanguardia Nazionale", a member of "Ordine Nuovo", and founder of Lega nazionalpopolare. 

He was a friend of Licio Gelli, grandmaster of P2 masonic lodge. He was suspected of involvement in South America's Operation Condor, but was acquitted. 

Delle Chiaie died on 10 September 2019 at a Rome hospital at the age of 82.


Christopher James, 5th Baron Northbourne

Christopher George Walter James, 5th Baron Northbourne, 6th Baronet, DL, FRICS (18 February 1926 – 8 September 2019) was a British farmer and aristocrat. He was one of the ninety hereditary peers elected to remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999 until his retirement in 2018, and sat as a crossbencher.

He died on 8 September 2019 at the age of 93.

Millbrae, California

Millbrae is a city in San Mateo County, California, United States, just west of San Francisco Bay, with San Bruno on the north and Burlingame on the south. The population was 23,216 at the 2020 census.

Robert Frank

Robert Frank (November 9, 1924 – September 9, 2019) was a Swiss-American photographer and documentary filmmaker. His most notable work was the 1958 book titled "The Americans". He was seen as a modern-day de Tocqueville. Frank later expanded into movies and video and experimented with manipulating photographs and photomontage. He was born in Zürich.

Frank died on September 9, 2019 in Inverness, Nova Scotia at the age of 94.

Alexis de Tocqueville

Alexis Charles-Henri-Maurice Clérel, Viscount de Tocqueville (; ; 29 July 180516 April 1859) was a French diplomat, political scientist and historian. He was best known for his works "Democracy in America" (appearing in two volumes, 1835 and 1840) and "The Old Regime and the Revolution" (1856).

Mary Frank

Mary Frank (née Lockspeiser; born 4 February 1933) is an English artist. She is known primarily as a sculptor, painter, printmaker, draftswoman and illustrator.



June Leaf

June Leaf (born 1929) is an American artist. She is known for her abstract allegorical paintings and drawings. She also works in modernist kinetic sculpture.

She married filmmaker and photographer, Robert Frank in 1971.

Her work is included in many permanent art collections including, the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Art Institute of Chicago, Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago, Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), Minneapolis Institute of Art, and other.


Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago

The Museum of Contemporary Art (MCA) Chicago is a contemporary art museum near Water Tower Place in downtown Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States. 

The museum, which was created in 1967. It is one of the world's largest contemporary art venues. The museum's collection is made up of thousands of objects of Post-World War II visual art. 

The museum is run gallery-style, with individually curated exhibitions throughout the year. Each exhibition may be composed of temporary loans, pieces from their permanent collection, or a combination of the two.

Jonathan Bush

Jonathan James Bush (May 6, 1931 – May 5, 2021) was an American banker. He was born in Greenwich, Connecticut. Bush was the brother of President George H. W. Bush and uncle of President George W. Bush. His son, Billy Bush is a television personality.

Bush founded J. Bush & Co., which provided discreet banking services for the Washington, D.C., embassies of foreign governments for many years. In 1997, Riggs Bank bought J. Bush & Co. and made Bush CEO & President of Riggs Investment, a firm based in New Haven, Connecticut.

Bush died one day before his 90th birthday on May 5, 2021. At the time of his death, he was the last surviving child of Prescott Bush and Dorothy Walker Bush.

Billy Bush

William Hall Bush (born October 13, 1971) is an American former radio and current television host. He is a member of the Bush family, which includes two former U.S. presidents and other political figures.

After appearing as a correspondent on "Access Hollywood" from 2001 to 2004, Bush became a primary anchor of the program in 2004. Bush also hosted "The Billy Bush Show" from 2008 to 2014. 

In October 2016, during the presidential election, he was part of the controversy when the 2005 "Access Hollywood" recording surfaced of him and presidential candidate Donald Trump having a lewd conversation. Bush was fired from "Today" shortly afterwards.

Fred McLeod (sportscaster)

Fred McLeod (1952 – September 9, 2019) was an American sportscaster. He was the executive producer of multimedia, and television play-by-play announcer for the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

McLeod died on September 9, 2019 at the age of 67.


Strongsville, Ohio

Strongsville is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States, and a suburb of Cleveland. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 46,491.

Strongsville is 15 miles from Cleveland in the southwestern corner of Cuyahoga County, bounded by Lorain County on the west, Medina County on the south, Berea and Middleburg HTS. on the north, and North Royalton on the east.

It was incorporated as the Village of Strongsville in 1927 and became a city in 1960, operating under the mayor-council form of government. The city was originally Strongsville Twp., organized in 1818. Occupying 25 sq. mi., it has the second-largest area of the cities in Cuyahoga County. The township was named after John Stoughton Strong, an early pioneer and land agent from Vermont.

2008 Belizean general election

A general election was held in the Nation of Belize on 7 February 2008. Beginning with the Election, Belizeans elected 31 members to the House of Representatives of Belize instead of 29. In what was considered an upset, the main Opposition party United Democratic Party (UDP) won the election with 25 out of 31 seats; the ruling People’s United Party (PUP) won six.

House of Representatives (Belize)

The House of Representatives of Belize is one of the two chambers of the National Assembly, the other being the Senate. It was created under the 1981 constitution by Prime minister, George Cadle Price. Members are commonly called “Area Representatives” rather than Member of Parliaments (MPs).

Area Representatives are Elected by winning a majority of votes in their respective Constituencies under the First-past-the-post voting system. In addition, they must also win above 50% of the vote to be elected. The body is directly descended from the British Honduras Legislative Assembly created in 1954 with nine elected members. It had been expended several times since: to 18 in 1961, 28 in 1984, 29 in 1994 and finally 31 in 2008. The Leader of the majority Party in the Belize House typically becomes Prime Minister of Belize. However, if that Leader rejects to be Prime minister he/she can appoint a new Leader of the party or appoint any senior member of the Party, who served as a Cabinet minister in the past. 

Current members of the House of Representatives by district 

The elected representatives and their constituencies according to the Elections and Boundaries Department are: 





Bandwidth

Bandwidth has several related meanings:


Bandwidth may also refer to:

Han Kuo-yu

Daniel Han Kuo-yu (; born 17 June 1957) is a Taiwanese politician. He was a member of the Legislative Yuan from 1993 to 2002, representing a portion of Taipei County for three terms. He later became general manager of Taipei Agricultural Products Marketing Corporation.

In 2017, Han ran for the Kuomintang chairmanship, losing to Wu Den-yih. Han was elected Mayor of Kaohsiung in November 2018, and became the first Kuomintang politician since Wu in 1998 to hold the office. In July 2019, Han became the 2020 Kuomintang nominee for President of the Republic of China, facing incumbent Tsai Ing-wen.

Han was removed from office as the mayor of Kaohsiung on 12 June 2020 after a recall election. He was the first Taiwanese politician to ever be removed from office by a recall.

Baranagore Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama High School

Baranagore Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama High School (BRKMAHS, informly "Baranagar Ramakrishna Mission" or "Baranagar RKM", ) or Baranagore Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama High School (H. S.) is a boys-only higher secondary private school in Baranagar, West Bengal, India. The school was founded by Yogindranath Tagore, a student of Swami Brahmananda in 1912.

The school houses roughly 1100 pupils aged 10 to 16 for secondary and higher secondary section classes VXII. BRKMAHS pupils take the West Bengal Board of Secondary Education (WBBSE) in tenth grade and are thereafter offered West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education (WBCHSE) for the final two years. The school began offering the twelfth grade higher secondary curriculum in 2018, before which all pupils had to sit the secondary examination for tenth grade.



Analytic geometry

In classical mathematics, analytic geometry, also known as coordinate geometry or Cartesian geometry, is the study of geometry using a coordinate system, usually the Cartesian coordinate system. As vectors are frequently used, it is also known as vector geometry. In most cases, tools from algebra (especially linear algebra) are used to solve problems. 

Chained

Chained may refer to:


Jennifer Lynch

Jennifer Chambers Lynch (born April 7, 1968) is an American movie and television director and screenwriter. She was born in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area and is the daughter of filmmaker David Lynch. She is also an author. She wrote the novel "The Secret Diary of Laura Palmer".

Lynch directed the 2008 movie "Surveillance". That movie won top prize at Stiges Film Festival. She later directed the thriller movie "Chained". That movie was rated NC-17 at first. However, Lynch cut down the content in "Chained" so it could get an R rating.

Lynch then said that NC-17 had failed, because audiences connected it with the old X rating.

V (singer)

"(This is a Korean name; the family name is Kim")
Kim Tae-hyung (born December 30, 1995) is a South Korean singer-songwriter, record producer and actor. He is also better known mononymously as V and Taehyung.

He is known for being a member and one of the four vocalists of the South Korean Boy group BTS. 

Born's rule

Born's rule (also called the Born law, Born's rule, or Born's law) is a law of quantum mechanics. It is named after its originator, the physicist Max Born. The Born rule is one of the key principles of quantum mechanics.

It gives the probability that a measurement on a quantum system will yield a predicted result.

Cristin Milioti

Cristin Milioti (born August 16, 1985) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for playing the Mother on the sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" from 2013 to 2014. She has also played Teresa Petrillo Belfort in the 2013 movie "The Wolf of Wall Street", and Betsy Solverson in the second season of "Fargo" (2015).


Cherry Hill, New Jersey

Cherry Hill is a township in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township had a population of 74,553. , the township was the state's 12th most populous city.

Camden County, New Jersey

Camden County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Jersey. Its county seat is Camden. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 523,485.

Prime Minister of Tonga

The prime minister of Tonga (historically referred to as the premier) is the country's head of government. Tonga is a monarchy with the king, currently Tupou VI, as head of state. 

The office is currently held by Siaosi Sovaleni since December 2021.

ʻAkilisi Pōhiva

Samiuela ʻAkilisi Pōhiva (7 April 1941 – 12 September 2019) was a Tongan pro-democracy activist and politician. Pohiva was the leader of the Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands (DPFI). He was the Prime Minister of Tonga from 2014 to his death in 2019.

Pōhiva died of pneumonia and liver disease on 12 September 2019 in Auckland, New Zealand at the age of 78.


Bloody Disgusting

Bloody Disgusting is an American horror genre website. It looks at horror movies, video games, comics and music.

By 2007, the site had over 20 million page visits every month.

Starting in 2011, Bloody Disgusting began producing movies. The movies went on to win awards.

Jeff Fenholt

Jeffrey Craig "Jeff" Fenholt (September 15, 1950 – September 10, 2019) was an American singer and actor. He was best known for his role as Jesus Christ in the original Broadway theatre adaptation of "Jesus Christ Superstar" and for his appearance on the cover of "Time" magazine.

Fenholt died on September 10, 2019 just five days before his 69th birthday.


Greg Thompson

Gregory Francis Thompson, (March 28, 1947 – September 10, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1988 through 1993 and again from 1997 through 2011. Thompson was Minister of Veterans Affairs from 2006 through 2010 and New Brunswick's Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs from 2018 until his death. 

Thompson was born in St. Stephen, New Brunswick. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party. Thompson died on September 10, 2019 at a hospital in Rexton, New Brunswick after a short-illness, aged 72.

Eric Johnson (Texas politician)

Eric Lynn Johnson (born October 10, 1975) is an American politician and lawyer. He became the 62nd Mayor of Dallas, Texas in 2019. He was a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives, where he represented District 100 in the cities of Dallas and Mesquite, Texas. In 2023, he switched parties and became a Republican.

Waller, Texas

Waller is a city in Texas, United States, partly in Waller County and partly in Harris County within the metropolitan area. The population was 2,682 at the 2020 census.

Shafie Salleh

Tan Sri Dr. Haji Shafie bin Mohd Salleh Jawi: شافعي بن محمد صالح; 29 September 1946 – 11 September 2019) was a Malaysian Barisan Nasional politician. He was Higher Education Minister of Malaysia from 2004 through 2006. Shafie Salleh was also the Chief Scout of Malaysia. He was a member of Parliament from 1995 through 2006. Salleh was born in Selangor, Malaysia.

Salleh died at a hospital at the Batu Caves in Selangor of liver failure on 11 September 2019 at the age of 72.

Jordan Belfort

Jordan Ross Belfort (; born July 9, 1962) is an American author, motivational speaker, and former stockbroker.

In 1999, he pleaded guilty to fraud and related crimes in connection with stock-market manipulation. Belfort spent 22 months in prison.

He published the memoir "The Wolf of Wall Street" in 2007, which was made into a movie in 2013.

Belfort was born in 1962 in the Bronx district of New York City to Jewish parents.

Anne Rivers Siddons

Anne Rivers Siddons (January 9, 1936 – September 11, 2019) was an American novelist. She was known for her stories set in the Southern United States. She was born in Fairburn, Georgia. Her best known books include: "Peachtree Road", "The House Next Door" and "Sweetwater Creek".

Siddons died on September 11, 2019 in Charleston, South Carolina of lung cancer at the age of 83.

Fairburn, Georgia

Fairburn is a city in Fulton County, Georgia, United States, with a population of 16,483, according to the 2020 census.

László Rajk Jr.

László Rajk Jr. (26 January 1949 – 11 September 2019) was a Hungarian architect, designer and political activist. He was born in Budapest. He became the member of the Hungarian avantgarde movement. In 1975, he joined the Democratic Opposition, the underground political movement in Hungary.

In 1988 he was one of the founder of the Network of Free Initiatives and the liberal party, the Alliance of Free Democrats, and served six years in the Hungarian Parliament.

Rajk Jr. died in Budapest on 11 September 2019 at the age of 70.

Samsung Galaxy Note 10

The Samsung Galaxy Note 10 and Samsung Galaxy Note 10+ (shortened to Note 10 and Note 10+, respectively) are Android smartphones produced by Samsung Electronics as part of the Samsung Galaxy Note series. The Note 10 and Note 10+ were unveiled on 7 August 2019 and directly succeed the Samsung Galaxy Note 9, with a North American release on 23 August 2019 and international rollout throughout August and September. 


Khandesh

Khandesh (Marathi: खान्देश) is a region of central India. It is the northwest part of Maharashtra state.

There are 5 districts in Khandesh:

Bey

Bey also spelled as Baig, Bayg, Beigh, Beig, Bek, Baeg or Beg is a Turkic title for a chieftain, and an honorific title traditionally applied to people with special lineages to the leaders or rulers of variously sized areas in the numerous Turkic kingdoms, emirates, sultanates and empires in Central Asia, South Asia, and the Middle East, such as the Ottomans, Timurids or the various khanates and emirates in Central Asia and the Eurasian Steppe. The feminine equivalent title was begum. The regions or provinces where "beys" ruled or which they administered were called "beylik", roughly meaning "governorate" and/or "region" (the equivalent of county in other parts of Europe). However the exact scope of power handed to the beks (alternative spelling to beys) varied with each country, thus there was no clear-cut system, rigidly applied to all countries defining all the possible power and prestige that came along with the title.

In modern times, the word is still used formally as a social title for men. It is cited after the name and is used generally with first names and not with last names.

The word entered English from Turkish "bey", itself derived from Old Turkic "beg", which - in the form "bäg" - has been mentioned as early as in the Orkhon inscriptions (8th century AD) and is usually translated as "tribal leader". The actual origin of the word is still disputed, though it is mostly agreed that it was a loan-word, in Old Turkic. This Turkic word is usually considered a borrowing from an Iranian language. However, German Turkologist Gerhard Doerfer assessed the derivation from Iranian as superficially attractive but quite uncertain, and pointed out the possibility that the word may be genuinely Turkic.


Glory to Hong Kong

Glory to Hong Kong () is a Cantonese song produced during the 2019 Hong Kong protests. Many protestors mentioned that the song is Hong Kong's unofficial national anthem, and it has become a theme song for the movement.

The song was first uploaded onto YouTube on 31 August 2019. It was composed by "Thomas dgx yhl" (a pseudonym), a local musician, and a group of un-named netizens (Internet users). An English version was also produced. An orchestral MV production with chorus was uploaded to YouTube on 11 September 2019.

On 10 September 2019, Hong Kong supporters sung the song for the first time at the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. On that same night, the song was also sung at dozens of shopping malls all around Hong Kong.

The word glory (榮光) in the song title means honor (榮) and brilliance (光).



Rhapsody in Blue

"Rhapsody in Blue" is a song written by American Composer George Gershwin.

Katherine D. Ortega

Katherine Dávalos Ortega (born July 16, 1934) is an American political figure. She was the 38th Treasurer of the United States from September 26, 1983 to July 1, 1989 under Presidents Ronald Reagan and then George H. W. Bush. Ortega also has the first female bank president in the state of California.

Treasurer of the United States

The Treasurer of the United States is an official in the United States Department of the Treasury who was originally charged with the receipt and custody of government funds, though many of these functions have been taken over by different bureaus of the Department. Today, they are in charge of the country's currency creation.

Requirement for Senate confirmation for the appointment was dropped as of August 10, 2012.


Tularosa, New Mexico

Tularosa is a village in Otero County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 2,553 at the 2020 census.

Jerry Nadler

Jerrold Lewis Nadler (; born June 13, 1947) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative since 1992. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Nadler has also been Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee since 2019.

According to the "National Journal", Nadler is one of seven members of the House of Representatives who tie for most liberal.


Semisi Sika

Sēmisi Kioa Lafu Sika (born 31 January 1968) is a Tongan politician. He is a member of the Tongan Parliament. Sika was the acting Prime Minister of Tonga from 12 September 2019 through 27 September 2019. He is a member of the Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands.

Soup kitchen

A soup kitchen is a place where food is given to people who are poor. The price is usually very low or free. Soup kitchens are usually nonprofit (they do not want to make money), and they may sometimes get food from other places for a very low price.

Sometimes these soup kitchens may be created during war, but other times they are only to help people.

National Archives and Records Administration

The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) is an agency of the United States government. They are responsible for preserving and documenting government and historical records. It is also in charge of making it easier for people to see those documents which make up the National Archive. NARA is officially responsible for maintaining and publishing the original copies of acts of Congress, presidential directives, and federal regulations. NARA also informs of votes of the Electoral College to Congress.


Kansas Pacific Railway

The Kansas Pacific Railway (KP) was a historic railroad company. They operated in the western United States in the late 19th century. The railroad was consolidated with the Union Pacific in 1880. Its mainline is still an important part of the Union Pacific network today.




Panic of 1873

The Panic of 1873 was a financial crisis that started an economic depression in Europe and North America. It lasted from 1873 until 1877, and it went even longer in France and Britain. In Britain, for example, it started two decades of stagnation known as the "Long Depression". This weakened the country's economic leadership. In the United States the Panic was known as the "Great Depression" until the events of the early 1930s set a new standard.

Economic stagnation

Economic stagnation is when there is a slow economic growth (usually measured in terms of the GDP growth) for a long time. There's usually high unemployment too.

Prabowo Subianto

Prabowo Subianto Djojohadikusumo (born 17 October 1951) is an Indonesian politician, businessperson and retired Army honorary General.

Prabowo Subianto was born in Jakarta, Indonesia. His father is Sumitro Djojohadikusumo, an economist, and his mother is Dora Sigar. He was the husband of the late President Suharto's second daughter, Titiek Suharto. They were married in 1983 and divorced in 1998 during the Indonesian political crisis.

Nikon (Liolin)

Archbishop Nikon (secular name Nicholas Liolin; October 9, 1945 – September 1, 2019) was an American-Albanian bishop. He was the head of the Orthodox Church in America's Albanian Archdiocese and New England diocese. He was born New York City.

Nikon died September 1, 2019 in Southbridge, Massachusetts at the age of 73.


I. Beverly Lake Jr.

Isaac Beverly Lake Jr. (January 30, 1934 – September 12, 2019) was an American jurist and public official. He was chief justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court from 2001 through 2006. In 2006, Lake Jr. led the North Carolina Actual Innocence Commission, to review police and prosecution procedures and recommend reform to prevent wrongful convicts. He was born in Raleigh, North Carolina.

Lake Jr. died on September 12, 2019 in Raleigh at the age of 85.

Adrienne Clarkson

Adrienne Louise Clarkson (; née Poy, February 10, 1939) is a Hong Kong-born Canadian journalist and politician. She was the 26th Governor General of Canada from 1999 through 2005.


Roméo LeBlanc

Roméo-Adrien LeBlanc (December 18, 1927June 24, 2009) was a Canadian journalist and politician. He was the 25th Governor General of Canada from 1995 through 1999.

LeBlanc died on June 24, 2009 in Grande-Digue, New Brunswick from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 81.


Cameron Mathison

Cameron Arthur Mathison (born August 25, 1969) is a Canadian-American actor and television host. From 1997 to 2011, he played the role of Ryan Lavery on "All My Children".

In September 2019, Mathison announced that he was diagnosed with kidney cancer.

Grace Mugabe

Grace Ntombizodwa Mugabe (; born 23 July 1965) is an entrepreneur, politician and the wife of former Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe. She was the First Lady of Zimbabwe from 1996 until her husband's resignation in November 2017, a week after he was removed from power. Starting as a secretary to President Mugabe, she then became the head of the ZANU–PF Women's League and an important person in the Generation 40 faction (group). She was expelled from the party, together with other G40 members, during the 2017 Zimbabwean coup d'état.

Edolphus Towns

Edolphus "Ed" Towns Jr. (born July 21, 1934) is an American politician. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1983 to 2013. He was a member of the Democratic Party from New York. Towns was Chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee from 2009 to 2011.

On April 16, 2012, Towns announced he would be retiring at the end of his 15th term.

Chadbourn, North Carolina

Chadbourn is a town in Columbus County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,574 at the 2020 census. Chadbourn is located at (34.322374, -78.825823).

Neal Francis Lane

Cornelius "Neal" Francis Lane (born August 22, 1938) is an American physicist and political adviser. 

He is the Senior Fellow in Science and Technology Policy at Rice University's Baker Institute for Public Policy and Malcolm Gillis University Professor Emeritus of Physics and Astronomy Emeritus at Rice University in Houston, Texas.

He was chancellor of the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, provost of Rice University, and Science Advisor to the President (Assistant to the President for Science and Technology and Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) during the Bill Clinton Administration).

Kelvin Droegemeier

Kelvin Kay Droegemeier (born September 23, 1958) is an American research meteorologist. He was the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy from February 2019 to January 2021.

Droegemeier is known for his research in predicting the development of extreme weather events, and was Oklahoma Secretary of Science and Technology and the Vice President for Research at the University of Oklahoma.

Ellsworth, Kansas

Ellsworth is a city in and the county seat of Ellsworth County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 3,066.

Vincenzo Ferdinandi

Vincenzo Ferdinandi (Newark, 29 November 1920 - Rome, 22 April 1990) was an Italian fashion designer and one of the founders of Italian high fashion.

Born in the United States, he returned to Italy in the early fifties to open an atelier in Rome in the highly fashionable Via Veneto.
He was among the first great haute couture designers to compete with the most renowned French couturiers. In 1949 he was in Paris, called by Christian Dior for a stylistic collaboration. After that experience, Clark & Morland Ltd in London also called him to design a line of shoes.
Together with other names of the Italian fashion of the time such as Roberto Capucci, the Sartoria Antonelli, the atelier Carosa, Giovanelli Sciarra, Germana Marucelli, Polinober, the Sartoria Vanna and Jole Veneziani, he participated in 1952 in the first historical parade at the Sala Bianca in Palazzo Pitti in Florence. A very young Oriana Fallaci sent by the weekly Epoca told the news.
In 1953, together with other major names of the time (including Emilio Schuberth, the Sorelle Fontana, Alberto Fabiani, Giovannelli-Sciarra, Mingolini-Guggenheim, Eleonora Garnett and Simonetta), he founded the SIAM - Italian High Fashion Syndicate (later to become the National Chamber of Italian Fashion). In July 1954, together with the Sorelle Fontana, Emilio Schuberth, Giovannelli-Sciarra, Eleonora Garnett and Mingolini-Guggenheim he took part in "Alta Moda in Castel Sant'Angelo". On that occasion, the American Sally Kirkland, Fashion Editor of Life and of Vogue, was awarded for her role as ambassador of Italian fashion in the United States.
Defying the conventions of the time (it was in the early fifties), he is the first to show an afro-American girl in a fashion parade, the young model Dolores Francine Rhiney. His creations are worn by actresses and famous women of those years. Ingrid Bergman, Sandra Dee, Jennifer Jones, May Britt, Anna Magnani, Virna Lisi, Sylva Koscina, Luciana Angiolillo, Isabella Albonico, Eloisa Cianni, Lucia Bosè, Lilli Cerasoli, Ivy Nicholson, Loredana Pavone, Joe Patterson, Anna Maria Ghislanzoni, Marta Marzotto and a very young Elsa Martinelli are some of these.

In 2014, the Maxxi museum in Rome as part of the "Bellissima" exhibition numbers him among the pioneers of Italian fashion.


Name server

A name server is a computer program that runs on a server. It allows devices on a network to look up the internal identity of other devices. A common type of name server is a DNS server.

History of the University of Kansas

The history of the University of Kansas starts in 1855. This was when people wanted to build a "University of the Territory of Kansas." Nine years later in 1864, with the help of Amos Adams Lawrence, Kansas Governor Charles L. Robinson, and several other important people, the Kansas Legislature chartered the University of Kansas in Lawrence, Kansas. The university was at first funded by a $15,000 donation on a area of land from Charles Robinson and his wife Sara. The university started preparatory-level classes in 1866 and college-level classes in 1869.

The idea for a public university in the Kansas Territory was first mentioned by Territorial Governor Andrew Reeder on July 3, 1855. He gave a speech to members of the first territorial legislature, saying: "To enlarge upon the necessity of general education for producing good government," he told the lawmakers, "would be at this day a work of supererogation, and I leave the matter in your hands, confident it will receive the attention it deserves." After his speech, the session responded by creating a system of common schools for the territory. They also approved a charter for a "University of the Territory of Kansas," proposed to be built in Douglas, Kansas (near present-day Lecompton). However, this proposed university was never built.

Lawrence residents had first thought of opening a private Free-State college in the town when it was first settled. This was in the summer of 1854. That fall, one of the members of the New England Emigrant Aid Company, Charles Robinson, told treasurer Amos Adams Lawrence that the people of Lawrence would start a college as soon as possible. It was supposed to be on top of Hogback Ridge (later known as Mount Oread). By 1856, no private college for Lawrence was yet created. However, the people of Lawrence were still hoping to create one. They also started to hope that it could later be changed into the state's university. On Christmas Day of 1856, a group of important Lawrence people approved a bill from a business committee. It said that the time had come to create a college in Lawrence. Fifteen trustees were chosen to govern the college. They immediately chose a committee to petition congress for land. It was estimated that $100,000 would be needed to get the college started properly. It was also believed that nearly all of this money would have to be raised outside of the Kansas Territory. The territorial legislature chartered a private "University of Lawrence" in January 1859. However, the people were never able to create a private college in Lawrence.

In 1859, in the Wyandotte Constitution - the constitution that Kansas became a state with - parts were written to create a state university. The first Kansas state legislature meeting in 1861, passed a bill that would create the state university in Manhattan, Kansas. They used the assets of the existing Blue Mont Central College. However, the bill was vetoed by Governor Charles Robinson of Lawrence. An attempt to override the veto in the Legislature failed by two votes. In 1862, another bill to make Manhattan the place of the state university failed by one vote. On February 16, 1863, the state accepted Manhattan's offer to donate the Blue Mont College building and grounds, and it created the state's land-grant college at the place. This would become Kansas State University.

However, the legislature said Manhattan's land-grant institution was different than what a "state university" is. On February 20, 1863, Kansas Governor Thomas Carney signed into law a bill creating the state university in Lawrence. The law said that if Lawrence wanted the college, Lawrence would need to give a $15,000 endowment fund and a place for the university. The place would have to be in or near the town, and it had to be at least forty acres (160,000 m²) big. If Lawrence did not do these, Emporia would get the university instead of Lawrence.

The place chosen for the university was a hill known as Mount Oread or Hogback Ridge. It was owned by former Kansas Governor Charles L. Robinson. Robinson and his wife Sara traded the area to the State of Kansas in exchange for land somewhere else. The philanthropist Amos Adams Lawrence gave $10,000 of the needed endowment fund. The people of Lawrence raised the remaining cash by issuing notes supported by Governor Carney. On November 2, 1863, Governor Carney said that Lawrence had met the conditions to get the state university. On March 1, 1864, the University of Kansas was officially chartered.

The school's Board of Regents had its first meeting in March 1865. This is the event that KU dates its creation from. Work on the first college building (Old North College) started later that year. On July 19, 1866, the Board of Regents elected KU's first three faculty members.

The University of Kansas officially opened on September 12, 1866. It had 26 girls and 29 boys registered in the preparatory school. The school started teaching college-level classes in 1869. The first class (of four students) graduated from the university in 1873. It was one of the first public colleges to admit women and men equally in the United States.

From these beginnings, a rivalry with Kansas State, the oldest public college in the state of Kansas, started.

A student of the early 1870s was writer and journalist Frank Harris. In Volume 1 of his memoirs ("My Life and Loves", 1922), he described the intellectual climate he found in the university at that time. He said its New England liberal roots were being overtaken by conservatism.

In April 1874, the school's first serious student publication, "Observer of Nature", was issued. In March 1878, former Chancellor James Marvin led the school's first "campus beautification" project. Over 300 trees were planted, including an area which is now known as the "Marvin Grove".

In May 1886, professor Edgar Henry Summerfield Bailey first proposed the cheer that would become the "Rock Chalk Jayhawk, K.U.” chant. Initially created for the KU science club, Bailey's version was "Rah, Rah, Jayhawk, KU" repeated three times. The rahs were later replaced by "Rock Chalk." This is a transposition of chalk rock, the name for the limestone found on Mount Oread, where the Lawrence campus is. Over time, the chant became known worldwide. Former U.S. president Theodore Roosevelt said it the "greatest college chant he'd ever heard." In 1920, the King of Belgium asked for a normal American college chant at the Olympic Games. After discussion, the athletes at the Games agreed on the Rock Chalk chant.

In 1893 the Kansas Legislature allowed $50,000 to build a new physics and electrical engineering building. The building resembled a French chateau now remembered as "old" Blake Hall. The next year, the university's library, Spooner Hall, was finished and opened. It is the oldest free-standing building still at KU. In 1895, the first long distance ship-to-shore message was sent by physics and engineering professor, Lucien I. Blake. The message was sent using underwater wireless technology.

In March 1898, lightning struck the engineering building and the heating plant. It started major fires, and destroyed both buildings. As a result, former Kansas City businessman George Fowler gave $18,000 to rebuild. It became known as the Fowler Shops. The building is now Stauffer-Flint Hall, where the journalism school is.

Starting in 1910, electric trolleys started providing service throughout Lawrence and the KU campus. In the same year, Marvin Hall was dedicated as the School of Engineering. Haworth Hall was dedicated for the departments of geology and mineralogy. One year later, a commencement ceremony was held. This marked the completion of Potter Lake. On February 8, 1912, a group of KU women organized the Women's Athletic Association. It was the first group of its kind in the school's history. William B. Thayer and his wife donated their personal art collection to KU, valued at $150,000.

In 1921, the Memorial Stadium was built to replace McCook Field. The football team still plays in Memorial Stadium. This makes it the seventh oldest college football stadium in the United States.

On May 13, 1923, William Allen White became the first KU alumnus to win a Pulitzer Prize. It was awarded to him for his Emporia Gazette editorial “To An Anxious Friend”. In that editorial, White defended free speech. The School of Business was created in 1924. The first campus union was built on in 1926 as a campus community center. On February 18, 1930, future KU alumnus Clyde Tombaugh said he discovered the planet Pluto. Later in 1930, present-day Snow Hall was completed and dedicated. It replaced the old, broken building. In 1932, one of KU's most famous football and wrestling stars, Pete Mehringer, qualified for the 1932 Olympics.

A major civil rights decision came on August 8, 1938. Under severe pressure from Kansas Governor Walter Huxman and several civil rights leaders, the Kansas Board of Regents voted to stop rules which had stopped black students from completing their education at the KU School of Medicine. The current chancellor's residence was finished in 1939. It was known as "The Outlook". The residence was able to be built because of Elizabeth Watkins. Danforth Chapel was officially dedicated in April 1946.

In January 1946, the University of Kansas Press was created. The publishing house later joined with other universities in Kansas. It became the statewide University Press of Kansas.

To honor the 276 KU men and women who died in World War II, the Memorial Carillon and Campanile were dedicated on May 27, 1951. In 1954, the debate team won their first National Debate Tournament. Allen Fieldhouse was dedicated on March 1, 1955. The KU basketball team would win its only home game of the season on the same night. In 1968, former senator Robert F. Kennedy had presidential nomination speeches at both KU and K-State.

In early 1970, a firebomb exploded throughout the Kansas Union. It caused almost $1 million in damage. The School of Nursing was created in 1974 as a joint and co-equal unit of the KU Medical Center. The debate team had more success throughout the 1970s. They won the National Debate Tournament in 1970 and 1976. On February 21, 1978 former U.S. President Gerald Ford dedicated the new KU School of Law, Green Hall.

In 1983, the debate team won the National Debate Tournament for the fourth time. KU dedicated its Vietnam Memorial in 1986. It was the first university in the United States to build a monument like that. On June 15, 1991, lightning hit Hoch Auditorium. This created a fire which destroyed the building in less than an hour.

In 1993, the KU Edwards Campus was created in Overland Park, Kansas. It was created in order to provide adults with a chance to get college degrees and to get better education. The Edwards campus started providing programs developmental psychology, public administration, social work, systems analysis, engineering management and design.

The football team, led by coach Mark Mangino, won the 2008 Orange Bowl. They finished the season 12–1.
In 2009, the debate team won the National Debate Tournament for the fifth time in KU's history. Also in 2009, Bernadette Gray-Little became the first woman and African American to be the chancellor at the university. Gray-Little retired on June 30, 2017.


Blunt Force Trauma

Blunt force trauma or blunt trauma is a medical term referring to a type of physical trauma.

Blunt Force Trauma may also refer to:

Midwestern Career College

Midwestern Career College (MCC) is a junior college in Illinois offering various associates degrees, certification in certain auxiliary medical fields, and courses in . It has campuses in Chicago, Naperville and Evergreen Park.

The college grants associates of applied science degrees in three business-related areas, one information technology area, and five medical-related areas. It also has programs leading to certification in multiple specialties relating to medicine. The school offers English language training for foreign students, including a program specifically for healthcare professionals. 

Midwestern Career College is approved by the following accrediting bodies: 


Leysin

Leysin is a municipality of the Aigle district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Leysin is in the Vaud Alps, it is a alpine resort village at the eastern end of Lake Geneva in near to Montreux, Lausanne, and Geneva. It is on the right side of the Grande Eau at the foot of the Tour d'Aï and the Tour de Mayen. The main village is found at an elevation of . It consists of the village of Leysin and the hamlets of Veyges, Feydey, Aï and Mayen.

Leysin can be accessed by road or the hourly Aigle - Leysin train, which makes four area stops.


Operation Meetinghouse

Operation Meetinghouse was a bombing attack by the United States against Japan on the night between the 9th and 10th of March 1945. American bombers dropped firebombs without a specific target on the Japanese city of Tokyo. These firebombs created a huge firestorm which killed over 100,000 people and destroyed the homes of about 1 million more people. It is notable for being the most deadly attack from the air in world history. The attack was a change in strategy for the United States, which had previously only attacked from the air during the day, focusing on specific buildings.

Noville, Switzerland

Noville is a municipality of the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Loganberry

The loganberry is a hybrid of raspberry and blackberry. It was created by judge James Harvey Logan as an accident in California in 1881.

Ollon

Ollon is a municipality in the Aigle district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The municipality is in the foothills of the mountains southeast of Lake Geneva.


Rennaz

Rennaz is a municipality in the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Roche, Vaud

Roche is a municipality of the district Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Villeneuve, Vaud

Villeneuve is a municipality in the Aigle district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Rossinière

Rossinière is a municipality in the Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Blonay

Blonay was a municipality in Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Blonay and Saint-Légier-La Chiésaz merged to form the new municipality of Blonay – Saint-Légier.


Chardonne

Chardonne is a municipality in the district of Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Bourg-en-Lavaux

Bourg-en-Lavaux is a municipality in the Lavaux-Oron district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Cully, Epesses, Grandvaux, Riex and Villette (Lavaux) joined together to become the new municipality, Bourg-en-Lavaux.


Hatch, New Mexico

Hatch is a village in Doña Ana County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 1,539 at the 2020 census.


Meridian, Logan County, Oklahoma

Meridian is a town in Oklahoma in the United States. It is in Logan County.

Marshall, Oklahoma

Marshall is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cully, Vaud

Cully was a municipality in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It was the capital of the district of Lavaux until 2006 when it became part of the district of Lavaux-Oron. It is on Lake Geneva.

On 1 July 2011, the municipalities of Cully, Epesses, Grandvaux, Riex and Villette (Lavaux) joined together to become one new municipality, Bourg-en-Lavaux.


Villette, Vaud

Villette was a municipality in the district Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the municipalities of Cully, Epesses, Grandvaux, Riex and Villette (Lavaux) joined together to become the new municipality of Bourg-en-Lavaux.

Cornlea, Nebraska

Cornlea is a village in Platte County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 33 at the 2020 census.

Corseaux

Corseaux is a municipality in the Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Corsier-sur-Vevey

Corsier-sur-Vevey is a municipality in the Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Jongny

Jongny is a municipality in the Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Middleburgh (village), New York

Middleburgh is a village in Schoharie County, New York, United States. The population was 1,131 at the 2020 census.

Paul Sarbanes

Paul Spyros Sarbanes (February 3, 1933 – December 6, 2020) was an American politician and attorney. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1971 to 1977 and as a United States Senator from 1977 to 2007 representing Maryland.

Sarbanes died at his home in Baltimore, Maryland from heart failure on December 6, 2020 at the age of 87.

McDonald, Ohio

McDonald is a village in Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. The population was 3,172 at the 2020 census.

The community was named after a local McDonald family.

McDonald is located at .

Frans Nielsen

Frans Nielsen is a Danish former professional ice hockey centre. He played parts of 15 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the New York Islanders and Detroit Red Wings. He last played for Eisbären Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).

List of stars in Triangulum Australe

This is the list of notable stars in the constellation Triangulum Australe, sorted by decreasing brightness.

Dorian Leigh

Dorian Elizabeth Leigh Parker (April 23, 1917 - July 7, 2008; better known as Dorian Leigh) was an American model. She was one of the earliest modeling women in the fashion industry. Leigh might have been one of the first supermodels. She was well known in Europe and United States.

Leigh was on the covers of the "Vogue", "Elle", "Paris Match" and "Life". She modeled for much of the 1940s and first half of the 1950s.

Leigh had several siblings. One of her sisters, Cecilia "Suzy Parker", was also a fashion model. Parker would later act in movies and television.

Dorian Leigh was born in San Antonio, Texas. She succumbed to Alzheimer's disease at age 91.

Bob Rule

Bobby Frank Rule (June 29, 1944 – September 5, 2019) was an American basketball player. He was born in Riverside, California. He played at center for the National Basketball Association's Seattle SuperSonics, Philadelphia 76ers, Cleveland Cavaliers, and briefly, the Milwaukee Bucks.

Rule died on September 5, 2019 in Riverside, California at the age of 75.


Sándor Tóth

Sándor Tóth (18 August 1939 – 11 September 2019) was a Hungarian poet and journalist. He was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP). He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Pásztó (Nógrád County Constituency II) between 1990 and 1994.

Michael E. Haynes

Michael E. Haynes (May 9, 1927 – September 12, 2019) was an American minister and politician. He was in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1965 to 1968, representing Roxbury, Massachusetts. He was also a member of the Boston Mayor's Committee on Violence and the Attorney General's Advisory Committee on Drug Addiction. 

He was pastor at Twelfth Baptist Church in Roxbury from 1964 to 2004.

Haynes died on September 12, 2019 at the age of 92.

Heart valve

A heart valve normally allows blood to flow in only one direction through the heart. 

The four valves are commonly represented in a mammalian heart that determines the pathway of blood flow through the heart. 

A heart valve opens or closes incumbent on differential blood pressure on each side.

László Marton (director)

László Marton (6 January 1943 – 12 September 2019) was a Hungarian contemporary theatre director. Marton was the artistic director of the Vígszínház and professor of the University of Theatre, Film and Television in Budapest. Marton was known for directing classics through a new lens and his productions have been seen in more than 40 cities throughout the world.

He was Honorary Member of the London Guildhall School of Music and Drama.

On 14 October 2017, Hungarian actress Lilla Sárosdi alleged in a Facebook post that a well-known Hungarian theatre director had sexually assaulted her 20 years earlier. On 20 October, two more people anonymously accused Marton of sexual assault.


Asadollah Asgaroladi

Asadollah Asgaroladi (3 March 1934 – 13 September 2019) was an Iranian businessman. He worked in exports, banking, real estate and healthcare. He was the richest person in Iran, with a net worth of $4 billion.

On 13 September 2019, Asgaroladi suffered a stroke. Later that day he died in Tehran, at the age of 85.

Bruno Grandi

Bruno Grandi (May 9, 1934 – September 13, 2019) was an Italian sportsman. He was president of the FIG (Federation Internationale de Gymnastique) from 1996–2016 and was a member of the International Olympic Committee from 2000 to 2004. He was born in Forlì, Emilia Romagna.

Grandi died in Italy after an illness at age 85.

Ghulam Shah Jeelani

Ghulam Shah Jeelani (; 7 August 1957 – 13 September 2019) was a Pakistani politician. He was a member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh from 2008 through May 2018 and again from August 2018 until his death. Jeelani was born in Dadu, Pakistan.

Jeelani died on 13 September 2019 in a private hospital in Karachi of kidney failure at the age of 62.

György Konrád

György (George) Konrád (2 April 1933 – 13 September 2019) was a Hungarian novelist and essayist. He was known as a supporter of individual freedom. He was born in Berettyóújfalu, Hungary. He was President of PEN International from 1990 through 1993.

Konrád died on 13 September 2019 in Budapest at the age of 86.


Nabil Karoui

Nabil Karoui, (born 1 August 1963) is a Tunisian businessman and politician. Karoui is CEO of Karoui & Karoui World and owner of the Tunisian television station Nessma. He is known as the "Tunisian Berlusconi".

Karoui unsuccessfully ran for President in the 2019 election.

Karoui was charged with money laundering in July 2019. He was arrested on August 23, 2019 following a warrant by the Tunis Court of Appeal.

Karoui received 525,517 votes in the first round of the 2019 election, coming in second place and moved on to face professor Kaïs Saïed in the second round. He lost the run-off to Saïed on 13 October 2019.

In 29 August 2021 the Algerian authorities arrested Nabil Karoui in Tébessa, near the borders with Tunisia, after he had illegally entered the country. 

Margo (actress)

Margo (born María Marguerita Guadalupe Teresa Estela Bolado Castilla y O'Donnell, May 10, 1917 – July 17, 1985) was a Mexican-American actress and dancer. She appeared in many movies and television shows. She was best known for her roles in "Lost Horizon" (1937), "The Leopard Man" (1943), "Viva Zapata!" (1952), and "I'll Cry Tomorrow" (1955). 


Kassie DePaiva

Katherine Virginia "Kassie" DePaiva (née Wesley; born March 21, 1961) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She is best known for her role as Bobby Joe in the horror movie "Evil Dead II" (1987). She is also known for her role of Blair Cramer on ABC's "One Life to Live". Other roles included Chelsea Reardon on "Guiding Light", and her current role as Eve Donovan on NBC's "Days of Our Lives".

DePaiva was born in Morganfield, Kentucky. In August 2016, DePaiva announced she had been diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia.


Marianne Jean-Baptiste

Marianne Jean-Baptiste (born 27 April 1967) is an English actress. She
was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Hortense in the 1996 movie "Secrets & Lies". For the same role, she was also nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role and a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress-Motion Picture.

Jean-Baptiste was also nominated with several NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series and Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series. This was for her acting in the CBS television series "Without a Trace".

Jean-Baptiste was born in London, England.

Virgin Galactic

Virgin Galactic is a spaceflight company founded by the English billionaire Richard Branson in 2004.








K2-18b

K2-18b, also known as EPIC 201912552 b, is an exoplanet orbiting the red dwarf K2-18, located away from Earth. It was discovered by the Kepler space telescope. It is estimated to be eight times bigger than the Earth. K2-18b is in the Goldilocks zone and may have liquid water.

Rougemont, Switzerland

Rougemont is a municipality in the Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Saint-Légier-La Chiésaz

Saint-Légier-La Chiésaz was a municipality in Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Blonay and Saint-Légier-La Chiésaz merged to form the new municipality of Blonay – Saint-Légier.


Macomb, Oklahoma

Macomb is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Wanette, Oklahoma

Wanette is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Slaughterville, Oklahoma

Slaughterville is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Lincoln Park, Texas

Lincoln Park is a town in the U.S. state of Texas.

Dish, Texas

DISH is a town in the U.S. state of Texas. It used to be called Clark but renamed to "DISH" as part of an agreement with Dish Network.

Combremont-le-Grand

Combremont-le-Grand was a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Cerniaz, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Granges-près-Marnand, Marnand, Sassel, Seigneux and Villars-Bramard joined together to become the new municipality of Valbroye.

Marnand

Marnand was a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Cerniaz, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Granges-près-Marnand, Marnand, Sassel, Seigneux and Villars-Bramard joined together to become the new municipality of Valbroye.

Valbroye

Valbroye is a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Cerniaz, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Granges-près-Marnand, Marnand, Sassel, Seigneux and Villars-Bramard joined together to become the new municipality of Valbroye.


Interstate 278

Interstate 278 is a highway is in the US states of New Jersey and New York. It runs from US Highway 1-9 in Linden, NJ to the Cross Bronx Expressway (I-95/I-295) in The Bronx. Its names include the Staten Island Expressway on Staten Island, the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway, (BQE) the Gowanus Expressway, the Robert F. Kennedy Bridge, and the Bruckner Expressway.

Barkatullah Khan

Barkatullah Khan (25 October 1920  – 11 October 1973) was a politician from Indian state of Rajasthan. He was a leader of Indian National Congress party. He was elected to state assembly from Tijara.

He was Chief Minister of Rajasthan from 9 July 1971 to 11 October 1973. He was the first Muslim to be the Chief Minister. He died in office from a heart attack.


La Tour-de-Peilz

La Tour-de-Peilz is a municipality of the district Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Veytaux

Veytaux is a municipality of the district of Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

The Chateau of Chillon provides a marvelous view of the entire Lake of Geneva in Avenue de Chillon.


Cerniaz

Cerniaz was a municipality of the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Cerniaz, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Granges-près-Marnand, Marnand, Sassel, Seigneux and Villars-Bramard joined to become the new municipality of Valbroye.

Granges-près-Marnand

Granges-près-Marnand was a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Cerniaz, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Granges-près-Marnand, Marnand, Sassel, Seigneux and Villars-Bramard joined together to become the new municipality of Valbroye.

The municipality has a rail connection to the Léman Express network via the Palézieux–Payerne line. On 29 July 2013, two passenger trains on the line suffered a head-on collision at Granges-près-Marnand, causing at least 35 injuries and one fatality.


Sassel

Sassel was a municipality of the district Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Cerniaz, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Granges-près-Marnand, Marnand, Sassel, Seigneux and Villars-Bramard joined together to become the new municipality of Valbroye.

Seigneux

Seigneux was a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Cerniaz, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Granges-près-Marnand, Marnand, Sassel, Seigneux and Villars-Bramard joined together to become the new municipality of Valbroye.

Combremont-le-Petit

Combremont-le-Petit was a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Cerniaz, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Granges-près-Marnand, Marnand, Sassel, Seigneux and Villars-Bramard joined together to become the new municipality of Valbroye.

Villars-Bramard

Villars-Bramard was a municipality of the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Cerniaz, Combremont-le-Grand, Combremont-le-Petit, Granges-près-Marnand, Marnand, Sassel, Seigneux and Villars-Bramard joined together to become the new municipality of Valbroye.

Jorat-Mézières

Jorat-Mézières is a new municipality in the district of Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2016 the former municipalities of Carrouge, Ferlens and Mézières merged to form the new municipality of Jorat-Mézières.


Brenles

Brenles was a municipality of the district Broye-Vully, in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Brenles, Chesalles-sur-Moudon, Cremin, Forel-sur-Lucens and Sarzens joined together to become the municipality of Lucens.

Aromanian language

Aromanian (, "armãneashti", or "armãneshce"), also known as Macedo-Romanian or Vlach, is an Eastern Romance language, similar to Meglenoromanian, or a dialect of the Romanian language spoken in Southeastern Europe. Its speakers are called Aromanians or Vlachs.


Executive functions

Higher animals, including humans use their brain to control their behavior. The cognitive processes they use are known as executive functions (also called cognitive control): They are used to choose what to do and what to control, and whether the chosen goals have been achieved. Some executive functions are basic cognitive processes such as attentional control, cognitive inhibition, inhibitory control, working memory and cognitive flexibility. Higher-order executive functions require the use of several basic executive functions and include planning and fluid intelligence (for example reasoning and problem-solving).

Executive functions develop over time. They change during lifespan of an individual and can be improved at any time. Similarly, these cognitive processes can be adversely affected by different events.

Tests have been developed to assess the level of these functions. Rating scales can be used. These tests are usually performed as a part of a larger series of tests, which ain to find neurological and psychiatric disorders. An example of such a test is the Stroop test. An example of a scale is call Behaviour Rating Inventory of Executive functions.

A counterexample of this is operant and classical conditioning: With these processes, individuals are "taught" to react in a certain way to a given stimulus. In such a situation, the individual must override the response to a stimulus using executive functions. This is called inhibitory control. The prefrontal cortex is necessary but not solely sufficient for executive functions; other parts of the brain also have a role in mediating inhibitory control.

Certain conditions affect cognitive control. These include addiction, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. Stimulus-driven behavioral responses that are associated with a particular rewarding stimulus tend to dominate one's behavior in an addiction.

The executive system is thought to be heavily involved in handling new situations outside the domain of some of our 'automatic' psychological processes that could be explained by the reproduction of learned schemas or set behaviors. Psychologists Don Norman and Tim Shallice have outlined five types of situations in which routine activation of behavior would not be sufficient for optimal performance:


A "prepotent response" is a response for which immediate reinforcement (positive or negative) is available or has been previously associated with that response. 

Executive functions are often invoked when it is necessary to override prepotent responses that might otherwise be automatically triggered by stimuli in the environment. For example, on being presented with a potentially rewarding stimulus, such as a tasty piece of chocolate cake, a person might have the automatic response to take a bite. However, where such behavior conflicts with internal plans (such as having decided not to eat chocolate cake while on a diet), the executive functions might be engaged to inhibit that response.

Although suppression of these prepotent responses is usually considered adaptive, problems for the development of the individual and the culture arise when feelings of right and wrong are overridden by cultural expectations or when creative impulses are overridden by executive inhibitions. 


Chadlia Caid Essebsi

Chadlia Saïda Farhat Essebsi (August 1, 1936 – September 15, 2019) was the former First Lady of Tunisia from 2014 through 2019. She was the wife of President Beji Caid Essebsi. She was Tunisia's fifth first lady, as well as the second following the Tunisian Revolution.

She died in Tunis of a heart attack on 15 September 2019, aged 83, less than two months after her husband.

Michael Shenstone

Michael Shenstone (June 25, 1928 – September 9, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Toronto. Shenstone was the Canadian ambassador to Saudi Arabia between 1974 and 1978 and to Austria from 1985 through 1990. He played a key role in releasing American hostages from Iran between 1979 through 1981.

Shenstone died in Mississauga, Ontario on September 9, 2019 at the age of 91.

Jim Greengrass

James Raymond Greengrass (October 24, 1927 – September 9, 2019) was an American professional baseball player. He appeared in 504 games over five seasons (1952–1956) in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds/Redlegs and Philadelphia Phillies.

Addison, New York

Addison is a town in Steuben County, New York, United States. The population was 2,397 at the 2020 census.

Chatsworth, Georgia

Chatsworth is a city in Murray County, Georgia, United States. It is part of the Dalton, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 4,874 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Murray County.

Dalton, Georgia

Dalton is a city in Whitfield County, Georgia, United States. It is the county seat of Whitfield County and the principal city of the Dalton, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area.

As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 34,417.

Rudi Gutendorf

Rudolf Gutendorf (30 August 1926 – 13 September 2019) was a German football manager and player. He was known for managing the highest number of national teams – a total of 19 teams plus Iran's Olympic team in 1988 and the China Olympic team in 1992. He played for TuS Koblenz from 1944 through 1953. He was born in Koblenz, Germany.

Gutendorf died on 13 September 2019 at the age of 93.

Alex Grammas

Alexander Peter Grammas (April 3, 1926 – September 13, 2019) was an American professional baseball infielder, manager and coach. He was born in Birmingham, Alabama. Grammas played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Redlegs and Chicago Cubs. He threw and batted right-handed, and was listed as tall and .

Grammas coached the Cubs, the Pittsburgh Pirates, the Reds, the Atlanta Braves and the Detroit Tigers.

Grammas died at his home in Vestavia Hills, Alabama on September 13, 2019 at the age of 93.

Bussy-sur-Moudon

Bussy-sur-Moudon is a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Champtauroz

Champtauroz is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Lovatens

Lovatens is a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Ropraz

Ropraz is a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Hermenches

Hermenches is a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Chavannes-sur-Moudon

Chavannes-sur-Moudon is a municipality in the of Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Chevroux, Switzerland

Chevroux is a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Corcelles-le-Jorat

Corcelles-le-Jorat is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Curtilles

Curtilles is a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Treytorrens

Treytorrens (Payerne) is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Don't Call Me Angel

"Don't Call Me Angel (Charlie's Angels)" is a song recorded by American singers Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus, and Lana Del Rey. It was released on September 13, 2019, as the theme song to the upcoming remake of the film "Charlie's Angels". It is an pop and R&B song. All three artists wrote the song with Savan Kotecha, Alma-Sofia Miettinen, and its producers, Max Martin and Ilya.

Lol Mahamat Choua

Lol Mahamat Choua (June 15, 1939 – September 15, 2019) was a Chadian politician. He was his country's head of state for four months in 1979. He was the President of the Rally for Democracy and Progress (RDP) political party.

List of heads of state of Chad

This is a list of heads of state of Chad since the country gained independence from France in 1960 to the present day.


Roberto Leal (singer)

António Joaquim Fernandes (November 27, 1951 – September 15, 2019), known as Roberto Leal, was a Portuguese-Brazilian singer-songwriter. He sold more than 17 million albums, and received 30 golden records and 5 platinum records. He was born in Macedo de Cavaleiros, Portugal.

In an opinion poll by Datafolha in Rio de Janeiro, asking what was the first famous Portuguese person people could think of, Leal came in first, with 15%, ahead of Pedro Álvares Cabral (9%) and Luís de Camões (4%). Some of Leal best known songs are: "Bate o Pé", "Clareou", "O Vinho de Meu Amor", and "Marrabenta".

In 2007 and 2010, he released albums both in Portuguese and Mirandese languages.

In January 2019, Leal revealed that he had skin cancer. He died at the age of 67 on September 15, 2019 at a São Paulo hospital. The cause of death was kidney failure caused by skin cancer-related medicine.

Phyllis Newman

Phyllis Newman (March 19, 1933 – September 15, 2019) was an American actress, activist and singer. She won the 1962 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her role as Martha Vail in the Broadway-theatre production of "Subways Are for Sleeping". She was nominated twice for the Drama Desk Award.

Newman was a breast cancer survivor. She died on September 15, 2019 in New York City at the age of 86. The cause of death was lung disease-related problems.


B. J. Khatal-Patil

Bhikajirao Jijaba Khatal-Patil () (March 26, 1919 – September 16, 2019), popularly known as "Dada" or "Khatal Saheb", was an Indian politician, writer and activist. He was a member of the Indian National Congress (INC). Khatal-Patil was born in Sangamner, Ahmednagar District. He was a member of the Maharashtra legislative assembly between 1962 through 1978 and again through 1980 through 1985.

Khatal-Patil died on September 16, 2019 at his home in Sangamner of pneumonia at the age of 100.

Mike Stefanik

Michael Stefanik (May 20, 1958 – September 15, 2019) was an American professional stock car racing driver. He competed mainly in the NASCAR Whelen Modified Tour. He was a seven-time champion in the Modified series, Stefanik was named the second greatest NASCAR Modified driver of all-time in 2003. His nine total championships (two in the Busch North Series) tie him with Richie Evans for most in NASCAR history. He was born in Wilbraham, Massachusetts.

Stefanik was killed in an airplane crash near Sterling, Connecticut September 15, 2019 at the age of 61.

Wilbraham, Massachusetts

Wilbraham is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States. It is a suburb of the City of Springfield, and part of the Springfield Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 14,613 at the 2020 census.

Sterling, Connecticut

Sterling is a town in Windham County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 3,578 at the 2020 census.

Ric Ocasek

Richard Theodore Otcasek (March 23, 1944 – September 15, 2019), known as Ric Ocasek (), was an American singer-songwriter, musician, record producer and painter He was best known as the lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist and primary lyricist for the rock band the Cars. His best known songs were "Just What I Needed", "My Best Friend's Girl", "You Might Think" and "Drive", the first and latter on which bandmate Ben Orr sang lead vocals. Ocasek was born in Baltimore, Maryland and raised in Cleveland, Ohio.

In 2018, Ocasek was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Cars. Unlike most bands that made it big, The Cars did not do recreational or illicit drug use. The Cars were known to drink and stay up late and record most of their music throughout the night hours.

Ocasek was found dead in his New York City apartment on September 15, 2019 from hypertension and heart disease at the age of 75.


Pitch bend

A pitch bend is a music effect on where one note will slide to another note. Pitch bends is a technical term that is used in MIDI technology and there are some genres of music such as rock and video game where pitch bends are often heard. The first synthesizer with a pitch wheel was the Minimoog, in 1970.

Kodela Siva Prasada Rao

Kodela Siva Prasada Rao (2 May 1947 – 16 September 2019) was an Indian politician. He was born in Kandlagunta, Andhra Pradesh. Rao was a member of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly (APLA) from 1983 through his death. He was the Speaker of the APLA from 2014 until his death. 

On 16 September 2019, Rao died at a hospital in Hyderabad after hanging himself at the age of 72.

Paul Cronin

Paul Cronin (8 July 1938 – 13 September 2019) was an Australian actor. He was known for his roles in the Australian television series "Matlock Police" and "The Sullivans". He won the Silver Logie five times. Cronin was born in Jamestown, South Australia.

Cronin died on 13 September 2019 in Melbourne at the age of 81.

John Ralston (American football)

John R. Ralston (April 26, 1927 — September 14, 2019) was an American football player, coach, and sports executive. He was born in Oakland, California and raised in Norway, Michigan.

Ralston was the head football coach at Utah State University (1959–1962), Stanford University (1963–1971), and San Jose State University (1993–1996). He also coached the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL) from 1972 to 1976 and the Oakland Invaders of the United States Football League (USFL) in 1983.

Ralston was added into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 1992.

Ralston died on September 14, 2019 in Sunnyvale, California at the age of 92.

Norway, Michigan

Norway is a city in Dickinson County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2,840 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Iron Mountain, MI–WI Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Neil Hartigan

Neil F. Hartigan (born May 4, 1938) is an American Democrat. He was Illinois Attorney General, the 40th Lieutenant Governor, and a justice of the Illinois Appellate Court. 

Hartigan also was the Democratic nominee for Governor in 1990 but lost the race to Republican Jim Edgar.

Tijjani Muhammad-Bande

Tijjani Muhammad-Bande (OFR) (born December 7, 1957) is a Nigerian political scientist, administrator and career diplomat. He was the President of the United Nations General Assembly from 2019 to 2020.

He was the permanent representative of Nigeria to the United Nations and was the Vice-President of the General Assembly during its 71st session in September 2016. 

On June 4, 2019 he was elected the President of the 74th session of the Assembly to replace María Fernanda Espinosa in September 2019.

Philippe Pétain

Philippe Pétain (1856-1951) was a French General who served as leader of Vichy France between 1940 and 1944. 

During World War I Pétain was the hero of the Battle of Verdun and led the French Army until the end of the war in 1918.

In 1940 during the Battle of France the French government asked him to govern the country. He surrendered to the Germans. From 1940 to late 1942, Vichy France was a client state of Nazi Germany. In November 1942 Pétain became a puppet of Nazi Germany as they fully occupied and disarmed Vichy France.

After the war, Pétain was tried and convicted for treason. He was originally sentenced to death, but due to his age and World War I service his sentence was commuted to life in prison. He died in 1951.

Marginal sea

A marginal sea is a part of an ocean that is between the coastal zone and open ocean. Such a sea is partly enclosed by land and not as deep as the open ocean. There are many named marginal seas. However, there is some disagreement on what makes a sea a marginal sea or not.


Lynx (web browser)

Lynx is a customizable text-based web browser for use on cursor-addressable character cell terminals. , it is the oldest web browser still in general use and active development, having started in 1992.

Lynx was a product of the Distributed Computing Group within Academic Computing Services of the University of Kansas. It was first created in 1992 by a team of students and staff at the university (Lou Montulli, Michael Grobe and Charles Rezac) as a hypertext browser. It was used only to distribute campus information as part of a "Campus-Wide Information Server". It was also used for browsing the Gopher space.

Fourth Anglo-Dutch War

The Fourth Anglo-Dutch War was fought between England and the Dutch Republic. The English carried out a mass slaughter of Dutch.

Penny Whetton

Penelope Whetton (5 January 1958 – 11 September 2019) was an Australian climatologist. She was an expert in regional climate change effects due to global warming and in the impacts of those changes. Her primary scientific focus was Australia.

In 1989, she joined the Atmospheric Research division of CSIRO (later becoming CMAR CSIRO Marine and Atmospheric Research). She was one of the of the of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. 

Whetton was born in Melbourne. She was married to Senator Janet Rice. In 2003, she had sexual reassignment surgery. Whetton died on 11 September 2019 in Sisters Beach, Tasmania at the age of 61.

Luigi Colani

Luigi Colani (born Lutz Colani; 2 August 1928 – 16 September 2019) was a German industrial designer. He was born in Berlin. His long career began in the 1950s when he designed cars for companies including Fiat, Alfa Romeo, Lancia, Volkswagen, and BMW. 

Colani died in Karlsruhe on 16 September 2019 at the age of 91.


Steve Dalachinsky

Steven Donald Dalachinsky (September 29, 1946 – Septemeber 16, 2019) was an American poet. He was from New York City. 

He was a 2014 recipient of a Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, received the Franz Kafka Prize, Acker Award, PEN Oakland/Josephine Miles Literary Award and was nominated for a 2015 Pushcart Prize. 

Dalachinsky died of a stroke on September 16, 2019 at a hospital in Long Island, New York at the age of 72.


H. S. Dillon

Harbrinderjit Singh Dillon (23 April 1945 – 16 September 2019) was an Indonesian Sikh and political/human rights activist. He was Assistant to the Minister of Agriculture and Commissioner of the National Commission on Human Rights. He was an outspoken critic of corruption in Indonesia.

Dillon died on 16 September 2019 at a hospital in Jakarta at the age of 74.


Sakahoko Nobushige

Sakahoko Nobushige (born as Yoshiaki Fukuzono; 18 June 1961 – 16 September 2019) was a Japanese sumo wrestler. His highest rank was "sekiwake." He later became the head coach of Izutsu stable. He was the elder brother of Terao Tsunefumi. Nobushige was born in Kagoshima, Japan. Sakahoko made his professional debut in January 1978.

Sakahoko died of pancreatic cancer on 16 September 2019 at the age of 58.


Khem Singh Gill

Khem Singh Gill (1 September 1930 – 17 September 2019) was an Indian academic, geneticist and plant breeder. He was a former Vice-Chancellor of the Punjab Agricultural University from 1990 through 1993.

Amrit Sanskar

Amrit Sanchar ("nectar ceremony"; also called Amrit sanskar, Amrit Parchar, or Khande di Pahul), is the name given in the Sikh tradition to the Baptism ceremony which is also known as the initiation ceremony into the Khalsa "brotherhood". The word Pahul or Puhul is a derivative from a substantive, "pahu" — meaning an agent which brightens, accelerates or sharpens the potentialities of a given object. In Sikhism, the baptised Sikh is also called an Amritdhari, literally meaning "Amrit Taker" or one who has ‘Taken on Amrit’. 

This practice has been in existence since the times of Guru Nanak Dev (1469 - 1539). During that time-period, this ceremony was known as Charan Amrit or Charan Phul or the Pag Pahul, the words "Charan" and "Pag" both signifying the foot of the teacher. During that time-period, the neophytes poured water over Guru's toe to be initiated into the fold. When the Guru was not present, the "masands" or the local "sangat" leaders officiated. The water was poured on Guru's toe and then the devotees would drink it and seek blessings of the Guru. The Guru would guide the Sikhs about the Sikh teachings and instruct them to adopt them as a way of life.

Khande di Pahul (Amrit ceremony) was initiated in the times of Guru Gobind Singh when Khalsa was inaugurated at Sri Anandpur Sahib on the day of Baisakhi in 1699. Guru Gobind Singh asked a gathering of Sikhs, "who is prepared to die for God?" At first, the people hesitated, and then one man stepped forward, and he was taken to a tent. After some time, Guru Gobind Singh came out of the tent, with blood dripping from his sword. He asked the same question again. After the next four volunteers were in the tent, he reappeared with the five, who were now all dressed like him. These five men came to be known as Panj Pyares or the Beloved Five. These five were initiated into the Khalsa by receiving Amrit. These five were Bhai Daya Singh, Bhai Mukham Singh, Bhai Sahib Singh, Bhai Dharam Singh and Bhai Himmat Singh. Sikh men were then given the name ""Singh"" meaning "lion" and the women received the last name ""Kaur"" meaning "princess"

"Khande Di Pahul" not only embodies the primary objects of Sikh faith and the promises connected therewith, but also is itself a promise to lead a pure and pious life to unite with Almighty Lord. It is about inward cleansing of the conscience and seeking unity with The Supreme Lord through His Grace. The word "Pahul" is a derivative from the substantive, "Pahu"- which is an agent which brightens, accelerates or sharpens the potentialities of a given object.

Amrit Chhakhna refers to the drinking of the Amrit or the Nectar. The Amrit is administered in the presence of the holy text of the Sikhs, the Guru Granth Sahib which is consideded the 11th Guru. The candidates take a full bath, wear the five 5 Kakas and present themselves before the Guru Granth Sahib for initiation of Amrit.

The five Sikhs, who represent the five beloved, who have led a virtuous life and have strictly observed the Sikh discipline are chosen to prepare and administer the Amrit. The candidates for baptism are apprised of the Amrit conditions for acceptance before the ceremony is started. They are apprised about the pure and virtuous life they must lead. When the candidates agree to live by the discipline and code of Sikh conduct, the "Panj Pyares" start preparing the Amrit.

A "Sarb Loh" (Iron or steel) cauldron (Bata or bowl) is filled with clean water. Some "Patashas" (sugar crystals/plums) are poured into the water. The Five Beloveds then sit in "Vir Asan" ( seated on the ground with left knee down and the right knee up) around the cauldron.

The mixture of Amrit is stirred with a "Khanda" while the Panj Pyares recite path of five Banis ("Japji Sahib", "Jaap Sahib", "Sawayae", "Chaupai Sahib" and "Anand Sahib") from Sri Guru Granth Sahib and Dasam Granth with attention and full concentration on the Amrit preparation in the cauldron. The solution thus prepared is called Amrit (nectar of immortality).

In this religion, it is believed that it should not be taken into mind that Amrit Chhakhna is the end purpose. It is the start of one's journey on a right path to attain a pure and pious life which is essential to attain God (according to the Guru Granth Sahib). It is not something external.

The person to become "Amritdhari" must wear the five holy symbols.


Brian McClendon

Brian McClendon (born 1964) is an American software designer, developer, and engineer. He was a co-founder and angel investor in Keyhole, Inc.. Keyhole is a geospatial data visualization company that was purchased by Google in 2004. Google bought it so they could create Google Earth. He was inducted into the National Academy of Engineering in 2015.

McClendon grew up in Lawrence, Kansas. His childhood home, Meadowbrook Apartments in Lawrence, is the default center point of Google Earth. He graduated from Lawrence High School in 1982. He graduated from the University of Kansas in 1986 with a degree in electrical engineering.

McClendon became a vice president at Google in 2004. This was when Google purchased Keyhole. Keyhole's main application suite, Earth Viewer, formed the basis of Google Earth.

He left Google to join Uber in June 2015. He did this to work on mapping.

In March 2017, he quit Uber (though was still an adviser) to return to his hometown. He said he was interested in Kansas politics.

In January 2018, he said he would run for Kansas Secretary of State as a Democrat. He had no opponent in the primary election. He was selected as the Democratic candidate. He was defeated in the general election by the Republican candidate Scott Schwab.


Alan Mulally

Alan Roger Mulally (born August 4, 1945) is an American engineer, business executive, and former President and Chief Executive Officer of the Ford Motor Company. He retired from Ford Motor Company on July 1, 2014. Ford had been struggling during the late-2000s recession. Mulally made it profitable again. Because of him, Ford was the only American major car manufacturer to avoid a bailout fund given by the government. On July 15, 2014, he was chosen to be on the Google Board of Directors.

Mulally was the executive vice president of Boeing and the CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA). He started his career with Boeing as an engineer in 1969. He was mostly credited with BCA's against Airbus in the mid-2000s. In 2015, Mulally was inducted into the International Air & Space Hall of Fame at the San Diego Air & Space Museum.

Mulally was born in Oakland, California. He was the son of Lauraine Lizette (Clark) and Charles R. Mulally, who met at a USO dance. Mulally grew up in his mother's hometown of Lawrence, Kansas. This was where he was a member of Plymouth Congregational Church. He considered Rev. Dale Turner "a mentor and an inspiration". He used to sit at the front of the church to study the minister's influence on the congregation. Mulally said that he was motivated at the age of 17 by president John F. Kennedy's challenge to send a man to the moon.

Mulally graduated from the University of Kansas. It was also his mother's alma mater. He graduated with Bachelor of Science (1968) and Master of Science (1969) degrees in aeronautical and astronautical engineering. He was also a member of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity.


Lawrence High School (Kansas)

Lawrence High School (LHS) is a public secondary school in Lawrence, Kansas, USA. It is operated by Unified School District 497. It serves students of grades 9 to 12. The school is one of the two public high schools located in the city. Lawrence High had 1,260 students in the 2007–2008 school year. The school colors are red and black. The mascot is the "Chesty Lion".

Lawrence High School was created in 1857. It was created to help educate Lawrence because there were a lot of people living there. The first classes were held in the basement of a Unitarian Church. Three years later, the school was moved to the current place of Liberty Memorial Central Middle School, on Massachusetts Street. In 1930, the Lion became the school symbol. In 1946, it made its official debut as the school mascot. Lawrence High moved to its current place on Louisiana Street in 1954.

Currently Lawrence High has more than 100 state championships in various sports, one of the highest totals in the United States. The first state championship was won in 1914 in boys basketball. Due to the success of Lawrence High and the University of Kansas, Lawrence was featured as a candidate for Titletown, United States by ESPN.

The Lawrence High School Chesty Lions have 31 undefeated seasons in football. This is the most in the United States. The Chesty Lions won a High School Football National Championship in 1960. From 1930–2008, games were played at Haskell Memorial Stadium. Once the new football stadium was finished being built at Lawrence High School, the football team started playing games at the new stadium in 2009.

Lawrence High has won the following state championships:


Centre hospitalier intercommunal de Poissy-Saint-Germain-en-Laye

The Centre hospitalier intercommunal de Poissy-Saint-Germain-en-Laye is a well-known hospital in the Poissy and Saint-Germain-en-Laye, close to Paris. It was created in 1997.
It is partner of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines.


Manuel Delgado Parker

Manuel Delgado Parker (November 18, 1936 – 16 September 2019) was a Peruvian businessman. He was born in Lima. He founded the media company Grupo RPP. In 1990 Manuel founded the Society of Latin America Broadcasting, made up of the main radio networks of Ecuador, Colombia, Venezuela Bolivia and Argentina. He was responsible for leading Panamericana Televisión during the 1990s.

Delgado Parker died on 16 September 2019 in Lima at the age of 82.

Cokie Roberts

Mary Martha Corinne Morrison Claiborne Roberts (née Boggs; December 27, 1943 – September 17, 2019), known as Cokie Roberts, was an American journalist, political commentator and bestselling author. 

Her career as a political reporter and analyst included working for National Public Radio and ABC News. She also appeared on "Morning Edition", "The MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour", "World News Tonight", and "This Week".

In 2002, Roberts was diagnosed with breast cancer. She died from problems of the disease in Washington, D.C. on September 17, 2019 at the age of 75.


Hale Boggs

Thomas Hale Boggs Sr. (February 15, 1914 – disappeared October 16, 1972) was an American Democratic politician and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Orleans, Louisiana. He was the House majority leader and a member of the Warren Commission.

In October 1972, Boggs was travelling with congressman Nick Begich, of Alaska, and two others when the plane disappeared while flying from Anchorage to Juneau, Alaska. He was declared dead in declared dead in "absentia" in December 1972.


Declared death in absentia

A person may be legally declared dead , i.e. a legal presumption of death may be declared, despite without proof of the person's death, such as the finding of remains (e.g., a corpse or skeleton) of that person. Such a declaration is usually made when a person has been missing for a long amount of time. If there is lack of evidence that the person is still alive after a period of time, then they could be legally declared dead. Amelia Earhart was declared dead "in absentia".

Board of education

A board of education, school committee or school board is the board of directors or board of trustees of a school, local school district or anything like those.

For over a century, local boards were responsible for public education funding, standards, instruction, and results. To a extent is still true. At their height in the 1930s, there were as many as 127,500 boards. Some rural states had more school board members than teachers. Such boards looked over school systems serving agrarian and industrial economies.

School district

A school district is a special-purpose district that runs local public primary and secondary schools in various nations.

In the U.S, public schools belong to school districts. They are governed by school boards.

School districts in the Midwest and West often cross city borders. School districts in New England and the Mid-Atlantic regions tend to stay inside of city, township, and/or county boundaries.



John W. McCormack

John William McCormack (December 21, 1891 – November 22, 1980) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a Democrat. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1928 through 1971. He was the 45th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1962 until his 1971 retirement.

McCormack died of pneumonia in a Dedham, Massachusetts nursing home on November 22, 1980 at the age of 88.


Special-purpose district

Special districts (also known as special service districts, special district governments, limited purpose entities, or special-purpose districts in the United States) are independent, special-purpose governmental units that exist separately from local governments such as county, municipal, and township governments. They have a lot of independence in their administration and funding. They are created to do a single task or a many similar tasks. The U.S. Census Bureau says that school districts aren't "special district governments". In 2007, the U.S. had more than 37,000 special district governments.




Joseph W. Martin Jr.

Joseph William Martin Jr. (November 3, 1884 – March 6, 1968) was an American politician. He was the 44th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1947 to 1949 and 1953 to 1955. He represented Massachusetts in the United States House of Representatives from 1925 through 1967. He was the only Republican become Speaker in a sixty-four year period from 1931 to 1995.

North Attleborough, Massachusetts

North Attleborough, alternatively spelled North Attleboro, is a town in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 30,834 at the 2020 United States Census.

Kingston, Tennessee

Kingston is a city in and the county seat of Roane County, Tennessee, United States. This city is thirty-six miles southwest of Knoxville. It had a population of 5,953 at the 2020 United States census.

Stanley Stair

Stanley Stair (October 1900 – April 2008) was the last British West Indies Regiment veteran. He joined in Jamaica in 1916. He dug trenches in France. He lied about his age. Of the group of friends he had enlisted with in Jamaica, he was the only one to survive the war. At the end of the war he was awarded the British War Medal and the Victory Medal. 

He died in Animal Hill, Lucea, Jamaica, in April 2008 at the age of 107.

James Robertson (judge)

James Robertson (May 18, 1938 – September 7, 2019) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia from 1994 until his retirement in June 2010. Robertson also was on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court from 2002 until December 2005, when he resigned from that court in protest against warrantless wiretapping. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Robertson died on September 7, 2019 at the age of 81, in Washington, D.C. from heart failure.

Henri de Contenson

Henri de Contenson (4 March 1926 – 8 September 2019) was a French archaeologist. He was the Research Director at the CNRS, The Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (National Center for Scientific Research), a research organization funded by France's Ministry of Research. He was born in Paris. He was Assistant Director of archaeological digs in the Middle East from 1951 to 1976. 

de Contenson died in Paris on 8 September 2019 at the age of 93.

Sander Vanocur

Sander "Sandy" Vanocur (; born Alexander Vinocur, January 8, 1928 – September 16, 2019) was an American television journalist and actor. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He focused on national electoral politics. After leaving NBC in 1971, Vanocur worked for PBS and as a television writer for "The Washington Post". He joined ABC News in 1977 and worked there until 1991.

Vanocur hosted two of the History Channel's primetime series: "Movies in Time" and "History's Business". His work at NBC earned him a place on the Nixon administration's "enemies list". He played himself in the 1994 television movie "Without Warning".

Vanocur died in Santa Barbara, California on September 16, 2019 from dementia-related problems at the age of 91. 

Cynthia Cockburn

Cynthia Cockburn (1934 – 12 September 2019) was a British academic, feminist journalist, and peace activist. She was active in the international women's peace movement. Cockburn was a visiting professor in the Department of Sociology at City University London and honorary professor in the Centre for the Study of Women and Gender at the University of Warwick.

Cockburn was widely published in academic journals, including in "Feminist Review," "Gender & Development,"" Journal of Classical Sociology", "Peace in Process."

Cockburn died on 13 September 2019 of thyroid cancer at her London home at the age of 85.


Dennis Edwards (footballer)

Dennis Edwards (19 January 1937 – 13 September 2019) was an English professional footballer. He played as an inside forward in the Football League.

He played for Charlton Athletic, for whom he made over 170 appearances. He also played league football for Portsmouth, Brentford and Aldershot. He was a goalscorer in non-league football for Slough Town and Wycombe Wanderers. He capped by England at amateur level.

Edwards died on 13 September 2019 in Denmead, Portsmouth at the age of 82.

Edwards was educated at the Lea School and Slough Grammar School. After leaving school he worked as a clerk for ICI and served his national service in the RAF. Edwards was a Brentford supporter. After retiring from football, he lived in Denmead and established a frozen food business.

Slough Town


Denmead

Denmead is a village in Hampshire near Portsmouth, England. It is part of the City of Winchester district. At the 2011 Census the population had increased to 6,736.

Hallmark Cards

Hallmark Cards, Inc. is a private, family-owned American company in Kansas City, Missouri. It was created in 1910 by Joyce Hall. Hallmark is the oldest and biggest manufacturer of greeting cards in the United States. In 1985, the company was awarded the National Medal of Arts.

Worldwide, Hallmark has over 27,000 employees; 20,000 of them work in the United States. About 5,600 of them are full-time employees. About 2,700 Hallmark employees work at the Kansas City headquarters.


Ye Xuanping

Ye Xuanping (; 20 December 1924 – 17 September 2019) was a Chinese politician. He was Mayor of Guangzhou from 1985 to 1991 and Governor of Guangdong from 1985 to 1991. Ye was born in Meixian, Guangdong. Ye was a strong supporter of Deng Xiaoping's reform and opening policy. 

Ye died on 17 September 2019 in Guangdong at the age of 94.

Roane County, Tennessee

Roane County is a county of the U.S. state of Tennessee. As of the 2020 census, the population was 53,404. Its county seat is Kingston. Roane County is included in the Knoxville Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Oz (programming language)

Oz is a multiparadigm programming language, developed in the Programming Systems Lab at Université catholique de Louvain, for programming language education. It has a canonical textbook: Concepts, Techniques, and Models of Computer Programming. Oz was first designed by Gert Smolka and his students in 1991.

INX Media case

INX Media case is the alleged money laundering case. Former finance minister of India, his son and owners of INX media are main accused in this alleged scam. When P Chidambaram was the finance minister of India then INX Media received fund of ₹305 crore (3050 million) while they were just allowed to receive only ₹4.62 crore (46 million).

Monetary authority

In finance and economics, a monetary authority is the organization which controls the money supply of a currency. Their goal is to control inflation, interest rates, real GDP or the unemployment rate. With its monetary tools, a monetary authority is able to effectively influence the development of short-term interest rates for that currency. However, they can also influence other things which control the cost and availability of money.

A monetary authority is usually a central bank or currency board. Central banks usually have a some independence from the government and its political decisions. However, depending on the political set-up, governments can sometimes have almost total control over monetary policy if they are allowed to influence or control their central bank.

Money supply

The money supply (or money stock) is the total value of money available in an economy at a point of time. There are many ways to define "money". Normal measures usually include currency in circulation and demand deposits. Each country’s central bank may use its own definitions of what they consider to be money for its purposes.

Money supply data is recorded and published. It is done usually by the government or the central bank of the country. Public and private sector analysts look at changes in the money supply. This is because they believe that changes affect the price level of securities, inflation, the exchange rates and the business cycle.

Money is used as a medium of exchange, a unit of account, and as a ready store of value.

The different types of money are typically classified as "M"s. The "M"s usually range from M0 (narrowest) to M3 (broadest) but which "M"s are actually focused on in policy formulation depends on the country's central bank. The typical layout for each of the "M"s is as follows:

The ratio of a pair of these measures, most often M2 / M0, is called an (actual, empirical) money multiplier.


Monetary policy

Monetary policy is the policy used by the monetary authority of a country that controls either the interest rate that can be paid on very short-term borrowing or the money supply. They often target inflation or the interest rate to help make price stability and general trust in the currency.

Other goals of a monetary policy are usually to help make the gross domestic product more stable, to get and keep low unemployment, and to have predictable exchange rates with other currencies.


Frank Bowling

Sir Richard Sheridan Franklin Bowling (born 26 February 1934), known as Frank Bowling, is a Guyana-born British artist. His paintings relate to Abstract expressionism, Color Field painting and Lyrical Abstraction.

Bowling now spends part of each year between London and New York, where he has studios.

Bowling's paintings have been shown in numerous exhibitions in Europe, the United Kingdom and the United States and are included in major private and corporate collections worldwide. 

His work can also be seen in the permanent collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and Museum of Modern Art in New York, as well as the Tate Gallery in London.

Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville

Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville was a Frenchman who invented the earliest known sound recording device known as the Phonautograph. He was born in Paris in 1817 he’s profession was printing and book selling. He died in 1879.

In 2008, a group of researchers discovered the phonautogram that was recorded on 9 April 1860. It is a French folk song called Au Clair de la lune. Scientists believe that the person singing the song was Scott de Martinville the inventor him self. The audio discovery became the oldest recorded sound of a person.

Ady Barkan

Orhad "Ady" Barkan (December 18, 1983 – November 1, 2023) was an American lawyer and progressive activist. He was the co-founder of the Be a Hero PAC and is an organizer for the Center for Popular Democracy. Barkan became known when he told then-U.S. Senator Jeff Flake on a plane back in 2017 asking him to "be a hero" and vote no on the tax bill.

Barkan was diagnosed with terminal ALS in 2016. He had died from complications of ALS at a hospital in Santa Barbara, California at the age of 39.

Graeme Gibson

Graeme C. Gibson (9 August 1934 – 18 September 2019) was a Canadian novelist. He was a Member of the Order of Canada (1992). He was one of the organizers of the Writer's Union of Canada (chair, 1974–75). He was also a founder of the Writers' Trust of Canada.

Gibson was in a partnership with fellow Canadian novelist Margaret Atwood from 1973 until his death.

In April 2017, Gibson was diagnosed with dementia. He died on 18 September 2019 in a hospital in London, England at the age of 85.

Tony Mills

Anthony Paul "Tony" Mills (7 July 1962 – 18 September 2019) was an English rock singer. He was best known for his work with Shy and TNT. Mills was born in Solihull, Warwickshire, England.

In April 2019, Mills announced that he was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer. He died on 18 September 2019 at the age of 57.

Shyam Ramsay

Shyam Ramsay (17 May 1952 – 18 September 2019) was an Indian movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was one of the seven Ramsay Brothers. He was active during the 1970s and the 1980s. He was known for directing horror movies such as "Darwaza", "Purana Mandir" and "Veerana". Ramsay wrote the screenplay for "Zee Horror Show"

Ramsay was born in Bombay. He died on 18 September 2019 from pneumonia at the age of 67.

Blue Beetle

Blue Beetle is the name of three fictional superheroes who appear in DC Comics. They bought the rights to the character in 1983, using the name for three distinct characters over the years. 

The original Blue Beetle was created by Charles Nicholas Wojtkoski and Fox Comics and later owned by Charlton Comics. The first Blue Beetle was Dan Garret (later spelled Dan Garrett), who initially gained superpowers from a special vitamin, which was later changed to gaining powers from a "sacred scarab". The original Blue Beetle was featured in not only his own comic but also a weekly radio serial. 

The second Blue Beetle, created by Charlton and later taken over by DC Comics, was the successor to Dan Garrett known as Ted Kord. Kord "jumped" to the DC Comics universe during the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" alongside a number of other Charlton Comics characters. The second Blue Beetle later starred in his own 24-issue comic. Kord never had any super powers but used science to create various devices to help him fight crime. He became a member of the Justice League of America and was later killed during the prelude to DC Comics' "Infinite Crisis" cross over. 

The third Blue Beetle, created by DC Comics, is Jaime Reyes, a teenager who discovered that the original Blue Beetle scarab morphed into a battle suit allowing him to fight crime and travel in space.

A movie about Blue Beetle was released in 2023 by Warner Bros. with Xolo Maridueña playing the main character.


Blue Beetle (Jaime Reyes)

Blue Beetle (Jaime Reyes) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It was created by Keith Giffen, John Rogers, and Cully Hamner. The character made his first appearance in "Infinite Crisis" #3 (February 2006).

Jaime Reyes is the third character to become Blue Beetle. He was revealed to be alien in origin. Though only a teenager, Reyes quickly forms a working relationship with Kord's former teammate and best friend Booster Gold and is added into the Teen Titans.

Xolo Maridueña plays Reyes in the DC Extended Universe movie "Blue Beetle" (2023).

Teen Titans

The Teen Titans are a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The members are teenage superheroes, many of whom have acted as sidekicks to DC's premier superheroes in the Justice League. The original team later becomes known as the Titans when the members age out of their teenage years. The team was formed by Dick Grayson / Robin. Known members include: Robin, Beast Boy, Starfire, Raven and Cyborg.

Raven (DC Comics)

Raven is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character first appeared in a special insert in "DC Comics Presents" #26 (October 1980). She was created by writer Marv Wolfman and artist George Pérez. She is a known member of the superhero team Teen Titans. 

The character also goes by the alias Rachel Roth as a false civilian name.

Raven has appeared in numerous cartoon television shows and movies, including as one of the Teen Titans in Cartoon Network's eponymous series, voiced by Tara Strong. Rachel Roth makes her live adaptation debut in the DC Universe series "Titans", played by Teagan Croft.


Beast Boy

Beast Boy (Garfield "Gar" Logan) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He was created by writer Arnold Drake and artist Bob Brown. He is a shapeshifter (changes his body form) to any animal he chooses. The character first appeared in "The Doom Patrol" #99 (November 1965). He is a known member of the Teen Titans.

Beast Boy has appeared in many cartoon television shows and movies, including as one of the Teen Titans in Cartoon Network's eponymous series, voiced by Greg Cipes and appeared on "Titans", played by Ryan Potter. Beast Boy also appears in Teen Titans Go!


Starfire (Teen Titans)

Starfire (Princess Koriand'r) is a fictional superheroine appearing in books published by DC Comics. She made her first appearance in "DC Comics Presents" #26 (October 1980). She was created by Marv Wolfman and George Pérez. 

The name "Starfire" first appeared in a DC Comic in the story "The Answer Man of Space", in "Mystery in Space" #73, February 1962, written by Gardner F. Fox.

In 2013, Starfire placed 21st on IGN's "Top 25 Heroes of DC Comics".

Starfire has appeared in many cartoon television shows and movies, including as a member of the Teen Titans in Cartoon Network's eponymous series, voiced by Hynden Walch. She also appears in the DC Universe series "Titans", played by Anna Diop.


Solomon Grundy (comics)

Solomon Grundy is a fictional supervillain in DC Comics and an antihero in the DC Animated Universe. He was seen as a murder victim brought back to life as a mega zombie. He is named after the 19th century nursery rhyme "Solomon Grundy".

Grundy was first seen as an enemy of comic book hero Green Lantern, but has since become a known enemy for many superheroes such as Superman, Batman, the Green Lantern, and the Flash.

The character made his live-action debut as Cyrus Gold in the second season of the Arrowverse series "Arrow", and Butch Gilzean on Fox's television series "Gotham". Solomon Grundy also appeared in CGI form in the first and second seasons of the television series "Stargirl" for DC Universe and The CW network.


Reverse-Flash

Reverse-Flash is a name used by many fictional supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
A known version of the character is Edward Clariss (also known as the Rival and Rival Flash) first appeared in "Flash Comics" #104 (February 1949), and was created by John Broome and Joe Kubert. Another well-known version is Eobard Thawne.

The character's design is the complete opposite of the Flash with a yellow suit and red flash design.

Brainiac (character)

Brainiac is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Alongside, Lex Luthor, he is seen as a top enemy of Superman and the Justice League.

Brainiac is seen as an extraterrestrial cyborg or android. He is responsible for shrinking and stealing Kandor, the capital city of Superman's home planet Krypton. 

His name is a portmanteau of the words "brain" and "maniac". In 2009, Brainiac was ranked as IGN's 17th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.

Killer Frost

Killer Frost is a name used by several fictional female supervillains and superheroes appearing in comic books published by DC Comics: Crystal Frost, Louise Lincoln and Caitlin Snow. She is a known villain towards the superhero Firestorm.

In television shows and video games, she is voiced by Jennifer Hale. Danielle Panabaker plays the character on the shared DC "Arrowverse" shows, where she is a main character on the television series "The Flash".

Firestorm (character)

Firestorm is the name of many fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Ronnie Raymond and Martin Stein were the first incarnation in "Firestorm, the Nuclear Man"  1 (March 1978) and were created by Gerry Conway and Al Milgrom. 

Firestorm is featured in The CW's "Arrowverse", played by Robbie Amell, Victor Garber, and Franz Drameh.

Celtic punk

Celtic punk is punk rock mixed with traditional Celtic music. 

Celtic punk bands often play covers of traditional Irish, Welsh or Scottish folk and political songs. They will often make original songs too. Common themes in Celtic punk music include politics, Celtic culture and identity, heritage, religion, drinking and working class pride.

The genre became popular in the 1980s by The Pogues. The Pogues are a band of London Irish punk musicians in London. They celebrated their Irish heritage.

The term "Celtic punk" is usually used to describe bands who base their music in Irish or Scottish traditional music. It is considered part of the more general folk punk genre. However, folk punk is usually used for bands that use English, American and other forms of folk music as inspiration. 

The usual Celtic punk band includes a rock instrument as well as traditional instruments such as bagpipes, fiddle, tin whistle, accordion, mandolin, and banjo. Like Celtic rock, Celtic punk is a form of Celtic fusion. 


Deadshot

Deadshot (Floyd Lawton) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It was created by David Vern Reed, Lew Schwartz, and Bob Kane. The character made his first appearance in "Batman" #59 (June–July 1950). Deadshot is a villain of the superhero Batman. He is seen as a supervillain, though he is sometimes depicted as an antihero.

IGN's ranked Deadshot as the 43rd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time in 2009. In the live-action 2016 movie "Suicide Squad", he was played by Will Smith.

Captain Boomerang

Captain Boomerang (George "Digger" Harkness) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is an enemy of both the Barry Allen and Wally West versions of the Flash. It was created by writer John Broome and artist Carmine Infantino. Captain Boomerang first appeared in "The Flash" #117 (December 1960). He has also been a known member of the Suicide Squad since its second iteration.

Digger Harkness is portrayed in the Arrowverse live-action DC television shows by Nick E. Tarabay, and by Jai Courtney in the 2016 "Suicide Squad" movie and returned in the sequel set in the DC Extended Universe.


King Shark

King Shark (Nanaue) is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by writer Karl Kesel and artist Tom Grummett. It made a brief cameo in "Superboy" #0 (October 1994) before making his first full appearance in "Superboy" #9 (November 1994).

King Shark appears on the Arrowverse television series "The Flash" with Dan Payne. The character will make his cinematic debut in James Gunn's "The Suicide Squad" sequel in 2021 with his voice provided by comedian Steve Agee.

Tall Girl

Tall Girl is a 2019 American teen romantic comedy film. It was directed by Nzingha Stewart, from a screenplay by Sam Wolfson. It stars Ava Michelle, Griffin Gluck, Sabrina Carpenter, Paris Berelc, Luke Eisner, Clara Wilsey, Anjelika Washington, Rico Paris, Angela Kinsey, and Steve Zahn. It was released by Netflix on September 13, 2019. A sequel to the film was released on February 11, 2022.

Jodi Kreyman is 16 and tall. She has been tall for her age since she was three, which has made her insecure her whole life. Students continually ask Jodi, "how's the weather up there?". In contrast, Jodi's older sister Harper is of average height and a multiple beauty pageant winner. Jack Dunkleman, a life-long friend, frequently asks her out, but she is reluctant, partly because he's much shorter than her.

Stig Mohlin, a Swedish foreign exchange student, joins Jodi's class, and she is immediately interested, along with most girls in her school. However, Kimmy Stitcher, her bully, starts showing him around. Dunkleman is distressed to learn that Stig will be staying at his house as the host family. Jodi asks Harper for help getting Stig to notice her. Harper and their mother help her with a complete makeover.

Kimmy and Schnipper prank call Jodi, pretending to be Stig and asking her to homecoming. To Fareeda's frustration, Jodi hides in the bathroom to avoid Kimmy. Stumbling across Stig playing the piano, he encourages her to play, and they sing the duet "I've Never Been in Love Before" from the musical "Guys and Dolls".

Jodi finds her father has organized a Tip Toppers (tall people club) chapter meeting in their house, which she finds upsetting. Stig calls, and at first, thinking it is another prank call, she yells at him, but he invites her to watch a musical. She turns up to Dunkleman's house, and he becomes jealous when he realizes she is there to see Stig. He continually interrupts their evening, but as Stig escorts Jodi home, they kiss. Later, feeling guilty, Stig asks Dunkleman for advice, and he tells him to focus on being with Kimmy. Jodi gets angry at Dunkleman when she learns this.

Meanwhile, another girl—Liz—asks Dunkleman on a date. Schnipper is now interested in Jodi, so he gets Kimmy to ask her to join them for an escape room; Jodi ditches a concert with Fareeda to go. In the escape room, they kiss in couples: Jodi and Schnipper, Kimmy and Stig, and Dunkleman and Liz, until Jodi gets frustrated and leaves. Jealous, Stig talks to Jodi and agrees to go on a date to Harper's pageant competition. Harper wins, but Stig does not turn up. At Dunkleman's party, Stig explains that he lost track of time helping Dunkleman set up.

Dunkleman rejects Liz when she asks him to the homecoming dance. He gives Jodi platform heels to apologize for being a bad friend. Jodi is sent a video from after she left the party. Stig pretended that Jodi had an unrequited love for him. Standing up for Jodi, Dunkleman first called him out. Then he had a fistfight with Schnipper.

At the homecoming dance, Kimmy and Stig are crowned Homecoming Queen and King, but he breaks up with her. Jodi arrives in the high heels Dunkleman gave her and made a speech expressing newfound confidence in herself. Stig asks Jodi out, but she rejects him. She talks to Dunkleman: he reveals the reason he always carries a milk crate. He stands on it and leans in to kiss her.


Red Hood

The Red Hood is an alias used by multiple fictional characters and a criminal organization in comic books published by DC Comics. 

Jason Todd is the most widely known character to use this persona, and he becomes the Red Hood identity in the main DC Comics continuity. Joker had also assumed the character's identity.

Lobo (DC Comics)

Lobo is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by DC Comics. The Lobo character was created by Roger Slifer and Keith Giffen. He first appeared in "Omega Men" #3 (June 1983). Lobo is an alien born on the utopian planet of Czarnia. He works as an interstellar mercenary and bounty hunter.

Lobo was voiced by Brad Garrett, Greg Eagles, Kevin Michael Richardson, David Sobolov and John DiMaggio in cartoons and video games.


Mister Mxyzptlk

Mister Mxyzptlk ( , ), sometimes called Mxy, is a fictional impish character who appears in DC Comics' Superman comic books, sometimes as a supervillain and other times as an antihero.

Mr. Mxyzptlk was created to appear in "Superman" #30 (September / October 1944), in the story "The Mysterious Mr. Mxyzptlk", by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Ira Yarborough.

He is usually presented as a trickster, in the classical mythological sense, in that he possesses reality warping powers with which he enjoys tormenting Superman in a cartoonish way. In most of his appearances in DC Comics, he can be stopped only by tricking him into saying or spelling his own name backwards (Kltpzyxm - ""kel-tip-zix-um""), which will return him to his home in the 5th dimension and keep him there for a minimum of ninety days. However, this specific limitation of the character has been eliminated since the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" reboot, upon which the character leaves only when he willingly agrees to do so after meeting some conditions he sets, such as having Superman succeed in getting Mxyzptlk to paint his own face blue.

The character appeared in live-action by Howie Mandel in the 1993 television series "". The character renamed Mikhail Mxyzptlk also appeared in the television series "Smallville" played by Trent Ford. Mxyzptlk appears in the television series "Supergirl" played by Peter Gadiot in the second season and by Thomas Lennon in the fifth season.

In 2009, Mister Mxyzptlk was ranked as IGN's 76th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.

Suicide Squad

The Suicide Squad is a fictional supervillain team appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The first version of the Suicide Squad debuted in "The Brave and the Bold" #25 (September 1959) and the second and modern version, created by John Ostrander. One of the two teams saves the world from a threatening race of savages.

The team was formed by Amanda Waller. Members of the group are: Captain Boomerang, Deadshot, Enchantress, Harley Quinn, Katana and Killer Croc.

In 2016, a movie version of the group was made. Another movie, "The Suicide Squad", was released in 2021.

Birds of Prey (comics)

Birds of Prey is the name of many American comic book series, miniseries, and special editions published by DC Comics since 1996. The group was created by Black Canary and Barbara Gordon. The group is initially based in Gotham City and later operates in Metropolis.

The series was created by Jordan B. Gorfinkel and originally written by Chuck Dixon. Gail Simone scripted the comic from issue #56 to #108.

In 2020, a movie of the comic group was made.

Amanda Waller

Amanda Blake Waller is a fictional main character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character first appeared in "Legends" #1 in 1986, and was created by John Ostrander, Len Wein, and John Byrne. 

Amanda Waller is a villain and sometimes ally to the superheroes of the DC Universe. She created the anti-hero group Suicide Squad.

Waller is played by Viola Davis in the live-action DC Extended Universe movie "Suicide Squad" (2016). Davis returned to portray the role in the sequel "The Suicide Squad" (2021), "Black Adam" (2022), and in the HBO Max streaming television series "Peacemaker" (2022-present).


Enchantress (DC Comics)

The Enchantress is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She was created by Bob Haney and Howard Purcell. The character made her first appearance in "Strange Adventures" #187 (April 1966).

The character, whose real name is June Moone, is seen as an antihero. She appears in the fifth volume of the "Suicide Squad" comic series, in which she is a regular member of the team and a romantic interest of Killer Croc. 

The Enchantress was played by Cara Delevingne in the 2016 movie "Suicide Squad", which is part of the DC Extended Universe.

Katana (comics)

Katana () is a fictional superheroine that appears in comic books published by DC Comics. 

First appearing in 1983, Katana is a samurai warrior whose skill with a sword allows her to fight for justice as a superhero. 

Her tragic backstory includes the death of her husband, Maseo, whose soul becomes trapped in her blade, the Soultaker. 

Katana has been seen in many DC Comics superhero teams, including the Justice League and the Birds of Prey, but is most commonly seen with the team known as the Outsiders, a team of heroes hand-picked by Batman.

In the 2016 movie "Suicide Squad", the character is played by actress Karen Fukuhara, which is part of the DC Extended Universe.


Karen Fukuhara

Karen Fukuhara (born February 10, 1992) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Katana in the 2016 DC superhero movie "Suicide Squad" and as The Female in the 2019 Amazon Prime original series "The Boys". 

She is also known for voicing the character Glimmer in the Netflix series "She-Ra and the Princesses of Power".

Celtic rock

Celtic rock is a genre of folk rock. It is also a type of Celtic fusion which uses Celtic music, instrumentation and themes into rock music. It has been popular since the early 1970s. It was an important foundation for developing of very successful mainstream Celtic bands and popular musical performers. It was also important for creating other types of music genres. It is important keeping and defining regional and national identities and in fostering a pan-Celtic culture. It has also helped to introduce those cultures to other people.

The style of music is the combination of traditional Irish, Scottish Gaelic, Welsh and Breton musical forms with rock music.


CD-i The Legend of Zelda games

There are 3 Legend of Zelda games for the Philips CD-i, a badly received video games console. All of them are reviewed poorly across many magazines.

After a failed CD-ROM add-on with Philips, Philips got an agreement to use Nintendo characters. This led to the creation of 4 games, 3 of which are Zelda games. The other is "Hotel Mario".


Jessica Jaymes

Jessica Jaymes (March 8, 1979 – September 17, 2019) was an American pornographic actress. She was known for being "Hustler"s first contract model and the ""Hustler" Honey of the Year" in 2004 and the August 2008 "Penthouse" Pet of the Month. She was born in Anchorage, Alaska.

Her career began in 2002. Jaymes played a small role in two episodes of the television series "Weeds" in 2006 and 2007, and made appearances on various reality shows such as VH1's "Celebrity Rehab Sober House" and HBO's "Vivid Valley" as well as "The Howard Stern Show".

Jaymes was found dead at her home in San Fernando Valley, California on September 17, 2019 at the age of 40. The Los Angeles County Coroner said that her cause of death was from a seizure and alcohol abuse.


Hustler (magazine)

Hustler is a monthly pornographic magazine published by Larry Flynt in the United States. It was introduced in 1974. It was a step forward from the "Hustler Newsletter". The magazine grew to a peak circulation of around 3 million. It has since dropped to about 500,000. It shows explicit views of the female genitalia, becoming one of the first major US-based magazines to do so. It is seen as a rival to the modest publications like "Playboy".

Ethan Berkowitz

Ethan Avram Berkowitz (born February 4, 1962) is an American lawyer, radio personality, businessman and politician. He was the Mayor of Anchorage, Alaska from 2015 until 2020.

From 1997 to 2007, he was the Alaska State Representative for District 26 as a member of the Democratic Party.

Berkowitz was the Democratic nominee for Lieutenant Governor in 2006, for Alaska's at-large congressional district in 2008 and for Governor in 2010.

He was elected mayor of Anchorage in 2015 and reelected in 2018.

Folk punk

Folk punk (also known as rogue folk) is a combination of folk music and punk rock. It became popular in the early 1980s by The Pogues in Britain, and by Violent Femmes in the United States. Folk punk got some mainstream success in the 1980s. In more recent years, its subgenres Celtic punk and Gypsy punk have gotten some commercial success.

Folk punk includes Celtic punk, gypsy punk, riot folk, anti-folk, alt. country, crusty punk, acoustic punk, gutter punk, indie punk, lo-fi punk and many more. Folk punk is linked with DIY punk scenes, and bands often perform in house venues as well as more traditional areas.

Folk punk musicians may play their own songs in the style of punk rock, but using some folk instruments, such as mandolins, accordions, banjos or violins. Folk punk has a history of progressive and leftist political views. Songs often have topics like race, class, feminism, animal rights, queerness and anarchism. 

Jun Senoue

Senoue was born on August 2, 1970 in Matsushima, Miyagi, Japan. He started playing piano at the age of three. He moved to Panama when he was 12 years old. In Panama, he became dedicated to rock music after being watching MTV. He started to teach himself to play the electric guitar when he was 15 years old. He created his first original band recording when he was 17 years old.

He graduated from Aoyama Gakuin University with a degree in economics in 1993. After that, Senoue sent demo tapes to Namco and Sega. Sega hired him. His first project with Sega was on "Dark Wizard". He arranged a medley of the game's music for its staff roll.


Electronic rock

Electronic rock is a music genre that is a combination of rock music and electronic music. It has instruments often found in both genres. It started in late 1960s, when rock bands such as the Doors, Pink Floyd, Yes, and the Moody Blues started using the Moog synthesizer into their music. Sampling and tape manipulation would also become common with the genre. Electronic rock acts usually combine things from other music styles, including punk rock, industrial rock, hip hop, techno, and synthpop. It has helped create subgenres such as indietronica, dance-punk, and electroclash. Since the late 2000s, electronic rock has become more popular.

The Moody Blues

The Moody Blues are an English rock band. They were created in Birmingham in 1964. At first, the band had keyboardist Mike Pinder, multi-instrumentalist Ray Thomas, guitarist Denny Laine, drummer Graeme Edge, and bassist Clint Warwick. The group came became famous for their rhythm and blues music. They made some changes in musicians but settled on a line-up of Pinder, Thomas, Edge, guitarist Justin Hayward, and bassist John Lodge, who stayed together for most of the band's "classic era" into the early 1970s.

Their second album, "Days of Future Passed", which was released in 1967, was a combination of rock with classical music. This made the band early creators in the development of art rock and progressive rock. It has been described as a "landmark" and "one of the first successful concept albums". The group toured a lot in the early 1970s. Then, they took a long break from 1974 until 1977. Founder Mike Pinder left the group a year after they re-formed. He was replaced by Swiss keyboardist Patrick Moraz in 1978. In the following decade they took on a more synth-pop sound. They created "The Other Side of Life" in 1986. This made them the first band to earn each of its first three top 10 singles in the United States in a different decade. Health problems led to a smaller role for founder Ray Thomas throughout the 1980s. However, he made more music after Moraz left in 1991. Thomas left the band in 2002. The band's most recent album was "December" (2003), a collection of Christmas music. They continued to tour throughout the first decade of the 2000s. They still regroup for some events, one-off concerts, short tours, and cruises.

The Moody Blues' most successful songs include "Go Now", "Nights in White Satin", "Tuesday Afternoon", "Question", and "Your Wildest Dreams". The band has sold 70 million albums worldwide. This includes 18 platinum and gold LPs. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2018.


M (1931 movie)

M (— "M – A City Searches for a Murderer") is a 1931 German drama-thriller movie. It was directed by Fritz Lang, and it starred Peter Lorre. The film was written by Lang and his wife Thea von Harbou. It was the director's first sound film.

The film focuses on the actions of a serial killer of children and the manhunt for him. The police and the criminal underworld do the manhunt. Now considered a classic, the film was deemed by Lang to be his magnum opus.

"M" was shown in Berlin on 11 May 1931 at the UFA-Palast am Zoo in a version that was 117 minutes long.

The film later was released in the U.S. in April 1933 by Foremco Pictures.


Flogging Molly

Flogging Molly is an Irish–American Celtic punk band. It is led by Irish vocalist Dave King. They are signed to their own record label, Borstal Beat Records.



Fallen (Evanescence album)

Fallen is the debut studio album by the American rock band Evanescence. It was released on March 4, 2003 by Wind-up Records. Evanescence co-founders Amy Lee and Ben Moody began writing and recording songs in 1994. After releasing two EPs and a demo CD, they signed to Wind-up in January 2001. Some of the songs on "Fallen" are from Lee and Moody's early independent records. "Fallen" was recorded between August and December 2002 in several studios in California, including Conway Recording Studios. It is Evanescence's only album to feature Moody, as he left the band in October 2003.

"Fallen" has sold more than 17 million copies worldwide, including 10 million in the United States. It debuted at number seven on the "Billboard" 200 with 141,000 copies sold in its first week, peaking at number three in June 2003. The album was at the top of the charts in more than ten countries. It was certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in November 2022.

After Evanescence was founded by Amy Lee and Ben Moody in 1994, they independently released two EPs and one demo CD. In January 2001, they signed with Wind-up Records. 

Each track was remastered in 2023.

MacOS Mojave

MacOS Mojave (version 10.14) is the fifteenth major version of MacOS, Apple Inc.'s desktop operating system for Macintosh computers.

Robert C. O'Brien

Robert Charles O'Brien (born June 18, 1966) is an American lawyer and politician. He has worked privately and with the United States government. He was the 28th United States National Security Advisor from September 18, 2019 to January 20, 2021. He also is an ambassador with the U.S. Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs. He is a partner at Larson O'Brien LLP, a Los Angeles-based boutique law firm.

In November 2020, O'Brien was seen as a possible candidate for president in the 2024 election.


Peggy Webber

Peggy Webber (born September 15, 1925) was an American actress. Her screen debut came in the 1946 movie "Her Adventurous Night". Other notable roles include Mrs. Alice Rice in the 1952 movie "Submarine Command" and Miss Dennerly in "The Wrong Man", directed by Alfred Hitchcock.

Virginia Patton

Virginia Ann Patton (June 25, 1925 – August 18, 2022) was an American businesswoman and actress. She was cast in her most well-known role as Ruth Dakin Bailey in Frank Capra's "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946). In 1949, Patton retired from acting. Her last role was in "The Lucky Stiff" (1949).

Patto died on August 18, 2022 in Albany, Georgia at the age of 97.

Space &amp; Upper Atmosphere Research Commission

The Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission abbreviated as SUPARCO is the national space agency of Pakistan. It was founded in 1961. Its headquarters are based in Karachi.
It is responsible for the nation's public and civil space programme and for aeronautics and aerospace research.


Rex Downing

Rex Haddon Downing (born April 25, 1925) is a retired American actor. He started his career as a child actor in 1935. He retired in 1948 and made a small comeback in 2007. Downing was born in San Francisco, California. His best known role was a Young Heathcliff in the 1939 William Wyler movie "Wuthering Heights" (1939). 

Downing had a major role in the B-Movie serial "Mandrake the Magician" (1939; serial) and played the younger version of Tyrone Power's character in "Blood and Sand" (1941). 

Kaïs Saïed

Kaïs Saïed () (born 22 February 1958) is a Tunisian jurist, politician and professor of constitutional law. Saïed is the 6th and current President of Tunisia since October 2019. He successfully ran as an Independent candidate for President in the 2019 election.

Saïed is a Professor at the Université de Tunis. He was the Secretary-General of the Tunisian Association of Constitutional Law between 1990 and 1995 and has been the vice president of the organization since 1995.

Saïed received 620,711 votes in the first round of the 2019 election, coming in first place and moved on to face businessman Nabil Karoui in the second round. He defeated Karoui in the October run-off election winning 72.7% of the vote.

The regime being semi-presidential, Kaïs Saïd has a week after his inauguration to charge the party that came first in the legislative elections to form a government. The latter then has one month to obtain the confidence of the Assembly of People's Representatives.

From a practical point of view, he refuses to lodge in the presidential palace of Carthage, preferring his villa to Mnihla, located in the governorate of Ariana.

On October 30, he appointed diplomat Tarek Bettaïeb as head of the presidential cabinet, General Mohamed Salah Hamdi as national security advisor, while Tarek Hannachi led the protocol. Abderraouf Bettaïeb is minister-advisor to the President of the Republic, Rachida Ennaifer in charge of communication, while Nadia Akacha is responsible for legal affairs.

On November 15, 2019, he appointed Habib Jemli, Ennahdha's candidate, for the post of head of government and charged him with forming a government.

On 25 July 2021, Saied fired Prime Minister Hichem Mechichi and froze the Assembly of Representatives, causing a political crisis in the country. In September 2021, he picked Najla Bouden Romdhane to become the next prime minister.

2019 Tunisian presidential election

Presidential elections were held in Tunisia on 15 September 2019. No candidate received a majority of the vote in the first round, so a runoff was held on 13 October.

Before the death of incumbent president Beji Caid Essebsi on 25 July, the elections had been planned for 17 and 24 November. However, as a result of Essebsi's death, the elections were brought forward in order to ensure that a new president would take office within 90 days, as required by the constitution.

The elections were the second direct vote for the presidency since the 2011 revolution.

Kaïs Saïed and Nabil Karoui were the two candidates who made it to the run off. In the run-off, Saïed won the election in a landslide victory.

Pacific Islander

The Pacific Islanders, or Pasifika, are the peoples of the Pacific Islands. It is a demographic term for the people that lived on one of the islands in the Pacific Ocean.

May Britt

May Britt (born Maybritt Wilkens; 22 March 1934) is a Swedish actress who had a brief career in the 1950s in Italy and later in the United States. She retired from the screen while she was married to Sammy Davis Jr. from 1960 to 1968.

After the divorce, Britt resumed working with sporadic TV guest appearances, the last in 1988. Since then she retired and mainly involved in painting. She currently resides in California. 

In Italy she has also worked as a model for the high fashion designer Vincenzo Ferdinandi. She was born in Lidingö, Sweden.

William Foege

William Herbert Foege M.D., M.P.H.
(; born March 12, 1936) is an American epidemiologist. He is seen as the person responsible for "the eradication of smallpox in the late 1970s".

Rozanne L. Ridgway

Rozanne Lejeanne Ridgway (born August 22, 1935) is an American diplomat. She has worked for 32 years with the U.S. State Department, holding several posts. She was Ambassador to Finland and to East Germany, and finished her career as Assistant Secretary of State for European and Canadian Affairs.

She was president of the Atlantic Council from 1989 to 1996, and currently the chairwoman of the Baltic-American Freedom Foundation.

In 1998, Ridgway was inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame.


Margaret of Anjou

Margaret of Anjou (; 23 March 1430 – 25 August 1482) was the Queen consort of England by marriage to King Henry VI from 1445 to 1461 and again from 1470 to 1471. She was born in the Duchy of Lorraine into the House of Valois-Anjou. Margaret was the second eldest daughter of René, King of Naples and Isabella, Duchess of Lorraine.

Margaret was important in the Wars of the Roses. At times, she personally led the House of Lancaster into battle. Her husband had several nervous breakdowns. They were seen as insanity, so Margaret ruled the kingdom in his place. It was she who called for a Great Council in May 1455 that excluded the House of York headed by Richard of York, 3rd Duke of York. This started a civil conflict that lasted for more than thirty years. This conflict caused the deaths of thousands of men. One of those who died was her only son Edward of Westminster, Prince of Wales, at the Battle of Tewkesbury in 1471.

Margaret was taken prisoner by the Yorkists after the Lancastrian defeat at Tewkesbury. In 1475, she was ransomed by her cousin, King Louis XI of France. She went to live in France as a poor relation of the French king. She died in France at the age of 52.

Margaret was born on 23 March 1430 at Pont-à-Mousson in Lorraine. Margaret was the second daughter of René, King of Naples and of Isabella, Duchess of Lorraine. She had five brothers and four sisters, as well as three half-siblings from her father's relationships with mistresses. Her father, popularly known as "Good King René", was duke of Anjou and titular king of Naples, Sicily and Jerusalem; he has been described as "a man of many crowns but no kingdoms". Margaret was baptised at Toul in Lorraine. She spent her early years at the castle at Tarascon on the River Rhône in Provence and in the old royal palace at Capua, near Naples in the Kingdom of Sicily. Her mother took care of her education and may have arranged for her to have lessons with the scholar Antoine de la Sale, who taught her brothers. In childhood Margaret was known as "la petite créature".

On 23 April 1445, Margaret married King Henry VI of England, at Titchfield Abbey in Hampshire. Henry was eight years older than she was. The king and queen of France were the uncle and aunt of the groom and the bride respectively: Henry's late mother, Catherine, had been the sister of King Charles VII, whose wife Marie of Anjou was a sister of Margaret's father René. Further, Henry claimed for himself the Kingdom of France. He also controlled parts of northern France. Due to all this, the French king agreed to the marriage of Margaret to his rival on the condition that he would not have to provide the customary dowry and instead would receive the lands of Maine and Anjou from the English. The English government, fearing a highly negative reaction, kept this provision secret from the English public.

Margaret was crowned Queen Consort of England on 30 May 1445 at Westminster Abbey by John Stafford, Archbishop of Canterbury at the age of fifteen. She was described as beautiful, and furthermore "already a woman: passionate and proud and strong-willed". Those that anticipated the future return of English claims to French territory believed that she already understood her duty to protect the interests of the Crown fervently. She seems to have inherited this from her mother, who fought to establish her husband's claim to the Kingdom of Naples, and from her paternal grandmother Yolande of Aragon, who actually governed Anjou "with a man's hand", putting the province in order and keeping out the English. Thus by family example and her own forceful personality, she was fully capable of becoming the "champion of the Crown".

Henry was more interested in religion and learning than in military matters and was not a successful king. He had reigned since he was only a few months old. Many of his actions had been done by people who ruled in his place. When he married Margaret, his mental condition was already unstable. At the time their only son, Edward of Westminster, Prince of Wales was born (on 13 October 1453), Henry had already suffered a complete breakdown. There were rumours that he was incapable of fathering a child and that the new Prince of Wales was the result of an adulterous liaison. Many have speculated that either Edmund Beaufort, 2nd Duke of Somerset, or James Butler, 5th Earl of Ormond was the young prince's actual father. Both were faithful allies of Margaret.

Although Margaret was aggressively partisan and had a volatile temperament, she shared her husband's love of learning because of her cultured upbringing. She also gave her patronage to the founding of Queens' College, Cambridge.

Elizabeth Woodville (born ca 1437), later Queen of England as future wife of Margaret's husband's rival, King Edward IV, may have served Margaret of Anjou as a maid of honour. However, there is to little evidence to permit historians to establish this with absolute certainty: several women at Margaret's court bore the name Elizabeth or Isabella Grey.

After retiring from London to live in lavish state at Greenwich, Margaret was occupied with the care of her young son and did not display any signs of political will until she believed her husband was threatened with deposition by the ambitious Richard of York, 3rd Duke of York, who had been appointed Lord Protector while Henry was mentally incapacitated from 1453 to 1454. The duke was a credible claimant to the English throne and by the end of his protectorship there were many powerful nobles and relatives prepared to back his claim. The Duke of York was powerful; Henry's advisers corrupt; Henry himself trusting, pliable, and increasingly unstable; Margaret defiantly unpopular, grimly and gallantly determined to maintain the English crown for her children. Yet at least one scholar identifies the source of the eventual Lancastrian downfall not as York's ambitions nearly so much as Margaret's ill-judged enmity toward York and her over-indulgence in unpopular allies. Nevertheless, Queen Margaret was a powerful force in the world of politics. King Henry was putty in her hands when she wanted something done.

Margaret's biographer Helen Maurer, however, disagrees with earlier historians having dated the much-vaunted enmity between the Queen and York to the time he obtained the office of the protectorship. She suggests the mutual antagonism came about two years later in 1455 in the wake of the First Battle of St Albans, when Margaret perceived him as a challenge to the king's authority. Maurer bases this conclusion on a study of Margaret's pattern of presenting gifts; this revealed that Margaret took a great deal of care to demonstrate that she favoured both York and Edmund Beaufort (Somerset) equally in the early 1450s. Maurer also claims that Margaret appeared to accept York's protectorship and asserts there is no substantial evidence to back up the long-standing belief that she was responsible for the Yorkists' exclusion from the Great Council following Henry's recovery (see below).

The late historian Paul Murray Kendall, on the other hand, maintained that Margaret's allies Edmund Beaufort (Somerset) and William de la Pole, then Earl of Suffolk, had no difficulty in persuading her that York, until then one of Henry VI's most trusted advisers, was responsible for her unpopularity and already too powerful to be trusted. Margaret not only convinced Henry to recall York from his post as governor in France and banish him instead to Ireland, she attempted to have him assassinated during his travels to and from Ireland, once in 1449 and again in 1450. Edmund Beaufort (Somerset) and Suffolk's joint responsibility for the secret surrender of Maine in 1448, and then the subsequent disastrous loss of the rest of Normandy in 1449 embroiled Margaret and Henry's court in riots, uprisings by the magnates, and calls for the impeachment and execution of Margaret's two strongest allies. It also might have made an ultimate battle to the death between Margaret and the House of York inevitable by making manifest Richard's dangerous popularity with the Commons. Richard of York, safely returned from Ireland in 1450, confronted Henry and was readmitted as a trusted advisor. Soon thereafter, Henry agreed to convene Parliament to address the calls for reform. When Parliament met, the demands could not have been less acceptable to Margaret: not only were both Edmund Beaufort (Somerset) and Suffolk impeached for criminal mismanagement of French affairs and subverting justice, but it was charged as a crime against Suffolk (now a duke) that he had antagonised the king against the Duke of York. Further, the demands for reform put forward included that the Duke of York be acknowledged as the first councillor to the king, and the Speaker of Commons, perhaps with more fervour than wisdom, even proposed Richard, Duke of York, be recognised as heir to the throne. Within a few months, however, Margaret had regained control of Henry, Parliament was dissolved, the incautious Speaker thrown in prison, and Richard of York retired to Wales for the time being.

In 1457, the kingdom was again outraged when it was discovered that Pierre de Brézé, a powerful French general and an adherent of Margaret, had landed on the English coast and burnt the town of Sandwich. As leader of a French force of 4,000 men from Honfleur, he aimed at taking advantage of the chaos in England. The mayor, John Drury, was killed in this raid. It thereafter became an established tradition, which survives to this day, that the Mayor of Sandwich wears a black robe mourning this ignoble deed. Margaret, in association with de Brézé, became the object of scurrilous rumours and vulgar ballads. Public indignation was so high that Margaret, with great reluctance, was forced to give the Duke of York's kinsman Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick, a commission to keep the sea for three years. He already held the post of Captain of Calais.

Hostilities between the rival Yorkist and Lancastrian factions soon flared into armed conflict. In May 1455, just over five months after Henry VI recovered from a bout of mental illness and Richard of York's protectorship had ended, Margaret called for a Great Council from which the Yorkists were excluded. The Council called for an assemblage of the peers at Leicester to protect the king "against his enemies". York apparently was prepared for conflict and soon was marching south to meet the Lancastrian army marching north. The Lancastrians suffered a crushing defeat at the First Battle of St Albans on 22 May 1455. Edmund Beaufort (Somerset), the Earl of Northumberland and Lord Clifford were killed, Wiltshire fled the battlefield and King Henry was taken prisoner by the victorious Duke of York. In March 1458 along with her husband and leading nobles of the warring factions, she took part in The Love Day procession in London.

In 1459, hostilities resumed at the Battle of Blore Heath, where James Tuchet, 5th Baron Audley, was defeated by a Yorkist army under Richard Neville, 5th Earl of Salisbury

While Margaret was attempting to raise further support for the Lancastrian cause in Scotland, her principal commander, Henry Beaufort, 3rd Duke of Somerset, gained a major victory for her at the Battle of Wakefield on 30 December 1460 by defeating the combined armies of the Duke of York and the Earl of Salisbury. Both men were beheaded and their heads displayed on the gates of the city of York. As Margaret was in Scotland at the time the battle had taken place, it was impossible that she issued the orders for their executions despite popular belief to the contrary. She followed up with a victory at the Second Battle of St Albans (at which she was present) on 17 February 1461. In this battle, she defeated the Yorkist forces of Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick, and recaptured her husband. It was after this battle that she, in a blatant act of vengeance, ordered the execution of two Yorkist prisoners of war, William Bonville, 1st Baron Bonville, and Sir Thomas Kyriell, who had kept watch over King Henry to keep him out of harm's way during the battle. The king had promised the two knights immunity, but Margaret gainsaid him and ordered their executions by decapitation. It is alleged that she put the men on trial at which her son presided. "Fair son", she allegedly asked, "what death shall these knights die?" Prince Edward replied that their heads should be cut off, despite the king's pleas for mercy.

The Lancastrian army was beaten at the Battle of Towton on 29 March 1461 by the son of the late Duke of York, the future Edward IV of England, who deposed King Henry and proclaimed himself king. Margaret was determined to win back her son's inheritance and fled with him into Wales and later Scotland. Finding her way to France, she made an ally of her cousin, King Louis XI of France, and at his instigation she allowed an approach from Edward's former supporter, Richard Neville, Earl of Warwick, who had fallen out with his former friend as a result of Edward's marriage to Elizabeth Woodville, and was now seeking revenge for the loss of his political influence. Warwick's daughter, Anne Neville, was married to Margaret's son Edward, Prince of Wales, in order to cement the alliance, and Margaret insisted that Warwick return to England to prove himself before she followed. He did so, restoring Henry VI briefly to the throne on 3 October 1470.

By the time Margaret, her son and daughter-in-law (Anne) were ready to follow Warwick back to England, the tables had again turned in favour of the Yorkists, and the Earl was defeated and killed by the returning King Edward IV in the Battle of Barnet on 14 April 1471. Margaret was forced to lead her own army at the Battle of Tewkesbury on 4 May 1471, at which the Lancastrian forces were defeated and her seventeen-year-old son Edward of Westminster was killed. The circumstances of Edward's death have never been made clear; it is not known whether he was killed in the actual fighting or executed after the battle by the Duke of Clarence. If he died in battle, he would have been the only Prince of Wales ever to do so. Over the previous ten years, Margaret had gained a reputation for aggression and ruthlessness, but following her defeat at Tewkesbury and the death of her only son, she was completely broken in spirit. After she was taken captive by William Stanley at the end of the battle, Margaret was imprisoned by the order of King Edward. She was sent first to Wallingford Castle and then was transferred to the more secure Tower of London. Henry VI was also imprisoned in the Tower in the wake of Tewkesbury and he died there on the night of 21 May; the cause of his death is unknown, though regicide was suspected. In 1472 she was placed in the custody of her former lady-in-waiting Alice Chaucer, Duchess of Suffolk, where she remained until ransomed by Louis XI in 1475.

Margaret lived in France for the next seven years as a poor relation of the king. She was hosted by Francis de Vignolles and died in his castle of Dampierre-sur-Loire, near Saumur (Anjou) on 25 August 1482 at the age of 52. She was entombed next to her parents in Angers Cathedral, but her remains were removed and scattered by revolutionaries who ransacked the cathedral during the French Revolution.

Many letters, written by Margaret during her tenure as queen consort, still exist. One was written to the Corporation of London regarding injuries inflicted on her tenants at the manor of Enfield, which comprised part of her dower lands. Another letter was written to the Archbishop of Canterbury. Margaret's letters, which were typically headed with the words "By the Quene," are compiled in a book edited by Cecil Monro, which was published for the Camden Society in 1863.



Dave Barry

David McAlister Barry (born July 3, 1947) is an American author and columnist. He wrote a nationally syndicated humor column for the "Miami Herald" from 1983 to 2005. He has also written many books of humor and parody. He won the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary (1988) and the Walter Cronkite Award for Excellence in Journalism (2005).

Barry was born in Armonk, New York. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Haverford College in 1969.


Armonk, New York

Armonk is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the town of North Castle, New York. It is located in Westchester County. As of the 2020 census, Armonk's CDP population is 4,495 and it has a total area of . Armonk is well known as being the headquarters of IBM.

North Castle, New York

North Castle is a town in Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 12,408 at the 2020 census.

Levente Riz

Levente Riz (December 2, 1974 – September 19, 2019) was a Hungarian educator and politician. He was born in Budapest. He was a member of the National Assembly (MP) for Rákosmente (Budapest Constituency XXV) from 2010 to 2014. He has been the mayor of Rákosmente (District XVII, Budapest) from October 1, 2006 until his death.

Riz was a member of the Economic and Information Technology Committee from May 14, 2010 to May 5, 2014.

On 13 August 2019, Levente Riz announced, he will not run as a candidate for Mayor of Rákosmente in the 2019 local elections because of health issues. He died a month later on September 19 in Budapest at the age of 44.

National Assembly (Hungary)

The National Assembly (; "Country Assembly") is the parliament of Hungary. It is made up of 199 (386 between 1990 and 2014) members elected to 4-year terms. The election of members is based on a system involving both area and list election. Parties must win at least 5% of the popular vote in order to enter the list of members of the assembly (but area winners enter regardless). 

The Assembly includes 25 standing committees to debate and report on introduced bills and to overlook the activities of the ministers. 

The Constitutional Court of Hungary has the right to challenge legislation on the grounds of constitutionality. The assembly has met in the Hungarian Parliament Building in Budapest since 1902.

List of May Bukas Pa episodes

This is a list of episodes of "May Bukas Pa" which aired on ABS-CBN's "Primetime Bida" evening block from February 2, 2009 to February 5, 2010. The series was directed by Jerome Chavez Pobocan, Jojo A. Saguin, and Erick C. Salud.
<onlyinclude>

Gheorghe Simionescu

Gheorghe Simionescu (1895–1992) was a Romanian Orthodox priest born in 1895 in Pietroșița, Dâmboviţ. He served for many years as a parish priest in his native village. He was a member and local leader of the National Peasant Party. He was arrested in 1952 and sentenced to 2 years imprisonment for this activity. Curiously, his name still appears in 1956 on the Council of Europe's list of prominent political prisoners. 

Gheorghe Simionescu died on March 27, 1992, at age 96.


Sunset Overdrive

Sunset Overdrive is an action-adventure
shooter video game created by Insomniac Games. It was published by Microsoft Studios. It was announced at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2013. It was released worldwide for Xbox One in October 2014 and for Microsoft Windows in November 2018. The Microsoft Windows version was published by THQ Nordic. The game happens in 2027, in a fictional metropolis called Sunset City. The player controls an employee of FizzCo, who has to fight off the OD. OD is short for Overcharge Drinkers: people who have turned into monsters after drinking FizzCo's energy drink. The player character can wall-run, use zip-lines, and grind rails to easily move through Sunset City. The player also has a lot of weapons they can use. The game also has a cooperative multiplayer mode called "Chaos Squad". That mode is where players to complete missions with seven players. As the game focuses on movement and momentum, the game does not have any cover system.

The game received mostly positive reviews. People liked its visuals, movement system, combat system, and humor. However, the game was criticized for not having a good story or innovative quest design. It received many nominations, including Best Xbox Game of the Year awards from many different gaming publications. The game was supported with multiple downloadable content. It includes the story-based "The Mystery of the Mooil Rig" and "Dawn of the Rise of the Fallen Machine", after the game's release.

"Sunset Overdrive" is an action-adventure game set in a third-person perspective. Players go through a city called Sunset City. It takes place in the year 2027. This dystopian world has been overrun by mutants called the OD, short for Overcharge Drinkers. The player character is a former FizzCo employee, their job was to clean up the mess left behind from a party FizzCo had. FizzCo had a party to celebrate its new energy drink, Overcharge Delirium XT.

At the start of the game, players can change the character's gender, body type, hairstyle, and outfit using the character creator. Players may also change the look of their character whenever they want during the game by going to a vendor named Callista. After creating their characters, players proceed to the game's open world, which is free for players to explore at any time. A fast travel system is provided. It allows players to got to different places and to mvoe in the world quickly.

Throughout the game, players fight both human enemies, FizzCo's robots, the OD, and bosses. The game has many different weapons for players to use fight. These include an assault rifle (called the AK-FU) and the TNTeddy grenade launcher, which fires teddy bears connected to dynamite, fireworks and toy helicopters.

The game's combat focuses on velocity. It wants players to defeat enemies quickly. Because of this, players can use different moves. These moves include wall running, air-dashing, zip lining, doing parkour, acrobatics, and water traversal.

"Sunset Overdrive" was one of the first Xbox One exclusives shown at Microsoft's press conference at E3 2013. The first gameplay details were shown by gaming magazine "Edge" in May 2014. A gameplay demo and a release date announcement happened at E3 2014. On November 15, 2018, it was said that the game would be released for both Windows 10 and Steam on November 16, 2018 without the multiplayer. THQ Nordic published the game's retail version. Microsoft kept its digital publishing rights.

Players can purchase the game's "Season Pass". It adds new in-game items, places, quests, and bosses.

A three-hour free trial of the game was available for players to download. It was available for short time.

"Sunset Overdrive" received "generally positive" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.

On September 13, 2018, Insomniac Games said they wanted to make a sequel to "Sunset Overdrive". However, because the rights to the intellectual property is owned by Insomniac, they would need to find a new publisher. In August 2019, Insomniac Games was bought by Sony Interactive Entertainment. SIE Worldwide Studios Chairman Shawn Layden said that "Sunset Overdrive 2" is not important for Sony and Insomniac.

Cooperative gameplay

Cooperative gameplay (often abbreviated as co-op) is something in video games that allows players to work together as teammates. This would be different from other multiplayer modes, such as competitive multiplayer modes like player versus player or deathmatch. Playing at the same time allows players to help each another in many ways: giving weapons or items, healing, giving covering fire in a firefight, and doing cooperative things such as helping a teammate go past obstacles.

Co-op gameplay has been becoming more popular in video games in recent years. This is partly because controller and networking technology has become better.

Lola Falana

Loletha Elayne Falana or Loletha Elaine Falana (born September 11, 1942), better known by her stage name Lola Falana, is an American singer, dancer, model and actress. She was born in Camden, New Jersey and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Falana was known for being discovered by Sammy Davis, Jr. and for having an affair with him. 

In 1987, she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. She was nominated for a Golden Globe and Tony Award during her career.

Terry Meeuwsen

Terry Meeuwsen (born March 2, 1949) is an American television personality and co-host for the Christian Broadcasting Network's (CBN) "700 Club", author and singer.

Meeuwsen was the 1972 Miss Appleton, the 1972 Miss Wisconsin and the Miss America for 1973. She took both the swimsuit and talent competitions. She was the first Miss Wisconsin to be crowned as Miss America.

After her reign as Miss America, Meeuwsen began her television career WTMJ-TV in Milwaukee in 1978. She co-hosted, with Pete Wilson, the daily news and feature program "A New Day". She hosted the program for almost eight years. She left the station in 1986.

Meeuwsen later accepted a position at the Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN) in Virginia Beach, Virginia.

Meeuwsen appeared in the late 1980s and early 1990s as a guest co-host. She was then made as permanent co-host for "700 Club". She sat close to CBN founder Pat Robertson. Since the year 2000, she has co-hosted the CBN television show "Living the Life". Both the "700 Club" and "Living the Life" show on Freeform.

Meeuwsen was born in De Pere, Wisconsin.

Mort the Chicken

Mort the Chicken is a platformer video game developed by AndNow. It was published by Crave Entertainment. It was released in the United States on November 30, 2000 for the PlayStation. It was released in Europe on January 19, 2001. In 2023, the titular character, Mort, would appear in indie game Pizza Tower as a power-up.

The chickens live peacefully in a different universe, where chickens are the main species. Mort the Chicken is the star of his own television show. In another universe, cube-like creatures called The Boolyon are spying on the chickens. The leader of the cubes, General Cubicles, notices that the chickens have stacks of hay. The Cubicles mistake them for kidnapped citizens of their universe. While Mort is filming his own TV show, the cubes reach their universe via a well and kidnap all the baby chicks, scattering them across the cube universe. Mort is the only one brave enough to stop the cubes, so he jumps down the well. This is when he starts his adventure to save the baby chicks.

"Mort the Chicken" is a platformer. The player controls Mort as he explores his world. The player needs to rescue baby chicks and kill cubes. Mort can destroy the cubes using the comb on his head. That comb can be used as a whip. Some cubes cannot be killed. Every time Mort gets hit, the cubes take a chick from Mort and imprison it. Mort's health bar is shown by two stalks of corn. When Mort loses health, part of the corn goes away. Each level has up to 10 chicks to rescue. Mort can also get power-ups. These power-ups include making him jump higher, become bigger, attract chicks, make his neck-whip attack longer, or have chicks attack enemies. Eggs and chicken food are around the levels, and Mort can peck at these with his beak. Eggs give Mort power-ups. Chicken food gives health.

"Mort the Chicken" received "unfavorable" reviews according to the review aggregation website GameRankings.

Saosin

Saosin is an American rock band. They started in Orange County, California in 2003. The band released their first EP, "Translating the Name" in 2003. The group recorded its self titled debut album. It was released on Capitol Records on September 26, 2006. Their second studio album, "In Search of Solid Ground", was released on September 8, 2009 on Virgin Records.

Saosin has been described as post-hardcore, emo, and alternative rock.


Stroke 9

Stroke 9 is an American alternative rock band. It was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area in 1989.






Take Me Home, Country Roads

"Take Me Home, Country Roads", (also called "Take Me Home" or "Country Roads") is a song written by Bill Danoff, Taffy Nivert, and John Denver about the state of West Virginia. Some people tend to believe it is about Western Virginia or even Maryland . West Virginia is home of the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains and the Shenandoah river. It was released as a single performed by Denver on April 12, 1971. It got to number 2 on "Billboard"s US Hot 100 singles for the week ending August 28, 1971. The song was a success on its first release. It was certified Gold by the RIAA on August 18, 1971, and Platinum on April 10, 2017. The song became one of John Denver's most popular songs. It still sells, with over 1.5 million digital copies sold in the United States. It is considered to be Denver's signature song.

The song has a status as an iconic symbol of West Virginia, which it describes as "almost Heaven". In March 2014, it became one of the four official state anthems of West Virginia.

"Take Me Home, Country Roads" received a positive response from West Virginia people. The song is the theme song of West Virginia University. It has been performed during every home football pregame show since 1972.

This song was played at the funeral memorial for West Virginia Senator Robert Byrd at the state capitol in Charleston on July 2, 2010.

The popularity of the song has gotten bills in the West Virginia Legislature to make "Take Me Home, Country Roads" an official state song. On March 7, 2014, the West Virginia Legislature approved a bill to make "Take Me Home, Country Roads" an official state song of West Virginia. They did this along three other songs: "West Virginia Hills", "This is My West Virginia", and "West Virginia, My Home Sweet Home". Governor Earl Ray Tomblin signed the resolution into law on March 8, 2014.


A cover version of the song, a collaboration between Copilot Music and Sound and the vocal group Spank, exists. It was commissioned for and shown in both the teaser and full E3 2018 trailers for the 2018 video game, "Fallout 76". The game's story is set in West Virginia. Released as an iTunes-only single on July 4, 2018, the song reached #1 on the iTunes singles chart. It debuted at #41 on "Billboard's" Hot Country Songs chart that week and at #21 on "Billboard's" Country Digital Songs the following week. The official YouTube upload of the original John Denver recording, first uploaded in 2013, would later edit its description to mention the use of the song in the game.

Gary Chester

Gary Chester (born Cesario Gurciullo; October 27, 1924 – August 17, 1987) was a studio drummer, author, and teacher. He began playing in the 1960s. Chester played on hundreds of records for bands such as The Coasters, The Monkees, and The Lovin' Spoonful. He also played drums for people including the Everly Brothers, Ben E. King, Jim Croce, Dionne Warwick and Bobby Darin.

Christian Broadcasting Network

The Christian Broadcasting Network is an American conservative and evangelical religious television network. It is also a production company.

The network was founded in 1960 by the televangelist Pat Robertson. Other hosts include former Miss America 1973 Terry Meeuwsen and Danuta Rylko (now known as Danuta Pfeiffer).

One of CBN's main programs is "The 700 Club", a religious and news program which has aired on CBN since 1966.

Fort Mill, South Carolina

Fort Mill, also called Fort Mill Township, is a town in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It is in the northern part of the state. It is south of Charlotte, North Carolina and near Rock Hill, South Carolina.

As of 2020, around 24,521 people were living there.

Neper (mythology)

Neper was the god of grains, specifically grains that were significant in Ancient Egyptian times, such as wheat, corn, and barley. His name means lord of the mouth. Neper also represented sustenance and nourishment. It was said that he predicted the times of the year when the crops grew, were harvested, and disappeared. He was worshipped mainly because he was a god that kept people healthy through their food.
Neper was a god in human form. However, he had distinctive marks to represent grains. He had dots on his clothing to represent corn grains. He also had grains above his head, like in the picture to the left. He was also often shown carrying wheat, or similar crops. He wore little clothes, like in the picture where it shows him wearing a cloth around his waist. Neper was worshipped all over Egypt. 

Neper had a female version of himself, called Nepit. Nepit was the goddess of grain. Neper's mother, Renenutet, was a goddess of nourishment, and harvesting, who also represented grains. Neper was also seen as a form of Osiris, the god of death and the underworld. People saw him as a form of Osiris because he appeared and disappeared at the times of annual harvest, just like Osiris came back from the dead. He, along with Osiris, was often thought of the god that was "Living after he had died". 

Benjamin Orr

Benjamin "Ben" Orzechowski (September 8, 1947 – October 4, 2000), known professionally as Benjamin Orr and Ben Orr, was an American musician best known as the bassist, primary lead singer and co-founder of the rock band the Cars. He sang lead vocals on several of their best known songs, including "Just What I Needed", "Let's Go" and "Drive". He also scored a moderate solo hit with "Stay the Night."

Orr was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Cars in 2018.

Orr died from pancreatic cancer.


Tropical Storm Imelda

Tropical Storm Imelda was a weak though very catastrophic 2019 Atlantic tropical cyclone. The storm struck eastern Texas and western Louisiana. Imelda created a "very" serious flash flood event in both states. It was one of the wettest tropical cyclones in U.S. history, particularly in Texas.

The Galveston/Houston area was "especially" hit hard by Imelda. Several people were killed due to flooding from the storm.

The storm also led to several tornadoes in Texas and Louisiana.

Imelda developed as a tropical storm near the southeast Texas coastline. The storm moved very slowly over southwest Louisiana and southeast Texas.

Ronald Gene Simmons

Ronald Gene Simmons, Sr. (July 15, 1940 – June 25, 1990) was an American spree killer, who killed 16 people over a week-long period that started December 28, 1987, by shooting and/or strangling, primarily in Russellville, Arkansas and all occurring in Arkansas. A retired military serviceman, Simmons murdered 14 members of his family, including a daughter he had sexually abused and the child he had fathered with her, a former co-worker, a stranger, and wounded four others.

Simmons was sentenced to death 16 times on February 10, 1989, and after refusing to appeal his sentence, was executed by Arkansas in 1990.

Frances Kidder

Frances Kidder was the last woman to be publicly hanged in the United Kingdom. She had murdered 12-year-old Louis Kidder-Staple. She was hanged on April 2, 1868.


Michael Barrett

Michael Barrett was the last public hanging in the United Kingdom. He was convicted of the murder of Sarah Ann Hodgkinson, one of 12 victims of bombing in Clerkenwell, London. Barrett was publicly hanged May 26, 1868.


Robert Smith (murderer)

Robert Smith was the last public hanging in Scotland and the second-to-last public hanging in the United Kingdom, only succeeded by Michael Barrett. He was convicted of the murder of a girl. He was hanged May 12, 1868.


Timothy Faherty

Timothy Faherty was one of the last public hangings in the United Kingdom. He was convicted of the murder of Mary Hammer and was hanged in public April 4, 1868. The United Kingdom hanged two other men that day as well, including Miles Wetherill.

Miles Wetherill

Miles Wetherill, or sometimes Miles Weatherill, was one of the last public hangings in the United Kingdom. He was convicted of the murders of Rev. Plow and his maid. He was hanged April 4, 1868. The United Kingdom hanged two other men that day as well, including Timothy Faherty.

Charles Brooks

Charles Brooks was the first person to be executed by lethal injection in the United States. He was executed by lethal injection by Texas on December 7, 1982.

Although Oklahoma was the first State to legislate execution by lethal injection, the method was not administered until 1990. Among the first ten men executed by lethal injection in the U.S., all were done by Texas, three of whom had the first name of Charles.

Harris A. Smiler

Harris A. Smiler was among the first four convicts to be executed by electrocution at Sing Sing Prison, in Ossining, New York. 

The electric chair was installed in Sing Sing Prison, in 1891, just a year after it was first used to execute William Kemmler at Auburn Prison, also in New York State. By the end of the 1800s, 29 inmates had been executed by this means. The United States and United Kingdom both began independently tracking murder rate and other crime statistics in earnest at the start of the next century.

William Kemmler

William Kemmler was the first convict executed by electrocution. He was convicted of murdering Matilda "Tillie" Ziegler, his common law wife.

Kemmler was executed by electrocution at Auburn Prison, New York State, in 1890. By the end of the decade, 29 inmates had been executed by this means in the United States. Hanging was still the most usual method.


Blackface

Blackface is a kind of costume or make up which involves putting black make-up on to imitate a racist image of a Black or African American person. Blackface became popular in the 19th century especially during Reconstruction after the American Civil War.

By the mid 19th century, blackface minstrel shows became a distinctive artform. It translated formal works, like opera, into popular terms for general audiences.

Early in the 20th century, blackface came off the minstrel show. It became a form in its own right.

However, in the United States, blackface became less popular after the civil right movement. It is offensive and racist.

The videos for the Culture Club "Do You Really Want to Hurt Me" and Taco's "Puttin' On the Ritz" are videos in which actors in blackface appeared during the early 1980s. The original video for "Puttin' On the Ritz" (1983) was not allowed due to the characters in blackface in that video.

Baby (Justin Bieber song)

"Baby" is a song made by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber. It was made available for online purchases since January 18, 2010. It is a pop song with elements from R&B (rhythm and blues) and hip hop.

As of September 2019, the official music video is currently the 33rd most-viewed video on YouTube. As of September 2019, the official music video is the second-most disliked YouTube video ( is the first-most dislike YouTube video). It was once the most-viewed from July 12, 2010, when it surpassed the music video for "Bad Romance" by Lady Gaga. It continued to be the most-viewed video until November 24, 2012, when it was surpassed by the music video for "Gangnam Style" by Psy.

In the official music video, Justin Bieber is at a bowling alley nearby a shopping mall. During the music video, he chases after a girl and encourages her to become his girlfriend.

Wim Crouwel

Willem Hendrik "Wim" Crouwel (; 21 November 1928 – 19 September 2019) was a Dutch graphic designer, type designer, and typographer. He was born in Groningen, Netherlands. 

In 1967 he designed the typeface New Alphabet. In 1970 he designed the Dutch pavilion for Expo '70 (Osaka, Japan). Later, Crouwel designed the Number Postage Stamps for the Dutch PTT, well known in the Netherlands during its circulation from 1976-2002.

Crouwel died on 19 September 2019 in Amsterdam at the age of 90.


Larry Wallis

Larry Wallis (19 May 1949 – 19 September 2019) was an English guitarist, songwriter and producer. He was best known as a member of the Pink Fairies and an early member of Motörhead.



“The Sound of Speed” - 2017

Sandie Jones

Sandie Jones (1951 – 19 September 2019) was an Irish singer. She was born in Dublin. She represented Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest of 1972 with the song "Ceol an Ghrá" (). This was the only time an Irish performer performed a song in the Irish language at Eurovision.

Jones died on 19 September 2019 under hospice care in the United States of cancer at the age of 68.

Harold Mabern

Harold Mabern, Jr. (March 20, 1936 – September 19, 2019) was an American jazz pianist and composer. He worked in the hard bop, post-bop, and soul jazz fields. He was called by "The Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings" as "one of the great post-bop pianists". He was born in Memphis, Tennessee.

Mabern died on September 19, 2019 in New York City at the age of 83.


María Rivas (singer)

María Rivas (January 26, 1960 – September 19, 2019) was a Venezuelan Latin jazz singer, composer, and painter.

Rivas was born in Caracas. Rivas became a leading voice in the region's environmental movement, and her musical message as a composer often had ecological undertones. Rivas recorded eleven albums as a soloist. Her latest CD, MOTIVOS, was released in 2018 and nominated for a Latin Grammy for the 19th Annual Latin Grammy Awards.

She performed live in Colombia, Brazil, Austria, the Netherlands, Italy, Switzerland, France, Germany, Portugal, Panama, Puerto Rico, Spain, Great Britain, the Dominican Republic, and the United States.

Rivas died on September 19, 2019 at a Miami hospital of cancer at the age of 59.



Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood shooting

The Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood was a mass shooting. It happened in Colorado Springs, Colorado on November 27, 2015 at a Planned Parenthood clinic. The shooting led to the deaths of a police officer and two civilians. Nine other people were hurt.

Later that day, there was a hostage situation that lasted just over five hours.

The attacker, Robert Lewis Dear Jr, then-age 57, was arrested. Three days later, he was charged with first degree murder and held without bail.

.gov

The domain name gov is the generic top-level domain used by government websites used in the United States at the federal, state, and local levels. It was one of the first top-level domains, made in January 1985.

The U.S. is the only country that has a government-specific top-level domain in addition to its ccTLD. Other countries typically use a second-level domain for this purpose, e.g., .gov.au for Australia, .gov.uk for the United Kingdom, .gc.ca for Canada, and .gouv.fr for France. Since the United States controls the .gov Top Level Domain, it would be impossible for another country to create a domain ending in .gov, for example, .jp.gov.

Some U.S. federal agencies use .fed.us rather than .gov. The Department of Defense and its subsidiary organizations use .mil. Some U.S. governmental entities use other domains, such as the use of .com domains by the United States Postal Service (usps.com) and the United States Army (goarmy.com). Internet purists consider these usages to be improper, as these are governmental or military entities rather than commercial ones.

All governments in the U.S. are allowed to use .gov, such as atlantaga.gov for the city of Atlanta, and georgia.gov for the U.S. state of Georgia. This was not always true; under an earlier policy, only federal agencies were allowed to use the domain, and agencies beneath cabinet level were needed to use subdomains of their parent agency.

The usage of .gov as a gTLD controlled only by the U.S. is controversial, as some people believe this to be an example of arrogance by the U.S. – such views hold that usage of .fed.us or a new second-level domain of .gov.us would be more suitable. Others believe that U.S. control of .gov is a natural result of the fact that the U.S. federal government was responsible for the initial creation of the Internet and its first user.


Corcelles-près-Payerne

Corcelles-près-Payerne is a municipality in the Broye-Vully district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Cremin

Cremin was a municipality of the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Brenles, Chesalles-sur-Moudon, Cremin, Forel-sur-Lucens and Sarzens joined together to become the municipality of Lucens.

Lucens

Lucens is a municipality in Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Lucens was first mentioned in 964 as "in villa Losingus". It was formerly known by the German name "Losingen".

In 1969, the Lucens reactor, an underground nuclear reactor started operation in Lucens. It soon had a serious accident, resulting in massive radioactive contamination of the underground site, which was then sealed.

The nearby municipality Oulens-sur-Lucens became part of Lucens municipality on 1 July 2011.

On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Brenles, Chesalles-sur-Moudon, Cremin, Forel-sur-Lucens and Sarzens joined together to become the municipality of Lucens.


Grandcour

Grandcour is a municipality in Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Sally Kirkland (editor)

Sally Kirkland (El Reno, 1 July 1912 – New York City, 1 May 1989) was a fashion editor at Vogue magazine between 1947 and 1969.
Her daughter is the actress Sally Kirkland.

In July 1954 in Rome, during the "Alta Moda in Castel Sant'Angelo", in the evocative setting of the famous castle, the fashion stylists Emilio Schuberth, Vincenzo Ferdinandi, the Sorelle Fontana, Giovannelli-Sciarra, Eleanora Garnett and Mingolini-Guggenheim they gave her a prize for her role as ambassador of Italian fashion in the United States.

Kirkland also received the "Order of the Star of Italian Solidarity" in 1954 from the Italian Government for her news on the Italian fashion. She told a friend that she "was secretly pleased, because the medal was green and gold and looked well on the orange evening dress she had wear for the show".

Together with Grace Kelly and Vera Maxwell, Kirkland received a Neiman-Marcus award in 1955 for her contribution to fashion.

Hook (music)

A hook is a musical idea that is used in popular music to make a song appealing and to "catch the ear of the listener". It is usually a short riff, passage, or phrase. The term generally is used for popular music, especially rock, R&B, hip hop, dance, and pop. In these genres, the hook is often in the chorus. A hook can be either melodic or rhythmic, and often uses the main motif for a piece of music.

Henniez, Switzerland

Henniez is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is known for its mineral water Henniez.

Henniez

Henniez can mean:

Roane County

Roane County may refer to two counties in the United States:


Vans

Vans is an American manufacturer of skateboarding shoes. They also make similar apparel. They are based in Santa Ana, California. They are owned by VF Corporation. The company also sponsors surf, snowboarding, BMX, and motocross teams. Since 1996, the company has been the primary sponsor of the annual Vans Warped Tour traveling rock festival.

Missy, Switzerland

Missy is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Moudon

Moudon (; ) is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It was the capital of the Moudon District and is now in the Broye-Vully District.

Montmagny was known as "Minnodunum" or "Minnidunum" during the Roman era. Around 1100, 1154 and 1180 it was mentioned as "Meldun", in 1161 it was "Moudon" and in 1167 as "Meldunum" or "Mildunum".

As ancient Minnodunum, during Roman times, the city was in the country of the Helvetii, on a road from Viviscus (modern Vevey), on the Lake of Geneva, to Aventicum (modern Avenches).


Angst

Angst is an emotion. It is an emotion of fear or anxiety ("anguish" is its Latinate equivalent. "Anxious" and "anxiety" have similar beginnings). The dictionary definition for angst is a feeling of anxiety, apprehension, or insecurity. It is used in English to describe a strong feeling of apprehension, anxiety, or inner turmoil.

Oleyres

Oleyres was a municipality in the Swiss canton of Vaud in the district of Broye-Vully. On 1 July 2011, became part of the municipality of Avenches.

Fidlar

Fidlar, stylized as FIDLAR, is a punk rock band from Los Angeles, California.

The band's name is an acronym for Fuck It Dog, Life's a Risk.



Garage punk (fusion genre)

Garage punk is a rock music genre. It combines the sounds of garage rock, punk rock, and other forms, that started in the indie rock underground between the late 1980s and early 1990s. Bands were influenced from stripped-down 1970s punk rock and Detroit proto-punk. They used many other styles in their sound, such as power pop, 1960s girl groups and garage rock, hardcore punk, early blues and R&B, and surf rock.

Internet censorship

Internet censorship is censorship of the internet. This may include websites censoring information, or entire websites being censored. Google is known for changing its search results to censor information.

As more people in more places begin using the Internet for important activities, there is an increase in online censorship, using increasingly sophisticated techniques. The motives, scope, and effectiveness of Internet censorship vary widely from country to country. The countries engaged in state-mandated filtering are clustered in three main regions of the world: east Asia, central Asia, and the MENA: Middle East & North Africa.


Oulens-sur-Lucens

Oulens-sur-Lucens was a municipality in the district Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 it became part of the municipality of Lucens.

Worden, Kansas

Worden is an unincorporated community in Douglas County, Kansas, United States. It is seven miles west of Baldwin City and nine miles east of Overbrook. It is along U.S. Highway 56.

Worden had a post office from 1884 until 1904.

The abandoned SM-65 Atlas-E missile site 548–2 is about 1.9 miles southwest of Worden.

Until 2011, USD 348 in Baldwin maintained the Marion Springs Elementary School. That school was in Worden.


Prévonloup

Prévonloup is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Trey, Vaud

Trey is a municipality in the district Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Villars-le-Comte

Villars-le-Comte is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Villarzel

Villarzel is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2006, the municipalities of Rossens and Sédeilles became part of Villarzel.

Vucherens

Vucherens is a municipality in the district Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Vulliens

Vulliens is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. Daniel Schorderet has been mayor since 2002 and there are four municipal councillors.


Ballaigues

Ballaigues is a municipality in the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Weekend View

Weekend View was a weekend morning show on The Weather Channel that aired from 5:00 to 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time on Saturday and Sunday mornings. It gave the forecast for the weekend, as well as the week ahead.

Weekend View was supposed to debut on September 17, 2005, but it was delayed to October 1, 2005 due to the busy Atlantic hurricane season. Initial plans included a primetime talk show in the second quarter of 2006, but that never came to function.

In fall 2006, Stephanie Abrams left the show for "Abrams & Bettes Beyond the Forecast" with Mike Bettes and was not replaced. A year later, Samantha Mohr joined The Weather Channel to replace Kelly Cass, who moved to "PM Edition". Cass returned to the program in May 2008. In April of that year, Dao Vu (who was the second non-meteorologist to host a live program, the other being Liz Jarvis-Fabian, who was with The Weather Channel from 1986 to 1989) left and was not replaced.

In March 2009, "Weekend View" was extended to 5-11 a.m. ET, replacing "Weekend Outlook". By this point Bill Keneely was moved to "PM Edition", and Betty Davis joined Kelly Cass on the 7-11 a.m. block. Jeff Morrow and Alex Wallace hosted the new 5-7 a.m. block.

In July 2010, Betty Davis left the show and The Weather Channel. She was replaced by Maria LaRosa.

In November 2010, Cass moved to "Weather Center" and Maria LaRosa joined Todd Santos for "Weekend Now". Jen Carfagno and Eric Fisher were their replacements on the 7-11 a.m. block.

In July 2012, Wallace left for "First Outlook", and was replaced by Danielle Banks. In October, Morrow left The Weather Channel, and was replaced by Ray Stagich. In November, Banks left for "Weekend Now" and "Weather Center Live", but was not replaced.

In July 2013, Eric Fisher left The Weather Channel, and was replaced by Reynolds Wolf.

On November 10, 2013, Weekend View aired its last broadcast. It was replaced by "Weather Center Live" on November 16, as part of the 2013 relaunch of The Weather Channel.

Alicia Lemke

Alicia Lemke (February 3, 1987 August 9, 2015) was an American singer.

Lemke was born in Madison, Wisconsin. Her mother was Gale Lemke. She went to Shorewood Hills Elementary School, Blessed Sacramant School, and West High School.

In 2013, she opened for Fleetwood Mac. In 2013, she had also played at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival in Tennessee. In December 2013, she was diagnosed with a rare form of leukemia while she was on vacation in France.

She appeared in Eminem's 2017 album, "Revival" in the song, "Revival (Interlude)". The vocals were taken from an unreleased song sent to Eminem in 2012.

She died on August 9, 2015 from leukemia.


Stuart B. Levy

Stuart B. Levy (November 21, 1938 – September 4, 2019) was an American researcher and physician. He worked at Tufts University. He was among the first to advocate for greater awareness of antibiotic resistance and founded the Alliance for the Prudent Use of Antibiotics. Levy was born in Wilmington, Delaware. 

Levy died on September 4, 2019 in Boston, Massachusetts of Parkinson's disease at the age of 80.

Imata Kabua

Imata Jabro Kabua (20 May 1943 – 17 September 2019) was a Marshallese politician. President of the Marshall Islands from 14 January 1997 to 10 January 2000. He became the Iroijlaplap of Kwajalein after the death of his cousin, Amata Kabua. Kabua was born in South Pacific Mandate, Empire of Japan.

Kabua died on 17 September 2019 in Honolulu, Hawaii at the age of 76.

Irina Bogacheva

Irina Petrovna Bogacheva (Богачёва, Ирина Петровна; 2 March 1939 – 19 September 2019) was a Soviet-born Russian mezzo-soprano. She was a professor of singing at the St Petersburg State Conservatory.

She was a People's Artist of the USSR, recipient of the State Prize of the USSR, State Prize of the Russian Federation, Order For Services to the Fatherland IV Class, and Honorary Citizen of St Petersburg.


Charles Gérard

Charles Gérard (1 December 1922 – 19 September 2019) was a French actor and director. He appeared in more than fifty movies between 1957 through 2019. He worked with director Claude Lelouch in many movies. He was a close friend of Jean-Paul Belmondo for over 60 years. His best known movies were "The Toy"," Animal" and "".

Gérard died on 19 September 2019 in Paris at the age of 96.

Bert Hellinger

Anton "Bert" Hellinger (16 December 1925 – 19 September 2019) was a German psychotherapist. He worked with a therapeutic method best known as Family Constellations and Systemic Constellations. He was born in Leimen, Baden, Germany. In 1973, he left Germany for a second time and traveled to the United States to be trained for 9 months by Arthur Janov.



Robert Boyd (journalist)

Robert Skinner Boyd (January 11, 1928 – September 20, 2019) was an American journalist. He was born in Chicago. He spent most of his career working for the Knight Newspaper Group. 

He and Clark Hoyt won a Pulitzer Prize in 1973 for discovering the fact that Senator Thomas Eagleton, George McGovern's choice for vice president, had had severe psychiatric problems and undergone three shock treatments. Instead of publishing their scoop, they told their findings to McGovern's top advisor, and Eagleton withdrew as the Democratic nominee.

Boyd died from congestive heart failure at a nursing home in Philadelphia on September 20, 2019 at the age of 91.

Howard Cassady

Howard Albert "Hopalong" Cassady (March 2, 1934 – September 20, 2019) was a professional American football running back. He won the Heisman Trophy in 1955. He was added into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1979. He played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) for eight seasons, seven of them for the Detroit Lions, with whom he won the 1957 NFL Championship Game. He briefly played for the Cleveland Browns and the Philadelphia Eagles. 

Cassady was born in Columbus, Ohio. He studied at Ohio State University. Cassady died on September 20, 2019 at his home in Tampa, Florida at the age of 85.

Séamus Hegarty

Séamus Hegarty, D.D. (26 January 1940 – 20 September 2019) was an Irish Roman Catholic prelate. He was Bishop of Raphoe from 1982 to 1994, then as Bishop of Derry from 1994 to 2011. Hegarty was born in Kilcar, County Donegal, Ireland.

In November 2011, Hegarty was diagnosed with a "neurodegenerative disease" which forced him to resign from his job. The Holy See announced on 23 November 2011 that his resignation had been accepted.

Hegarty died on 20 September 2019 in Letterkenny, County Donegal, Ireland at the age of 79.

Gregorio Martínez Sacristán

Gregorio Martínez Sacristán' (19 December 1946 – 20 September 2019) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop. Martínez Sacristán was ordained to the priesthood in 1971. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Zamora in Spain from 2006 until his death in 2019.

Martínez Sacristán died on 20 September 2019 in Madrid at the age of 72.

Yonrico Scott

Yonrico Scott (October 6, 1955 – September 20, 2019) was an American drummer and percussionist. He was a longtime member of the Grammy winning The Derek Trucks Band. He was the bandleader of the Yonrico Scott Band, and later worked with the Royal Southern Brotherhood, with Cyril Neville.

Su Beng

Su Beng (9 November 1918 – 20 September 2019) (), whose given name was Shih Chao-hui (), was a Taiwanese dissident and political activist. He was born in Shirin Town, Taihoku Chō, Japanese Taiwan (modern-day Shilin District of Taipei, Taiwan). 

He was known as the “Che Guevara of Taiwan". In April 1994, he began the Taiwan Independence Action motorcade, which he conceived as a way to raise the Taiwanese people’s political awareness. He fought for Taiwanese independence. 

Su died in Taipei on 20 September 2019 of pneumonia at the age of 100.


Marina Tsvetaeva

Marina Ivanovna Tsvetaeva (; 31 August 1941) was a Russian-Soviet poet. Her work is thought to be some of the greatest in twentieth century Russian literature. 

She lived through and wrote of the Russian Revolution of 1917 and the Moscow famine that followed it. 

In an attempt to save her daughter Irina from starvation, she placed her in a state orphanage in 1919, where she died of hunger. 

Tsvetaeva left Russia in 1922 and lived with her family in increasing poverty in Paris, Berlin and Prague before returning to Moscow in 1939. 

Her husband Sergei Efron and her daughter Ariadna Efron (Alya) were arrested on espionage charges in 1941; her husband was executed. Tsvetaeva committed suicide by hanging hereself in 1941. 



Francesca Sundsten

Francesca Sundsten (1960-Seattle,2019) was an american painter and wife of Bill Rieflin,member of King Crimson.

Oui, oui, oui, oui

"Oui, oui, oui, oui" (, "Yes, yes, yes, yes") is a song by French singer Jean Philippe. Pierre Cour and Hubert Giraud wrote it. The song was released as an EP and a single in 1959. It represented France in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1959.

"Oui, oui, oui, oui" participated in a national final organized by French broadcaster RTF in 1959. The song won it. For that reason, RTF sent it to represent France in the Eurovision Song Contest 1959.

The song competed in the contest. It was held in the Palace of Festivals and Conferences in Cannes, France, on 11 March 1959. Jean Philippe performed it. Franck Pourcel conducted the orchestra.

It was performed first, before Denmark's Birthe Wilke with "Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig". In the end, the song received 15 points. It placed third out of 11.


Fontanezier

Fontanezier was a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the municipalities of Fontanezier, Romairon, Vaugondry and Villars-Burquin joined together to become the new municipality of Tévenon.

Romairon

Romairon was a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the municipalities of Fontanezier, Romairon, Vaugondry and Villars-Burquin joined together to become the new municipality of Tévenon.

Villars-Burquin

Villars-Burquin was a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the municipalities of Fontanezier, Romairon, Vaugondry and Villars-Burquin joined together to become the new municipality of Tévenon.

Tévenon

Tévenon is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Fontanezier, Romairon, Vaugondry and Villars-Burquin merged to form the new municipality of Tévenon.


Corcelles-près-Concise

Corcelles-près-Concise is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Agiez

Agiez is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Arnex-sur-Orbe

Arnex-sur-Orbe is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Vaud in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois.


Baulmes

Baulmes is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Bavois

Bavois is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Pomy, Switzerland

Pomy is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Belmont-sur-Yverdon

Belmont-sur-Yverdon is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Bioley-Magnoux

Bioley-Magnoux is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Bofflens

Bofflens is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Child World

Child World was a toy store founded by "Sid Shneider" and "Joseph Arnesano who" opened the first store in Quincy Massachusetts in 1962. They founded the store inspired by the popularity of Toys "R" Us, which had already been around for a few decades and was favoured by most parents 

In 1977, they took over ""Children's Palace"," another toy store founded in 1968, and became the second biggest toy store behind Toys R Us, who in some areas were located nearby of other stores. Their flagship store opened in 1989 in Framingham near the Shoppers World mall. The store was a success, and Child World attempted to change the layout of 11 other stores to match up with the store. But things started to fall for Child World in the 1990s.

In 1979, Child World introduced a mascot, Peter, a panda wearing overalls with his name on them. 

Toy makers stopped shipping to Child World stores, making it hard to keep toys on shelves, and many people working for Child World were fired and replaced by some people who formerly worked for Toys R Us who tried to save Child World. Child world filed for bankruptcy in May 1992 and closed half of its stores. Soon they discovered another toy store, Kiddie City, who was also having the same problems. They tried to merge Kiddie City with Child World while holding clearance sales on all 71 Child World stores. Child World says it's their only plan left of staying open. The July 12 deadline came and passed with no merger announcement, and the inventory clearance sale was now a going out of business sale. Despite this, merger talks continued in the hopes that they might be able to pull off a last-minute deal. However, on August 2, Child World announced that the plan failed and continued the process of shutting down the last 71 stores in the next 6 weeks.

List of 100 Days to Heaven episodes

This is a list of episodes of "100 Days to Heaven" which aired on ABS-CBN's "Primetime Bida" evening block from May 9, 2011 to November 18, 2011. The series was directed by Malu L. Sevilla, Jojo A. Saguin, and Don M. Cuaresma.
<onlyinclude>

Islam in Assam

Islam is the second largest and fastest growing religion in Assam. Assam is also home to a large number of Indian Muslims. According to the 2011 census, 36% of Assam's population is Muslim. According to the more late estimates 2021, 42% of the population could be Muslim now. 12 out of 32 districts of Assam is now Muslim majority and 5 districts have high Muslim population concentration.


Malin Krastev

Malin Krastev (; born 23 April 1970) is a Bulgarian actor and director. He is known for his movies "Stonehearst Asylum" (2014) and "The Petrov File" (2015). He is also known for his role as Storch on the television series "Magna Aura". He was born in Sofia.

Ford Doolittle

W. Ford Doolittle (born February 21, 1941 in Urbana, Illinois) is Professor Emeritus at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia.  

Doolittle is an evolutionary and molecular biologist. He is a member of the US National Academy of Sciences and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada and other awards.

Doolittle studied cyanobacteria. He found evidence for the endosymbiont origins of chloroplasts. He has a theory for the initial evolution of eukaryotes. He has shown why horizontal gene transfer is important to prokaryotic evolution.

In 1981, Doolittle received notice for his article in "The CoEvolution Quarterly" entitled "Is Nature Really Motherly?". This was a criticism of J. E. Lovelock's formulation of the Gaia Theory. Doolittle's article is often cited by Lovelock's critics.

Doolittle thinks the idea of an all-encompassing Tree of Life is wrong. However, he is not a supporter of intelligent design. A "single" common ancestor and tree of all of life on Earth is not the only way evolution could have happened.

René Huguenin Hospital

The Hôpital René-Huguenin is a well-known hospital in Saint-Cloud, close to Paris. It was created in 2010. It is a partner of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines.


Aron Eisenberg

Aron Eisenberg (January 6, 1969 – September 21, 2019) was an American actor. He was born in Los Angeles, California. Eisenberg was known for his role as Nog on "". He appeared on "Tales from the Crypt", "", "Parker Lewis Can't Lose", "The Wonder Years", and "General Hospital".

Eisenberg died on September 21, 2019 in Los Angeles from a heart attack caused by kidney disease at the age of 50.

Nashua, New Hampshire

Nashua is a city in southern New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2020 census, Nashua had a population of 91,322. It is the second-largest city in the state and in northern New England after nearby Manchester.

Nashua is, along with Manchester, one of two seats of New Hampshire's most populous county, Hillsborough County.

Woo Hye-mi

Woo Hye-mi (; April 6, 1988 – September 21, 2019), also known by her stage name Miwoo (), was a South Korean singer. She was well known as one of the final four contestants from the first season of the South Korean talent show series "The Voice of Korea".

On 21 September 2019, Woo Hye-mi, aged 31, was found dead at her home in Seoul.

Ibrahim El-Orabi

Ibrahim Abdel Ghafour El Orabi (, ); 20 May 1931 – 18 September 2019) was an Egyptian Army Lieutenant General. He was the 13th and former Chief of Staff of the Egyptian Armed Forces from 1983 through 1987. He was a member of the Free Officers Movement. El-Orabi was born in El-Gharbeyya, Egypt.

El-Orabi died on 19 September 2019 in Cairo at the age of 88.

Chet Baker

Chesney Henry Baker Jr. (December 23, 1929 – May 13, 1988) was an American jazz trumpeter, pianist and singer. He was born in Yale, Oklahoma. He was known for his albums "Chet Baker Sings" and "It Could Happen to You". He was also known for his drug problems. Baker was in and out of jail before enjoying a career surge in the late 1970s and '80s.

Baker died after falling off a balcony from his Amsterdam apartment on May 13, 1988 while under the influence of heroin and cocaine at the age of 58.


Jim Jarmusch

James Robert Jarmusch (; born January 22, 1953) is an American movie director, screenwriter, actor, producer, editor, and composer. He directed "Stranger Than Paradise" (1984), "Down by Law" (1986), "Mystery Train" (1989), "Dead Man" (1995), "" (1999), "Coffee and Cigarettes" (2003), "Broken Flowers" (2005), "Only Lovers Left Alive" (2013), and "Paterson" (2016). 


Independence Day (India)

Independence Day has been celebrated every year on 15 August since 15 August 1947. On that date, British India became an independent country, the Dominion of India. (The Dominion of India became today's Republic of India in 1950, on Republic Day.)

Mahatma Gandhi is one of those who served the country as a father and so he is called the father of the nation. Many times our freedom fighters were beaten and sent behind bars but they did not lose their confidence to fight for Indian Independence.

Apart from Gandhiji, Chandrashekhar Azad, Bhagat Singh, Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel, Dr Rajendra Prsad, Lal Bahadur Shastri, Subhash Chandra Bose, Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Gopal Krishna Gokhale, and many others had to face the exploitation of Britishers. After a lot of struggles and difficulties, we got freedom from British rule.

Bonvillars

Bonvillars is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Bretonnières

Bretonnières is a municipality in Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Bullet, Switzerland

Bullet is a municipality in the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Grandevent

Grandevent is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Fiez

Fiez is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Giez

Giez is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Sergey, Switzerland

Sergey is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Mauborget

Mauborget is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Suchy

Suchy is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Mutrux

Mutrux is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

The Addams Family (1991 movie)

The Addams Family (1991) is an American movie based on the cartoon by Charles Addams and the TV series by David Levy. It was the first movie directed by Barry Sonnenfeld. A sequel was released in 1993.

Gomez Addams (Raul Julia) misses his brother Fester (Christopher Lloyd), who left 25 years earlier after they had a big fight. Gomez's lawyer, Tully Alford (Dan Hedaya), owes money to Abigail Craven (Elizabeth Wilson), and notices that her adopted son, Gordon looks like Fester. Tully tells Gordon to pretend to be Fester to get close to the Addams family and find their riches. Tully and his wife, Margaret (Dana Ivey), join Grandmama to try to talk to Fester's ghost. Gordon arrives, pretending to be Fester, and Abigail tells the family Fester has been in the Bermuda Triangle.

Gomez takes him to the family vault to watch home movies from their childhood. Gordon learns that Gomez was jealous of Fester, and he dated the Amor twins to get even with Fester. Gomez starts to think that this is not the real Fester. Gordon tries to return to the vault, but can't get past a booby trap. Gomez's wife, Morticia (Anjelica Huston), threatens the fake Fester, saying how much the Addamses love family, and don't trust outsiders.

Gordon grows closer to the Addams family, particularly the children Wednesday (Christina Ricci) and Pugsley (Jimmy Workman), and he teaches them about swords for a school play. Fake Fester goes to the play, even though Abigail told him not to do so. After the play, Abigail says fake Fester must go away again, so the Addamses throw a large party. Wednesday hears Abigail and Gordon talking about plans to break into the vault. Tully learns that Fester, as the biggest brother, owns all of the Addams property. The Addamses' neighbor, Judge George Womack (Paul Benedict), helps the bad guys kick the Addamses out of their house.

Abigail, Gordon and Tully try and fail many times to get past the booby trap blocking the vault. The Addams family must move to a motel and get jobs. Morticia tries being a preschool teacher, Wednesday and Pugsley sell poisoned lemonade, and Thing (Christopher Hart)—the family's living hand—becomes a "delivery hand." Gomez is too sad to work.

Morticia returns to the Addams home and Abigail and Tully catcher her and punish her, trying to learn how to get in the vault. Thing sees them and tells Gomez. The Addamses rush to save Morticia. Abigail threatens to kill Morticia unless they give her their money. Gordon stops Abigail. He uses a magic book to make a storm hit the house. Lightening strikes his head and launches Tully and Abigail out a window and into graves Wednesday and Pugsley had dug.

Gordon's memory returns after the lightening strike, and he remembers that he was the real Fester all along. Morticia tells Gomez that she is pregnant.

The soundtrack for "The Addams Family" features the song "Addams Groove" by MC Hammer.


My Michigan

"Michigan, My Michigan" is a popular anthem in the State of Michigan, and erroneously believed by many to be Michigan's official state song. The actual state song, "My Michigan", was formally adopted in 1937 but remains relatively obscure, due in part to the misconception that the official song is "Michigan, My Michigan."

Sándor Sára

Sándor Sára (28 November 1933 – 22 September 2019) was a Hungarian cinematographer and movie director. He directed 16 movies between 1962 and 2004. His movie "The Upthrown Stone" was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival. His other works include: "Ten Thousand Days" (1967), "Szindbád" (1971) and "80 Hussars" (1978).

Ivan Kizimov

Ivan Kizimov (; 28 May 1928 – 22 September 2019) was a Soviet-born Russian equestrian and Olympic champion. He was born in Novocherkassk. He won a gold medal in dressage at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, and a gold medal in team dressage at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.


Patchur, Karaikal

Patchur, Karaikal is a small revenue village (hamlet). It belongs to the Karaikal taluk, Karaikal district, Puducherry, India. This area is mostly famous for the Sri Dharmasasta Ayyapan Temple. This is the only Ayyapan temple in the Karaikal region.

Anastasia Zavorotnyuk

Anastasia Yuryevna Zavorotnyuk (; born April 3, 1971) is a Russian actress and television presenter. She was known for her role in the "My Fair Nanny" television show. Zavorotnyuk was born in Astrakhan, Russia. 

In 2018, Zavorotnyul was diagnosed with glioblastoma. 

On 13 September 2019, Zavorotnyuk was hospitalized for multiple organ failure and was in a coma. The next day, her cancer treatment stopped and was placed on a ventilator.

Jevan Snead

Jevan Bryce Snead (September 2, 1987 – September 21, 2019) was an American football quarterback. He played college football at Mississippi after sitting behind Colt McCoy for Texas. He was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent and then cut. Snead was also a pre-season member of the Tampa Bay Storm.

Snead died on September 17, 2019 in Austin, Texas at the age of 32.

Jean-Claude Narcy

Jean-Claude Narcy (born 16 January 1938) is a French journalist and news anchor. He has presented the daily news in the evening and at night on TF1. Narcy was born in Tours, Indre-et-Loire, France. Narcy was named Commander of the Legion of Honor in 2009.

Alice Belaïdi

Alice Belaïdi (born 18 March 1987) is a French actress. She has appeared in more than 20 movies and television shows since 2010. She is known for her roles in "The Gorillas" (2015), "Jailbirds" (2015), "Odd Job" (2016), and in the Netflix movie "The Climb" (2017).

Madhav Apte

Madhavrao Laxmanrao Apte (5 October 1932 – 23 September 2019) was a former Indian cricketer. He played in 7 Tests from 1952 to 1953. He was elected to the office of the President of the Cricket Club of India in 1989. Apte was born in Bombay.

Apte died on 23 September 2019 at a Mumbai hospital from cardiac arrest at the age of 86.

Carl Ruiz

Carl "The Cuban" Ruiz (April 4, 1975 – September 21, 2019) was a Cuban-American restaurant-owner and celebrity chef. He was born in Passaic, New Jersey. Ruiz was best known as a judge on many cooking competition shows on Food Network in the United States. He was also known for working with Guy Fieri and was a judge on his shows, including "Guy's Grocery Games" and "Guy's Ranch Kitchen".

Ruiz died in his sleep on September 21, 2019, of a suspected heart attack while visiting friends in Maryland, aged 44.

Guy Fieri

Guy Ramsay Fieri (, ; né Ferry; born January 22, 1968) is an American restaurateur, author, game show host, and an Emmy Award winning television personality.

He co-owns three restaurants in California, licenses his name to restaurants in New York City and Las Vegas, Nevada, and is known for hosting many television series on the Food Network.

By mid-2010, the Food Network had made Fieri the "face of the network".

Power bloc

In international relations, a power bloc is an association of groups, especially nations, having a common interest and acting as a single political force.

Epoch (reference date)

An epoch is the time that begins a calendar and is one of the things that defines a calendar, along with what the units of time are and how they fit into the calendar. The epoch could be called Year Zero, or Second Zero, or other names like that.

Günter Kunert

Günter Kunert (; 6 March 1929 – 21 September 2019) was a German writer and political commentator. Born in Berlin, he left the German Democratic Republic (East Germany) to live in the Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany). He joined the main political party of East Germany, the Socialist Unity Party (SED) in 1948.

A poet, Kunert also wrote short stories, essays, autobiographical works, aphorisms, satires, fairy tales, science fiction, radio plays, speeches, travel writing, movie scripts, a novel, and a drama.

In the 1970s, he was a writing lecturer at the University of Texas at Austin. In 2009, Kunert won the America Award in Literature.
Kunert was born in Berlin. Kunert died in Kaisborstel on 21 September 2019 at the age of 90.

Kunert was an honorary doctor of several universities in Italy and the United States. He was awarded the Heinrich Heine Prize of Düsseldorf in 1985, the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany in 2012 and the Kunstpreis of Schleswig-Holstein in 2014.


Mack

Mack may refer to:





9/11 (2002 movie)

9/11 is a 2002 documentary about the September 11 attacks in New York, where two planes crashed into the buildings of the World Trade Center. The movie was directed by Jules and Gédéon Naudet and James Hanlon.

Butene

Butene is the third occurring chemical compound in the alkene series of compounds. It has the chemical formula CH. Butene is made in laboratories. Butane is formed from covalent bonds between hydrogen and carbon atoms.

There are four isomers, and all are gases at room temperature.
All four of these hydrocarbons have four carbon atoms and one double bond in their molecules, but have different chemical structures. The IUPAC and common names, respectively, of these chemical compounds are:

Jan Merlin

Jan Merlin (born Jan Wasylewski; April 3, 1925 – September 20, 2019) was an American character actor, screenwriter, and author. Merlin was born in New York City. His best known roles were "Hell Bent for Leather", "Guns of Diablo" (1965), "The St. Valentine's Day Massacre" (1967), "Take the Money and Run" (1969), "The Twilight People" (1972), "I Escaped from Devil's Island" (1973), "The Slams" (1973), "The Hindenburg" (1975) and "Time Trackers" (1989).

Merlin died on September 20, 2019 in Burbank, California at the age of 94.

Alberto Fernández

Alberto Ángel Fernández (born 2 April 1959) is an Argentine lawyer and politician who is the President of the Justicialist Party since 2021. He was also the 57th President of Argentina from 2019 to 2023. He was the Chief of the Cabinet of Ministers during Néstor Kirchner's presidency, and the early months of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner's. His tenure as Cabinet Chief from 2003 to 2008 remains the longest since the post was created in 1994.

In May 2019, Fernández announced his candidacy for president for the 2019 election. He was elected president in October 2019, beating incumbent President Mauricio Macri with a 48% to 40% vote count.

In April 2023, Fernández announced that he decided to not seek reelection to the presidency in the 2023 election. He was succeeded by Javier Milei, the current president, on 10 December 2023.

Roberto Lavagna

Roberto Lavagna (born 24 March 1942) is an Argentine economist and politician. He was Minister of Economy and Production from April 27, 2002 until November 28, 2005.

Eduardo Duhalde

Eduardo Alberto Duhalde (; born 5 October 1941) is an Argentine politician. He was the President of Argentina from 2002 to 2003. He also was the Vice President between 1989 to 1991 during the Carlos Menem presidency.

Adolfo Rodríguez Saá

Adolfo Rodríguez Saá (born 25 July 1947) is an Argentine Peronist politician. He was an interim President of Argentina between 23 December 2001 through 30 December 2001.

Louisiana (New France)

Louisiana () or French Louisiana was an administrative district of New France. It was under French control 1682 to 1762 and 1801 (nominally) to 1803 when France sold it in the Louisiana Purchase. The area was named after King Louis XIV by French explorer René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle. The area included most of the drainage basin of the Mississippi River, and it went from the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, and it went from the Appalachian Mountains to the Rocky Mountains.

Louisiana included two regions. These regions are now known as Upper Louisiana (), which began north of the Arkansas River, and "Lower Louisiana" (). Most of the French people in Upper Louisiana came from Canada.

The U.S. state of Louisiana is named for the historical region. Although it is only a small part of the vast lands claimed by France.


Louisiana (New Spain)

Louisiana () was an administrative district of the Viceroyalty of New Spain from 1763 to 1801. It included the area west of the Mississippi River basin, plus New Orleans. Spain got the territory from France, which had named it La Louisiane after King Louis XIV in 1682. It is sometimes called Spanish Louisiana. The district was given back to France, under the terms of the Third Treaty of San Ildefonso (1800) and the Treaty of Aranjuez (1801). In 1802, King Charles IV of Spain wrote a royal bill on 14 October. This changed the transfer and outlined the conditions.

However, Spain agreed to still run the colony until French officials came and made the transfer official (1803). The ceremony happened at the Cabildo in New Orleans on 30 November 1803. This was just three weeks before the formalities of cession from France to the United States pursuant to the Louisiana Purchase.

Treaty of Aranjuez (1801)

The Treaty of Aranjuez (1801) was signed on 21 March 1801 by France and Spain. It confirmed the terms of the secret Third Treaty of San Ildefonso dated 1 October 1800. That treaty said Spain would give its North American colony of Spanish Louisiana for territories in Tuscany.

Chamblon

Chamblon is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Champagne, Switzerland

Champagne is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Baxter Springs, Kansas

Baxter Springs is a city in Cherokee County, Kansas, United States. It is along the Spring River. In 2020, 3,888 people lived there. It is the biggest city in Cherokee County. 

One of the largest Osage bands was led by Chief Black Dog ("Manka - Chonka"). His men finished what became known as the Black Dog Trail by 1803. It started from their winter territory. This territory was east of Baxter Springs, and it went southwest to their summer hunting area at the Great Salt Plains in present-day Alfalfa County, Oklahoma. The Osage regularly stopped at the springs for healing on their way to summer hunting area. They made the trail by clearing it of brush and big rocks. They built ramps from the ground to the fords. The trail was the first improved road in Kansas and Oklahoma. It was big enough for eight horsemen to be riding side-by-side.

Baxter Springs is at (37.023062, -94.734762).

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The census of 2020 says that there were 3,888 people, 1,595 households, and 979 families living in Baxter Springs. Of the households, 63.9% owned their home and 36.1% rented their home.

The median age was 38.8 years. Of the people, 78.9% were White, 7.1% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 0.5% were Pacific Islanders, 0.4% were Black, 1.1% were from some other race, and 11.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.1% of the people.

The census of 2010 says that there were 4,238 people, 1,754 households, and 1,151 families living in Baxter Springs.


Champvent

Champvent is a municipality of the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The former municipalities of Essert-sous-Champvent and Villars-sous-Champvent merged on 1 January 2012, into Champvent.


Chanéaz

Chanéaz was a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the municipalities of Chanéaz, Chapelle-sur-Moudon, Correvon, Denezy, Martherenges, Neyruz-sur-Moudon, Peyres-Possens, Saint-Cierges and Thierrens joined together to become the new municipality of Montanaire.

1896 United States presidential election

The 1896 United States presidential election was the 28th presidential election in the United States. It happened on Tuesday, November 3, 1896. Former Governor William McKinley, the Republican candidate, defeated Democrat William Jennings Bryan. The 1896 campaign happened during an economic depression called the Panic of 1893. The election is considered to mark the change from the "Third Party System" to the "Fourth Party System".

Although, McKinley's 1896 nomination was his first time securing the nomination, he had received 10+ delegates in every convention since 1888.




Chavannes-le-Chêne

Chavannes-le-Chêne is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Rovray

Rovray is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is in the Jura-Nord vaudois district. On 1 January 2005 the former municipality of Arrissoules merged into the municipality of Rovray, which kept the name Rovray.


Odawa

The Odawa (also Ottawa or Odaawaa ) are an Indigenous American ethnic group. Their name means "traders". They are part of the Northeastern Woodlands cultures. Their language is part of the Algonquian language family. They mostly live in the northern United States and southern Canada. The US Government federally recognizes these Native Americans as a tribe. They have numerous recognized First Nations bands in Canada. They are one of the Anishinaabeg. They are related to but different from the Ojibwe and Potawatomi peoples.

The Odawa may have come from some Hopewell traditions. The Odawa were historically grouped with the Ojibwe and Potawatomi. The three were allied in the Council of Three Fires. The fought against other tribes like the Iroquois and Dakota. 

The Odawa were important in the fur trade. They traded beaver, deer, marten, raccoon, fox, otter, and muskrat. The Odawa got metal tools, cloths, weapons, jewelry and alcohol in return. The Odawa fought wars over trading. They fought against the powerful Mohawk and Iroquois in the Beaver Wars. 

Many Natives later died from European diseases. The natives were not immune to these new diseases. 

In 1752, the French Charles Langlade attacked the Miami people at Pickawillany with Odawa, Potawatomi, and Ojibwe. The Miami surrendered and handed over Englishmen for negotiations. The Odawa ate one Englishman and the Chief of the town. This was one of the events that led to increased tension in the Ohio Country. This eventually led to the French and Indian War between France and Britain. 

The Odawa were together with the French against the British in the French and Indian War or Seven Years' War (1756-1763). Pontiac was an important Odawa chief. Chief Egushawa allied with the British during the American Revolution (1775-1783).

After the American Revolution, Odawa and other tribes fought against the United States in the Northwest Indian War. The natives lost this war and had to give up much land The Odawa gave lands in the Treaty of Greenville (1795). They gave up more land in the Treaty of Detroit (1807). After the Indian Removal Act of 1830, the remaining Odawa moved to Kansas.



Valeyres-sous-Montagny

Valeyres-sous-Montagny is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Gressy, Switzerland

Gressy was a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. Gressy became part of the municipality of Yverdon-les-Bains on on 1 July 2011.

Gressy

Gressy is the name of two places in Europe:

L'Abbaye

L'Abbaye is a municipality in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland, in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the Vallée de Joux. Its name is from Lac de Joux Abbey, a Premonstratensian monastery.

L'Abbaye is located on the eastern shore of the Lac de Joux at an elevation of between and . It is at the heart of the Vallée de Joux in the Jura. It includes also the villages of Les Bioux and Le Pont.

The municipality was part of the La Vallée District until it was dissolved on 31 August 2006, and L'Abbaye became part of the new district of Jura-Nord vaudois.


3rd U.S. Infantry Regiment (The Old Guard)

The 3rd United States Infantry Regiment is a regiment of the United States Army. It currently has three active battalions. It's sometime called The Old Guard, as well as Escort to the President. The regimental motto is "Noli Me Tangere" (from Latin: – "Touch Me Not"). The regiment is a major unit of the Military District of Washington (MDW).

The regiment is the oldest active duty regiment in the US Army. It was first created as the First American Regiment in 1784. It has been the official ceremonial unit of the US Army since 1948.


Zhuang people

The Zhuang people (; ) are a Kra-Dai speaking ethnic group who mostly live in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in southern China. Some also live in the Yunnan, Guangdong, Guizhou and Hunan provinces. They form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the People's Republic of China. With the Buyi, Tay–Nùng, and other northern Tai speakers, they are sometimes known as the Rau or Rao. Their population, estimated at 18 million people, makes them the largest minority in China.

A Senior City Police Officer Pursues His Roots In China, By Marvine Howe, New York Times, November 14, 1985.


Henry Leavenworth

Henry Leavenworth (December 10, 1783 – July 21, 1834) was an American soldier. He was active in the War of 1812 and early military actions against the Plains Indians. He created Fort Leavenworth in Kansas. Leavenworth, Kansas, Leavenworth County, Kansas, and the Leavenworth Penitentiary are named after him.


Ojibwe

The Ojibwe, Ojibwa, Chippewa, or Saulteaux are an Anishinaabe people of Canada and the United States. They are one of the biggest indigenous peoples north of the Rio Grande. In Canada, they are the second-biggest First Nations group. The only group bigger are the Cree. In the United States, they have the fifth-biggest number of people among Native American peoples. The only groups bigger are the Navajo, Cherokee, Choctaw and Sioux. 

Most of the Ojibwe people live in the United States. There are 77,940 mainline Ojibwe; 76,760 Saulteaux; and 8,770 Mississauga, organized in 125 bands. They live from western Quebec to eastern British Columbia. , the US census says that there are 170,742 Ojibwe people.


Squatting

Squatting is when someone starts living on empty land or in an empty building (usually a residential building) which the squatter does not own, rent or have permission to use. Author Robert Neuwirth suggested in 2004 that there were one billion squatters in the world.

Most squatting is residential. Squatting usually happens when a poor and homeless population sees old property or land.

Freetown Christiania is enough popular place for squatters. 

In the United States, squatting laws are different from state to state and city to city. For the most part, it is not tolerated for long, especially in cities.

Community organizations have helped the homeless to take over empty buildings. It is done not only to change the building to be a place to live but also a part of bigger campaign to let people know about inequality in housing. They also do it to help get change in housing and land issues.


Olof Thunberg

Fritz-Olof Thunberg (21 May 1925 – 24 February 2020) was a Swedish actor and director. He was known for his deep voice and for his radio horror programs such as "Mannen i svart" ("The Men in Black"). He was also known as the voice of Bamse and Agaton Sax in children's movies and recordings. He also dubbed many Disney movies to Swedish.

His granddaughter is environmentalist youth activist Greta Thunberg.

Thunberg died on 24 February 2020 at his home in Nacka, Sweden at the age of 94. 


Harry Joseph Flynn

Harry Joseph Flynn (May 2, 1933 – September 22, 2019) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis from September 8, 1995 to May 2, 2008, when his resignation was accepted by Pope Benedict XVI. He was born in Schenectady, New York.

Flynn died on September 22, 2019 from bone cancer in Saint Paul, Minnesota at the age of 86.


J. Michael Mendel

J. Michael "Mike" Mendel (September 24, 1964 – September 22, 2019) was an American television producer. He was a four-time Emmy Award winner for his works on "The Simpsons" and "Rick and Morty". He also produced "The PJs", "The Oblongs", "Drawn Together", "Sit Down, Shut Up", and "Napoleon Dynamite".

Mendel died suddenly on September 22, 2019 in Los Angeles, two days before his 55th birthday. 

Al Alvarez

Alfred Alvarez (5 August 1929 – 23 September 2019) was an English poet, novelist, essayist and critic. He published under the name A. Alvarez and Al Alvarez. He was best known for his 1962 poetry anthology "The New Poetry".

Alvarez died of pneumonia on 23 September 2019 in London at the age of 90.



Lennie Hoffmann, Baron Hoffmann

Leonard Hubert "Lennie" Hoffmann, Baron Hoffmann, PC, GBS (born 8 May 1934) is a retired senior South African-British judge. He was a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary from 1995 to 2009.

Donald Nicholls, Baron Nicholls of Birkenhead

Donald James Nicholls, Baron Nicholls of Birkenhead, PC (born 25 January 1933), is a British lawyer. He was a Law Lord (Lord of Appeal in Ordinary). From 1998 to 2004, he was a Non-Permanent Judge of the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal.

He retired from the membership of the House of Lords on 3 April 2017.

David Hope, Baron Hope of Craighead

James Arthur David Hope, Baron Hope of Craighead, (born 27 June 1938) is a retired Scottish judge. He was the first Deputy President of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom from 2009 until his retirement in 2013. He was on the Second Senior Lord of Appeal in Ordinary. 

In 2015, he became the Convenor of the Crossbench peers in the House of Lords.

Brenda Hale, Baroness Hale of Richmond

Brenda Marjorie Hale, Baroness Hale of Richmond , known as Lady Hale (born 31 January 1945), is a British judge. She was President of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom from 2017 to 2020.

In 2004, she joined the House of Lords as a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary. She is the only woman to have been appointed to this position.

Curt Wittlin

Curt Wittlin (13 April 1941 – 23 September 2019) was a Swiss philologist. He was an expert of medieval Catalan language and literature. In 1997 he became a member of the Institute of Catalan Studies and from 1990 to 1993 he was president of the North American Catalan Society.

Wittlin was born in Basel, Switzerland. He died on 23 September 2019 in Tortosa, Spain at the age of 78.



Nash, North Dakota

Nash is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Walsh County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 13 at the 2020 census. It was founded in 1890.

Nash is located at (48.470556, -97.513056).

Phil Hardberger

Phillip Duane Hardberger (born July 27, 1934) is an American politician, lawyer, and jurist. He was Mayor of San Antonio, Texas from 2005 through 2009. He is a Democrat, but he was elected on a non-partisan ballot.

Ron Nirenberg

Ronald Adrian Nirenberg (born April 11, 1977) is an American politician. He is the Mayor of San Antonio, Texas since 2017. He was a member of the San Antonio City Council for District 8 for two terms. He was sworn into office on June 21, 2017.

Red Bay Castle

Red Bay Castle () is located in County Antrim, Northern Ireland, on a piece of land projecting into the sea north of Glenariff located on the road to Cushendall.

It was built by the Bissett family in the 13th century on the site of an earlier motte-and-bailey outpost of the Kingdom of Dál Riata. The Bissett family were stripped of their lands in Scotland and fled for their lives to Ireland after Walter de Bisset was accused of the murder of Patrick, Earl of Atholl, at Haddington, East Lothian in 1242. King Henry III of England granted Bisset large possessions in the Barony of Glenarm, Ireland.

John Mor MacDonald 1st of Dunnyveg married Margery Bissett of the Glens of Antrim, and acquired as a result the castle of Red Bay. His descendants known as the MacDonnells of Antrim extended and rebuilt the castle in the 16th century. In 1565, the castle was burned to the ground by Shane O'Neill, chief of the O'Neills of Tyrone; it was rebuilt by Sorley Boy MacDonnell, however later fell into disrepair.

In 1604 the castle was restored and was later destroyed by Oliver Cromwell in 1652 during the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland.

The Bronx (band)

The Bronx is an American punk rock band from Los Angeles, California. It was created in 2002. The band's current line-up is vocalist Matt Caughthran, guitarists Joby J. Ford and Ken Horne, bass guitarist Brad Magers, and drummer Joey Castillo. The band have released five studio albums. They have also also released three more albums of mariachi music under the moniker of Mariachi El Bronx.

The original group of The Bronx consisted of Caughthran, Ford, bassist James Tweedy, and drummer Jorma Vik.

Cheseaux-Noréaz

Cheseaux-Noréaz is a municipality in Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Juriens

Juriens is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Australia (continent)


Elaine Feinstein

Elaine Feinstein (born as Elaine Coolin; 24 October 1930 – 23 September 2019) was an English poet, novelist, short-story writer, playwright, biographer and translator. She was born in Bootle, Lancashire.

She wrote 14 novels, many radio plays, television dramas and five biographies, including "A Captive Lion: the Life of Marina Tsvetaeva" (1987) and "Pushkin" (1998). "Ted Hughes: The Life of a Poet" (2001) was shortlisted for the biennial Marsh Biography Prize. 

Feinstein died on 23 September 2019 at the age of 88.



Cronay

Cronay is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Lone Wolf, Oklahoma

Lone Wolf is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Battle of Marais des Cygnes

The Battle of Marais des Cygnes was a battle during Price's Missouri Raid in the American Civil War. It happened on October 25, 1864, in Linn County, Kansas. It is also called the Battle of Osage, or the Battle of Trading Post. It was the first of three related actions on the same day. All three of those actions involved elements of Major General Sterling Price's Confederate Army of Missouri, and the Union's Provisional Cavalry Division commanded by Major General Alfred Pleasonton.

Thomas Ewing Jr.

Thomas Ewing Jr. (August 7, 1829 – January 21, 1896) was an attorney, the first chief justice of Kansas and leading free state advocate, Union Army general during the American Civil War, and two-term United States Congressman from Ohio, 1877–1881. He barely lost the 1880 campaign for Ohio Governor.

Ewing was responsible for General Order № 11. The Order was issued in response to William Quantrill's raid on Lawrence, Kansas, where 450 raiders shot and killed 150 men and boys.

Column (periodical)

A column is a recurring article in a newspaper, magazine or other publication. It is where a writer writes their own opinion in few columns given to them by the newspaper organization. Columns are written by columnists.

Advice column

An advice column is a column in a question and answer format. Usually, a reader writes to the media outlet with a problem in the form of a question. The media outlet gives an answer or response. The responses are written by an advice columnist. An advice columnist is someone who gives advice to people who send in problems to the media outlet.

"The Athenian Mercury" had the first known advice column in 1690.

District of Louisiana

The District of Louisiana, or Louisiana District, was an official, temporary, United States government designation for the part of the Louisiana Purchase that had not been organized into the Orleans Territory. It officially existed from March 10, 1804, until July 4, 1805, when it was incorporated as the Louisiana Territory.

On March 3, 1805, Congress passed a bill that organized the District of Louisiana into the Louisiana Territory. It started on July 4, 1805. The territorial government was organized in a way similar to the Indiana Territory.

Concise

Concise is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Corcelles-sur-Chavornay

Corcelles-sur-Chavornay was a municipality of the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017 the municipalities of Corcelles-sur-Chavornay and Essert-Pittet joined to become the municipality of Chavornay.

Essert-Pittet

Essert-Pittet is a former municipality of the district of Jura-Nord vaudois of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017 the former municipalities of Essert-Pittet and Corcelles-sur-Chavornay merged into the municipality of Chavornay.

Cuarny

Cuarny is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Federal Emergency Relief Administration

The Federal Emergency Relief Administration (FERA) was the name given by the Roosevelt Administration to the Emergency Relief Administration (ERA). President Franklin Delano Roosevelt had created it in 1933. FERA was created from the Federal Emergency Relief Act. In 1935, it was replaced by the Works Progress Administration (WPA).

From May 1933 until December 1935, FERA gave states and cities $3.1 billion (the equivalent of $55.4 billion in 2017). FERA provided work for over 20 million people and developed facilities on public lands across the country.


Agricultural Adjustment Act

The Agricultural Adjustment Act (AAA) was a United States federal law of the New Deal era. it was designed to raise agricultural prices by having fewer surpluses. The Government bought livestock to kill, and they paid farmers subsidies not to plant on part of their land. The money for these subsidies was generated through a tax on companies which processed farm products. The Act created a new agency, the Agricultural Adjustment Administration, an agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, to oversee the distribution of the subsidies.


Croy, Switzerland

Croy is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Démoret

Démoret is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Donneloye

Donneloye is a municipality of the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 11 March 2007, the community decided to merge their municipality with those of the neighbouring Gossens and Mézery-près-Donneloye municipalities, with effect from 1 January 2008. On 1 January 2012, the former municipality of Prahins merged into Donneloye.


Black bean

Ebony bean may refer to a number of edible seeds:


Black bean may also refer to:


Jackie Speier

Karen Lorraine Jacqueline "Jackie" Speier (born May 14, 1950) is an American politician. She was a United States Representative for the California 14th congressional district from 2008 to 2023. Speier was born in San Francisco, California.

Speier is a former member of the California State Senate. She was elected to that office on April 8, 2008. She represented parts of San Francisco and San Mateo counties.

Speier was shot five times in 1978 while she worked with Leo Ryan during the Jonestown Massacre. Ryan was killed.

Speier ran in the Democratic primary for the Lieutenant Governor of California against the insurance commissioner John Garamendi. Garamendi won the race, getting 42.5% of the vote. Speier got 39.7% of the vote.

Speier supports abortion, same sex marriage and LGBT rights. She is a member of the United States Democratic Party.

Speier endorsed Hillary Clinton for President of the United States.

Kaskaskia

The Kaskaskia were one of the Native American tribes of the Northeastern Woodlands. They were one of about a dozen cognate tribes that made up the Illiniwek Confederation (also called the Illinois Confederation). They mostly lived in the Great Lakes region. Their first contact with Europeans happened in 1667 near present-day Green Bay, Wisconsin at a Jesuit mission station.

The descendants of the Kaskaskia, along with the Wea and Piankeshaw, are in the Peoria Tribe of Indians of Oklahoma. That means they are a federally recognized tribe in Oklahoma.


Otoe

The Otoe (Chiwere: "Jiwére") are a Native American people of the Midwestern United States. The Otoe language, Chiwere, is part of the Siouan family, and it is related to that of the Iowa and Missouri tribes.

Historically, the Otoe Tribe lived as a semi-nomadic people on the Central Plains along the bank of the Missouri River in Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa and Missouri. They lived in elm-bark houses while they farmed. They used tipis when they traveled, like many other Plains tribes. They often left their villages to hunt buffalo. 

Kickapoo people

The Kickapoo People (Kickapoo: Kiikaapoa or Kiikaapoi) are an Algonquian-speaking Native American and Indigenous Mexican tribe. "Anishinaabeg" say the name "Kickapoo" ("Giiwigaabaw" in the Anishinaabe language and its Kickapoo cognate "Kiwikapawa") means "Stands here and there." This may have referred to the tribe often moving around. The name can also mean "wanderer".

There are three federally recognized Kickapoo tribes in the United States: Kickapoo Tribe of Indians of the Kickapoo Reservation in Kansas, the Kickapoo Tribe of Oklahoma, and the Kickapoo Traditional Tribe of Texas. The Oklahoma and Texas bands are politically linked with each other. The Kickapoo in Kansas came from them being moved from southern Missouri in 1832 as a land exchange from their reservation there. Around 3,000 people are tribal members.


Sauk people

The Sac or Sauk are a group of Native Americans of the Eastern Woodlands culture group. They lived mostly in the region of what is now Green Bay, Wisconsin. This was when they were first met by the French in 1667.

They have three federally recognized tribes, together with the Meskwaki (Fox), in Iowa, Oklahoma and Kansas.


Piankeshaw

The Piankeshaw, Piankashaw or Pianguichia Indigenous Peoples are Native Americans and members of the Miami Indians. They lived away from the rest of the Miami nation, therefore they were known as Peeyankihšiaki ("splitting off" from the others, Sing.: "Peeyankihšia" - "Piankeshaw Person"). They live in an area that now includes western Indiana and Ohio. They are closely allied with the Wea Indians. Piankeshaw villages have been found along the White River in central Indiana, and along the Vermilion River in Illinois, near Ouiatenon. The Piankashaw were living along the Vermilion river in 1743.


Bertha Holt

Berta Marian Holt (February 5, 1904 – July 24, 2000) was the founder of the Holt International Children's Services. She created the organization around 1956.

Bertha Holt was also a nurse. She was known as Grandma Holt.

Holt was born in Des Moines, Iowa. She died after having a stroke at age 96 in Creswell, Oregon.


Ingrid Aune

Ingrid Johansen Aune (Stavanger, October 19, 1985-Namsos, August 1, 2019) was a Norwegian politician and politologist, mayor of the city of Malvik since 2015. She earned a degree in International Relations and Economics from the University of Oslo in 2010, later completing her studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, United States.

She died on August 1, 2019 in a boat accident on the outskirts of Namsos. She was 33 years old.

Martina Gasparovič Bezoušková

Martina Gasparovič Bezoušková (born January 9 1961, Prague) is a Czech theatre and film actress and teacher.

Martina Gasparovič Bezoušková was born in Prague, Malá Strana, into an artistic family of the painter Ema Blažková (1924–2003) and Martin Gasparovič (1923–1989) as one of four children: sister Jana (* 1951), brother Lukáš (* 1953) and brother Marek (* 1954). From pre-school age, she devoted herself to classical ballet in the Ballet Preparatory School of the National Theater, tap dance, and she sang in the Czech Radio Children's Choir. Later she competed in ballroom dancing.

In 1976–1980 she studied dental laboratory at the Secondary Medical School in Prague. Subsequently, she was admitted to the Department of Dramatic Theater of the Theatre Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts (DAMU), where she graduated in 1984.

Since 2014 she has been teaching stage speech at the Theatre Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts. Since 2016, she has been teaching at the Faculty of Arts of Charles University in Prague at „University of the Third Age“ two programs: "Speak or not to speak" and "The road to success is paved with words". In 2018 she commenced her engagement as teacher at the Jan Deyl Conservatory and High School and also at the Prague International Conservatory.

She was featured in theatre and film as "Martina Gasparovičová", "Martina Gasparovičová-Bezoušková" or "Martina Bezoušková".

Her husband was Martin Bezouška (* 1955), a Czech screenwriter. They have four children together: Jan (* 1985), Patrik (* 1993), Anna (* 1996) and Jáchym (* 1998).









Ependes, Vaud

Ependes is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Essert-sous-Champvent

Essert-sous-Champvent was a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the former municipalities of Essert-sous-Champvent and Villars-sous-Champvent became part of the municipality called Champvent.

Orbe

Orbe is a small town in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It was the capital of the former district of Orbe and is now part of the district of Jura-Nord vaudois. The town is on the river of the same name. About 6,000 people live there.

The town has a coffee factory owned by Nestlé, a marionette museum, Roman ruins, and a late-Gothic church.


Fontaines-sur-Grandson

Fontaines-sur-Grandson is a municipality in the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

L'Abergement

L'Abergement is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Grandson, Switzerland

Grandson is a municipality in the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


La Praz

La Praz is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Les Clées

Les Clées is a municipality in the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Impeachment inquiry against Donald Trump

An impeachment inquiry against Donald Trump began on September 24, 2019, when Nancy Pelosi, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, announced in a televised speech the beginning of a formal impeachment inquiry into Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States. 

It began after President Trump and his personal attorney Rudy Giuliani repeatedly wanted the Ukrainian government to investigate Hunter Biden, the son of former vice president and 2020 presidential candidate Joe Biden, in what was seen as an attempt to hurt Biden's candidacy for president and for Trump to gain advantages in the 2020 election.

In July prior to the phone call with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky, Trump stopped military aid to Ukraine; he released the hold in September.

Further revelations have been revealed, including; President Trump claiming to Russian officials in 2017 that he was unconcerned with Russian interference in the 2016 United States presidential election, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo participating in the phone call to the Ukrainian President despite not being present in the released memo from the Trump Administration, as well as President Trump also pressuring Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison in a phone call to investigate the origins of the Mueller Report in an attempt to discredit it. 

On October 28, 2019, Speaker Pelosi announced she would hold a floor vote on a resolution to formally establish the procedures for the impeachment hearings. On October 31, 2019, the House voted 232–196 to create procedures for public hearings.

The inquiry ended on December 3. On December 5, Nancy Pelosi asked the Judiciary Committee to draft articles of impeachment against President Trump. On December 16, the House Judiciary Committee released a report specifying criminal bribery and wire fraud charges as part of the abuse of power charge. The house voted to impeach Trump on December 18, 2019. On February 5, 2020 the Senate acquitted Trump on both count. The votes were 52-48 to acquit on the first count and 53-47 to acquit on the second count.

First impeachment of Donald Trump

The first impeachment of Donald Trump, the 45th President of the United States, began on September 24, 2019, after a whistleblower alleged that Trump had pressured foreign leaders. The scandal was about Trump telling Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate Hunter Biden and his father Joe Biden, a former vice-president and a candidate for the 2020 presidential election. It ended on February 5, 2020.

The inquiry stage of Trump's impeachment lasted from September to November 2019. In October 2019, three Congressional committees (Intelligence, Oversight, and Foreign Affairs) deposed witnesses.

In November 2019, the House Intelligence Committee held a number of public hearings in which witnesses testified publicly. On December 3, the House Intelligence Committee voted 13–9 along party lines to adopt a final report.

A set of impeachment hearings before the Judiciary Committee began on December 4, 2019. On December 13, the House Judiciary Committee voted 23–17 along party lines to recommend two articles of impeachment: abuse of power and obstruction of Congress. The Judiciary Committee also released a report on the articles of impeachment on December 16.

The first hearing, held on December 4, 2019, was an academic discussion on the definition of an impeachable offense. The witnesses invited by Democrats were law professors Noah Feldman from Harvard, Pamela S. Karlan from Stanford, and Michael Gerhardt from the University of North Carolina. Republicans invited Jonathan Turley, a constitutional scholar at George Washington University.

On December 18, the full House approved the articles of impeachment, making Trump the third president in U.S. history to be impeached.

On January 10, 2020, Speaker Nancy Pelosi announced that she had "asked Judiciary Committee Chairman Jerry Nadler to be prepared to bring to the Floor next week a resolution to appoint managers and transmit articles of impeachment to the Senate".

At the end of the January 21 session, the Senate voted along party lines to pass Mitch McConnell's proposed trial rules and reject 11 amendments proposed by Democrats. The prosecution's opening arguments and presentation of evidence took place between January 22–24. Trump's defense presentation began on January 25. The primary arguments were a lack of direct evidence of wrongdoing, and that Democrats were attempting to use the impeachment to steal the 2020 election. Under the U.S. Constitution, a two-thirds majority of the Senate is required to convict the president.

On February 5, 2020 the Senate acquitted Trump on both count. The votes were 52-48 to acquit on the first count and 53-47 to acquit on the second count.


Le Chenit

Le Chenit is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the Vallée de Joux.



Tom Polanic

Thomas Joseph Polanic (April 2, 1943 – September 22, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He was born in Toronto. Polanic played 19 games in the National Hockey League for the Minnesota North Stars between 1965 through 1977. He was born in Toronto.

Polanic died on September 22, 2019 in Toronto at the age of 76.

Robert Hunter (lyricist)

Robert C. Hunter (June 23, 1941 – September 23, 2019) was an American lyricist, singer-songwriter, guitarist, translator, and poet. He was best known for his work with the Grateful Dead.

Over the years Hunter wrote lyrics to a number of the band's signature pieces, including "Dark Star", "Ripple", "Truckin'", "China Cat Sunflower", and "Terrapin Station". Hunter was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with the Grateful Dead in 1994.

Hunter died on September 23, 2019 at his home in San Rafael, California at the age of 78. He was recovering from surgery at the time of his death.


Arroyo Grande, California

Arroyo Grande is a city in San Luis Obispo County, California, United States. The population was 18,441 as of 2020.

Artūras Rimkevičius

Artūras Rimkevičius (14 April 1983 – 23 September 2019) was a Lithuanian footballer. He played as a striker. He was born in Kaunas.

Rimkevičius played for FK Tauras Tauragė, FBK Kaunas, FK Liepājas Metalurgs, FK Silute, FK Šiauliai, FK Bekentas, Atlantis FC. and Asteras Tripoli F.C.. He made his international debut against Latvia in June 2010, scoring three times for his country in seven caps, one against Estonia and two against Armenia.

Rimkevičius shot himself at his Kaunas apartment on 23 September 2019, aged 36.

Arne Weise

Arne Georg Fredrik Weise (28 February 1930 – 25 September 2019) was a Swedish journalist and television personality. He was known as one of SVT's most famous broadcasters. He worked at Sveriges Radio from 1952 and started working for SVT in 1979. He was born in Malmö.

On 25 September 2019, Weise died in his sleep, at the age of 89.

Donald L. Tucker

Donald Legrand Tucker (July 23, 1935 – September 24, 2019) was an American politician. He was born in Tallahassee, Florida. He was a member of the Florida House of Representatives between 1966 through 1978 and between 1975 through 1978, he was Speaker of the House. Tucker was a member of the Democratic Party.

Tucker died on September 24, 2019 at his Tallahassee home of cancer at the age of 84.

Onnens

Onnens is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


T. Terrell Sessums

Thomas Terrell Sessums (June 11, 1930 – June 6, 2020) was an American politician. He was born in Daytona Beach, Florida. Sessums was the Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives from 1972 to 1974. Sessums was a member of the state house from 1963 through 1972. He is a member of the Democratic Party. From 1979 through 1988, he was Chair of the Florida Board of Regents.

Sessums died on June 6, 2020 in Tampa, Florida at the age of 89.


Richard A. Pettigrew

Richard Andrew Pettigrew (born June 10, 1930) is an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Pettigrew was born in Charleston, West Virginia. He was in the Florida House of Representatives for the 97th district from 1963 to 1972. From 1971 to 1972, he was Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives.

Ralph Turlington

Ralph Donald Turlington, Sr. (October 5, 1920 – May 14, 2021) was an American politician. He was born in Gainesville, Florida. Turlington was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the Florida House of Representatives between 1950 through 1975. Between 1967 through 1969, he was the Speaker of the State House.

Turlington died on May 14, 2021 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina at the age of 100.

Fort Larned National Historic Site

Fort Larned National Historic Site is a place that preserves Fort Larned. Fort Larned was a fort that was used from 1859 to 1878. It is about west of Larned, Kansas, United States.

The Camp on Pawnee Fork was built on October 22, 1859. it was created to protect people along the Santa Fe Trail from angry American Indians.





Le Lieu

Le Lieu is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is found in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the Vallée de Joux.


Premier, Switzerland

Premier is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Alfred Pleasonton

Alfred Pleasonton (July 7, 1824 – February 17, 1897) was a United States Army officer and major general of volunteers in the Union cavalry. This was during the American Civil War. He led the Cavalry Corps of the Army of the Potomac during the Gettysburg Campaign. This would also include the biggest cavalry battle of the war, Brandy Station.

Pleasonton was born in Washington, D.C., on July 7, 1824.

Villars-Epeney

Villars-Epeney is a municipality in the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Meskwaki

The Meskwaki (sometimes spelled Mesquaki) are a Native American people. They are often called the Fox tribe. They are related to the Sauk people of the same language family. In the Meskwaki language, the Meskwaki call themselves "". This means "the Red-Earths". This is related to their creation story. Historically they lived in the Great Lakes region. They are part of the Northeast Woodlands. 

Wea

The Wea were a Miami-Illinois-speaking Native American tribe. They were in western Indiana. They were related to the Miami Tribe. The name "Wea" is used today as the a shortened version of their many recorded names. The Wea name for themselves in their own language is "waayaahtanwa". This came from "waayaahtanonki", 'place of the whirlpool', where they were first recorded being seen and where they were living at that time.

Peoria people

The Peoria (or Peouaroua) are a Native American people. They are in the federally recognized Peoria Tribe of Indians of Oklahoma. Historically, they were part of the Illinois Confederation.

Traditionally, the Peoria spoke a dialect of the Miami-Illinois language. The name "Peoria" comes from their autonym (name for themselves) in the Illinois language, "peewaareewa" (modern pronunciation "peewaalia"). It first meant "Comes carrying a pack on his back." No speakers of the Peoria language are alive; However, the Peoria Language (got people again who could speak some of the language, or) was revitalized in August 2022 by a 10-week online course that was made available by the tribe.


Prahins

Prahins was a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The former municipality of Prahins merged on 1 January 2012 into the municipality of Donneloye.

Boone's Lick Road

The Boone's Lick Road or Boonslick Trail was an early 1800s transportation route. It went from eastern to central Missouri in the United States. It went east-west on the North side. It went along the Missouri River. The trail started in the river port of St. Charles. The trail was important in the westward expansion of the United States and the development of Missouri becoming a state. The trail ended at Franklin. Franklin was the start of the better-known Santa Fe Trail. First mapped by the sons of Daniel Boone, the path ended at a salt lick in Howard County used by the pair to manufacture salt. Today the lick is maintained as Boone's Lick State Historic Site. 

Towns created along the trail include Franklin, Smithton, Columbia, Fulton, Williamsburg, and Warrenton and others.


Lignerolle

Lignerolle is a municipality of the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Mathod

Mathod is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois, in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Molondin

Molondin is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Potawatomi

The Pottawatomi , also spelled Pottawatomie and Potawatomi (among many variations), are a Native American people of the Great Plains, upper Mississippi River, and western Great Lakes region. They traditionally speak the Potawatomi language. That language is part of the Algonquian family. The Potawatomi called themselves Neshnabé, a cognate of the word "Anishinaabe". The Potawatomi are part of a long-term friendship, called the Council of Three Fires, with the Ojibwe and Odawa (Ottawa).


Montagny-près-Yverdon

Montagny-près-Yverdon is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Montcherand

Montcherand is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Arapaho

The Arapaho (; , ) are a tribe of Native Americans in the Great Plains. They used to live on the plains of Colorado and Wyoming. They were close friends of the Cheyenne tribe. They were barely friends with the Lakota and Dakota.

Around 3,000 years ago, the ancestors of the Arapaho-speaking people ("Heeteinono'eino") lived in the western Great Lakes region. They lived there along the Red River Valley. This would be in what is present-day Manitoba, Canada and Minnesota, United States. The Arapaho were an agricultural people. They grew crops, including maize. 

The Arapaho language is currently spoken in two different dialects. It is considered to be a part the Algonquian language family. There are only about 250 fluent speakers of Northern Arapaho. Most of them live on the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming. There are even fewer fluent Southern Arapaho speakers. All of them are very old.

Novalles

Novalles is a municipality of the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Fort Wise Treaty

The Treaty of Fort Wise of 1861 was a treaty signed between the United States and six chiefs of the Southern Cheyenne and four of the Southern Arapaho Indian tribes. Many Cheyenne people hated this treaty because only a minority of Cheyenne chiefs had signed. They were also angry because those chiefs signed asking the rest of the tribe what they wanted. Different responses to the treaty were a reason why there was conflict between whites and Indians. This led to the Colorado War of 1864, including the Sand Creek Massacre.

The 1851 Treaty of Fort Laramie between the United States and various tribes including the Cheyenne and Arapaho says that the Cheyenne and Arapaho were supposed to have a very big amount of territory in the area between the North Platte River and Arkansas River and eastward from the Rocky Mountains to western Kansas. This area included present-day southeastern Wyoming, southwestern Nebraska, most of eastern Colorado, and the westernmost parts of Kansas. However, in November 1858, people found gold in the Rocky Mountains in Colorado (then part of the western Kansas Territory). This created a gold rush. A lot of white people went across Cheyenne and Arapaho lands. Colorado territory officials asked federal authorities to change the size of Indians lands in the treaty. In Fall 1860, A.B. Greenwood, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, came to Bent's New Fort along the Arkansas River to make a new treaty.

On February 18, 1861, six chiefs of the Southern Cheyenne and four of the Arapaho signed the Treaty of Fort Wise with the United States. This was at Bent's New Fort at Big Timbers. This was near what is now Lamar, Colorado. Lamar had been recently leased by the U.S. Government, and the name changed to Fort Wise. The Native Americans gave most of the lands given to them by the Fort Laramie treaty to the United States.

Wichita State University football team plane crash

On Friday, October 2, 1970 at 1:14 p.m. MDT in Colorado a chartered Martin 4-0-4 airliner crashed into a mountain eight miles (13 km) west of Silver Plume. It happened in clear weather. The twin-engined propliner carried 37 passengers and a crew of three; 29 were killed at the scene and two later died of their injuries while under medical care. It was operated by Golden Eagle Aviation.

It was one of two aircraft carrying the Wichita State University football team to Logan, Utah. They were going to Utah for a game against Utah State University. The other plane flew a normal route and arrived safely in Utah. Pilot errors, including bad in-flight choices and bad pre-flight planning, were officially reported as what caused the crash.


Wichita State Shockers

The Wichita State Shockers are the athletic teams that represent Wichita State University. They compete in the NCAA Division I. They are members of the American Athletic Conference.

A member of the American Athletic Conference, Wichita State University sponsors teams in seven men's and eight women's NCAA sanctioned sports.

On October 2, 1970, the first plane carrying players and staff of the WSU football team took off from a Colorado airport after refueling. It was supposed to go to Logan, Utah for a game against Utah State University. It flew into a mountain valley too narrow to allow it to turn back. It crashed into a mountainside. This killed 31 of the 40 players, administrators and fans near a ski resort away from Denver. President Richard Nixon sent the president of the university a note which read, "Our thoughts and prayers go out to you in this time of sorrow."

Spiro, Oklahoma

Spiro is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Meridian, Texas

Meridian is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Bosque County.

Cravant

Cravant is the name or part of the name of several communes in France:


Orges, Switzerland

Orges is a municipality of the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Vugelles-La Mothe

Vugelles-La Mothe is a municipality of the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Aliweb

ALIWEB (Archie Like Indexing for the Web) is considered the first search engine, as it was the first that allowed you to search for web pages. It was announced in November 1993. by the website maker Martijn Koster, and shown in May 1994.

Leipziger Messe

The Leipzig Trade Fair is a major trade fair in Germany

Kansas State Wildcats

The Kansas State Wildcats (variously "Kansas State", "K-State", or "KSU") are the athletic teams for Kansas State University. The official color of the teams is Royal Purple. This makes Kansas State one of very few schools (as well as Syracuse and Harvard) that have only one official color; white and silver are generally used as complementary colors.

Kansas State's football team officially started playing in 1896 with a 14–0 loss to Fort Riley on November 28, 1896.

Missouri Tigers football

The Missouri Tigers football program represents the University of Missouri (often referred to as Mizzou) in college football. It competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). Since 2012, Missouri has been a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). It is currently in its Eastern Division. Home games are played at Faurot Field ("The Zou") in Columbia, Missouri.

1911 Kansas vs. Missouri football game

The 1911 Kansas vs. Missouri football game was a college football game between the University of Kansas and the University of Missouri. It was played on November 25, 1911 at Rollins Field in Columbia, Missouri. It is considered to be the first college football homecoming game ever played.

1890 Kansas vs. Baker football game

The 1890 Kansas vs. Baker football game was an American college football game. It was between the team of the University of Kansas and the team of Baker University. It was played on November 22, 1890 in Baldwin City, Kansas. The game ended with Baker winning 22–9. It was the first college football game played in the state of Kansas.

1905 Cooper vs. Fairmount football game

The 1905 Cooper vs. Fairmount football game was a college football game. It was between Cooper College (now the Sterling College) and (now Wichita State University). It was played on October 6, 1905, at Association Field in Wichita. The game was played at night under gas lamps as a demonstration by the Coleman Company. It was the first night football game played west of the Mississippi River. Fairmount won by a score of 24–0.

1939 Nebraska vs. Kansas State football game

The 1939 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the 1939 college football season. The Wildcats finished the season with a 4–5 record with a 1–4 record in conference play. The Wildcats scored 107 points and gave up 108 points.

Kansas State played the Nebraska Cornhuskers on October 28, 1939. This game was the first college football homecoming game ever shown on television. It was also the second ever televised college football game and the first televised game west of New York City.

Kansas State scored first with a field goal. Two minutes later Nebraska took the lead. Nebraska won the game 25–9.

Nebraska entered the game a 12–5 favorite. The matchup was considered to be important to the outcome of the Big Six Conference championship. Nebraska ended the game as one of ten college teams in the nation that were unbeaten up to that point.

Asma al-Assad

Asma Fawaz al-Assad (, ; , : ; born 11 August 1975) is the First Lady of Syria since 2000.

She was born and raised in London to Syrian parents. She is married to the 19th and current President of Syria, Bashar al-Assad.

Black Sunday (storm)

Black Sunday refers to a very bad dust storm that happened on April 14, 1935. The storm happened as part of the Dust Bowl. It was one of the worst dust storms in American history. It caused a lot of economic and agricultural damage. It is estimated to have moved 300 million tons of topsoil from the prairie area in the US.

Jesus water miracle

Jesus water miracle is the so called miracle in which statue of Jesus was weeping at Mumbai. People rushed to collect the 'holy water' and thus, police were called to manage the situation. Later, Indian rationalist, Sanal Edamaruku had proved that the so called holy water was actually weeping due to faulty sewage system.

Sainte-Périne - Rossini - Chardon-Lagache Hospital

The Hôpital Sainte-Périne - Rossini - Chardon-Lagache is a well-known hospital in Paris. It was created in 1807. It is a partner of Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines.


Windshield

The windshield (American English) or windscreen (Commonwealth English) is the front window of a vehicle. It lets drivers see out while at the same time protecting passengers and the driver from weather. Aircraft, cars, buses, motorbikes or trams can all have windshields. 

Windshields on cars and aircraft are designed to protect the vehicle against wind and flying debris (such as dust, rocks, and insects). Windshields on motorbikes are designed to shield the driver from wind, though it doesn't protect as much as other vehicle windshields do.

Modern windshields are generally made of laminated safety glass, a type of treated glass. The laminated safety glass used for vehicles is made of two curved sheets of glass with a plastic layer between them. This laminated safety glass is then joined into the window frame. 

Motorbike windshields are different to the ones found on cars or aircraft. Motorbike windshields are often made of high-impact polycarbonate or acrylic plastic.

Before laminated safety glass, vehicles used ordinary window glass as a windshield. However, ordinary window glass can shatter if the vehicle had a massive physical impact, which would produce flying sharp pieces of glass that can injure people. On 1917, Henry Ford developed the laminated safety glass from the French, which would help prevent broken glass from shattering. Modern windshields were developed from Ford's developments.

Archaic period (North America)

In the classification of the , the Archaic period or "Meso-Indian period" in North America, starts from about 8000 BC, and it ends at about 1000 BC. In the sequence of North American pre-Columbian cultural stages, is a period defined by the "archaic stage" of cultural development. 
The Archaic stage is characterized by subsistence economies. These economies were supported through the use of nuts, seeds, and shellfish. Because it ended when people started using sedentary farming, this date can be different by a lot across the Americas.

The rest of the Americas also have an Archaic Period.

This classification system was first proposed by Gordon Willey and Philip Phillips in the widely accepted 1958 book "Method and Theory in American Archaeology".
In the organization of the system, the Archaic period is after the Lithic stage. The Archaic period is before the Formative stage.


Thatching

Thatching is building a roof with dry vegetation such as straw, reeds, sedge ("Cladium mariscus"), rushes, heather, or palm branches. The vegetation is put on top of each other so as to make sure water stays away from the inner roof.

Thatch can occasionally catch fire. This is one reason for its replacement by slates in modern buildings. Ceramic slates for roofing can be made by industry, and have replaced natural slates in modern housing. Thatched rooves were once a source of fires, but slates are fireproof. That explains the gradual decline in thatched rooves.

Orzens

Orzens is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Provence, Switzerland

Provence is a municipality in Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Rances

Rances is the name of two places in Europe:

Rances, Switzerland

Rances is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Fort Orleans

Fort Orleans (sometimes referred to Fort D'Orleans) was a French fort in colonial North America. It was the first fort on the Missouri River built by any Europeans on the Missouri River. It was built near the mouth of the Grand River near present-day Brunswick. The fort was occupied from 1723 to 1726. It was the first multi-year European settlement in what is today the U.S. state of Missouri.

The fort was built on November 9, 1723. 40 French soldiers were supposed to be there.


Étienne de Veniard, Sieur de Bourgmont

Étienne de Veniard, Sieur de Bourgmont (April 1679 – 1734) was a French explorer. He wrote about his travels on the Missouri and Platte rivers in North America. He made the first European maps of these areas in the early 18th century. He wrote two accounts of his travels, which included descriptions of the Native American tribes he encountered. In 1723, he built Fort Orleans, the first European fort on the Missouri River, near the mouth of the Grand River and present-day Brunswick, Missouri. In 1724, he led an expedition to the Great Plains of Kansas to create trading relations with the Padouca (Apache Indians).


37th parallel north

The 37th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 37 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, the Mediterranean Sea, Africa, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.

At this latitude, the sun can be seen for 14 hours, 42 minutes during the summer solstice and 9 hours, 37 minutes during the winter solstice. This is about the northern limit of the visibility of Canopus, the second-brightest star of the night sky.

Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 37° north passes through:

In the United States, the parallel is the southern borders of Utah, Colorado, and Kansas, and the northern borders of Arizona, New Mexico, and Oklahoma. The border comes from the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854 when Congress divided Indian Territory into Kansas and Nebraska north of the 37th parallel. They gave the rest to the Indian Territory to the south.

Villars-sous-Champvent

Villars-sous-Champvent was a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The former municipalities of Essert-sous-Champvent and Villars-sous-Champvent merged on 1 January 2012 into the municipality of Champvent.

40th parallel north

The 40th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 40 degrees north of the Earth's equatorial plane. It crosses Europe, the Mediterranean Sea, Asia, the Pacific Ocean, North America, and the Atlantic Ocean.

At this latitude, the sun can be seen for 15 hours, 1 minute during the summer solstice and 9 hours, 20 minutes during the winter solstice.

Starting in Spain at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 40° north passes through:

The parallel 40° north forms the boundary between the states of Kansas and Nebraska. On 30 May 1854, the Kansas–Nebraska Act created the Territory of Kansas and the Territory of Nebraska divided by the parallel 40° north.

Sainte-Croix, Switzerland

Sainte-Croix is a municipality in Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Suscévaz

Suscévaz is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Treycovagnes

Treycovagnes is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Tony Xia

Tony Xia () is a Chinese businessman and the former chairman of English football team, Aston Villa F.C.

Ursins

Ursins is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Parallel 36°30′ north

The parallel 36°30′ north is a circle of latitude that is 36 and one-half degrees north of the equator of the Earth. This parallel of latitude is very important in the history of the United States. This is because it was the line of the Missouri Compromise, which was used to divide the slave and free states west of the Mississippi River, with the exception of Missouri, which is mostly north of this parallel.
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards, the parallel 36°30′ north passes through:

Valeyres-sous-Rances

Valeyres-sous-Rances is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Lyle Yost

Lyle E. Yost (March 5, 1913 – April 5, 2012) was an American agriculture equipment manufacturer and inventor.

Yost was the designer and inventor of the 1947 unloading auger, the catalyst for the development of Hesston Manufacturing in Hesston, Kansas. The device was used to unload grain from farm combines. The company's controlling stake was sold to Italian corporation Fiat Trattori in 1977. Fiat Trattori bought the rest of Hesston Manufacturing in 1987. In 1991, a year after being created, AGCO Corporation bought the rights to Hesston Manufacturing.

Yost's success in the agriculture industry led to multiple awards and accolades. This included articles of his success in "Fortune" and "Forbes".


AGCO

AGCO Corporation is an American agricultural equipment manufacturer. Their headquarters are in Duluth, Georgia, United States.

AGCO was created in 1990 when executives at Deutz-Allis bought out Deutz-Allis North American operations from the parent corporation KHD (Klöckner-Humboldt-Deutz). KHD was a German company that owned the Deutz-Fahr brand of agriculture equipment. KHD had bought parts of the Allis-Chalmers agricultural equipment business five years earlier.

In March 1991, AGCO bought the Hesston Corporation.<ref name="AGCO-Jul-1996-S-4/A"></ref> Because of this, they gained hay and forage equipment as well as technologies such as the grain auger (used to unload grain quickly from combines), invented in 1947 by Lyle Yost. Hesston had a 50 percent joint venture with Case International, now a part of CNH Global. AGCO bought the White Tractor line from the Allied Corporation's White-New Idea company. In 1993, AGCO bought the rest of White-New Idea, gaining New Idea hay equipment and manure spreaders, and White planters. White New Idea had a big manufacturing plant in Coldwater, Ohio, USA.

In 2013, AGCO’s GSI acquired Johnson System, a manufacturer of catwalks and towers. 

In 2017, AGCO acquired Precision Planting, LLC, a planting equipment and technology business.


Valeyres-sous-Ursins

Valeyres-sous-Ursins is a municipality in Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Vallorbe

Vallorbe is a municipality in Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Vaulion

Vaulion is a municipality of the district Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Vuiteboeuf

Vuiteboeuf is a municipality in Jura-Nord vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Yvonand

Yvonand is a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Cheseaux-sur-Lausanne

Cheseaux-sur-Lausanne is a municipality in Lausanne in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is a suburb of Lausanne.


Epalinges

Epalinges is a municipality of the district of Lausanne in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

It is a suburb of the city of Lausanne.


Jouxtens-Mézery

Jouxtens-Mézery is a municipality in Lausanne in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

It is a suburb of the city of Lausanne.


Le Mont-sur-Lausanne

Le Mont-sur-Lausanne is a municipality in Lausanne in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

It is a suburb of the city of Lausanne.


Romanel-sur-Lausanne

Romanel-sur-Lausanne is a municipality of the district Lausanne in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

It is a suburb of the city of Lausanne.


1951 Central Missouri State vs. Southwestern football game

The 1951 Central Missouri State vs. Southwestern football game was a college football game between the Central Missouri State Mules and the Southwestern Moundbuilders. It was played on September 14, 1951. The game was played at Sonner Stadium in Winfield, Kansas. The game is known for a team rejecting a touchdown awarded by the game officials.

Central Missouri's head coach Tate C. Page called it "the finest act of sportsmanship" that he ever saw. In the third quarter, Southwestern halfback Arthur Johnson completed a long run down the sidelines nearest Southwestern's bench. The referee signaled a touchdown. The crowd of 2,000 cheered.

Southwestern's head coach Harold Hunt ran out on the field to shout, "Southwestern rejects the touchdown!" He then told the officials that Johnson had stepped out of bounds. This would undo the touchdown. None of the referees had seen this happen, but they agreed to undo the touchdown. They put the ball back to the place where Coach Hunt said Johnson had stepped out. A photo of the run later showed Coach Hunt was correct. It was published in the Winfield Daily Courier.

Referee W. P. Astle noted that there had been only three officials at the game instead of the regulation four. He later said, "If the fourth official had been present to cover what was impossible for me to cover ... I would never have discovered the ‘biggest’ man I ever met."

Southwestern's Coach Hunt was nominated for "Football's Man of the Year" by This Week magazine. This was because he showed so much sportsmanship.

Southwestern Moundbuilders

The Southwestern Moundbuilders are the athletic teams that represent Southwestern College in Winfield, Kansas. They are part of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA). They compete in the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference (KCAC).

The school boasts the following accomplishments:

1905 Washburn vs. Fairmount football game

The 1905 Washburn vs. Fairmount football game was a college football game between Fairmount College (now called Wichita State University) and the Washburn Ichabods. It was played on December 25, 1905, in Wichita, Kansas. It was the first experiment with the forward pass. It was also the first experiment with the ten-yard requirement for first downs. It is unclear if the game was considered "regular season", "post season", or "exhibition" in classification.

Fairmount college was coached by Willis Bates. The head coach for Washburn that season was John H. Outland. However, since he was officiating, it is likely that the coaching job was given to assistant coach (and next year's head coach) Garfield Weede. The game ended in a 0–0 tie.

The weather for the game were good, but neither side was able to get close to the other team's goal except by a punt. Only seven first downs were made the entire game—four by Washburn and three by Fairmount. Most of the game was played in the middle of the field. The fans were upset.

Both teams had played a previous game that same season. What made this second game different was that it was a test of a different way to play. During the game, each team's offense was required to gain ten yards in three downs instead of four to earn a new first down.

The experiment was considered a failure. Football legend John H. Outland officiated the game and said, "It seems to me that the distance required in three downs would almost eliminate touchdowns, except through fakes or flukes." The "Los Angeles Times" said that there was much kicking and that the game was considered much safer than regular play, but that the new rule was not "conducive to the sport."

Three days later, 62 schools met in New York City to discuss rule changes to make the game safer. As a result of that meeting, the Intercollegiate Athletic Association of the United States, later named the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), was created. Several other rule changes were made to make the game safer for players, including the addition of the forward pass.

In his history of the sport of football, David M. Nelson said that "the first forward passes were thrown at the end of the 1905 season in a game between Fairmount and Washburn colleges in Kansas." Nelson says that Washburn did three passes, and Fairmount did two. Credit for the first pass goes to Fairmount's Bill Davis, who did a pass to Art Solter.

Harold Hunt (coach)

Harold Seymore Hunt (December 12, 1907 – November 1, 1992) was an American football and basketball coach. He got nationwide exposure as an example of sportsmanship when he rejected a touchdown that would have won a game for his team.

Hunt was the 13th head football coach for the Southwestern College in Winfield, Kansas. He was coach for three seasons, from 1949 to 1951, and compiled a record of 6–18–3


Washburn Ichabods

The Washburn Ichabods are the athletic teams that represent Washburn University in Topeka, Kansas. They are named after Ichabod Washburn. The Ichabods are a member of the NCAA Division II and the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association.

Independence Producers

The Independence Producers were a minor league baseball team based in Independence, Kansas, United States. They played from 1921 to 1925 and from 1928 to 1932. From 1921 to 1924, they played in the Southwestern League, and in 1925 they played in the Western Association. They played in the Western Association from 1928 to 1932 as well. The 1921 Producers were recognized as one of the 100 greatest minor league teams of all time. Perhaps their most notable alumnus was Cy Blanton. Glenn Wright, another notable Producer, made an unassisted triple play when playing Major League Baseball in 1925.

A historical marker says that the first night game in organized baseball was played in Independence on April 28, 1930, between the Independence Producers and the Muskogee Chiefs.

Sterling Warriors

The Sterling Warriors are the athletic teams that represent Sterling College in Sterling, Kansas. They are part of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA). They compete in the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference (KCAC).

Football at Sterling finished the 2009 season with a fourth-place finish in the conference. They had a 6–4 record. Chuck Lambert is the program's current head coach, succeeding his brother Andy, the new coach at Southern Nazarene, Okla. Notable former athletes include actor Clarence Gilyard.

During the 1905 season, the Coleman Company set up temporary gas-powered lighting for a night game against Fairmount College (now called Wichita State University). It was the first night football game played west of the Mississippi River. Fairmount won the game 24–0.

AGA cooker

The AGA cooker is a heat storage stove and cooker. The heavy frame is made of cast iron and absorbs heat from a low-intensity source. Originally, AGAs burnt coke or anthracite. Later versions used gas as the heat source.

The heat is used for cooking. It was invented and initially produced in Sweden. From 1957 all production has been in the United Kingdom.

The cast-iron parts were cast at the Coalbrookdale foundry in the 1940s. They were still made there by the Aga Rangemaster Group until November 2017 when the company closed the site.

Owners often talk about how the AGA actually makes their homes more energy efficient. The AGA does a number of jobs: it replaces several radiators, a tumble dryer, electric kettle and toaster. It is not just a cooker.

The company which makes AGAs also makes other stoves, such as the Rayburn range. It is the Aga Rangemaster Group, which was taken over by the US company Middleton Corporation in 2015.


El Quartelejo Ruins

El Quartelejo, or El Cuartelejo (from Spanish "cuartelejo", meaning "far quarter or district"), is the name given to the archeological ruins of the northernmost Indian pueblo. It is the only known pueblo in Kansas. It is in Lake Scott State Park. The ruins of the stone and adobe pueblo are north of Scott City, Kansas, on Ladder Creek.


United States House Committee on Territories

The United States House Committee on Territories was a committee of the United States House of Representatives from 1825 to 1946 (19th to 79th Congresses). Its job was to report on a variety to topics related to the territories. This would include legislation about them, and their admission as new states.

Gossens

Gossens was a municipality in Yverdon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It became part of neighbouring Donneloye on 1 January 2008.

It is on the main road between Yverdon and Moudon. The economy is mostly agricultural.

Mézery-près-Donneloye

Mézery-près-Donneloye was a municipality in Yverdon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2008, it joined together with Donneloye and Gossens to become one municipality called Donneloye.

Berlin Tegel Airport

Berlin Tegel Airport () was the main international airport of Berlin, the capital of Germany. It formerly served West Berlin. The airport had the IATA Airport Code TXL. It was referred to as the "Frequent Flyer Airport".

The airport was named after Otto Lilienthal and was the fourth busiest airport in Germany, with 20.5 million passengers in 2017 and about 22 million in 2018. The airport was a hub for Eurowings as well as a base for EasyJet. It is in Tegel, a part of the northern borough of Reinickendorf, northwest of the city centre of Berlin.

The airport had its last flight on 8 November 2020. Traffic was redirected to the new Berlin Brandenburg Airport until this date. Tegel was decomissioned on 4 May 2021.

Thierrens

Thierrens was a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Chanéaz, Chapelle-sur-Moudon, Correvon, Denezy, Martherenges, Neyruz-sur-Moudon, Peyres-Possens, Saint-Cierges and Thierrens joined together to become one new municipality called Montanaire.

Montilliez

Montilliez is a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Dommartin, Naz, Poliez-le-Grand and Sugnens joined together to become one new municipality called Montilliez.


William Levada

William Joseph Levada (June 15, 1936 – September 26, 2019) was an American cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. 

From May 2005 until June 2012, he was Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith under Pope Benedict XVI. He was the Archbishop of Portland (Oregon) from 1986 to 1995, and then Archbishop of San Francisco from 1995 to 2005. 

Levada died on September 26, 2019, in Rome at the age of 83.

Vytautas Briedis

Julius Vytautas Briedis (27 August 1940 – 22 September 2019) was a Lithuanian rower. He finished fifth and third at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.

Briedis died on 22 September 2019 in Vilnius.

Topeka Constitution

The Topeka Constitutional Convention met from October 23 to Nov 11, 1855 in Topeka, Kansas Territory at Constitution Hall. It wrote the Topeka Constitution that would have made slavery in Kansas illegal. The convention was organized by Free-Staters to go against the pro-slavery Territorial legislature elected March 5, 1855. The territorial legislature was elected in polling that had a lot of electoral fraud and the intimidation of free state settlers.

The Topeka Constitution was the first effort to create a Kansas governmental structure and write its basis in law. Free-State people passed the constitution on December 15, 1855. The constitution was sent to Washington. They really wanted the U.S. Congress to pass it. President Pierce hated the document. It was presented in the Senate by Senator Lewis Cass of Michigan and in the House by Representative Daniel of Indiana. It passed the House by two votes on July 2. However, it was held in committee by the Senate. On July 8, Senator Stephen A. Douglas took up the Topeka Constitution in a bill counter to Senator Cass. Cass sent the issue back to the people of Kansas to follow the Kansas-Nebraska Act.



Leavenworth Constitution

The Leavenworth Constitution was one of four Kansas state constitutions written during the era of Bleeding Kansas. The Leavenworth Constitution was written by a convention of Free-Staters. It was the most progressive of the four proposed constitutions. Important parts of this Constitution were a Bill of Rights that referred to ""all men"" (making no distinction between the rights of white men and black men), making slavery in the state illegal, and a basic framework for the rights of women.

The constitutional convention that wrote the Leavenworth Constitution was provided for by an act of the Territorial Legislature passed in February 1858, while the Lecompton Constitution was being debated in Congress. The constitution was adopted by the convention at Leavenworth April 3, 1858. It was also chosen by the people at an election on May 18, 1858.

The Leavenworth Constitution did not have a big impact on the history of Kansas since the US Senate did not approve of the laws in the document. The other proposed state constitutions were the Topeka Constitution (1855), the Lecompton Constitution (1857) and the Wyandotte Constitution (1859).




Rachel Bloom

Rachel Leah Bloom (born April 3, 1987) is an American comedian, writer, actress and singer-songwriter. She played the lead role of Rebecca Bunch in the CW comedy-drama series "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend". For this, she won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress-Television Series Musical or Comedy. For that same act, she also won a Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actress in a Comedy Series.

In May 2013, Bloom released her first musical comedy album "Please Love Me".

Bloom was born in Los Angeles.

Mid-Continent oil province

The Mid-continent oil field is a big area that has hundreds of oil fields in Arkansas, Kansas, Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas. The area, which has various geological strata and diverse trap types, was discovered and used during the first half of the 20th century. Most of the crude oil found in the onshore mid-continent oil field is the mixed base or intermediate type (a mix of paraffin base and asphalt base crude oil types).


Bud Fowler

John W. "Bud" Fowler (March 16, 1858 – February 26, 1913) was an African-American baseball player, manager, and club organizer. He is the earliest known African-American player in organized professional baseball; that is, the major leagues and minor leagues.

The son of a fugitive hop-picker and barber, Bud Fowler was christened John W. Jackson.

Fowler first played for an all-white professional team based out of New Castle, Pennsylvania in 1872. He was 14 years old. He is documented as playing for another professional team on July 21, 1877. He was 19. On April 24, 1878, he pitched a game for the Picked Nine, who defeated the Boston Red Caps, champions of the National League in 1877. He pitched some more for the Chelsea team, then finished that season with the Worcester club.

Baseball color line

The color line, also known as the color barrier, in American baseball stopped players of black African descent from playing Major League Baseball and its affiliated Minor Leagues until 1947 (with a few notable exceptions in the 19th century before the line was firmly established). Racial segregation in professional baseball was sometimes called a gentlemen's agreement. This means an understanding, as there was no written policy at the highest level of organized baseball, the major leagues. There was minor league's vote in 1887 against allowing new contracts with black players within its league. It sent a powerful message that eventually led to blacks not being allowed to play at all.

African Americans created the Negro leagues starting in 1887. In these leagues, African American baseball teams played against each other. 

The color line was broken for good when Jackie Robinson signed with the Brooklyn Dodgers organization for the 1946 season.

The beginning of segregation followed the baseball season of 1867. On October 16, the Pennsylvania State Convention of Baseball in Harrisburg denied admission to the "colored" Pythian Baseball Club.


Leavenworth Soldiers

The Leavenworth Soldiers was the first professional baseball team from Leavenworth, Kansas. The club played in the Western League from 1886 to 1888. Their first year, they tied the Lincoln Tree Planters for last place at 31-49. In 1887, the Soldiers were 27-27 when they disbanded on July 8 due to poor attendance. In 1888, Leavenworth returned to the loop and went 7-7 under L. M. Cretors. They were in second place when the league stopped operations on June 21. A J. Curran was leading the club in batting average at .300.


Western League (1885–1899)

The Western League of Professional Baseball Clubs, also called the Western League, was a minor league baseball league. It created on February 11, 1885. It focused on the Midwestern United States.

Before its most famous version in November 1893, the Western League existed in various forms. The League was created as a minor league on February 11, 1885. The original clubs were in Indianapolis‚ Kansas City‚ Cleveland‚ Milwaukee‚ Toledo and Omaha/Keokuk, Iowa.

Barn raising

A barn raising, also historically called a raising bee or rearing in the U.K., is a collective action of a community, in which a barn for one of the members is built or rebuilt by members of the community. Barn raising was common in 18th- and 19th-century rural North America. A barn was a necessary building for any farmer. Yet a barn was also a big and expensive building. Building a farm needed many people than a typical family could provide. Barn raising addressed the need by getting members of the community, unpaid, to help in the building of their neighbors' barns. Because each member was entitled to recruit others for help, the favor would eventually return to each participant.

One or more people with experience or with specific skills are chosen to lead the project. Young people helping for the first time have watched many barn raisings and know what is expected of them.

Greensburg, Kansas

Greensburg is a city in, Kiowa County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Kiowa County. In 2020, 740 people lived there.

In the evening of May 4, 2007, Greensburg was hit by an EF5 tornado that traveled quickly through the area. It destroyed at least 95 percent of the city. It killed eleven people between the ages of 46 and 84.

Greensburg today is a model "green town". It is often described as the greenest in America. The hospital, city hall, and school have all been built to the highest certification level issued by Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED). Greensburg is also home to the world's largest hand-dug well.

At 9:45 p.m. CDT on May 4, 2007, during a deadly tornado outbreak, Greensburg was hit by an EF5 tornado. The tornado was estimated to be in width — wider than the city itself — and traveled for nearly . Tornado sirens sounded in the city twenty minutes before the tornado struck, and a tornado emergency was issued, which undoubtedly saved many lives.

Kansas Governor Kathleen Sebelius and President George W. Bush both declared Kiowa County a disaster area, which opened up the affected areas for national and international aid. The tornado killed 10 people in Greensburg and two more in neighboring towns.

Greensburg is at (37.604875, -99.289569). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 740 people, 329 households, and 176 families living in Greensburg. Of the households, 60.5% owned their home and 39.5% rented their home.

The median age was 44.4 years. Of the people, 88.6% were White, 2.3% were Black, 1.8% were Asian, 0.5% were Pacific Islanders, 0.3% were Native American, 0.4% were from some other race, and 6.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 777 people, 355 households, and 212 families living in Greensburg.

Greensburg is served by USD 422 Kiowa County Schools. The Kiowa County High School mascot is Mavericks.

Official sites

2007 tornado

Other sites

Coronado, Kansas

Coronado was an unincorporated community in Wichita County, Kansas, United States. It was platted in 1885. Coronado was involved in the bloodiest county seat fight in the history of the American West. The shoot-out on February 27, 1887, with boosters—some would say hired gunmen—from nearby Leoti left several people dead and wounded.

Coronado had a post office from 1886 until 1899.


County seat war

A county seat war is an American phenomenon that happened mostly in the Old West as it was being settled. Although, there were similar events elsewhere, such as in southeastern Ohio. As new towns were created and county lines were drawn, there was intense competition for the status and tax benefits received by becoming a county seat. These "wars" often involved nothing more than lining up at the ballot box. However, sometimes people from a particular town would use voter fraud, intimidation or violence. 


Transcontinental railroad

A transcontinental railroad is a network of railroad trackage that crosses a continental land mass. It must be continuous. It has terminals at different oceans or continental borders. Such networks can be via the tracks of either a single railroad, or over those owned or controlled by multiple railway companies along a continuous route.


Pacific Railroad Acts

The Pacific Railroad Acts of 1862 were a series of acts of Congress that supported the construction of a "transcontinental railroad" (the Pacific Railroad) in the United States. This happened through authorizing issuing government bonds and the grants of land to railroad companies. The War Department under then-Secretary of War Jefferson Davis was authorized by the Congress in 1853 to do surveys of five different potential transcontinental routes from the Mississippi. These surveys ranging from north to south and submitted a massive twelve volume report to Congress with the results in early 1855. However, no route or bill could be agreed upon and passed authorizing the Government's financial support and land grants. This change when the secession of the southern states in 1861 ended their opposition to a central route. The Pacific Railroad Act of 1862 () was the original act. Some of its provisions were changed, expanded, or repealed by four more amending Acts: The Pacific Railroad Act of 1863 (), Pacific Railroad Act of 1864 (), Pacific Railroad Act of 1865 (), and Pacific Railroad Act of 1866 ().

The Pacific Railroad Act of 1862 started federal government land grants directly to corporations; before that act, the land grants were made to the states, for the benefit of corporations.

Pee Wee Gaskins

Donald Henry "Pee Wee" Gaskins Jr. (March 13, 1933 – September 6, 1991) was an American serial killer. He was executed by electrocution by South Carolina in 1991.

Gaskins was born in South Carolina, the last in a string of illegitimate children. Due to his smallness, he was nicknamed "Pee Wee". His youth was characterized by considerable neglect; for instance, when he was one year old, he drank a bottle of kerosene. He grew to 5 foot 2 inch and 130 pounds.

Gaskins' serial crime began before the concept was even realized, as a juvenile, which included along with a group of other youths: robberies, assaults and a gang rape. In prison, he was regularly raped. He escaped from prison in 1955 by sitting in the back of a garbage truck and fled to Florida; he was re-arrested, remanded and paroled in August 1961.

During the late 1960s and early 1970s, Gaskins murdered several teenaged girls and young women. He was later found guilty of eight counts of murder and sentenced to death by South Carolina. While on death row, Gaskins murdered a fellow death row inmate, earning him the title "Meanest Man in America". Gaskins was put to death in the electric chair by South Carolina on September 6, 1991.


Harvey Glatman

Harvey Murray Glatman (December 10, 1927 – September 18, 1959) was an American serial killer active during the late 1950s. He was known in the media as "The Lonely Hearts Killer" and "The Glamour Girl Slayer". He would use several pseudonyms, posing as a professional photographer to lure his victims with the promise of a modelling career.

Glatman was later found guilty of two counts of first-degree murder by California and sentenced to death, a sentence that he accepted willingly. He specifically asked the warden to do nothing to save his life. He was executed in the gas chamber of San Quentin State Prison on September 18, 1959.


Fuzhou dialect

The Fuzhou dialect (, FR: ), also Foochow, Hokchew, Hok-chiu, or Fuzhounese, is the prestige variety of the Eastern Min branch of Min Chinese spoken mainly in the Mindong region of Eastern Fujian Province.

Fuzhou dialect is also a dialect of Mindong. Unlike Minnan dialect, Fuzhou dialects say that there are fewer people. This is mainly because the social development model of Fuzhou and Minnan is different. Therefore, the two languages spread differently. The eastern part of the country is dominated by agriculture, while southern Fujian has a large number of fisheries.

Fuzhou dialect is popular in the seven counties of Fuzhou in the eastern part of Fujian, Ningde City and Nanping City, as well as Taiwan, Indonesia, Thailand, Brunei, Singapore. In addition, Fuzhou dialect is also popular in many Chinese communities in North America, South America, Europe, and Australia.

Fuzhou dialect is derived from ancient Chinese and medieval Chinese. Due to the large-scale immigration of Han, Jin and Tang Dynasty, these ancient languages merged into the current Fuzhou dialect. Fuzhou dialect has experienced slow and obvious changes in pronunciation and vocabulary in the last 200 years.

In ancient times, Yue people lived along the banks of the Li River. Since the kingdom of Chu destroyed the country, the descendants of the king led some of the subjects to migrate to Fujian and merged with the Yue people into the Yue ethnic group. In 110 BC, the Yue dynasty against Han and was settled by Emperor Wu of Han Dynasty, after which most of the Yue people were moved to the Jianghuai area. During the Western Han Dynasty, the Central Plains Han people entered the shackles for the first time, and merged with the Yue and Yue people. Fuzhou dialect was integrated into the Central Plains dialect.

During the Jin Dynasty, the Central Plains people entered the country for the second time. The Han people and the Yue people further merged. The Han people became the main residents of Fuzhou, and the Central Plains dialect was once again integrated into the Fuzhou dialect.

At the end of the Tang Dynasty, the Han people of the Central Plains entered the country for the third time. Wang tried to establish the Shu Kingdom and strengthened the integration of the Central Plains dialect and the Gan dialect. Fuzhou dialect was basically formed in the Tang Dynasty and is gradually developing.

The Mandarin language movement in recent decades has led to fewer and fewer people in Fuzhou. Recently, the government and civil society have realized this problem and have taken many measures to promote it. According to statistics, half of Fuzhou young people now speak Fuzhou dialect.

The first book on the pronunciation of Fuzhou is the 'Yulin Sounds', which was published in the 17th century and provides a standard for Fuzhou dialect.

In the 19th and 20th centuries, Western scholars studied Fuzhou dialect, compiled a dictionary, and translated the Bible into Fuzhou dialect. Japanese scholars published a series of books on Fuzhou dialect in the 1940s. The efforts of Western scholars have developed the use of the Latin alphabet to write Fuzhou dialect, which was standardized in 1890. This set of standards is mainly used in churches.


Tony Costa

Antone Charles "Tony" Costa (August 2, 1944 – May 12, 1974) was an American carpenter who achieved notoriety for committing serial murders in and around the town of Truro, Massachusetts in 1969. Costa preyed on either teenaged girls or young women, although it is unclear which, which resulted in the victims' deaths. Costa would then remove the corpses' hearts and dismember the corpses. Costa was convicted of two of the murders and sentenced to life imprisonment by Massachusetts. Four years into his imprisonment, Costa hanged himself in his prison cell.

Tomiris (movie)

Tomiris is a commercial movie about Queen Tomiris. This historical drama is about the ruler of the Massagetae in the sixth century B.C.

The movie was released in September 2019. Its plot is based on material from Herodotus as told through Al-Farabi. It tells how Tomiris led her nomadic people to victory over Cyrus the Great of the Achaemenid Empire when he invaded her land.

The movie's director was Akan Satayev. "The historical drama was filmed based on order of the Kazakh Ministry of Culture and Sports." The producer was Aliya Nazarbayeva. The movie was made by the Kazakhfilm Film Studio with participation of Sataifilm. The movie's director of props was Kuat Tleubaev. It cost 2.259 billion tenge (about 6,500,000 US$) to make. It was filmed in Kazakhstan.

Running time is 155 minutes.

According to the "Astana Times" online, the movie "earned 480 million tenge (US$1.2 million) by the end of October and was screened more than 800 times throughout Kazakhstan." 

"Tomiris" was one of three Kazakhstani movies in the Golden Globes long list of candidates for the Foreign Language Film category.

At France’s 26th L’Étrange Festival, 20202, it won the Nouveau Genre Great Prize in the International Feature Film Competition.

The movie was scheduled to be released in Turkey in April 2020.

The narrative is in Russian with Kazakh subtitles. The characters speak in ancient Turkic and Persian languages.



Victor Licata

Victor Licata (c. 1912 – December 4, 1950) was an American murderer who killed most of his family with an axe. On October 16, 1933 in Ybor City, Tampa, Florida, Licata used an axe to murder his parents, two brothers, and a sister while they were asleep. All died from blows to the head. The killings, which were reported by the media as the work of an "axe-murdering marijuana addict", were used as prima facie evidence that there was a link between recreational drugs, such as cannabis, and crime. This led to the killings being used in 1930s anti-drug campaigns against marijuana. At trial, Licata was found criminally insane and committed to an insane asylum, where he later hanged himself in 1950.

James S. Gracey

James Steele Gracey (born August 24, 1927) is a former United States Coast Guard admiral. He was the 17th Commandant of the United States Coast Guard from 1982 to 1986. He was born in Newton, Massachusetts. He was active during the Korean War and the Vietnamese War.

Paul A. Yost Jr.

Paul Alexander Yost Jr. (born January 3, 1929) is a retired United States Coast Guard admiral. He was the 18th Commandant of the United States Coast Guard from 1986 to 1990.

James Loy

James Milton Loy (born August 10, 1942) is a retired United States Coast Guard admiral. He was Acting United States Secretary of Homeland Security in 2005 and U.S. Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security (DHS) from December 4, 2003, to March 1, 2005. 

He was the second administrator of the Transportation Security Administration from 2002 to 2003, and before that as the Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard from 1998 to 2002.

Joseph P. Hoar

General Joseph P. Hoar (born December 30, 1934) is a retired U.S. Marine Corps officer. He was Commander in Chief of United States Central Command. He retired from the Corps on September 1, 1994.

Joseph J. Went

Joseph J. Went (born September 16, 1930) is a retired United States Marine Corps four-star general. His final job was as Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps and Chief of Staff. He retired in 1990 after 38 years of service.

New Milford, Connecticut

New Milford is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. It is the largest town in the state in terms of land area at nearly . The population was 28,115 according to the 2020 Census.

Thomas R. Morgan

General Thomas R. Morgan (born January 6, 1930) is a retired American military personnel. He was the Assistant Commandant of the United States Marine Corps from June 1986 until he retired on July 1, 1988 after completion of more than 36 years of active service.

General Morgan's personal awards and decorations include: 

George B. Crist

George B. Crist (born January 23, 1931) is a retired four-star general of the United States Marine Corps. He was the first Marine to be promoted as a Unified Commander — serving as Commander in Chief, United States Central Command from 1985 to 1988.

His military decorations include: 

John K. Davis

John Kerry Davis (March 14, 1927 – July 31, 2019), also known as J.K. Davis, was a United States Marine Corps four-star general. Davis, a Vietnam War veteran, was the Commanding General of the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing (1977–1978) and the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing (1978-1978). He died from cancer on July 31, 2019, at the age of 92.

His final job was as the Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps from July 1, 1983 to June 1, 1986.

Paul X. Kelley

Paul Xavier Kelley (November 11, 1928 – December 29, 2019) was a United States Marine Corps general. He was the 28th Commandant of the United States Marine Corps from July 1, 1983, to June 30, 1987.

In February 1980, Kelley was promoted to lieutenant general and named as the first Commander of the Rapid Deployment Joint Task Force.

Kelley died on December 29, 2019 at a care facility in McLean, Virginia from Alzheimer's disease-related problems at the age of 91.

John W. Foss

John William Foss (February 13, 1933 – April 25, 2020) was a retired United States Army four-star general. He was a commander of the United States Army Training and Doctrine Command.

Foss died on April 25, 2020 at the age of 87.


Hutchinson, Minnesota

Hutchinson is the largest city in McLeod County, Minnesota, United States, and is located along the South Fork of the Crow River. The population was 14,599 at the 2020 census.

Arthur E. Brown Jr.

Arthur Edmon Brown Jr. (born November 21, 1929) is an American military personnel. He was a United States Army four-star general who was Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Army (VCSA) from 1987 to 1989.


Frederick F. Woerner Jr.

Frederick F. Woerner Jr. (August 12, 1933 – March 29, 2023) was a four-star general of the United States Army. He was Commander-in-Chief of United States Southern Command, former Chairman of the American Battle Monuments Commission, and Professor Emeritus of Boston University. He died on March 29, 2023.

Louis C. Wagner Jr.

General Louis Carson Wagner Jr. (born January 24, 1932) is a retired United States Army four-star general. He was Commanding General, United States Army Materiel Command (CG AMC) from 1987 to 1989.



James J. Lindsay

James Joseph Lindsay (October 10, 1932 – August 5, 2023) was a United States Army four-star general. He was the first commander of the United States Special Operations Command.

Lindsay died on August 5, 2023 in Vass, North Carolina at the age of 90.

Carl E. Vuono

Carl Edward Vuono (born October 18, 1934) is a retired United States Army general. He was the Chief of Staff of the United States Army from 1987 to 1991.


Monongahela, Pennsylvania

Monongahela is a city in Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the Pittsburgh, PA Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is south of Pittsburgh. The population was 4,159 at the 2020 census.

William D. Smith

William Dee Smith (born February 9, 1933) is a retired United States Navy four star admiral. He was United States Military Representative, NATO Military Committee (USMILREP) between 1991 & 1993. Smith retired in 1993.

Carlisle Trost

Carlisle Albert Herman Trost (April 24, 1930 – September 29, 2020) was a United States Navy officer. He was the 23rd Chief of Naval Operations (CNO) and a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff from 1 July 1986 to 29 June 1990. He retired from active naval service on 1 July 1990, following completion of a four-year term as CNO.

Valmeyer, Illinois

Valmeyer is a village in Monroe County in the U.S. state of Illinois, on the Mississippi River. The population was 1,233 at the 2020 census.

James B. Busey IV

Admiral James Buchanan Busey IV (born October 7, 1932) is a retired United States Navy four star admiral. He was Vice Chief of Naval Operations, from 1985 to 1987 and as Commander in Chief, U.S. Naval Forces Europe/Commander in Chief, Allied Forces Southern Europe from 1987 to 1989.

Sylvester R. Foley Jr.

Sylvester Robert "Bob" Foley Jr. (born September 19, 1928) is a retired four star admiral in the United States Navy. He was Commander in Chief Pacific from 1982 to 1985. He was born in Manchester, New Hampshire.

Thomas B. Hayward

Admiral Thomas Bibb Hayward (May 3, 1924 – March 3, 2022) was Chief of Naval Operations for the United States Navy from July 1, 1978, until June 30, 1982, after which he retired from military service. 

Hayward endorsed the re-election campaign of Donald Trump in 2020 and said that the United States was becoming a socialist-Marxist tyrannical government.

Hayward died on March 3, 2022 at the age of 97.

Harry D. Train II

Harry Depue Train II (born November 5, 1927) is a retired United States Navy admiral and a Senior Fellow at the Joint Advanced Warfighting School at the Joint Forces Staff College in Norfolk, Virginia.


Ronald J. Hays

Ronald Jackson Hays (born August 19, 1928) is a retired United States Navy four star admiral. He was Vice Chief of Naval Operations (VCNO) from 1983 to 1985; and as Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Command (USCINCPAC) from 1985 to 1988.

Urania, Louisiana

Urania is a small town in La Salle Parish, Louisiana United States. The population was 698 at the 2020 census. "Urania" is taken from the Greek muse of astronomy. Hardtner served in both houses of the Louisiana State Legislature from La Salle Parish as well as long service on the La Salle Parish Police Jury.

List of mayors of Paris

The Mayor of Paris () is the chief executive of Paris, the capital and largest city in France. The Mayor is responsible for the administration and management of the city, adds proposals and recommendations to the Paris City Council, is active in the enforcement of the city’s laws.

Notes
<nowiki>†</nowiki> "Died in office"


Adolphe Thiers

Marie Joseph Louis Adolphe Thiers ( , ; 15 April 17973 September 1877) was a French politician and historian. He was the second elected President of France, and the first President of the French Third Republic.


Halsey (singer)

Ashley Nicolette Frangipane ( ; born September 29, 1994), known by her professional name Halsey ( ), is an American singer.

Ashley Nicolette Frangipane was born in Edison, New Jersey. Her mother is of Italian and Hungarian descent, while her father is mostly African American with some distant Irish ancestry. She has two younger brothers.

Halsey was signed by Astralwerks in 2014. She released her first EP, "Room 93", later that year. In 2015, she released her album "Badlands", which went to number two on the "Billboard" 200 chart. She released "Hopeless Fountain Kingdom" in 2017, which reached number one.

Halsey was featured on the Chainsmokers' 2016 single "Closer", which entered at the top of the charts in several countries worldwide. She released "Without Me" in October 2018 as the lead single from her studio album, "Manic" (2020). "Without Me" became her second US number one hit after "Closer". "Manic" went to number two in the US.

In December 2020, she revealed the use of "she/they" pronouns in her Instagram bio. She released a makeup line, About-Face, in January 2021.

After 10 years experience in UMG, she departed the music business group and signed with Sony Music's Columbia Records on June 14, 2023.

Halsey is a soprano with three-octave vocal range. Her voice is often described as “smoky” or “husky.” This is typically a quality found in lower-pitched voices. Additionally, her vocal range spans from about F3 to C5. However, this worth noting that her voice has a lot of versatility. She is able to sing both lower and higher pitched notes with relative ease.

Halsey is bisexual.

She has a son, Ender Ridley Aydin (born July 14, 2021) with her former boyfriend Alev Aydin, a Turkish-American filmmaker. The two separated at some point. Halsey requested custody of their son so she could take him on tour but also wanted Aydin to have joint custody and visitation.

She was previously dated rapper G-Eazy in 2017 to 2018.

She is currently dating Canadian actor Avan Jogia.

Òscar Ribas Reig

Òscar Ribas Reig (, 26 October 1936 – 18 December 2020) was the first prime minister of Andorra in 1982. He twice was head of government, firstly from 8 January 1982 to 21 May 1984 with National Liberal party and then from 12 January 1990 to 7 December 1994 with the National Democratic Agreement party.

Reig died on 18 December 2020 at the age of 84 in Sant Julià de Lòria.

Democratic Party (Italy)

The Democratic Party (Italian: "Partito Democratico", "PD") is an Italian political party. Its secretary is Elly Schlein.

From the birth of the Conte II Cabinet, the Democratic Party formed a coalition with the Five Star Movement.

Since 2014, the party has been a member of the Center-left Party of European Socialists group in the European Parliament.

CD Vision

CD Vision is a Bangladeshi record label company, which is contributed production and distribution of the television programs, recording artists and full-length bengali feature movies released on Audio & Video and Online Platforms. CD Vision is also a film production house produce content including, short film, drama, telefilm, fiction, music video and documentary.


G-Series (record label)

G-Series is a Bangladeshi record label. The company produces cassettes, CDs, VCDs, and DVDs of dramas, telefilms, movies, and music. It is one of the largest companies in Bangladesh. The owner of the company is Nazmul Haque Bhuiyan. The Daily Star described it a major record label in Bangladesh.



Jaaz Multimedia

Jaaz Multimedia is a movie production and distribution house in Bangladesh.


Rosewood

Rosewood is wood from trees of the genus Dalbergia. 

The wood of "Dalbergia nigra" is known as "Brazilian rosewood", and also as "Bahia rosewood".It has a strong, sweet smell, which lasts for many years.

Another rosewood comes from "Dalbergia latifolia" known as (East) Indian rosewood or "sonokeling" (Indonesia). It is native to India and is also grown in plantations elsewhere in Pakistan (Chiniot).

Madagascar rosewood ("Dalbergia maritima"), known as "bois de rose", is highly prized for its red colour. It is overexploited in the wild. A 2010 moratorium on trade and illegal logging is being ignored.

Throughout southeast Asia "Dalbergia oliveri" is harvested for use in woodworking. It has a fragrant odour. "Dalbergia cultrata" is being used and sold as "D. olvieri".

Marsha P. Johnson

Marsha P. Johnson (August 24, 1945 – July 6, 1992) was an American gay and transgender rights activist. They are best known for participating in the Stonewall riots in 1969. A founding member of the Gay Liberation Front, Johnson co-founded the advocacy group S.T.A.R. (Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries), alongside their friend Sylvia Rivera. From 1987 through 1992, Johnson was an AIDS activist with ACT UP.

Johnson was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey on August 24, 1945. They were one of seven children. Their father, Malcolm Michaels Sr, worked for General Motors. Their mother, Alberta Claiborne, was a housekeeper. Johnson attended an African Methodist Episcopal Church as a child. Johnson was very religious. They were very interested in Catholicism, and kept a private altar at home. Johnson began wearing dresses at the age of five but stopped due to bullying from boys in their neighborhood. Johnson did not come to terms with being gay until the age of 17. Their mother was reportedly very homophobic, but Johnson has said that their mother was unaware of the LGBT community. After graduating from high school, Johnson moved to Greenwich Village, New York on their own. They supported themself by waiting tables. After meeting other gay people in the city, Johnson gained the confidence to come out themself.

Johnson began working as a drag queen after coming out as gay. They chose the drag name "Marsha P. Johnson". "Johnson" comes from the restaurant Howard Johnson's. They said that the "P" stood for "pay it no mind," a phrase they would use when people asked their gender. Johnson referred to themself as gay, a transvestite, and a drag queen interchangeably and preferred "they," rather than "she," to be used as a pronoun. Although they never referred to themself as being transgender, many modern scholars believe that was only because the term still was rarely used during their lifetime.

Johnson said that their style of drag was not serious because they could not afford expensive clothes. They made flower crowns out of leftover flowers from the Flower District of Manhattan, which they began well known for wearing. Johnson was tall, thin and wore long flowing clothes, red high heels and bright wigs. This tended to draw a lot of attention. Their style was often described as being masculine and feminine at the same time.

In 1972, Johnson became a member of the New York-based drag performance troupe Hot Peaches. Johnson also performed with the troupe The Angels of Light. In 1975, Johnson was photographed by famous artist Andy Warhol, as part of a series called "Ladies and Gentlemen".

The Stonewall riots were a series of riots in New York City in 1969. They happened after the police raided the Stonewall Inn, a gay bar in Greenwich Village. Johnson is often said to have been one of the first people to begin rioting against the police, some going as far to say they "threw the first brick at Stonewall". Johnson denied this, but they did become heavily involved in gay rights activism after the police raid.

After the Stonewall uprising, Johnson joined the Gay Liberation Front, which worked to fight against homophobia. They participated in a rally on the first anniversary of the Stonewall riots in 1970. Also in 1970, Johnson and their fellow GLF members staged a sit-in protest at New York University after the university staff canceled a dance when they learned it was sponsored by gay organizations. 

Johnson and their close friend Sylvia Rivera co-founded the Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries (STAR) organization. STAR advocated for transgender rights and also provided shelter for gay and transgender youth in the "STAR House", which also provided shelter for sex workers. Johnson worked to provide food, clothing, emotional support and a sense of family for homeless gay and transgender youth.

The two were banned from participating in the gay pride parade in 1973 when the staff running the event stated they were not going to allow drag queens at marches because they were "giving them a bad name". Their response was to march defiantly ahead of the parade. They believed it was their right to participate in pride alongside other members of the LGBT community.

When they first came to New York City, Johnson became a sex worker to make money. They were arrested many times due to laws against prostitution. 

Johnson spoke of first having a mental breakdown in 1970. They would purposefully get themself arrested so that they would be given antipsychotic medication.

Though remembered by most as a kind and generous person, they were known to have occasional bouts of anger and aggression. It is believed that they may have suffered from a mental illness which caused mood swings.

Johnson was found dead shortly after the 1992 pride parade. Their body was discovered floating in the Hudson River. According to their friend, Randy Wicker, a witness saw Johnson fighting a man who later bragged about killing a drag queen named "Marsha". No arrests were made following this. Many locals believed that the law enforcement was unwilling to investigate Johnson's death because of their status as a drag queen and a sex worker.

Johnson was cremated and their ashes were released over the Hudson River by her friends following a funeral at the local church.

In November 2012, activist Mariah Lopez was able to get the New York police department to reopen the case as a possible homicide.

Johnson is remembered by many as an important figure in the fight for gay liberation.

The 2012 documentary "Pay It No Mind – The Life and Times of Marsha P. Johnson" features segments from a 1992 interview with Johnson, which was filmed shortly before their death. Many of their friends from Greenwich Village are interviewed for the documentary.

In 2018 the "New York Times" published a belated obituary for them.

On May 30, 2019, it was announced that Johnson and Sylvia Rivera would be honored with monuments at Greenwich Village, near the site of the Stonewall club.

In June 2019, Johnson was one of fifty American “pioneers, trailblazers, and heroes” inducted on the National LGBTQ Wall of Honor within the Stonewall National Monument (SNM) in New York City’s Stonewall Inn.

Spirit AeroSystems

Spirit AeroSystems, Inc. ("Spirit") is the world's biggest first-tier aerostructures manufacturer. They are in Wichita, Kansas. Spirit's main competition comes from Triumph Aerostructures - Vought Aircraft Division, UTC Aerospace Systems, Leonardo, and Kawasaki Heavy Industries.


Humid continental climate

A humid continental climate is a climatic region defined by Russo-German climatologist Wladimir Köppen in 1900. A place with a humid continental climate has big seasonal temperature differences. It has warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes very cold in the northern areas) winters. Precipitation usually happens throughout the year. In a humid continental climate, the average temperature of the coldest month must be below (or ) and there must be at least four months whose average temperatures are at or above .

Humid continental climates are usually found between latitudes 40° N and 60° N, within the central and northeastern parts of North America, Europe, and Asia.

Assens, Switzerland

Assens is a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

The community decided to merge their municipality with Malapalud, with effect from 1 January 2009.


Chapelle-sur-Moudon

Chapelle-sur-Moudon was a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Chanéaz, Chapelle-sur-Moudon, Correvon, Denezy, Martherenges, Neyruz-sur-Moudon, Peyres-Possens, Saint-Cierges and Thierrens joined together to become the new municipality called Montanaire.

Neyruz-sur-Moudon

Neyruz-sur-Moudon was a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Chanéaz, Chapelle-sur-Moudon, Correvon, Denezy, Martherenges, Neyruz-sur-Moudon, Peyres-Possens, Saint-Cierges and Thierrens joined together to become the new municipality called Montanaire.

Correvon

Correvon was a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Chanéaz, Chapelle-sur-Moudon, Correvon, Denezy, Martherenges, Neyruz-sur-Moudon, Peyres-Possens, Saint-Cierges and Thierrens joined together to become the new municipality called Montanaire.

Fort Leavenworth

Fort Leavenworth is a United States Army installation in Leavenworth County, Kansas. It was built in 1827. It is the oldest active United States Army post west of Washington, D.C., and it is the oldest permanent settlement in Kansas. Fort Leavenworth has been historically known as the "Intellectual Center of the Army."

It became a National Historic Landmark in 1960.


Denezy

Denezy was a municipality of the Gros-de-Vaud in the canton district of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Chanéaz, Chapelle-sur-Moudon, Correvon, Denezy, Martherenges, Neyruz-sur-Moudon, Peyres-Possens, Saint-Cierges and Thierrens joined together to become the new municipality of Montanaire.

Martherenges

Martherenges was a municipality of the Gros-de-Vaud district　in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Chanéaz, Chapelle-sur-Moudon, Correvon, Denezy, Martherenges, Neyruz-sur-Moudon, Peyres-Possens, Saint-Cierges and Thierrens joined together to become the new municipality of Montanaire.

Peyres-Possens

Peyres-Possens was a municipality of the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Chanéaz, Chapelle-sur-Moudon, Correvon, Denezy, Martherenges, Neyruz-sur-Moudon, Peyres-Possens, Saint-Cierges and Thierrens joined together to become the new municipality of Montanaire.

Saint-Cierges

Saint-Cierges was a municipality of the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Chanéaz, Chapelle-sur-Moudon, Correvon, Denezy, Martherenges, Neyruz-sur-Moudon, Peyres-Possens, Saint-Cierges and Thierrens joined together to become the new municipality of Montanaire.

Montanaire

Montanaire is a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2013 when the former municipalities of Chanéaz, Chapelle-sur-Moudon, Correvon, Denezy, Martherenges, Neyruz-sur-Moudon, Peyres-Possens, Saint-Cierges and Thierrens joined together to become the new municipality of Montanaire.


Penthalaz

Penthalaz is a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Kansas Board of Regents

The Kansas Board of Regents is an organization that governs six state universities in the U.S. state of Kansas. It also supervises and coordinates nineteen community colleges, five technical colleges, six technical schools and a municipal university. It has nine members. 
The Kansas Board of Regents has nine members. All of them are chosen by the Governor of Kansas. Each Board Member also serves on committees that help solve higher education issues.


The Big Short (movie)

The Big Short is a 2015 American biographical comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Adam McKay. It was written by McKay and Charles Randolph. It is based on the 2010 book "The Big Short: Inside the Doomsday Machine" by Michael Lewis that shows how the financial crisis of 2007–2008 was started by the United States housing bubble. The movie stars Christian Bale, Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling, Brad Pitt, Melissa Leo, Hamish Linklater, John Magaro, Rafe Spall, Jeremy Strong, Finn Wittrock, and Marisa Tomei.

The movie had a limited release in the United States on December 11, 2015. It had a wide release on December 23 by Paramount Pictures.

On September 22, 2015, Paramount set the movie for a limited release on December 11, 2015 and a wide release on December 23, 2015.


Hacksaw Ridge

Hacksaw Ridge is a 2016 biographical war drama movie. It was directed by Mel Gibson and written by Andrew Knight and Robert Schenkkan. It was based on the 2004 documentary "The Conscientious Objector". The film focuses on the World War II experiences of Desmond Doss, an American pacifist combat medic who did not carry or use a weapon or firearm of any kind. This was because he was a Seventh-day Adventist Christian. Doss became the first conscientious objector to be awarded the Medal of Honor, for service above and beyond the call of duty during the Battle of Okinawa. Andrew Garfield stars as Doss, with Sam Worthington, Luke Bracey, Teresa Palmer, Hugo Weaving, Rachel Griffiths, and Vince Vaughn in supporting roles.

The movie was released in the United States on November 4, 2016. It made $175.3 million worldwide and received mostly positive reviews, with Gibson's direction and Garfield's performance getting praise. "Hacksaw Ridge" was chosen by the American Film Institute as one of its top ten Movies of the Year. It got many awards and nominations.


Oulens-sous-Echallens

Oulens-sous-Echallens is a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Dommartin, Switzerland

Dommartin was a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the municipalities of Dommartin, Naz, Poliez-le-Grand and Sugnens joined together to become the new municipality of Montilliez.

Naz

Naz was a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Dommartin, Naz, Poliez-le-Grand and Sugnens joined together to become one new municipality called Montilliez.

Monique Coleman

Adrienne Monique Coleman (or Monique Jordan; born November 13, 1980) is an American singer, actress, entrepreneur and dancer. She co-starred in Disney's "High School Musical" movies; she played Taylor McKessie. On ABC's "Dancing with the Stars", she finished in the fourth place.

In Columbia, South Carolina, at a very young age, Coleman started her acting career in theatre and television.

Monique Coleman was born in Orangeburg, South Carolina.


Cardinal numeral

A cardinal numeral (or 'cardinal number word') is a part of speech used to count.

Examples are the words "one", "two", "three", and also compounds like "three hundred and forty-two" (Commonwealth English) or "three hundred forty-two" (American English). 

Cardinal numbers are definite numerals. They are related to ordinal numbers, such as "first", "second", "third", etc.


Hiatal hernia

A hiatal hernia is a kind of hernia in which abdominal organs, usually the stomach, slip through the diaphragm. This may result in gastroesophageal reflux disease (or GERD) or heartburn. There are other symptoms, like dysphagia (or trouble swallowing) and chest pain. Other problems may include bowel obstruction and iron deficiency anemia.

The most common risk factors are obesity and older age. Other risk factors are scoliosis, injury and several types of surgery.

Between ten and eighty percent of people in the United States are affected with hiatal hernias.

The symptoms from a hiatal hernia might be improved by changes, like weight loss, changing eating patterns and raising the head of a bed.

Sliding hiatal hernia:- This happens when part of the stomach and the place where the stomach and esophagus meet slide up into chest through the opening (hiatus).

Paraesophageal hernia:- Happens when part of stomach pushes up through the opening (hiatus) into chest and is next to the esophagus.


Scoliosis

Scoliosis is a medical condition in which the human or animal spine has a sideways curve. The curve is usually S-shaped or C-shaped. In some, the curve is stable. In others, though, 
it increases over time. Mild scoliosis does not often cause problems. Severe cases, however, can interfere with breathing and can cause pain.

The cause of most cases is unknown. However, it is believed to involve a combination of genetic and environmental factors. Risk factors include having affected family members.

Diagnosis is often confirmed with x-rays.

Scoliosis usually occurs between ages 10 and 20. Males can be affected, although females are more often affected.

List of Ikaw ay Pag-Ibig episodes

This is a list of episodes of "Ikaw ay Pag-Ibig" which aired on ABS-CBN's "Primetime Bida" evening block from November 21, 2011 to January 27, 2012. The series was directed by Jerome Chavez Pobocan, Jojo A. Saguin, and Erick C. Salud.

<onlyinclude>

Environmental factor

An environmental factor (also called eco factor) is any factor which influences living organisms. Abiotic factors include ambient temperatures, the amounts of sunlight and PH of water soil in which organisms live. Biotic factors include the availability of food organisms and the presence of predators, parasites and competitors.

Cancers are often related to environmental factors. Having a healthy diet, healthy weight, limiting alcoholic drinks and quitting or not starting smoking cuts down the risks of getting cancer.

Environmental triggers for asthma and autism have been studied also.

Consortium

A consortium (which may also be called syndicate) is formed by two or more independent companies, individuals, or other economic actors that work together for a limited amount of time, usually to fulfill a purpose. Consortia are common in the building industries, roads and bridges are often built by consortia.

Very broadly speaking there are two kinds of consortia:
The term can be traced to the 16th century, where it developed from "con sortes", which is the plural of Latin "consors". It can roughly be translated as "united by fate". The english word consort probably has the same origin.

The company Airbus started as a consortium of different companies with the aim of building airplanes. 

In 1970, they officially formed a "groupement d'intérêt économique" (which is a consortium, in the French legal system). Today, Airbus is a Societas Europaea, a shareholding company under European law. Not all consortia are done for profit: The Unicode consortium wants to promote the Unicode standard. It is a non-profit organisation, based in California.

Graph coloring

Graph coloring is the name for a number of problems from graph theory. These problems are concerned with coloring (or labelling) the vertices of a graph, given certain conditions. A simple problem in this context might look for the minimal number of colors needed to color the vertices, when two connected vertices cannot have the same color. In the graph shown, the circles are called vertices and the lines connecting them are called edges. The minimum number of colors needed to color a graph is called its chromatic number.

Cabbage Patch Kids

The Cabbage Patch Kids are a line of soft-sculptured dolls. They were registered in the United States' copyright office in 1978 as 'The Little People'. When the dolls went into mass production in 1982, they were then renamed 'Cabbage Patch Kids'.

The doll brand was one of the most popular toy trends of the 1980s. It was one of the longest running doll franchises in the United States. The characters showed up in many other Cabbage Patch products, including animated cartoons, board games and record albums.

Over the years, the Cabbage Patch Kids have been produced by different companies.

Infidelity

People who form a couple, or who are married, very often have an agreement that they will only have sex with each other, and with no one else. If one of the two has sex with someone else, this is called infidelity.

Infidelity is common: About half of the men, and a quarter of women reported having an extra-marital affair, according to the Kinsey Reports, done in the 1950s.

In many countries, where religion is still present in everyday life (mostly in Africa and Asia), being untrue to the one you love is a criminal offense. In most European countries and the Americas, it is no longer a crime punishable by law.

Infidelity is one the reasons and causes for divorce.



Bercher

Bercher is a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria

Carlos Maria Alfonso Marcelo de Borbón-Dos Sicilias y de Borbón-Parma, "Infante" of Spain, Duke of Calabria (16 January 1938 – 5 October 2015) was, at his death, the last "infante" of Spain during the reigns of his cousins King Juan Carlos I and King Felipe VI.

Additionally, he was also one of two claimants to the headship of the dynasty which ruled the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies before to its incorporation into the Kingdom of Italy in 1861, in which capacity he was also the Grand Master of one of the three branches of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George.

List of Lorenzo's Time episodes

This is a list of episodes of "Lorenzo's Time" which aired on ABS-CBN's "Primetime Bida" evening block from July 2, 2012 to October 5, 2012. The series was directed by Jerome Chavez Pobocan and Claudio "Tots" Sanchez-Mariscal IV.
<onlyinclude>

Orange River

The Orange River (officially called Oranje) is a river in Southern Africa. It is long. It starts in Lesotho, and is the longest river there. For large parts of its course, it forms the border between South Africa and Namibia. 
The Orange river basin extends into South Africa, Namibia, and Botswana. The river starts in the Drakensberg mountains. It passes only through the city of Upington: it does not run through other major cities. 
The river is important for the South African economy. Its water is used for irrigation and hydroelectric power. The river was named the Orange River in honor of the Dutch ruling family, the House of Orange, by the Dutch explorer Robert Jacob Gordon.

Lariboisière Hospital

Lariboisière Hospital (French: "Hôpital Lariboisière") is a hospital in Paris. It is one of Europe's largest hospitals. It was created in 1854. It is a partner of the "Université Paris Cité".


George Peter Alexander Healy

George Peter Alexander Healy (1813–1894) was an American painter. He is mostly known for the portraits he made, 

He made portraits of Daniel Webster, Henry Clay, John C. Calhoun, Arnold Henri Guyot, William H. Seward and Louis Philippe. He also made portraits of the US presidents from John Quincy Adams bis Ulysses S. Grant. His works also include "The Peacemakers" (1868) and "Abraham Lincoln" (1869).

He died, aged 80, on June 24, 1894 in Chicago.

Bettens

Bettens is a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Bioley-Orjulaz

Bioley-Orjulaz is a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Goumoens-la-Ville

Goumoens-la-Ville was a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Eclagnens, Goumoens-la-Ville and Goumoens-le-Jux joined together to become one new municipality called Goumoëns.


Goumoëns

Goumoëns is a municipality of the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Eclagnens, Goumoens-la-Ville and Goumoens-le-Jux merged to form the new municipality of Goumoëns.


Bottens

Bottens is a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Boulens

Boulens is a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Bournens

Bournens is a municipality in the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Boussens, Switzerland

Boussens is a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Etagnières

Etagnières is a municipality of the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Valerie Van Ost

Valerie Van Ost (25 July 1944 – 10 September 2019) was an English actress.

At school, Van Ost became the youngest adult dancer at the London Palladium before moving into films and television at age 18. She appeared in four Carry On films - "Carry On Cabby" (1963), "Carry On Don't Lose Your Head" (1967), "Carry On Doctor" (also 1967) and "Carry On Again Doctor" (1969). Her other film roles included "The Beauty Jungle" (1964), "Mister Ten Per Cent" (1967), "Casino Royale" (1967), "Corruption" (1968), "The Smashing Bird I Used to Know" (1969), "Incense for the Damned" (1971), and the Hammer horror film "The Satanic Rites of Dracula" (1973). She appeared as the dim-witted Penny in an episode of "The Avengers" entitled "Dead Man's Treasure" (1967), and a year later was considered for the part of Diana Rigg's replacement as Steed's sidekick.

Van Ost retired from performing in 1982 to form a casting company with her husband, Andrew Millington.

Van Ost died from liver cancer on 10 September 2019 at the age of 75.

Goumoens-le-Jux

Goumoens-le-Jux was a municipality of the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Eclagnens, Goumoens-la-Ville and Goumoens-le-Jux merged to form the new municipality of Goumoëns.

Arrissoules

Arrissoules is a village of the district Yverdon of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland. On 1 January 2005 the former municipality of Arrissoules merged into the municipality of Rovray, which kept the name Rovray.

The Arrissoules Tunnel of the A1 motorway is found near the village.

Crissier

Crissier is a municipality of the Ouest lausannois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

It is a suburb of Lausanne.


Poliez-le-Grand

Poliez-le-Grand was a municipality of the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Dommartin, Naz, Poliez-le-Grand and Sugnens joined together to become the new municipality of Montilliez.


Merkel, Texas

Merkel is a town in Taylor County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,471 at the 2020 census.

Hamilton, Texas

Hamilton is a city in and the county seat of Hamilton County, Texas, United States, in the state's central region. The population was 2,895 at the 2020 census.


Daillens

Daillens is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is in the district of Gros-de-Vaud.


Yuriy Meshkov

Yuri Alexandrovich Meshkov (, ("Yuri Alexandrovich Meshkov"); October 25, 1945 – September 29, 2019) was a Crimean politician. He was a leader of the pro-Russian movement in Crimea. Meshkov was the only President of Crimea from 1994 to 1995.

Yuri Meshkov was born on October 25, 1945 in Synelnykove, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, of the Soviet Socialist Republic of Ukraine (now Ukraine) of a mother of Ukrainian origin and a Russian father of Kossan Cossacks. He grew up in Simferopol, where he finished high school. When he was about eight years old, the Crimea region was officially transferred from the Russian RSFS to the Ukrainian SSR. For his military duties, he served in the Border Guard. In 1967 (in some sources in 1977), he graduated from the Faculty of Law of the Moscow State University. Until 1982, he worked as a detective and then as chief inspector in the district attorney's office. From 1982 to 1985, he spent time on the Skif scientific research yacht. After 1985 and until 1990, he worked privately as a legal consultant. At that time, he was also one of the heads of the "Memorial" department of the Crimean Illuminating Society "All-Union" and president of the Crimean kick-boxing Federation.

In 1990, Meshkov was elected deputy to the Supreme Council of Crimea (the parliament of the republic). There, he became the co-founder of the RDK (Republican Crimean Movement) party. In 1994, he headed the electoral block "Russia" for the Republican presidential elections, where he easily defeated Mykola Bahrov in the second round. Mykola Bahrov was at that time head of the Supreme Council of Crimea. In the second round of the presidential elections in Crimea in 1994, Meshkov won 72.9% and was elected only president of the republic.

Its main political program was to facilitate much closer relations with the Russian Federation until the possible reunification of Crimea with Russia. Mechkov tried to initiate a political-military union with Russia and completely ignored the positions of the Ukrainian government. He also tried to force the rotation of the Russian currency, issue Russian passports to the population of Crimea and even transfer Crimea to the same time zone as Moscow. Due to the unexpected resistance of the local opposition, Meshkov only managed to place his autonomous republic in the Moscow time zone. He also appointed the Deputy Prime Minister, Russian economist Yevgeny Saburov, who has practically become the head of government. He then said in confrontations with other government officials about the legitimacy of his designee that he did not even have a Ukrainian passport. Because of this, Yevgeny Saburov was forced to resign. After that, he managed to paralyze the work of the Supreme Council of Crimea.

In 1995, the Ukrainian Parliament repealed the Crimean Constitution and abolished the office of president on March 17, 1995. After some previous warnings in September and November 1994 on March 17, 1995, the President of Ukraine Leonid Kuchma , signed the law of Ukraine that repeals the amended Constitution of Crimea and some other laws of the Republic of Crimea, because they were contrary to the Constitution of Ukraine and jeopardized the sovereignty of Ukraine.

Mark Zakharov

Mark Anatolyevich Zakharov (; 13 October 1933 – 28 September 2019) was a Soviet and Russian theater and movie director and playwright. He was best known for his Soviet-era fantasy movies. He was also known for his productions of plays at Moscow's Lenkom Theatre. 

He was also a professor of the Moscow Theatre Institute (GITIS).

Prime Minister of Crimea

The Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Republic of Crimea (; ; ) is the head of government of the Republic of Crimea, (previously the Autonomous Republic of Crimea located in the southern region of Ukraine).


President of Crimea

The President of the Republic of Crimea (; ) was the head of the state of the Republic of Crimea, Ukraine from February 16, 1994 to the time of its end on March 17, 1995. The post was ended as it had problems with the Constitution of Ukraine.

The first round of voting in the Crimean presidential elections was held on January 16, 1994, and on January 30, the second round was held. With 72.9% of the vote, the pro-Russian politician Yuriy Meshkov was declared the winner. He was the only person to hold the post of President of the Republic of Crimea.

Kelantan Sultanate

The Sultan of Kelantan is the constitutional head of Kelantan state in Malaysia. The executive power of the state is vested in him as the monarch of the state. The current sultan, Muhammad V, is the 29th Sultan of Kelantan. 

He is the Head of Islam in the state and the source of all titles, honours and dignities of its people. He was the 15th Yang di-Pertuan Agong. His reign as the monarch and head of state of Malaysia or Yang di-Pertuan Agong began on 13 December 2016, after his election on 14 October 2016 at the 243th (special) Conference of Rulers.

Ismail Petra of Kelantan

Sultan Ismail Petra ibni Almarhum Sultan Yahya Petra (11 November 1949 – 28 September 2019) was the Sultan of Kelantan, Malaysia from 30 March 1979 until 13 September 2010. He was replaced by his son, Tengku Muhammad Faris Petra, as Sultan Muhammad V.

Sultan Ismail Petra died on 28 September 2019 at 8:11 am at the Raja Perempuan Zainab II Hospital, aged 69.


Suad Beširević

Suad Beširević "Suljo" (4 March 1963 – 28 September 2019) was a Slovene football manager and a professional football player.

He was thought to be as one of the best players of FK Borac Banja Luka, where he spent most of his career and where he won the 1987–88 Yugoslav Cup. He also won the 1990–91 Cypriot First Division and the 1991–92 Cypriot Cup with Apollon Limassol FC. 

As a manager Beširević won the Slovenian Cup in the 2002–03 season. He also won the Slovenian Third League (West Group) with NK Šenčur in the 2008–09 season. 

On 28 September 2019, Beširević died at the age of 56 after a long illness in his hometown of Ljubljana.

José Aldunate

José Aldunate Lyon (June 5, 1917 – September 28, 2019) was a Society of Jesus and Chilean teacher, worker, priest and human rights activist. He was awarded the National Prize for Human Rights in 2016.

Joachim Messing

Joachim Wilhelm "Jo" Messing (September 10, 1946 – September 13, 2019) was a German-American biologist. He was a professor of molecular biology and the fourth director of the Waksman Institute of Microbiology at Rutgers University.

Messing died at his home in Somerset, New Jersey on September 13, 2019, three days after his 73rd birthday.

Somerset, New Jersey

Somerset is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Franklin Township, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 22,968.

Henry Buttelmann

Henry "Hank" Buttelmann (June 26, 1929 – September 16, 2019) was an American fighter pilot of the United States Air Force in the Korean War and Vietnam War. He had seven victories over enemy aircraft in Korea, making him a flying ace. He gained his fifth kill on June 30, 1953, just after his 24th birthday, which made him the youngest ace of the war.

Buttelmann died on September 16, 2019 in Frankfort, Illinois at the age of 90.

Karin Larsson

Anna Karin Larsson (later "Ahlström", 30 August 1941 – 21 September 2019) was a Swedish swimmer. She won a bronze medal at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships in the 4×100 m freestyle relay. She competed in the same event at the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics and finished sixth in both games. She was eliminated in the preliminaries of the 100 m and 400 m freestyle.

Chrissy Teigen

Christine Diane Teigen (born November 30, 1985) is an American model, television personality and author. She made her debut in the annual "Sports Illustrated" Swimsuit Issue in 2010 and, alongside Nina Agdal and Lily Aldridge, appeared on the cover in 2014.

Since 2015, she co-hosts "Lip Sync Battle" with LL Cool J on Paramount Network.

Teigen married the singer John Legend on September 14, 2013.

Delta, Utah

Delta is a city in Millard County, Utah, United States. The population was 3,622 at the 2020 census.

Lauren Lapkus

Dorthea Lauren Allegra Lapkus (born September 6, 1985) is an American actress and comedian. She is known for playing Susan Fischer in the Netflix original series "Orange Is the New Black" and Jess in the HBO series "Crashing". 

She has also made appearances on such television shows as "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", "The Middle", "Hot in Cleveland", "The Big Bang Theory", and "@midnight" and movies such as "Jurassic World".

Lauren gave birth to a daughter named Holly on July 24, 2021. 

Jesper Hoffmeyer

Jesper Hoffmeyer (21 February 1942 – 25 September 2019) was a professor at the University of Copenhagen Institute of Biology. He was the President of the International Society for Biosemiotic Studies (ISBS) from 2005 to 2015, co-editor of the journal "Biosemiotics" and the Springer Book series in Biosemiotics.

He authored the books "Biosemiotics: An Examination into the Signs of Life and the Life of Signs" and "Signs of Meaning in the Universe" and edited "A Legacy for Living Systems: Gregory Bateson as Precursor to Biosemiotics".

Hoffmeyer died on 25 September 2019 of a heart attack at the age of 77.

Giovanni Bramucci

Giovanni Bramucci (15 November 1946 – 26 September 2019) was an Italian road cyclist. He was born in Civitavecchia, Italy.

In 1968 he won bronze medals in the team time trial at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City and UCI Road World Championships. He finished eighth at the Olympics and tenth at the world championships. After that he turned professional, but had little success and retired in 1971.

Édith Cresson

Édith Cresson (; born Édith Campion, 27 January 1934) is a French politician. She is the first woman to have held the office of Prime Minister of France from 1991 through 1992. During her tenure, many criticized her for being racist.

Jean-Pierre Raffarin

Jean-Pierre Raffarin (; born 3 August 1948) is a French politician. He was Prime Minister of France from 6 May 2002 to 31 May 2005.

He was also Vice President of the Senate from 2011 to 2014.

Alain Juppé

Alain Marie Juppé (; born 15 August 1945) is a French politician. He was a member of The Republicans. He was Prime Minister of France from 1995 to 1997 under President Jacques Chirac. He was President of the political party Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) from 2002 to 2004 and mayor of Bordeaux from 1995 to 2004.

He was Minister of Defence and Veterans Affairs from 2010 to 2011 and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2011 to 2012.

He announced in 2015 his plan to run his party's primary election ahead of the 2017 presidential election. He came in second place in the first open primary of the right and centre, and in the run-off, he lost to François Fillon.

Laurent Fabius

Laurent Fabius (; born 20 August 1946) is a French politician of Jewish descent. He was President of the Constitutional Council since 8 March 2016. He has been a member of the Socialist Party. He was the Prime Minister of France from 17 July 1984 to 20 March 1986. Fabius was 37 years old when he was appointed and is, so far, the youngest Prime Minister of the Fifth Republic.

Fabius was also President of the National Assembly from 1988 to 1992 and again from 1997 to 2000. He was Minister of Finance from 2000 to 2002 and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2012 to 2016.


Ronald L. Schlicher

Ronald Lewis Schlicher (September 16, 1956 – September 26, 2019) was an American diplomat and career foreign service officer. He was the Deputy Chief of Mission in Lebanon "(chargé d'affaires)" 1994–96 and United States Consul-General in Jerusalem in 2000–02. He also served as ambassador to Cyprus in 2006–08. He was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. 

Schlicher died on September 26, 2019 in Brentwood, Tennessee at the age of 63.

Brentwood, Tennessee

Brentwood is a suburb of Nashville, Tennessee, located in Williamson County, part of Middle Tennessee. The population was 45,373 as of the 2020 U.S. Census.

Rob Garrison

Robert Scott Garrison (January 23, 1960 – September 27, 2019) was an American actor. He was best known for his role as Tommy in the 1984 movie "The Karate Kid" and the second season of its spinoff "Cobra Kai", the 2018 YouTube web series.

Garrison began his acting career in 1977 in "Starship Invasions". He also had roles in the television shows "Coach", "St Elsewhere", and "MacGyver".

Garrison died on September 27, 2019. He was 59.

Ruby Rose

Ruby Rose Langenheim (born 20 March 1986) is an Australian model, actress, and television presenter. She is known for her role as Stella in "Orange Is the New Black". She also starred in action movies "" (2016), "" (2017) and "" (2017) and has co-starred in the musical comedy "Pitch Perfect 3" (2017) and the monster movie "The Meg" (2018).

In August 2018, Rose had been cast as Batwoman in the upcoming Arrowverse crossover and in the television series of the same name. 

Rose is openly a lesbian.

Aja Naomi King

Aja Naomi King (born January 11, 1985) is an American actress. She began her career in guest-starring roles on television, and starred as Cassandra Kopelson in The CW medical comedy-drama "Emily Owens, M.D.". In 2014, King began starring as Michaela Pratt in the ABC legal drama series "How to Get Away with Murder".

John J. Snyder

John Joseph Snyder (October 25, 1925 – September 27, 2019) was an American prelate of the Catholic Church. He was the ninth bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of St. Augustine from 1979 through 2000. Snyder was born in New York City. 

Snyder died on September 27, 2019 in St. Augustine, Florida at the age of 93.


Joseph C. Wilson

Joseph Charles Wilson IV (November 6, 1949 – September 27, 2019) was an American diplomat. He was best known for his 2002 trip to Niger to investigate allegations that Saddam Hussein was attempting to purchase yellowcake uranium. His "New York Times" op-ed piece, "What I Didn't Find in Africa"; and the leaking by the Bush administration of information about the identity of his wife Valerie Plame as a CIA agent. 

He also was the CEO of a consulting firm he founded, JC Wilson International Ventures, and as the vice chairman of Jarch Capital, LLC.

From 1992 through 1995, he was the Ambassador of Gabon under the Bill Clinton presidency. 

Wilson was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut. He studied at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Wilson died of multiple organ failure in Santa Fe, New Mexico at the age of 69.


Viju Khote

Viju Khote (17 December 1941 – 30 September 2019) was an Indian actor. He was known for his work in more than 300 movies in Hindi and Marathi cinema. He was known for his role as Kalia in the movie "Sholay". He also starred as Robert in movie "Andaz Apna Apna" and on the television series "Zabaan Sambhalke" (1993). He had also acted in Marathi theatre over the years. He was born in Bombay.

Khote died on 30 September 2019 at his Mumbai home due to multiple organ failure at the age of 77.

Kate Gallego

Kate Gallego (née Widland, October 21, 1981) is an American politician. She is the 61st and current Mayor of Phoenix, Arizona since 2019. 

Gallego is a member of the Democratic Party. She was a member of the Phoenix City Council from 2014 to 2018.

Ruben Gallego

Ruben Marinelarena Gallego (born November 20, 1979) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for Arizona's 7th congressional district since January 3, 2015. He is a Democrat. He was the National Chair of Eric Swalwell’s 2020 presidential campaign.

In January 2023, Gallego announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2024 election.


Katreese Barnes

Katreese Barnes (January 3, 1963 - August 3, 2019) was a musician, musical director, and song writer, best known for being half of the pop duo Juicy with her brother Jerry Barnes, and her work on the music of "Saturday Night Live", including the hit "Dick in a Box". She died on August 3, 2019 at the age of 56, following a decades-long battle against breast cancer.

Beatriz Aguirre

Beatriz Aguirre (March 21, 1925 – September 29, 2019) was a Mexican movie and television actress.




Chris Patten

Christopher Francis Patten, Baron Patten of Barnes, (; born 12 May 1944) is a British politician. He is the 28th and final Governor of Hong Kong from 19 July 1992 until the end of British administration over the territory on 30 June 1997. He has been a Conservative member of the House of Lords since 2005. He represented Bath in the House of Commons from 1979 to 1992.

Governor of Hong Kong

The Governor of Hong Kong was the representative in Hong Kong of the British Crown from 1843 to 1997. In this office, the governor was president of the Executive Council and Commander-in-Chief of the British Forces Overseas Hong Kong. 

The governor's roles were seen in the Hong Kong Letters Patent and Royal Instructions. After the end of British rule and the transfer of Hong Kong to the People's Republic of China in 1997 the office was abolished (ended) and replaced with the Chief Executive of Hong Kong.


David Akers-Jones

Sir David Akers-Jones KBE (, 14 April 1927 – 30 September 2019) was a British retired colonial administrator. He was the Chief Secretary of Hong Kong from 1985 to 1987, and was briefly Acting Governor of Hong Kong from December 1986 through April 1987. Akers-Jones was born in Worthing, Sussex.

Akers-Jones died on 30 September 2019 at a hospital in Hong Kong from colon cancer at the age of 92.

Chief Secretary for Administration

The Chief Secretary for Administration (), commonly known as the Chief Secretary of Hong Kong, is the most senior principal official of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. 

The Chief Secretary is head of the Government Secretariat which is in charge of the administration of the Region to which all other ministers belong, and is responsible for his or her policies and actions to the Chief Executive and to the Legislative Council. 

Under Article 53 of the Basic Law, the position is known as "Administrative Secretary".

Matthew Cheung

Matthew Cheung Kin-chung, GBM, GBS, JP (; born 20 November 1950) is a Hong Kong government official. He was the Chief Secretary for Administration from 2017 to 2021. He was the Secretary for Labour and Welfare from 2007 through 2017.

Carrie Lam

Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor, GBM, GBS (; "née" Cheng, born 13 May 1957) is a Hong Kong politician. She was the 4th Chief Executive of Hong Kong from 2017 to 2022. She was the Chief Secretary for Administration, from 2012 to 2017, and as Secretary for Development from 2007 to 2012.

Chief Executive of Hong Kong

The Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China is the representative of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and head of the Government of Hong Kong. 

The office was created to replace the Governor of Hong Kong. The office, followed by the Hong Kong Basic Law, was created on 1 July 1997 when the sovereignty of Hong Kong was transferred from the United Kingdom to the People's Republic of China.

Political party: 


Leung Chun-ying

Leung Chun-ying, GBM, GBS, JP (; born 12 August 1954), also known as CY Leung, is a Hong Kong politician. He was the third Chief Executive of Hong Kong between 2012 and 2017.

Donald Tsang

Donald Tsang Yam-kuen, GBM (; born 7 October 1944) is a former Hong Kong civil servant. He was the second Chief Executive of Hong Kong from 2005 to 2012.

Rafael Hui

Rafael Hui Si-yan (born 8 February 1948) is a Hong Kong politician. He was the Chief Secretary for Administration of Hong Kong from 2005 through 2007.

In March 2012, Hui was arrested for corruption. In December 2014, he was convicted of corruption and sentenced to 7.5 years in prison.

Tung Chee-hwa

Tung Chee-hwa, GBM (; born 7 July 1937) is a Shanghai-born Hong Kong businessman and politician. He was the first Chief Executive of Hong Kong after the transfer of sovereignty on 1 July 1997 to 12 March 2005. He is currently a vice-chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC).

Kornel Morawiecki

Kornel Andrzej Morawiecki (3 May 1941 – 30 September 2019) was a Polish politician and theoretical physicist. He was born in Warsaw. Morawiecki was the founder and leader of Fighting Solidarity (Polish: "Solidarność Walcząca"). He was also a member of the 8th legislature of the Sejm, of which was also the Senior Marshal from 12 November 2015 until his death.

He was one of the candidates in the 2010 Polish presidential election, but received only 0.13% of the vote and did not make it into the second round.

His son Mateusz Morawiecki is the Prime Minister of Poland.

Morawiecki died on 30 September 2019 of pancreatic cancer in Warsaw at the age of 78.

Ilkka Laitinen

Ilkka Pertti Juhani Laitinen (22 August 1962 – 29 September 2019) was a Finnish military officer and poilitician. He was the lieutenant general and the Chief of the Finnish Border Guard from 2018 to 2019. He was the first Executive Director of Frontex, the European Union’s border protection agency, from 2004 until 2014. He was born in Nurmes, Finland.

Laitinen retired from the Finnish Border Guard due to ill health on 31 August 2019. He died on 29 September 2019, aged 57, due to illness.

Kåre Tønnesson

Kåre Dorenfeldt Tønnesson (1 January 1926 – 26 September 2019) was a Norwegian historian and professor at the University of Oslo. He was born in Ski, Norway. 

He finished his secondary education at Valler in 1944. After enrolling in philological studies at the University of Oslo in 1945 he graduated with the cand.philol. degree in history in 1952. 

His master's thesis into causality in the writings of Alexis de Tocqueville. In 1959 Tønnesson took the dr.philos. degree with the thesis "La défaite des sans-culottes", "The Defeat of the Sans-culottes".

He was a lecturer in history at the University of Oslo from 1958, research fellow from 1960, docent from 1964 and professor from 1969 to 1991. From 1973 to 1975 he was the dean at the Faculty of History and Philosophy. 

From 1970 to 1974, he was the Chair of the Norwegian Historical Association.

After retiring from the professorship, he was a scholar in NAVF and the Research Council of Norway. 

Tønnesson died on 26 September 2019 in Bærum, Norway at the age of 93.


Bærum

Bærum () is a city in Akershus County, Norway. The city was created as a municipality on 1 January 1838. It is a suburb of Oslo, Bærum is located on the west coast of the city.

Bærum has the highest income per capita in Norway and the highest proportion of university-educated individuals. 

The municipality has been voted the best Norwegian place to live in considering governance and public services to citizens.


Ski, Norway

Ski is a town in the Nordre Follo municipality of Norway. Ski is located south of Oslo.

Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball

The Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball program is the intercollegiate men's basketball program of the University of Kansas. The program is in the NCAA's Division I. The team competes in the Big 12 Conference. Kansas is considered one of the best college basketball programs in the United States because they have won 5 overall National Championships (3 NCAA Tournament championships, 2 Helms National Championships), as well being a National Runner-Up six times. They also have the most conference titles in the United States. Kansas is the all-time record holder for most consecutive conference titles as they have 14 consecutive titles, a streak that ran from 2005 through 2018. The Jayhawks also own the NCAA record for most consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances with an active streak of 30 consecutive appearances.

In 2008, ESPN ranked Kansas second on a list of the best programs of the modern college basketball era. Kansas currently has the longest streak of consecutive NCAA tournament appearances of all-time (30). It also has the longest current streak of consecutive NCAA winning seasons (35), the most winning seasons in Division I history (97), the most non-losing seasons (.500 or better) in NCAA history (100), the most conference championships in Division I history (61), the most consecutive regular season conference titles in Division I (14), the most First Team All Americans in Division I history (22), and the most First Team All American Selections in Division I history (29). As of the last complete season, the program ranks third in Division I all-time winning percentage (.725) and second in Division I all-time wins (2,217).

Since Allen Fieldhouse opened (which is the Jayhawks home arena), in 1955, the Jayhawks have earned a well established home court advantage. Allen Fieldhouse is often considered one of the best home court advantages in college basketball.
<nowiki>*</nowiki> Active streak.<br>Current Official NCAA Records and Awards data.

Bretigny-sur-Morrens

Bretigny-sur-Morrens is a municipality of the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Cugy, Vaud

Cugy is a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Echallens

Echallens is a municipality in the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Rafael Trujillo

Rafael Leónidas Trujillo Molina ( , ; 24 October 1891 – 30 May 1961), nicknamed "El Jefe" (, "The Chief" or "The Boss"), was a Dominican politician, soldier, and dictator. He ruled the Dominican Republic from August 1930 until his assassination in May 1961. He was President from 1930 to 1938 and again from 1942 to 1952. 

On 30 May 1961, Trujillo was shot and killed when his blue 1957 Chevrolet Bel Air was ambushed on a road outside the Dominican capital.

Eclagnens

Eclagnens was a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Eclagnens, Goumoens-la-Ville and Goumoens-le-Jux merged to form the new municipality of Goumoëns.


Héctor Trujillo

Héctor Bienvenido ‘Negro’ Trujillo Molina (April 6, 1908 – October 19, 2002), was a general, and political figure. He was the President of the Dominican Republic from 1952 through 1960. He was the brother of Rafael Trujillo.

Manuel Alejandro

Manuel Álvarez-Beigbeder Pérez (born 20 February 1933), better known as Manuel Alejandro, is a Spanish composer. He is known for writing Latin love songs, which are better known as "ballads". He has written, composed, and arranged songs for Luis Miguel, Plácido Domingo, Nino Bravo, Julio Iglesias,Raphael, Hernaldo Zúñiga, José José, José Luis Rodríguez, Emmanuel, Enrique Guzmán, Isabel Pantoja, Rocío Jurado, Rudy Marquez, and Jeanette, among many others. He was born in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain.

Fey, Switzerland

Fey is a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

John Lynch

John Harry Lynch (born November 25, 1952) is an American businessman and politician. He was the 80th Governor of New Hampshire from 2005 to 2013. Lynch was first elected governor in 2004, beating incumbent Craig Benson. Lynch won re-election in landslide victories in 2006, 2008, and in 2010.

Lynch is the most popular governor in New Hampshire history and, while in office, and was ranked among the nation's most popular governors.

Essertines-sur-Yverdon

Essertines-sur-Yverdon is a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Froideville, Switzerland

Froideville is a municipality of the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Egyptian fraction

A unit fraction is a fraction with 1 in the numerator. A fraction that is the sum of a limited number of unit fractions is an Egyptian fraction.

Lussery-Villars

Lussery-Villars is a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 1999, Lussery and Villars-Lussery joined together to become this new municipality.


Arnex

Arnex can mean:

Dan Warner

Daniel Lawrence Warner (April 22, 1970 – September 4, 2019) was an American Grammy Award- and Latin Grammy Award-winning guitarist, producer and songwriter.

Warner was born and grew up in South Florida. He recorded with numerous artists and musicians, including Michael Jackson, Shakira, Madonna, Celine Dion, Barbra Streisand, and Barry Gibb, and wrote for artists like Enrique Iglesias, Lil Wayne and Mika. 

He was the governor of The Recording Academy starting from 2005 and was the President of Recording Academy Florida Chapter from 2010 to 2012, and a Trustee for the period 2013 - 2017.

During his career, Warner worked on five Grammy Award-winning projects. Warner received a Grammy for Best Latin Pop album for his work as a producer and engineer on Alejandro Sanz's 2009 album at the 53rd Grammy awards, and received four Latin Grammy awards for his work on Calle13's album, "Entren Los Que Quieran", Amaury Gutierrez's "Sesiones Intimas", Diego Torres's "Distinto" and the aforementioned "Paraíso Express."

Warner died on September 4, 2019 at the age of 49 in Hollywood, Florida of a heart attack.

Hunting horn

The hunting horn has no keys or valves. All tones and effects have to be produced using lips, cheeks, tongue and air pressure. Some tones are created by stopping the sound with the hand (“Ton Bouché”).

The French hunting horn was developed around 1817. It is called the “Trompe d’Orléans”. This natural horn is tuned in the D major key and has a 3 octave range. All musicians play the same kind of instrument, only the mouthpiece can be different.

The hunting horn is made of a brass alloy, and weights only 750 gr. The total length of the tube measures about 4.54 metres.

Deaths in October 2019

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in October 2019. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

































Bonnie and Clyde (movie)

Bonnie and Clyde is a 1967 American neo-noir biographical crime movie directed by Arthur Penn. It stars Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway as characters Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker. It also stars Michael J. Pollard, Gene Hackman, and Estelle Parsons. 

The movie won Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actress (Estelle Parsons) and Best Cinematography (Burnett Guffey). It was among the first 100 movies selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.

Cool Hand Luke

Cool Hand Luke is a 1967 American prison drama movie directed by Stuart Rosenberg. It stars Paul Newman and George Kennedy, who won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the role. Newman stars as Luke, a prisoner in a Florida prison camp who refuses to work by rules and the system.

Wayne Fitzgerald

Wayne Fitzgerald (March 19, 1930 – September 30, 2019) was an American main title designer. He designed close to a thousand motion picture and television main and end title sequences for top directors. 

He worked with many directors such as Francis Ford Coppola, John Huston, Mike Nichols, Robert Redford, Roman Polanski, Arthur Penn, Michael Cimino, Warren Beatty, Herbert Ross, John Hughes, and Quentin Tarantino.

Fitzgerald designed the titles for "Cool Hand Luke", "Bonnie and Clyde", "Annie", "The Bold and the Beautiful", "Footloose", "Tootsie", "The Big Chill", "Sixteen Candles", "The Breakfast Club", "Groundhog Day", "Ghost" and "Basic Instinct".

Fitzgerald died on September 30, 2019 in Whidbey Island, Washington at the age of 89. The cause was problems caused by the flu.

Whidbey Island

Whidbey Island (historical spellings Whidby, Whitbey, or Whitby) is the largest of the islands making up Island County, Washington, in the United States. Whidbey is about north of Seattle, and lies between the Olympic Peninsula and the I-5. It is home to Naval Air Station Whidbey Island.

Whidbey Island is home to 67,000 residents (according to the 2000 census).

Herbert Ross

Herbert David Ross (May 13, 1927 – October 9, 2001) was an American stage actor, choreographer, director and producer. He worked in the stage and movies. He was known for working with Neil Simon. He directed the movies "Goodbye, Mr. Chips" (1969), "The Owl and the Pussycat" (1970), "T.R. Baskin" (1971), "Play It Again, Sam" (1972), "The Last of Sheila" (1973) and "Funny Lady" (1975).

On October 9, 2001, Ross died from heart failure in New York City at the age of 74.

Ben Pon

Bernardus Marinus "Ben" Pon (9 December 1936 – 30 September 2019) was a Dutch vintner and Olympian and motor racing driver. He competed in one Formula One race, the 1962 Dutch Grand Prix, but had a far longer career in sports car racing, before turning his back on the track to concentrate on the wine trade.

He also represented the Netherlands in clay pigeon shooting at the 1972 Summer Olympics, finishing 31st.

Pon was born in Amersfoort, Netherlands. He died on 30 September 2019 at the age of 82.


Michael J. Pollard

Michael John Pollard (born Michael John Pollack Jr.; May 30, 1939 – November 20, 2019) was an American character actor. He was best known for playing C.W. Moss in the 1967 movie "Bonnie and Clyde". The role earned him an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor nomination.

Pollard died of cardiac arrest on November 20, 2019 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 80.

Pollard was married to actress Beth Howland, In 2010, Pollard stated that he was Bisexual.

Kylie Rae Harris

Kylie Rae Harris (May 15, 1989 September 4, 2019) was an American singer-songwriter. She was born in Wylie, Texas.

At age twelve, Harris was enrolled in a vocal camp and began crafting her own songs and playing guitar. By the time she graduated from high school, Harris earned a music scholarship and a welding scholarship, but took neither and decided to press on with her musical career. She was one of the featured artists in "Troubadour, TX", a television show documenting her rising career as a Texas country singer/songwriter.

On July 1, 2010, Harris released her debut album titled "All the Right Reasons", followed by an EP in 2013 titled "Taking It Back".

In 2013, Harris began working on material for a second full-length album and toured with fellow "Troubadour, TX" star Zane Williams throughout the state. Then in March, 2019, she released a new self titled EP.

Harris died on September 4, 2019, when her car collided with another near Taos, New Mexico. She was 30 years old. She is survived by her daughter. Taos County Sheriff’s Office claimed that Harris caused the accident. The other fatality of the crash was a teenager, Maria Elena Cruz, whose vehicle Harris hit head-on.

Hypocrisy

Hypocrisy is not following a principle while telling someone else that they did not follow a principle. The person who does hypocrisy may not necessarily know that he is not following the principle.

A hypocrite is a person who does hypocrisy. A person who is a hypocrite will criticize at someone else not to do a certain behavior or activity but still do the same behavior or activity. For example, if Person A shouted at Person B that Person B should not talk loudly, then Person A is a hypocrite.


Busbee

Michael James Ryan (June 18, 1976 – September 29, 2019), known professionally as busbee, was an American songwriter, record producer, publisher, record label executive and multi-instrumentalist.

Busbee was born in Walnut Creek, California and began playing music when he was seven years old, living in Los Angeles with his family. He later wrote and produced music, and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2017.

Busbee marched with the World Class Drum Corps, Blue Devils

Busbee worked with a broad range of artists including Gwen Stefani, P!nk, Maren Morris, Timbaland featuring Katy Perry, Keith Urban, Jon Bellion, Kelly Clarkson, and Lady Antebellum. 

Busbee died of brain cancer on September 29, 2019, in San Francisco, California, at age 43.



Susan Landau Finch

Susan Meredith Landau Finch (born August 13, 1960) is an American film producer, writer, and director. She has an independent film company called Wildwell Films, based in Los Angeles. She has been married to Roy Finch since November 28, 1999. They have one daughter born in 2009.

Landau is the daughter of actors Barbara Bain and Martin Landau. Both her parents were Jewish. Her younger sister is American actress, director, producer and ballerina Juliet Landau. The sisters spent their early childhood in a Tudor style house in West Los Angeles.


Laura Regan

Laura Regan (born 17 October 1977) is a Canadian actress. She has had leading and supporting roles in the films "Saving Jessica Lynch" (2003), "My Little Eye" (2002), "They" (2002), "Dead Silence" (2007), and "" (2014). She had a recurring role as Jennifer Crane in the TV series "Mad Men" and starred as Agatha on "Minority Report" (2015).

Regan was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, the youngest in a family of seven. Regan is the daughter of Anita Carole Regan (née Harrison) and former Nova Scotia premier Gerald Regan, and sister of Geoff Regan, Speaker of the Canadian House of Commons and former federal Minister of Fisheries and Oceans, and "Live at Five's" Nancy Regan. Her maternal grandfather was Saskatchewan MP John Harrison.

Regan's first role was in M. Night Shyamalan's "Unbreakable". She landed her first starring role in Robert Harmon's "They".

Strasbourg Airport

Strasbourg Airport () () is an international airport in Entzheim. It is 10 km (6.2 miles) west-southwest of Strasbourg. In 2018, the airport had 1,297,177 passengers.


Sion Airport

Sion Airport (Military: LSMS) is the airport of the city of Sion, Switzerland. It is 2.5 km southwest of the city of Sion in the Rhône Valley. The airport was opened in 1935.


EuroAirport Basel Mulhouse Freiburg

EuroAirport Basel Mulhouse Freiburg is an international airport northwest of the city of Basel, Switzerland, southeast of Mulhouse in France, and south-southwest of Freiburg im Breisgau in Germany. It is in France in Saint-Louis near the Swiss and German borders. The airport is an hub for easyJet Switzerland with mainly flights to European metropolitan and leisure destinations. In 2018, the airport had 8,578,064 passengers.


C. K. Menon

Cheril Krishna Menon alias C. K. Menon, (18 September 1949 – 1 October 2019) was an Indian businessman and philanthropist. He was the chairman and chief executive officer of Behzad Corporation, headquartered in Doha, Qatar. He was awarded the 2006 Pravasi Bharatiya Samman. Menon was honored again by the Government of India, in 2009, with the fourth highest Indian civilian award of Padma Shri. He was born in Thrissur, Kerala.

Menon died at a hospital in Chennai, Tamil Nadu on 1 October 2019 at the age of 70.

Villars-Mendraz

Villars-Mendraz was a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the municipalities of Villars-Tiercelin, Montaubion-Chardonney, Sottens, Villars-Mendraz and Peney-le-Jorat joined to become the new municipality of Jorat-Menthue.

Eric Pleskow

Eric Pleskow (April 24, 1924 – October 1, 2019) was an Austrian-born American movie producer. He was President of the movie studios United Artists and Orion Pictures. He was born in Vienna.

Under his presidency at United Artists, the company won the Academy Award for Best Picture three years in a row: "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" (1975), "Rocky" (1976) and "Annie Hall" (1977).

In 1978, Pleskow left United Artists and built up Orion Pictures, which he ran until 1992. Their greatest successes under his management were "Amadeus", "Dances with Wolves" and "The Silence of the Lambs".

From 1998 until his death, he was the President of the Vienna International Film Festival.

Pleskow died on October 1, 2019 in Westport, Connecticut at the age of 95.

Vienna International Film Festival

The Vienna International Film Festival, or Viennale, is a movie festival taking place every October since 1960 in Vienna, Austria.
The average number of visitors is about 75,000. At the end of the festival, the "Vienna Film Prize" is awarded.

During the festival, the "Fipresci Prize" is awarded by international movie critics. Another prize is awarded by the readers of the Austrian newspaper "Der Standard".


Arto Tchakmaktchian

Arto Tchakmakchian (, 26 June 1933 – 1 October 2019) was an Egyptian-born Canadian-Armenian sculptor and painter. He was a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts. He was awarded by the Armenian Order of Honor in 2015. He was born in Cairo, Egypt and raised in Yerevan, Armenia. His career was based in Montreal, Canada.

In 1984 Tchakmaktchian won First Prize in the Wilfrid Pelletier Competition in Montreal for his bust of the competition's namesake. The work is on permanent display in the entrance hall of Place des Arts in Montreal. His works have also been exhibited at known museums internationally, notably in the Louvre. A notable exhibition was held at UNESCO Headquarters in Paris in 2010.

Tchakmakchian died on 1 October 2019 in Montreal at the age of 86.


Mex, Vaud

Mex is a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Montaubion-Chardonney

Montaubion-Chardonney is a former municipality in the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Villars-Tiercelin, Montaubion-Chardonney, Sottens, Villars-Mendraz and Peney-le-Jorat merged to form the new municipality of Jorat-Menthue.

Morrens

Morrens is a municipality of the district of Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Corey Knebel

Corey Knebel is a Major League Baseball player. He was MVP.

Turkish delight

Turkish delight or lokum is a type of sweet originating from modern day Turkey and Iran. It is mainly made out of rose water and several types of nuts.

Traditionally they are served after a meal with Turkish coffee.
There are a variety different flavours of Lokum, for example rose water, lemon and chocolate.

It is very popular throughout the Middle East and the Balkans.

Ogens

Ogens is a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Oppens

Oppens is a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Vermilion County

Vermilion County or Vermillion County is the name of several counties in the United States:


George Docking

George Docking (February 23, 1904 – January 20, 1964) was the 35th Governor of Kansas, serving between 1957 and 1961.

Docking was born in Clay Center, Kansas. Docking was educated in the public schools of Lawrence, Kansas. He graduated from the University of Kansas in 1925. He married Mary Virginia Blackwell, and they had two children.

Docking was elected Governor of Kansas in 1956. He was elected again in 1958. This makes him the first member of the Democratic Party to serve more than a single term as governor in Kansas. 

Docking died from emphysema in 1964 in a hospital in Kansas City, Kansas. He is interred at the Highland Park Cemetery in Kansas City, Kansas.


Richardson, Texas

Richardson is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Pailly, Switzerland

Pailly is a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Pailly

Pailly is the name of three municipalities in Europe:

Ronald Evans (astronaut)

Ronald Ellwin Evans Jr. (November 10, 1933 – April 7, 1990), (Capt, USN), was an American naval officer and aviator, electrical engineer, aeronautical engineer, and NASA astronaut. He was one of 24 people to have flown to the Moon.

Evans was born on November 10, 1933, in St. Francis, Kansas. His parents were Clarence Ellwin Evans (1911–1985) and Marie A. Evans (; 1913–1992). He had two siblings, Larry Joe Evans (1935–1951) and Jay Evans. He was active in the Boy Scouts of America. He achieved its second highest rank, Life Scout. He graduated from Highland Park High School in Topeka, Kansas in 1951. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Kansas in 1956. He received a Master of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School in 1964. He was a member of Tau Beta Pi, Society of Sigma Xi, and Sigma Nu.

Evans was one of the 19 astronauts chosen by NASA in April 1966. He served as a member of the astronaut support crews for the Apollo 7 and Apollo 11 flights. He was in the backup Command Module Pilot for Apollo 14.

Evans retired from NASA in March 1977. He wanted to get a career in the coal industry. Later, he worked with Western American Energy Corporation in Scottsdale, Arizona. He was Director of Space Systems Marketing for Sperry Flight Systems.

He died in his sleep of a heart attack in Scottsdale, Arizona, on April 7, 1990. He was survived by his widow Jan, his daughter, Jaime D. Evans (born August 21, 1959), and his son, Jon P. Evans (born October 9, 1961).


Danny Manning

Daniel Ricardo Manning (born May 17, 1966) is an American college basketball coach and retired NBA player. He is the current men's head coach at Wake Forest. Manning played high school basketball at Lawrence High School in Lawrence, Kansas, college basketball at The University of Kansas, and played in the NBA for 14 years. After he retired from professional basketball, Manning became an assistant coach at the University of Kansas. He won the national championship with the Jayhawks in 1988 as a player. He won it again as an assistant in 2008. He is the all-time leading scorer in Kansas basketball history with 2,951 points. The next closest player to his point total is Nick Collison, who is 854 points behind Manning.

Manning is the son of Ed Manning, who was a longtime NBA and ABA player and professional and college coach.

When he was a junior at Page High School in Greensboro, North Carolina, Manning averaged 18.8 points and nine rebounds per game. He led the Pirates to a 26–0 record and the state title.

When Ed Manning became an assistant coach at the University of Kansas before Manning's senior year, the family moved to Lawrence, Kansas. Manning went to Lawrence High School. While he was there as a senior, he was named Kansas Player of the Year. While in Lawrence High, Manning played along future United States federal judge Sri Srinivasan.

On April 4, 2014, Manning agreed to become the head coach at Wake Forest University.

Manning is the son of former NBA player, Ed Manning. Manning's own son, Evan, accepted a walk-on invitation for the men's basketball team at Kansas for the 2012–13 season. His daughter, Taylor, is a member of the Kansas volleyball team.


Crystal oscillator

A crystal oscillator, or system crystal, is a part of a computer. The computer uses it like a clock to keep track of time. It makes use of the mechanical resonance of the vibrating crystal, which has piezoelectric properties, in order to obtain an electric signal with a high-precision frequency. Crystal oscillators are considered superior to ceramic resonators as they have higher stability, higher quality, lower cost and are smaller in size.

These oscillators are usually made of Quartz crystal, even though other substances like Rochelle salt and Tourmaline exhibit the piezoelectric effect because, quartz is inexpensive, naturally-available and mechanically-strong when compared to others.

Linear combination

In math, a linear combination is the sum of multiplying each value in a set by a constant.

For a set formula_1, the linear combination can be anything in the pattern formula_2.

In this example, formula_3 and formula_4 are the constants.


Sophie Grégoire Trudeau

Sophie Grégoire Trudeau, (b. April 24, 1975) is the wife of the 23rd prime minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau. 

She is a former television host. Trudeau is involved in charity work and public speaking. She focuses mainly on women's and children’s issues. 

On March 12, 2020, Grégoire isolated herself, along with her husband, after she showed flu-like symptoms during the 2019–20 coronavirus pandemic. The Prime Minister's Office announced later that day that she had tested positive for COVID-19. She had recovered by March 28.

On August 2, 2023, Trudeau and Grégoire's separation was announced.

Soft-tissue sarcoma

A soft-tissue sarcoma (STS), is a form of sarcoma that develops in connective tissue, The term is sometimes is used for soft tissue which is not connective tissue. There are a number of types.

Sarcoma

A sarcoma is a cancer that comes from transformed cells of mesenchymal (connective tissue) origin.

Connective tissue is a term that includes bone, cartilage, fat, vascular, or hematopoietic tissues, and sarcomas can arise in any of these types of tissues. As a result, there are many subtypes of sarcoma. The word sarcoma is derived from the Greek σάρξ "sarx" meaning "flesh".

Kaposi's sarcoma

Kaposi's sarcoma (KS) is a type of cancer that can form masses in the skin, lymph nodes, or other organs. The skin lesions are usually purple in color. They can appear singularly, in a limited area, or be widespread. Lesions may be flat or raised. 

Lesion

A lesion is any damage or abnormal change in the tissue of an organism, usually caused by disease or trauma. "Lesion" is derived from the Latin "laesio" "injury". Lesions may occur in plants as well as animals.

Clear-cell sarcoma

Clear-cell sarcoma is a rare form of cancer called sarcoma. It is known to happen mainly in the soft tissues and dermis. 

Recurrence is common.

Clear cell sarcoma of the soft tissues in adults is not related to the pediatric tumor known as clear cell sarcoma of the kidney.

Synovial sarcoma

A synovial sarcoma (also known as: malignant synovioma) is a rare form of cancer which occurs mainly in the arms or legs. It is a type of soft-tissue sarcoma.

The name "synovial sarcoma" was created early in the 20th century, as some researchers thought that the microscopic similarity of some tumors to synovium.

New York Post

The New York Post (sometimes abbreviated as NY Post) is a daily newspaper in New York City. The "Post" also runs the celebrity gossip site PageSix.com and the entertainment site Decider.com, and produces the television show "Page Six TV".

It was created in 1801 by Federalist and Founding Father Alexander Hamilton, it became a respected broadsheet in the 19th century, under the name New York Evening Post.

In 1976, Rupert Murdoch, creator of Fox News, bought the "Post" for US$30.5 million. 

Since 1993, the "Post" has been owned by News Corporation and its replacement, News Corp. Its distribution ranked 4th in the US in 2018.

Martin Bernheimer

Martin Bernheimer (September 28, 1936 – September 29, 2019) was a German-born American music critic. Bernheimer was born in Munich. He studied at Brown University. He worked for the "New York Post" and "The Los Angeles Times". During his thirty years with that paper, he was twice the recipient of ASCAP's Deems Taylor Award (1974 and 1978) and in 1982 won the Pulitzer Prize for Criticism.

Bernheimer died one day after his 83rd birthday on September 29, 2019 of sarcoma at his Manhattan home.

Brett Cullen

Peter Brett Cullen (born August 26, 1956) is an American actor. He was born in Houston, Texas. Cullen played Dan Fixx in the 1980s CBS drama "Falcon Crest" for two seasons (1986–88). In 2009, he had a recurring role in the ABC Family television series "Make It or Break It".

In 2011, he played stepfather to Selena Gomez's character in the romantic comedy "Monte Carlo", and in 2012, appeared as a congressman in the Batman movie "The Dark Knight Rises". In 2019, Cullen starred as Thomas Wayne in the 2019 movie "Joker".

The Suicide Squad (movie)

The Suicide Squad, also known as Suicide Squad 2, is an American superhero movie based on the DC Comics antihero team Suicide Squad. It is being distributed Warner Bros. Pictures. It is a standalone sequel to "Suicide Squad" (2016) and the eleventh movie in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU).

The movie, written and directed by James Gunn, stars Margot Robbie, Idris Elba, John Cena, Jai Courtney, Joel Kinnaman, Nathan Fillion, Michael Rooker, Pete Davidson, Sylvester Stallone, Storm Reid, Taika Waititi, Sean Gunn, David Dastmalchian, Peter Capaldi, and Viola Davis.

Principal photography began on September 20, 2019, at Pinewood Atlanta Studios in Atlanta, Georgia. Filming in Atlanta is expected to last three months before moving to Panama for a month.

"The Suicide Squad" was released by Warner Bros. Pictures in the United States on August 6, 2021.

Michael Rooker

Michael Rooker (born April 6, 1955) is an American actor.

He is best known for his roles as Henry in "" (1986), Terry Cruger in "Sea of Love" (1989), Rowdy Burns in "Days of Thunder" (1990), Bill Broussard in "JFK" (1991), Hal Tucker in "Cliffhanger" (1993), Jared Svenning in "Mallrats" (1995), Merle Dixon in AMC's "The Walking Dead" (2010–2013) and Yondu Udonta in "Guardians of the Galaxy" (2014) and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" (2017).


Hayley Atwell

Hayley Elizabeth Atwell (born 5 April 1982) is a British-American actress. She is best known for her role of Peggy Carter in various many and television series set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and her appearance as Evelyn Robin in Disney's live-action "Winnie the Pooh" movie "Christopher Robin" (2018).

James Gunn

James Francis Gunn Jr. (born August 5, 1966) is an American director, screenwriter, producer, musician, and the co-CEO of DC Studios alongside producer Peter Safran. He is known for directing the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Guardians of the Galaxy" (2014) and its sequels, "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" (2017) and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" (2023), and the DC Extended Universe movie "The Suicide Squad" (2021) and the spin-off television series "Peacemaker" (2022). He is also known for writing both "Scooby-Doo" (2002) and "" (2004). 

Tallulah Bankhead

Tallulah Brockman Bankhead (January 31, 1902 – December 12, 1968) was an American actress.

Always known as just "Tallula", she was one of the most famous actresses of her time. She was born into a wealthy and influential Alabama family. Her father was a leading 'Southern Democrat', and in the 1930s became Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives. She was a childhood friend of Zelda Fitzgerald, the wife of novelist F. Scott Fitzgerald.

Tallula was an actress from the beginning to the end of her life. She acted in nearly 300 film, stage, television, and radio roles. Her personal life was wild. She struggled with alcoholism and drug addiction. She was infamous for her sex life, which included both men and women. 

Tallulah was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 1972, and the Alabama Women's Hall of Fame in 1981. 

In her 1932 movie "Devil and the Deep" there were three major co-stars, with Tallulah getting top billing over Gary Cooper, Charles Laughton, and Cary Grant. David O. Selznick, producer of "Gone with the Wind" (1939) called her the "first choice among established stars" to play Scarlett O'Hara. According to a memo from Selznick, November 11, 1936: Bankhead is first choice among established stars – and many votes coming in for her. Although her screen test for the role in black-and-white was superb, she photographed poorly in Technicolor. Selznick also thought that at age 36, she was too old to play Scarlett, who is 16 at the beginning of the film. The role eventually went to Vivien Leigh.

Also notable was her performance in the Alfred Hitchcock film "Lifeboat" (1943–1944). It was her best on film and won her the New York Film Critics Circle award. 

Onstage, Tallula appeared in a revival of Noël Coward's "Private Lives", taking it on tour and then to Broadway for the better part of two years. The play's run made her a fortune. On her death, she was worth $2 million, a vast sum in those days.

Eloisa Cianni

Eloisa Cianni, born Eloisa Aloisa Stukin Cianni (Rome, 21 June 1932), is a former Italian actress elected Miss Italy 1952 and Miss Europa 1953.

After being elected Miss Italy in 1952 in Merano, and Miss Europe in 1953 in Istanbul, she got a part in the film "Villa Borghese" directed by Gianni Franciolini, imposing herself for her beauty.

Linked by friendship with the stylist Vincenzo Ferdinandi, she posed for him on the catwalk and in photo shoots.

In the next ten years she continued to work in the cinema and as model until she gave up his film career when she was not yet thirty.

List of My Dear Heart episodes

This is a list of episodes of "My Dear Heart" which aired on ABS-CBN's "Primetime Bida" evening block from January 23, 2017 to June 16, 2017. The series was directed by Jerome Chavez Pobocan and Jojo A. Saguin.
<onlyinclude>

Nephrology

Nephrology (from Greek" nephros" "kidney", combined with the suffix "-logy", "the study of") is a specialty of medicine and pediatric medicine that about the kidneys. It is the study of normal kidney function and kidney disease, the preservation of kidney health, and the treatment of kidney disease, from diet and medication to renal replacement therapy (dialysis and kidney transplantation).

The term "nephrology" was first used in about 1960. Before then, the specialty was usually referred to as "kidney medicine."

Lucy Hawking

Catherine Lucy Hawking (born 2 November 1970) is an English journalist, novelist, educator, and philanthropist. She is the daughter of the late theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking and writer Jane Wilde Hawking. She lives in London, and is best known as a children's novelist and science educator.

Whamola

The Whamola is a bass instrument used in funk-jazz styles of music. The name is a portmanteau of whammy bar and viola.

The Whamola is a direct descendant of the washtub bass, an American folk instrument popular with skiffle and jug bands, and features a single string which is manipulated via a pulley-and-lever system.

Stent

In medicine, a stent is a metal or plastic tube inserted into the lumen of an anatomic vessel or duct to keep the passageway open, and stenting is the placement of a stent. "Stent" is also used as a verb to describe the placement of such a device, particularly when a disease such as atherosclerosis has pathologically narrowed a structure such as an artery.

A stent is different from a shunt. A shunt is a tube that connects two previously unconnected parts of the body to allow fluid to flow between them. Stents and shunts can be made of similar materials but perform two different tasks.

Pechino Express

Pechino Express is the Italian TV version of the reality show Peking Express created by Ludo Poppe. It has been broadcast on Rai 2 since 2012.









Saint-Géréon

Saint-Géréon was a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. On 1 January 2019, it became part of the new commune of Ancenis-Saint-Géréon.



Joseph Bismuth

Joseph Roger Bismuth (4 November 1926 – 1 October 2019) was a Tunisian businessman and politician. He was elected into the newly formed upper chamber, the Chamber of Advisors in July 2005. He was also a member of the International Council of Jewish Parliamentarians, formed in 2002. He founded the Tunisian-American Chamber of Commerce. 

Bismuth died in Tunis on 1 October 2019 at the age of 92.

Karel Gott

Karel Gott (14 July 1939 – 1 October 2019) was a Czech pop singer. He was thought to be the most successful male singer in the former Czechoslovakia and the Czech Republic. He was voted the country's best male singer in the annual "Český slavík" over forty times, most recently in 2017. Gott was born in Pilsen, Czech Republic. 

100 albums and 100 compilation albums, and sold an estimated 50–100 million records worldwide, 23 million of them in the German-speaking market, and about 15 million in Czechoslovakia and its successor states (the Czech Republic and Slovakia).

In 1968, he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest with his song "Tausend Fenster".

On 12 September 2019 it was announced that Gott was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia (AML). He died on 1 October 2019 from the disease at a Prague hospital at the age of 80.


Peter Sissons

Peter George Sissons (17 July 1942 – 1 October 2019) was an English broadcast journalist. He was the presenter of the "BBC Nine O'Clock News" and the "BBC Ten O'Clock News" between 1993 and 2003, and earlier a newscaster for ITN. He also presented the BBC's "Question Time" programme. He retired from the BBC in 2009.

Sissons died at the age of 77 on 1 October 2019, at the Maidstone Hospital in Kent.

Mathew Knowles

Mathew Knowles (born 1952) is an American record executive, talent manager, and businessman. He is best known for being the manager of Destiny's Child. He also managed his daughters Beyoncé and Solange Knowles. He is the ex-husband of Tina Knowles and father-in-law of Jay-Z. He was born in Gadsden, Alabama.

In October 2019, Knowles announced that he is suffering from male breast cancer.

Tina Knowles

Célestine Ann Beyoncé (born January 4, 1954), known as Tina Knowles-Lawson, is an American businesswoman and fashion designer. She is known for her House of Deréon and Miss Tina by Tina Knowles fashion brands. She is the mother of singers Beyoncé and Solange Knowles. Until 2011, she was married to Mathew Knowles, the manager of Destiny's Child as well as Beyoncé.

Richard Lawson (actor)

Richard Lee Lawson (born March 7, 1947) is an American actor. He has starred in movies and on television. Lawson is perhaps best known for his roles as Ryan in the 1982 movie "Poltergeist" and Dr. Ben Taylor in the 1983 NBC miniseries "V".

He served 21 months in Vietnam during the Vietnam War and was wounded in action.

Tiny Hill (rugby union)

Stanley Frank "Tiny" Hill (9 April 1927 – 2 October 2019) was a New Zealand rugby union player and selector. Hill represented Canterbury and Counties. He was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, from 1955 to 1959. He played 19 matches for the All Blacks, two of which were as captain, including 11 internationals. 

After retiring as a player, Hill was New Zealand Army and Canterbury selector, and as an All Black selector from 1981 to 1986.

Hill was born in New Plymouth, New Zealand. In 1996, he was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire. Hill died in Rolleston, New Zealand on 2 October 2019 at the age of 92.

Hargovind Laxmishanker Trivedi

Hargovind Laxmishanker Trivedi, better known as H. L. Trivedi, (31 August 1932 – 2 October 2019) was an Indian nephrologist, immunologist, transplantation medicine and stem cell researcher. He was a known physician of transplantation medicine in India. He was a founding director of the Kidney Hospital in Ahmedabad. He performed more than 5200 kidney transplantations. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 2015. He was born in present-day Gujarat, India.

Trivedi died on 2 October 2019 in Ahmedabad, India from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 87.

Peney-le-Jorat

Peney-le-Jorat was a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Villars-Tiercelin, Montaubion-Chardonney, Sottens, Villars-Mendraz and Peney-le-Jorat merged to form the new municipality of Jorat-Menthue.

Penthaz

Penthaz is a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Mordicai Gerstein

Mordicai Gerstein (November 24, 1935 – September 24, 2019) was an American artist, writer, and movie director. He was best known for illustrating and writing children's books. He illustrated the comic mystery fiction series "Something Queer is Going On". He directed the NBC television movie "The Berenstain Bears' Christmas Tree". He won the 2004 Caldecott Medal for U.S. picture book illustration, recognizing "The Man Who Walked Between the Towers", which he also wrote. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Gerstein died on September 24, 2019 in Westhampton, Massachusetts of cancer at the age of 83.

2019–2020 Peruvian constitutional crisis

The 2019–2020 Peruvian constitutional crisis began when President Martín Vizcarra dissolved the Congress of Peru on 30 September 2019. Congress responded by declaring Vizcarra's presidency suspended and appointed Vice President Mercedes Aráoz as interim president, moves that were largely seen as null and void.

The next day, on 1 October 2019, Aráoz announced her resignation while Vizcarra issued a decree for legislative elections to be held on 26 January 2020.

Mercedes Aráoz

Mercedes Rosalba Aráoz Fernández (born 5 August 1961) is a Peruvian economist, professor and politician.

She was the second Vice President of Peru of President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski from July 2016 through March 2018. After his resignation, she acted as the only Vice President of Martín Vizcarra from 23 March 2018 until her resignation on 1 October 2019.

Aráoz also was the Prime Minister, from 17 September 2017 to 2 April 2018.

On 30 September 2019, the Congress of the Republic of Peru suspended the presidency of Martín Vizcarra and named Aráoz as acting president of Peru through a disputed process. The decision was soon seen as null and void. The Peruvian Armed Forces continue to recognize Vizcarra as president of Peru and head of the armed forces. Aráoz resigned as vice president on 1 October 2019.

Penthéréaz

Penthéréaz is a municipality of the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Salvador del Solar

Salvador Alejandro Jorge del Solar Labarthe (; born 1 May 1970) is a Peruvian actor, lawyer and politician. He was the Prime Minister of Peru from being appointed by President Martín Vizcarra on 11 March 2019 until his resignation on 30 September 2019. He was Minister of Culture of Peru from 5 December 2016 to 27 December 2017 under President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski.

Vicente Zeballos

Vicente Antonio Zeballos Salinas (born 10 May 1963) is a Peruvian politician. On 30 September 2019, he was appointed Prime Minister of Peru by President Martín Vizcarra. He replaced Salvador del Solar following the constitutional crisis. He was the Minister of Justice until his appointed of Prime Minister. 

Born in the southern region of Tacna, Zeballos began his political career as mayor of Mariscal Nieto Province in Moquegua, from 2003 to 2006. Subsequently in 2011, he was elected to Congress in for the National Solidarity Alliance, representing Moquegua and the only congressman from Union for Peru. Zeballos was reelected in 2016, running this time as an independent within Peruvians for Change. He left the parliamentary caucus in December 2017, in protest to the pardon granted to former president Alberto Fujimori by the leader of the party and then-President of Peru, Pedro Pablo Kuczynski.

In Martín Vizcarra's administration, Zeballos was appointed Minister of Justice and Human Rights, serving in the position until his appointment as Prime Minister after Salvador del Solar's resignation due to the denied confidence given by Congress, prompting its constitutional dissolution. His tenure was marked by controversy and subject of extensive media scrutiny regarding his management skills, specifically during the COVID-19 pandemic in Peru. Zeballos was succeeded in office by former Prime Minister Pedro Cateriano on July 15, 2020.

Poliez-Pittet

Poliez-Pittet is a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Rueyres, Switzerland

Rueyres is a municipality in Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Muff

A muff is a tube made of fur or other warm material into which the hands are placed for warmth.

They are rarely used today. Changes in fashion might be one reason. Also, vehicles which transport people today are usually heated. 

In Roman times, the place of the glove was taken by long sleeves (manicae) reaching to the hand, and in winter special sleeves of fur were worn. In Medieval Latin we find the word muffulae, defined by Du Cange as chirothecae pellitae et hibernae ("leather winter gloves"). He quotes from a cartulary of the year 817, of the issuing to monks of sheepskin coverings to be used during the winter. These may have been, as the Roman certainly were, separate coverings for each hand, although the cartulary referred to also tells apart the glove for summer from the muffulae for winter wear. The Old French moufle meant a thick glove or mitten, and from this the Dutch mof, Walloon mouffe, and from that time, English "muff", are probably made from.

Saint-Barthélemy, Switzerland

Saint-Barthélemy is a municipality in the of Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Sottens

Sottens was a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the municipalities of Villars-Tiercelin, Montaubion-Chardonney, Sottens, Villars-Mendraz and Peney-le-Jorat joined together to become the new municipality of Jorat-Menthue.

It is known for its radio transmitter for the French language Swiss radio, built in 1931.

Jorat-Menthue

Jorat-Menthue is a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Villars-Tiercelin, Montaubion-Chardonney, Sottens, Villars-Mendraz and Peney-le-Jorat merged to form the new municipality of Jorat-Menthue.


Sugnens

Sugnens was a municipality in the Gros-de-Vaud district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the municipalities of Dommartin, Naz, Poliez-le-Grand and Sugnens joined together to become the new municipality of Montilliez.

Sullens

Sullens is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is in the Gros-de-Vaud district.


Village-Neuf

Village-Neuf is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Lowndes County, Mississippi

Lowndes County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 58,879 people lived there. Its county seat is Columbus. The county is named for U.S. Congressman William Jones Lowndes.

Mississippi University for Women is located here.

Paddy Roy Bates

Paddy Roy Bates (19212012) was a major in the British Army during WWII.
He became a pirate radio broadcaster. This is one which broadcasts without a licence. The broadcasting was based on a platform in the North Sea, which he called the Principality of Sealand.

Shigeru Miyamoto gameography

The Shigeru Miyamoto gameography includes all video games directed, produced, or designed by Shigeru Miyamoto. Hired in 1977 at Nintendo Co, Ltd. by president Hiroshi Yamauchi for his toy creations, Miyamoto's video game career began as Nintendo entered the arcade video game market in the late 1970s, and continued to grow the company itself and take an increasing leadership role. His video game contributions began with arcade cabinet art, then pixel art design as in the arcade "Sheriff" (1979), full game codevelopment roles as in the arcade "Radar Scope" (1980),ukreplicawatch.is primary concept and development roles as in Nintendo's first phenomenal hit "Donkey Kong" (1981), and his first console-only game "Devil World" (1984). Miyamoto has become one of the most influential video game designers of all time, having started video game franchises such as "Super Mario" and "The Legend of Zelda".

Bill Bidwill

William Vogel Bidwill Sr. (July 31, 1931 – October 2, 2019) was an American businessman, philanthropist, and the owner of the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL). He had co-owned the team from 1962 for ten seasons with his brother Charles Jr. and had been sole owner from 1972 until his death in 2019.

Bidwill died at age 88 on October 2, 2019 in Phoenix, Arizona.


Armando Villanueva

Armando Villanueva Del Campo (25 November 1915 – 14 April 2013) was a Peruvian politician. He was the leader of the Peruvian American Popular Revolutionary Alliance. Villanueva was born in Lima. He was the Prime Minister of Peru from 17 May 1988 through 15 May 1989 during Alan García's first presidency. 

At the age of 15 Villanueva became a member of APRA's "Juventud Aprista Peruana" in opposition to the military dictatorship of Luis Miguel Sánchez Cerro. At the age of 18 he was imprisoned in El Frontón prison (located on the small island of "San Lorenzo" off the coast of Callao, Lima's main port) for his subversive activities in Peru. He was a political ally and personal friend of Víctor Raúl Haya de la Torre, the founder and most prominent leader of the APRA party.

Villanueva spent most of his early life in different prisons for his political activities. In 1940, along with other APRA political activists, Villanueva was exiled to Chile. Between the 1940s and 1960s Villanueva spent his time in between Peruvian prisons and deportations to Chile and Argentina. While living in Santiago he met and married Lucia Ortega. They had a daughter: Lucia del Pilar Villanueva Ortega. 

In late 1961, before a general amnesty was granted to members of APRA, Villanueva entered Peru secretly. He needed to start organizing the multiple party cells in preparation for their return to full political activities. Afraid that he would be caught, he sought refuge at his cousin's house in San Isidro. Ana Maria Villanueva de Riva-Vercellotti was married to an Italian, and Armando was convinced that Peru's secret police would never find him there. He was able to stay there, unperturbed, till full amnesty was granted.

From 1963 to 1968 Villanueva served as a deputy in the lower house of the Peruvian legislature representing Lima, serving as President of the Chamber of Deputies from 1967 to 1968. Villanueva led the Aprista opposition to the military government of Juan Velasco.

The death of Haya de la Torre in 1979 propelled Villanueva to the leadership of the APRA party. As leader of the party Villanueva ran for the presidency in 1980 resulting in a second-place loss to the "Popular Action" party candidate Fernando Belaúnde. It is said that he lost the elections because the opposition mounted a negative campaign against him, claiming that he was married to a Chilean-born citizen. Chile's victory in the "Guerra del Pacifico" in 1883, which resulted in Peru losing a large chunk of its southern border to Chile, is still a subject of bad feeling in Peru.

In 1985 Villanueva was elected to the Peruvian Senate and elected as the President of the Senate from July 1986 to July 1987. During the presidency of Alan García, he served as prime minister from 1988 to 1989. In 1990, Villanueva was elected to his last term in the Senate, from 1990 to 1992 when Alberto Fujimori shut down Congress.

Villanueva retired in 2005, at the age of 90, to dedicate the rest of his life to his family and writing. In May 2005, with the death of his cousin Ana Maria, he also assumed the title of family patriarch. Villanueva died of a heart attack in Lima on 14 April 2013 at the age of 97.

Jorge Ortiz de Pinedo

Jorge Ortiz de Pinedo Pallás (born March 26, 1948) is a Mexican comedian, actor, movie director, screenwriter, television producer and host. He was born in Mexico City. He is known for his telenovela roles in "Dos mujeres en mi casa" (1984), "Dr. Cándido Pérez" (1987), "Cero en conducta" (1999), "Humor es... los comediantes" (1999), "La escuelita VIP" (2004), "La casa de la risa" and "Dos hogares" (2011).

In 2013, Ortiz de Pinedo was diagnosed with lung cancer. He retired in July 2019.

Edward Cassidy

Edward Idris Cassidy AC (5 July 1924 – 10 April 2021) was an Australian Roman Catholic cardinal priest. He was the President of the Pontifical Council for Promoting Christian Unity. He was in charge of the Commission of the Holy See for Religious Relations with the Jews. He was made a cardinal on 28 June 1991. He spent most of his career in the diplomatic service of the Holy See. Cassidy was born in Sydney.

Cassidy died on 10 April 2021 in Newcastle, New South Wales at the age of 96.


Kim Shattuck

Kimberly Dianne Shattuck (July 17, 1963 – October 2, 2019) was the lead punk rock singer-songwriter and guitarist. She was known for her works with the band The Muffs. From 1985 to 1990, she was a member of The Pandoras. 

In 2001, she was a singer, guitarist and songwriter for "The Beards", a superpop side project composed of Shattuck, Lisa Marr, and Sherri Solinger.

Shattuck was born in Los Angeles, California. She was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in 2017. Shattuck died from problems relating to the disease on October 2, 2019 at the age of 56.


Adam Maida

Adam Joseph Maida (born March 18, 1930) is an American cardinal prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in East Vandergrift, Pennsylvania. He was the Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Detroit, Michigan, from 1990 to 2009. He was elevated to Cardinal in 1994.

Cardinal Maida was the bishop of the Diocese of Green Bay, Wisconsin, from 1984 to 1990. 

East Vandergrift, Pennsylvania

East Vandergrift is a borough in Westmoreland County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The population was 602 at the 2020 census.

Juan Sandoval Íñiguez

Juan Sandoval Íñiguez (; born 28 March 1933) is a Mexican Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Yahualica de González Gallo, Jalisco. He was Archbishop of Guadalajara from April 1994 through December 2011.


North American F-82 Twin Mustang

The North American F-82 Twin Mustang is the last American propeller fighter ordered into production by the United States Air Force. Based on the P-51 Mustang, the F-82 was originally designed as a long-range escort fighter in World War II. The war ended well before the first produced units were operational. Then Haydn Douglas Griffiths Completed the first restoration of the aircraft making it fully operational, he did this amazing feat with his co-partner Eryk Alexander Deryniowski
Who was Russian refugee after Destalinization Who Then went on to become a worker in Lockheed.

Canton, Massachusetts

Canton is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 24,370 at the 2020 census. It is part of Greater Boston, about 15 miles (24 kilometers) southwest of downtown Boston.

Guilford, Vermont

Guilford is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States. The town was named for Francis North, 1st Earl of Guilford. The population was 2,120 at the 2020 census.

Selz, North Dakota

Selz is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated community in Pierce County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 40 as of the 2020 census.

Jayankondam

Jayankondam is the town in Udayarpalayam taluk. It is near Gangaikonda Cholapuram, the famous Brihadeshwara Temple. It is 10 km away from Jayankondam. It was ruled by Cholas. Jayankondam is well known the cashew nuts.

Villars-le-Terroir

Villars-le-Terroir is a municipality in the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Villars-Tiercelin

Villars-Tiercelin was a municipality in the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Villars-Tiercelin, Montaubion-Chardonney, Sottens, Villars-Mendraz and Peney-le-Jorat merged to form the new municipality of Jorat-Menthue.

Vuarrens

Vuarrens is a municipality in the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Vufflens-la-Ville

Vufflens-la-Ville is a municipality in the district Gros-de-Vaud in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Diogo Freitas do Amaral

Diogo Pinto de Freitas do Amaral (; 21 July 1941 – 3 October 2019), known as Freitas do Amaral, was a Portuguese politician, writer and law professor. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 12 March 2005 to 3 July 2006. He also was the Prime Minister in an acting role from 4 December 1980 through 9 January 1981. He was born in Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.

Frietas do Amaral was a candidate for president in 1986 and lost to Mário Soares by a small percentage. He was President of the United Nations General Assembly from 1995 through 1996.

In September 2019, Frietas do Amaral was hospitalized in critical condition for bone cancer at a Cascais hospital. He died at the hospital on 3 October 2019 at the age of 78.

Arnex-sur-Nyon

Arnex-sur-Nyon is a municipality in the district Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Cascais

Cascais () is a municipality in the Lisbon District of Portugal, located on the Portuguese Riviera. The population in 2011 was 206,479. It has an area of 97.40 km. Cascais is an important tourist city. 

Arzier

Arzier is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Póvoa de Varzim

Póvoa de Varzim (, ) is a Portuguese city in Northern Portugal and sub-region of Greater Porto. In 2001, there were 63,470 inhabitants, with 42,396 living in the city proper. It is the seventh-largest cities in Portugal and the third largest in Northern Portugal.

Aračinovo Municipality

Aračinovo Municipality ( , ) is a municipality in the northern part of the Republic of North Macedonia. "Aračinovo" is also the name of the village where the municipal seat is found. The municipality is in the Skopje Statistical Region. In 2002, 11,597 people lived there.

Aračinovo Municipality borders with Lipkovo Municipality to the north, the City of Skopje to the west, Petrovec Municipality to the south and Kumanovo Municipality to the east.


Jafar Kashani

Jafar Ashraf Kashani (, March 21, 1944 – October 2, 2019) was an Iranian football player. He played for Persepolis F.C. until 1974 when he was captain. Then he was hired by Ministry of Foreign Affairs and worked in embassies in Germany and UAE. 

He was also a member of board of directors at IRIFF and Persepolis. From 1968 through 1974, he played for the national team.

Kashani was born in Tehran. He died on 2 October 2019 from a heart attack in Tehran at the age of 75.

Gevgelija Municipality

Gevgelija (, "Opština Gevgelija") is a municipality in the southern part of the Republic of North Macedonia. "Gevgelija" is also the name of the town where the municipal seat is found. Gevgelija Municipality is in the Southeastern Statistical Region. In 2002, 22,988 people lived there.

The municipality borders Kavadarci Municipality to the west, Demir Kapija Municipality to the northwest, Valandovo Municipality to the northeast, Bogdanci Municipality to the east, and Greece to the south.


Richard Jewell

Richard Allensworth Jewell (born Richard White; December 17, 1962 – August 29, 2007) was an American police officer and security guard. He was born in Danville, Georgia. 

He was known for working as a security guard for AT&T during the Centennial Olympic Park bombing at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He found a backpack filled with three pipe bombs on the park grounds, Jewell called the police and helped to evacuate the area before the bomb exploded, saving many people from injury or death. 

After the bombing, Jewell was seen as a hero but later he was viewed as a suspect, before being cleared. Jewell's case is considered an example of the damage that can be done by media reporting based on unreliable or incomplete information.

Despite never being charged, the media continued to criticize Jewell and calling him the suspected bomber. Jewell was eventually found not guilty, and Eric Rudolph was later found to have been the bomber. 

In 2006, Governor Sonny Perdue publicly thanked Jewell on behalf of the State of Georgia for saving the lives of those at the Olympics.

Jewell died on August 29, 2007 of heart failure caused by diabetes in Woodbury, Georgia at age 44.

In 2019, Clint Eastwood directed a movie about him titled "Richard Jewell".


Detroit, Oregon

Detroit is a city in Marion County, Oregon, United States. The population was 203 at the 2020 census.

In September, 2020, the city was burned to the ground by a wildfire. 

Danville, Georgia

Danville is a town in Twiggs and Wilkinson counties in the U.S. state of Georgia. The population was 165 at the 2020 census.

Woodbury, Georgia

Woodbury is a town in Meriwether County, Georgia, United States. The population was 908 at the 2020 census.

Aumsville, Oregon

Aumsville is a city in Oregon in the United States.

Turner, Oregon

Turner is a city in Oregon in the United States.

Tyrone, Oklahoma

Tyrone is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Lake County, Indiana

Lake County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. In 2020, its population was 498,700, making it Indiana's second-most populous county. The county seat is Crown Point.

This county is part of the Chicago metropolitan area.

Belle Rive, Illinois

Belle Rive is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Vœgtlinshoffen

Vœgtlinshoffen is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. It is about south of Colmar.

Vogelgrun

Vogelgrun is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Walbach

Walbach is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Walheim, Haut-Rhin

Walheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Waltenheim

Waltenheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Wentzwiller

Wentzwiller is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. In 2016, 745 people lived there.

Westhalten

Westhalten is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

The D18BIS and D5 roads pass through Westhalten.

Baden, Morbihan

Baden ("Baden" in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in northwestern France.


Madison County, Mississippi

Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 109,145 people lived there. Its county seat is Canton. The county is named for James Madison, 4th President of the United States (1809–1817).

Belgium, Illinois

Belgium is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Crainville, Illinois

Crainville is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Energy, Illinois

Energy is a village in Williamson County, Illinois in the United States. In 2020, it had a population of 974.

Bassins

Bassins is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Begnins

Begnins is a municipality in Nyon, in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Andalusia, Illinois

Andalusia is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Milan, Illinois

'Milan ( ) is a village in Rock Island County, Illinois, United States. The population was 5,097 at the 2020 census.

The village is located near the Quad Cities of Illinois and Iowa.

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare

Call of Duty: Modern Warfare may refer to:

Campus, Illinois

Campus is a village in Round Grove and Broughton townships, Livingston County, Illinois. The population was 149 at the 2020 census.

Widensolen

Widensolen is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Wickerschwihr

Wickerschwihr is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Bogis-Bossey

Bogis-Bossey is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Tsada

Tsada is a Village in Cyprus in the Paphos District. Paphos is 8 kilometres south of Tsada. 

The Climate in Tsada is classified as Csa "Meditteranean" and has an average annual temperature of 16.7° C .

Tsada is 8 kilometres north of Paphos and lies at an altitude of 600 metres above sea level.

Tsada is connected on the northeast by the villages Kallepia, (3.5 km) Letimbou, (6 km) and Polemi (8 km). In the south it is connected with the village of Armou (6 km).  In the southwest it is connected with Tala and the monastery of Agios Neophytos.

Paphos

Paphos is a city in west Cyprus. It is the capital of Paphos District. In 2018, 63,600 people lived in the urban area.

The town is a UNESCO World Heritage site for the ancient Greek and Roman city ruins.


Kallepia

Kallepia is a village in Cyprus in the Paphos District. The village is very near Tsada Village.

The village is located at an altitude of above sea level.

Kili

Kili is a village in Cyprus in the Paphos District. 

Akoursos is west of Kili and Kathikas north of Kili. 

Safety razor

A safety razor is a shaving implement with a protective device put between the edge of the blade and the skin. The reason for the protective devices was to make it easier for people to shave without getting hurt. This made professional barbers less needed. The term was first used in a patent issued in 1880.

Plastic disposable razors and razors with replaceable blade attachments are in common use today. Razors commonly include one to five cutting edges, which are sharp.

Safety razors first had an edge protected by a comb patterned on different types of protective guards that had been placed to open-blade straight razors during the preceding decades.

To maintain the sharpness, razors can be stropped using an old strip of denim.

Safety razors are usually made of razor steel. That is a low chromium stainless steel, and it can be made very sharp. However, it corrodes easily. Drying the blades after using them can make them last longer. Salt from human skin also can corrode the blades, but washing and carefully drying them can make them last longer.


Kathikas

Kathikas is a village in Cyprus in the Paphos District.

Kathikas is located approximately 650 metres above sea level.

Theletra is to the East of Kathikas.

Disposable product

A disposable (also called disposable product) is a product designed to be used only once, and then it would be recycled or is thrown away as solid waste. The word often implies cheapness and short-term convenience instead of something that will last for a long time. The term is also sometimes used for products that may last several months (e.g. disposable air filters) to distinguish from similar things that last forever (e.g. washable air filters).

"Disposable" is an "adjective" meaning "something not reuseable but is disposed of after use". Many people now use the word as a noun or substantive (i.e. "a disposable") but it is still an adjective. This is because the "noun" (product, nappy, etc.) is implied.


Cannonball Run

Cannonball Run is a 1981 American Hong Kong action comedy movie starring Burt Reynolds, Jackie Chan, Dom DeLuise and Farah Fawcett.


Disposable and discretionary income

Disposable income is the income someone has after they have paid their taxes. Mathematically, it is total personal income minus personal current taxes. In national accounts definitions, personal income minus personal current taxes equals disposable personal income.


Autonomous consumption

Autonomous consumption (also exogenous consumption) is when people are paying for things when they have no income. In other words, it is the consumption expenditure that happens when income levels are zero. Such consumption is considered autonomous of income only when spending on these consumables does not change much income is changed; generally, it may be needed to pay for things that are needed and pay off debt. If income levels are actually zero, this consumption is called dissaving. This is because it is paid for by borrowing or using up savings. Autonomous consumption is different from induced consumption because it does not consistently change with income, whereas induced consumption does. The two are related, for all households, through the consumption function:

where


Consumption function

In economics, the consumption function shows a relationship between consumption and disposable income. It is believed that John Maynard Keynes introduced the idea in macroeconomics in 1936. He used it to develop the idea of a government spending multiplier. 

Its simplest form is the "linear consumption function". It is used often in simple Keynesian models:

where formula_2 is the autonomous consumption that is independent of disposable income; in other words, consumption when there is no income. The term formula_3 is the induced consumption that is influenced by the economy's income level. It is generally assumed that there is no correlation or dependence between formula_4 and "C".



Induced consumption

Induced consumption is the part of consumption that changes with disposable income. It is when there is a change in disposable income “induces” (persuades or makes someone want to do something) a change in consumption on goods and services. In contrast, spending for autonomous consumption do not change with income. For example, spending on a consumable that is considered a normal good would be considered to be induced.

In the simple linear consumption function,

formula_1

induced consumption is represented by the term formula_2, where formula_3 shows disposable income. formula_4 is called the marginal propensity to consume.

Ferrodraco

Ferrodraco lentoni, "Lenton's Iron Dragon", is a species of pterosaur. The only known fossil of the pterosaur was found in 2017 north east of Winton, Queensland, Australia. 

The pterosaur had a wingspan of about four metres, and when on the ground walked on its four limbs. The name, "Ferrodraco lentoni", comes from the Latin word, "ferrum" (iron), for the ironstone in which the fossil was found, and "draco", the Latin word for dragon. The species also is named after Graham Thomas 'Butch' Lenton, who was the mayor of Winton. 

Only small parts of 15 different pterosaurs have been found in Australia. "Ferrodraco" is the most complete specimen found. Scientists have been able to identify five vertebrae, eight limb bones, a large part of the jaw and skull, and 40 teeth. They believe that the pterosaur lived about 96 million years ago. That is in the Upper Cretaceous. 

The fossil is similar to pterosaurs found in England, except that it has much smaller teeth. This might be because of the type of food it ate, perhaps a diet of fish. Bones of pterosaurs were thin, and hollow, and because of this, very few have survived. 

Winton is well known as an area where dinosaur fossils are found, but this was the first pterosaur discovered here.

Marginal propensity to consume

In economics, the marginal propensity to consume (MPC) is a measurement that can put induced consumption into numbers. Induced consumption is the idea that an increase in personal consumer spending (consumption) happens with an increase in disposable income (income after taxes and transfers). The proportion of disposable income which people spend on consumption is called the propensity to consume. MPC is the proportion of more income that a person spends. For example, if a household earns one extra dollar of disposable income, and the marginal propensity to consume is 0.65, then the household will spend 65 cents and save 35 cents of that dollar. Obviously, the household cannot spend "more" than the extra dollar (without borrowing).

John Maynard Keynes says that the marginal propensity to consume is less than one.

The MPC is higher for poorer people than in rich.

Mathematically, the formula_1 function is written as the derivative of the consumption function formula_2 with respect to disposable income formula_3, i.e., the instantaneous slope of the formula_2-formula_3 curve.

or, approximately,

Marginal propensity to consume can be found by dividing change in consumption by a change in income, or formula_10. The MPC can be explained with the simple example:
Here formula_11; formula_12
Therefore, formula_13 or 83%.
For example, suppose you receive a bonus with your paycheck, and it's $500 on top of your normal annual earnings. You now have $500 more in income than you did before. If you decide to spend $400 of this marginal increase in income on something, your marginal propensity to consume will be 0.8 (formula_14).



Consumer spending

Consumer spending, consumption, or consumption expenditure is when people buy goods and services. It is the biggest part of aggregate demand in macroeconomics. There are two parts of consumer spending: induced consumption (which is changed by the level of income) and autonomous consumption (which is not).

In the United States, the Consumer Spending figure published by the Bureau of Economic Analysis includes three big categories of personal spending.

Aggregate demand

In macroeconomics, Aggregate Demand (AD) or Domestic Final Demand (DFD) is the total demand for final goods and services in an economy at a time. This is the demand for the gross domestic product of a country. It shows the amount of goods and services that will be bought at all possible different prices.


Tommy Douglas

Thomas Clement Douglas (20 October 1904 – 24 February 1986) was a Canadian socialist politician from Saskatchewan. 

Douglas founded a political party called the CCF representing socialism and the working class. Douglas was elected Premier of Saskatchewan and created universal healthcare for it. Douglas’s health plan was copied by other provinces and spread to all of Canada. Douglas also created a Socialist political party called the New Democratic Party or NDP. 

Douglas is generally very respected because he created Canada’s universal healthcare system but recently some people have suggested that he should not be that praised because in the 1930’s he was a supporter of eugenics.

Douglas died of cancer on 24 February 1986, at the age of 81 in Ottawa. His daughter, Shirley Douglas, was an actress.

Isaac Promise

Promise Isaac (2 December 1987 – 2 October 2019) was a Nigerian football player. He last played for Austin Bold FC in the USL Championship. He was the captain of the football team representing Nigeria that won the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. 

He played professionally for 14 seasons, much of which was spent in Turkey. He scored a total of 77 club goals during his career. Promise was born in Zaria, Nigeria.

Isaac died of a heart attack on October 2, 2019 in Austin, Texas, at age 31.


Hu Yamei

Hu Yamei (; 27 April 1923 – 3 October 2019) was a Chinese physician and medical researcher. She was President of Beijing Children's Hospital, and co-founded Beijing Hu Yamei Children's Medical Research Institute (BHI). She was an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering from 1994 through 2019. She researched leukemia and she cured more than 700 children.

Hu died of illness in Beijing on 3 October 2019, aged 96.


Pedro Passos Coelho

Pedro Manuel Mamede Passos Coelho (; born 24 July 1964) is a Portuguese politician and university teacher. He was the 118th Prime Minister of Portugal, in office from 2011 to 2015. He was the leader of the Social Democratic Party (PSD) between 2010 and 2018.

Pedro Santana Lopes

Pedro Miguel de Santana Lopes GCC (; born 29 June 1956), a Portuguese lawyer and politician. He was Prime Minister of Portugal from 2004 to 2005.

José Sócrates

José Sócrates Carvalho Pinto de Sousa, GCIH (born 6 September 1957), commonly known as José Sócrates (), is a Portuguese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Portugal from 12 March 2005 to 21 June 2011. In 2007, he acted as the President-in-Office of the Council of the European Union.

In April 2021, the court ruled José Socrates will be tried for acts of money laundering and falsification of documents but was dismissed for three charges of corruption.

Maria de Lourdes Pintasilgo

Maria de Lourdes Ruivo da Silva de Matos Pintasilgo, (); (Abrantes, São João Baptista, 18 January 1930 – Lisbon, 10 July 2004) was a Portuguese chemical engineer and politician. She was the first and to date only woman to serve as Prime Minister of Portugal, and the second woman to serve as Prime Minister in Western Europe, after Margaret Thatcher.

Maria de Lourdes Pintasilgo died of cardiac arrest at her home in Lisbon on 10 July 2004, aged 74.

Carlos Mota Pinto

Carlos Alberto da Mota Pinto, , , (; Pombal, 25 July 1936 – Coimbra, 7 May 1985) was a Portuguese professor and politician.

Alfredo Nobre da Costa

Alfredo Jorge Nobre da Costa, (Lisbon, Lapa, 10 September 1923 — Lisbon, 4 February 1996), commonly known just by Nobre da Costa (), was a Portuguese engineer and politician.


Mountain View Unit

The Mountain View Unit is a women's prison in Gatesville, Texas, USA. The murderer of Selena Quintanilla was held there.

Europa Universalis IV

Europa Universalis IV (EU4 in short) is a video game in the Europa Universalis set of games. It is made by Paradox Interactive. It came out in August 2013. The game is a strategy game. Players can play as a country between the years of 1444 and 1821. Players can trade, build colonies, and fight other countries in war.

Eisenhower Executive Office Building

The Eisenhower Executive Office Building, formerly known as the Old Executive Office Building, and the State, War, and Navy Building, is a U.S. government building situated just west of the White House in the U.S. capital of Washington, D.C.

The building was commissioned by President Ulysses S. Grant. It was built between 1871 and 1888, on the site of the original 1800 War/State/Navy Building and the White House stables. It is built in the French Second Empire style which caused a lot of criticism at the time. It did not fit in with other government buildings in the city which were designed in the neoclassical style. Mark Twain said it was "the ugliest building in America." President Harry S. Truman called it "the greatest monstrosity in America." Historian Henry Adams called it Mullett's “architectural infant asylum.”

It is now listed as a National Historic Landmark. 

It was for years the world's largest office building, with 566 rooms and about ten acres of floor space. In 1981, work began to restore the building. The main office of the Secretary of the Navy was restored in 1987 and is now used as the ceremonial office of the Vice President of the United States. Many White House employees have their offices in the EEOB.

Congerville, Illinois

Congerville is a village in Illinois in the United States. It is in Woodford County.

Ord, Nebraska

Ord is a city in Valley County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 2,113 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Valley County.


Hubert Blaine Wolfeschlegelsteinhausenbergerdorff Sr.

Hubert Blaine Wolfe­schlegel­stein­hausen­berger­dorff Sr. (a.k.a. Hubert Wolfstern, Hubert B. Wolfe + 988 Sr., Hubert Blaine Wolfe+585 Sr., and Hubert Blaine Wolfe+590 Sr., among others) is the shortened name of a man who has had the record for the longest personal name ever used. Hubert's given name is made up from 27 names. Each of those names start with a different letter of the alphabet in alphabetical order; these are followed by an very longword surname. No one can agree on the exact length and spelling of his it. This is because it has been spelled differently over the years. Many of those spellings have mistakes in them. One of the longest and most reliable published versions, with a 988-letter surname, is:

Wolfe­schlegel­stein­hausen­berger­dorff was born in Bergedorf (now part of Hamburg), Germany. Later, he moved to Philadelphia in the United States. His birthdate has been given as February 29, 1904. However, he was also reported to be age 47 in a 1964 story. Philadelphia County death records list a birthdate of August 4, 1914.
He is also known to have been a member of the American Name Society for a while.

His name first got attention when it was shown in the 1938 Philadelphia telephone directory on page 1292, column 3, line 17, and in a court order of judge John Boyle of May 25, 1938: "Wolfe­schlegel­stein­hausen­berger­dorff, Jr., etc., vs. Yellow Cab Co., petition for compromise settlement granted"—with people believing that the case was settled because "they couldn't pronounce it".

In the 1970s and 1980s, Wolfe­schlegel­stein­hausen­berger­dorff appeared in the "Guinness Book of World Records" as having the longest personal name. His picture was taken for the book in front of a New York City marquee displaying his name. His name was misspelled. but was all of this true?

Lucy Flores

Lucy Flores (born October 24, 1979) is an American lawyer and politician. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She was a member of the Nevada State Assembly representing the 28th district from 2011 to 2015. She was an unsuccessful candidate for lieutenant governor in 2014. She was born in Glendale, California.

In March 2019, Flores wrote an op-ed for "New York" magazine's "The Cut" alleging then Vice President Joe Biden "inappropriately kissed and touched her after he offered to help her with her 2014 campaign" while the two were at a Las Vegas campaign rally.


Iliad Italia

Iliad Italia S.p.A. is an Italian telephone company, part of the Iliad SA group.

In December 2022, with 9.56 million active lines, it is the fourth mobile operator in Italy following Wind Tre, TIM and Vodafone Italy.

Iliad Italia was founded in 2016 as an Italian subsidiary of the French group Iliad SA. In 2017, in view of the launch and in compliance with the provisions of the European Commission, the acquisition of the frequencies ceased by Wind Tre began following the merger of Wind and 3 Italy; as of 31 December 2017, Iliad has acquired almost 300 of the sites abandoned by Wind Tre, while the remaining will be transferred, according to the agreements, by the end of 2019.

The French holding said it would invest more than €1 billion for the launch and development of the new Italian mobile operator (including those to win the new 5G frequencies in Italy) and also expected about a thousand hires.

On 16 January 2018 the name of the Italian administrator of Iliad Italia, Benedetto Levi, was officially announced, together with the presentation of the new logo and the institutional website. As part of the implementation of the infrastructures required to cover the Italian territory with its own network, on 16 February 2018, an agreement was reached with the Spanish group Cellnex, which provides Iliad Italia with over 7700 cellular antennas in Italy. Finally, on 29 May 2018, the official launch of the operator takes place, in conjunction with the presentation of the commercial offer and the start of the sale of SIM cards with new numbers or to carry out the number portability from other phone operators. On 18 July 2018, just under two months after its launch, Iliad Italia officially announced that it had reached one million customers between requests for portability and new subscriptions. On 4 September 2018, the Iliad group releases the results of the first half of 2018, reporting the achievement – by early August – of one and a half million customers in Italy; actually, on 6 September 2018, Iliad Italia issues a press release confirming the achievement of two million customers.

Iliad introduced the Simboxes in Italy, a new type of sales point, conceived and created by the French group, "Aures" and already in use since 2014 on the French market by Free Mobile; these are SIM card vending machines, which allow customers to register and purchase it independently.

Iliad signed an agreement, respectively, with Cellnex (February 2018) and INWIT (February 2019) in order to install its antennas on their towers.

Iliad Italia utilises, inter alia, CommScope telecommunications equipment and collaborates with Cisco Systems (April 2019) and Nokia (September 2019) to implement a state-of-the-art national network (IPv6) in Italy based on segment routing (SRv6) and to achieve its 5G network.

Paisley (design)

Paisley means a distinctive intricate pattern of curved feather-shaped figures based on an Indian pine-cone design.
For example "a paisley silk tie"

Body positivity

Body positivity is a social movement that believes that people should have a positive body image. The movement says that people should accept their body, no matter what it looks like. Society has always had certain expectations, what a body is supposed to look like. Fashion designers in particular have expectations of what a human body is supposed to look like. Most people look different, and according to body positivity they should not feel bad because they do.

Varsity Blues

Varsity Blues is a 1999 American comedy and drama sports movie. It is about a small town high school football team and their coach.

Jonathan "Mox" Moxon is an intelligent and academically talented quarterback on the West Canaan High School football team. But although he is popular at school, has a smart girlfriend and has easy friendships with other players, he isn't satisfied with his life. He wants to attend Brown University in Rhode Island. He is constantly disagreeing with his football-obsessed father Sam.

The verbally abusive Bud Kilmer cares just for winning, and at all costs. Kilmer has won two state titles and 22 district championships. His philosophy, though, begins taking a toll on the team's all state starting quarterback, Lance Harbor. Harbor is Jules's brother.


The movie opened at #1 at the United States' box office. It made $17.5 million in its opening week.

Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" said in his review: "Scenes work, but they don't pile up or build momentum." 


John Kirby (lawyer)

John Joseph Kirby Jr. (October 22, 1939 – October 2, 2019) was an American attorney. He was known for his successful defense for Nintendo against Universal City Studios over the copyrights of the character of Donkey Kong in 1984. In return, Nintendo named the character Kirby to honor him.

Kirby died on October 2, 2019 in New York City from myelodysplastic syndrome-related problems at the age of 79.


John Buchanan

John MacLennan Buchanan, (April 22, 1931 – October 3, 2019) was a Canadian lawyer and former politician. He was the 20th Premier of Nova Scotia from 1978 to 1990 and as a member of the Senate of Canada from 1990 to 2006. Buchanan was born in Sydney, Nova Scotia.

Buchanan died on October 3, 2019 at the age of 88.

Ignacio Noguer Carmona

Ignacio Noguer Carmona (13 January 1931 – 3 October 2019) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1956. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Guadix, Spain from 1976 to 1990. He then was coadjutor bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Huelva, Spain from 1990 to 1993 and was bishop of the Huelva Diocese from 1993 to 2006.

Noguer Carmona was born in Seville, Spain. He died on 3 October 2019 in Huelva, Spain at the age of 88.

Alberto Testa (dancer)

Alberto Testa (23 December 1922 – 4 October 2019) was an Italian dancer, choreographer, dance critic and teacher. He was born in Turin. He choreographed many ballets of operatic music, and worked on movies mainly with Franco Zeffirelli and Luchino Visconti.

Testa died in Turin on October 4, 2019 of pneumonia at the age of 96.

2019 college admissions bribery scandal

The 2019 college admissions bribery scandal was a conspiracy for influencing undergraduate admissions decisions at several American top universities. The investigation into the conspiracy was called Operation Varsity Blues (it was named after the movie "Varsity Blues").

The Federal Bureau of Investigation said that starting in 2011, at least 51 parents of high school school students conspired to use bribery and other forms of fraud to illegally have their children admitted to top universities and colleges. The case is the largest of its kind to be prosecuted by the US Justice Department.<ref name="USA today Huffman/Loughlin"></ref>

Princess Marie of Hesse and by Rhine (1874-1878)

Marie of Hesse and by Rhine was the youngest child of Princess Alice and Louis IV of Hesse. 

In 1878, diphtheria swept through Hesse. Marie, together with her brother Ernst, and her sisters Victoria, Irene and Alix, fell ill. She died of diphtheria at the age of four and was buried with her mother, who died a few weeks later of the same disease.


Apostasy

Apostasy is a term used in a religious context, for leaving one's religion. Usually it means moving to another religion. Someone who does this is called an apostate. Apostasy is different from heresy: A heretic only questions one (or more) of the traditions and beliefs of their religion. An apostate questions all of them. 

The word was first used in Christianity: In the Roman Catholic Church the punishment for apostasy is excommunication. Today, the word is used mostly in the context of apostasy in Islam. 

Sometimes the term is used as a metaphor to refer to changing a non-religious belief or cause, such as a political party or a sports team.

Apostasy in Islam;

A person who rejects, underestimates, mocks or disrespects religious orders defined as fard or sunnah in fiqh or speaks words called "alfaz-i kufr" is called apostate. According to the Sharia law, the penalty is death.

Masum Babul

Masum Babul (31 December 1962 - 6 March 2023) was a Bangladeshi movie dance director and choreographer. He won Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Choreography twice for the film "Dola" (1993) and "Ki Jadu Karila" (2008). He also best known for the film Beder Meye Josna (1989), Koti Takar Kabin (2006) and Bikkhov (1994).
Babul died on 6 March 2023, at the age of 60.

Todor Burmov

Todor Stoyanov Burmov (; 14 January 1834 – 7 November 1906) was a Bulgarian politician. He was a member of the Conservative Party and the first Prime Minister of Bulgaria when it became independent, in 1879.

House of Orange-Nassau

The House of Orange-Nassau is a branch of the European house of Nassau.

Eastern cottontail

The Eastern cottontail ("Sylvilagus floridanus") is a New World cottontail rabbit, a member of the family Leporidae. It is the most common rabbit species in North America.


Brasso, Trinidad and Tobago

Brasso is a city in Trinidad and Tobago. It is in the Couva–Tabaquite–Talparo region.

Yosemite Sam

Yosemite Sam is an Academy Award-winning cartoon character who starred in the "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" series of Warner Bros.. He was created by Friz Freleng. He's small man with an reddish orange mustache. He is one of Bugs Bunny's enemies.

Herry Monster

Herry Monster is a Sesame Street Muppet with light blue fur, long, purple nose, and the black bushy eyebrows. Herry was a Sesame Street star for three decades. Once 2000's came, Herry Monster is no longer a Sesame Street star.

Borex

Borex is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Bursinel

Bursinel is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Bursins

Bursins is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Burtigny

Burtigny is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Chavannes-de-Bogis

Chavannes-de-Bogis is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Chavannes-des-Bois

Chavannes-des-Bois is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Chéserex

Chéserex is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Coinsins

Coinsins is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Bonfield, Illinois

Bonfield is a village of Illinois in the United States.

Harrisburg, Nebraska

Harrisburg is a census-designated place (CDP) in and the county seat of Banner County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 99 at the 2020 census.

Broadlands, Illinois

Broadlands is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Savoy, Illinois

Savoy is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Garden City, Texas

Garden City is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Glasscock County. The population was 334 at the 2020 census.

Alma, Illinois

Alma is a village in Illinois in the United States. The population was 318 at the 2020 census.

Crans-près-Céligny

Crans-près-Céligny (French for "Crans near Céligny") is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Coulterville, Illinois

Coulterville is a village in Randolph County, Illinois, United States. The population was 834 at the 2020 census.

Pine marten

The pine marten ("Martes martes") is an animal native to Northern Europe. Alternative names (less often used) are European pine marten, baum marten, sweet marten.It belongs in the mustelid family, which also includes mink, otter, badger, wolverine, and weasel.

Martens are small predators which also eat berries, birds' eggs, nuts, and honey. They move on the ground and in trees. Their natural habitat is in pine forests. Their main enemies are said to be the gamekeepers on highland estates. In the United Kingdom, pine martens and their dens have protection under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and the Environmental Protection Act 1990.

Calzedonia Ocean Girls

Calzedonia Ocean Girls was an Italian reality television series. The show, presented by Simone Annicchiarico, was broadcast on Sky Uno/Cielo in 2014.



Geometer moth

Geometer moths are a large family of moths in the Lepidoptera. Over 23,000 species have been described. Most of them are nocturnal: only a few are active during the day. 

The imagos (adults) have wingspans between and . Their caterpillars move in a special way, they seem to "measure the earth". For this reason, the caterpillars are sometimes called inchworms. 

A well-known species is the peppered moth ("Biston betularia"). Many species are classified as pests.

Many geometrids have slender abdomens and broad wings which are usually held flat with the hindwings visible. They look a bit like butterflies, but in most respects they are typical moths. Most fly at night. They have a frenulum to link the wings, and the antennae of the males are often feathered. They blend into the background with camouflage. In some species, females have reduced wings.

Most caterpillars have four pairs of feet in their central section but geometer moth caterpillars only have two. This means that they are unable to move like the other caterpillars. They use the front pair of feet to hold on to a support, and then they pull the rest of their body up close. Next, they use the pairs of feet in the back part of their body to hold on, and push the front part forward. This means they are often in a position which looks like the Greek letter Omega, as can be seen in the photo. 

Key derivation function

In cryptography, a key derivation function (KDF) makes a long secret key (which is called a "hash") from a secret phrase, like a password. The output of a key derivation function will look common to another result made from a random phrase. They are also used to re-use secret keys in a specific format, like using a shared secret key from the Diffie–Hellman key exchange for sending secrets in AES.

Key derivation functions are important in security. They allow a smaller "secret phrase" to be expanded into a larger key (of a fixed length decided by the KDF's digest size). This makes trying to find the original "secret phrase" more difficult. The length of the key makes it more difficult to discover the phrase or the hidden secret by trial and error (i.e. through brute-forcing), by making it difficult for a computer to guess. Sometimes, a small piece of random data (called a "salt") is added to the secret phrase before it is used with a KDF to make it more difficult guess the original "secret phrase" with a list of known "hashes".

It makes checking passwords safer without using the real password. Instead of keeping the real password, a "hash" of the key is kept and when checking the password, the "hash" of the real password is checked with the input. Some software put a limit on the length of a password and is sometimes used to make larger secret phrases smaller. KDFs are also made in a way so that, it takes a computer some effort to make the "hash". This makes making a list of potential combinations difficult.


Addieville, Illinois

Addieville is a village in Washington County, Illinois, in the United States. Its population was 259 in 2020.

Addison, Illinois

Addison is a village in the Chicago metropolitan area, in DuPage County, Illinois in the United States. It had a 2020 population of 35,702.

Jah

Jah or Yah () is a short form of YHWH (יהוה), one of the personal names of God according to the Hebrew Bible.

Paddy

Paddy () are Belgian-French animated series from 1988. It has 26 episodes.

The main character is a boy named Paddy, who lives with his sister Melodie on his grandparents' farm. Paddy experiences a variety of weird adventures with the animals around him, such as the talking raven Loewie, who constantly makes funny jokes. He also often has trouble with a neighboring boy, Fred. Only Paddy can evoke a mysterious blue man, Onyx, who has magical abilities and solves problems for Paddy.

Mondo Media

Mondo Media is an American company that produces animation targeted at young adults.

Piedmontese language

The Piedmontese language is a Gallo-Romance language spoken in Piedmont. The Council of Europe officially recognised it as a minority language in the 1980s. It is classified as an endangered language. In 2019, there were between 700,000 and 2 million speakers.
Piedmontese has been in use since the 12th century. There are poems and literature, starting from the 16th century. In the 15th or 16th century, local authorities switched to the Italian language, which is based on the dialects of Tuscany. When the Italian state was founded in 1861, Italian was chosen as a national language. With urbanization, and mass media, Piedmontese was a loser again, Italian was more popular, and could reach more people.

Browns, Illinois

Browns is a village of Illinois in the United States.

Inverness, Illinois

Inverness is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States.

Ford Heights, Illinois

Ford Heights (formerly East Chicago Heights) is a village of Illinois in the United States.

Stickney, Illinois

Stickney is a village of Illinois in the United States.

Riverside, Illinois

Riverside is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States.

London Stadium

London Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located at Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in Stratford, London. It was the main stadium for the London 2012 Olympic Games. It used to be called Olympic Stadium and the Stadium at Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park.

On 22 March 2013, West Ham United secured a 99-year lease on the Olympic Stadium, with it planned to be used as the football club's home ground from the 2016-17 season. In September 2015, the British Government rejected holding an inquiry into the arrangement that was pressed for by rival clubs who argued West Ham United were being given an unfair advantage.

On 8 May 2018, Major League Baseball announced a two-year deal to host a series of baseball games at the London Stadium in 2019 and 2020. The Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees (a major rivalry in the American League) played a two-game series at the stadium from 29 to 30 June 2019, branded as the 2019 MLB London Series.

The London Stadium has occasionally held concerts since the end of the Olympics in 2012.

Northern goshawk

The northern goshawk ("Accipiter gentilis") is a medium-large raptor in the family Accipitridae. 

There are other species in this genus, but this bird is spoken of as "the" goshawk because it has a wide range over most of Europe, Eurasia and North America. Probably only the golden eagle has a wider range.

The goshawk is a "true hawk", and its scientific name in Latin is "Accipiter", which means "hawk". 

In the Middle Ages only the nobility were permitted to fly goshawks for falconry.

It is mainly a resident bird, but those from colder regions migrate south for the winter. In North America, migratory goshawks are often seen migrating south along mountain ridge tops at nearly any time of the fall, depending on latitude.

Lake Aluma, Oklahoma

Lake Aluma is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Milburn, Oklahoma

Milburn is a town in Johnston County in the state of Oklahoma in the United States. It is along the Blue River. There were 252 people living there at the 2020 census.

Russellville, Illinois

Russellville is a village in Illinois in the United States.

COX-2 inhibitors

COX-2 inhibitors are a special type of analgesic. Cyclooxygenase (commonly abbreviated as COX) is an enzyme that has an important role in starting an inflammation and pain. There are many different types of COX; the most common are known as COX-1 and COX-2. NSAIDs work by blocking COX. The problem with blocking all COX is that COX-1 is also used to regulate kidney function. Blocking COX-1 runs the risk of bleeding of the stomach, and reduction of the kidney function. COX-2 inhibitors only block COX-2, and do not have an effect on COX-1.. Clinical studies have shown that they increase the risk of a heart attack, and of a stroke. Several COX-2 inhibitors have been taken off the market, because of these side-effects. 

Other than as an analgesic, COX-2 inhibitors have also been used in the treatment of cancer, and of some neurological conditions, such as depression, and schizophrenia.

Because of the severe side-effects, COX-2 inhibitors are usually only available with a prescription.

Cornelia Cole Fairbanks

Cornelia "Nellie" Cole Fairbanks (January 14, 1852 – October 24, 1913) was the second lady of the United States from 1905 to 1909 as the wife of the 26th vice president of the United States, Charles W. Fairbanks.

She was born in 1852 and attended Ohio Wesleyan University.

She got married in 1874 to Charles W. Fairbanks and had five children. She died in 1913.

Mehmed V

Mehmed V Reşâd (2 November 1844 – 3 July 1918) was the 35th Sultan of the Ottoman Empire. He reigned from 27 April 1909 to 3 July 1918. He was born in Istanbul in 1844 and died in 1918 at the age of 73. From 1911-1913 the Italians took Libya and the Balkans had formed a Christian coalition and started a war with the Ottoman Empire. It pushed the Ottomans away back to Anatolia and Egypt. He was involved in World War 1 in the Caucasus Campaign (Russo-Turkish War: 1914-1918) fighting the Russian Empire as well as the Gallipoli Campaign fighting the British Empire and France. He was also involved in the Russian Revolution during The Great War but was not involved in the Armenian genocide by Enver Pasha.

Economic surplus

An economic surplus is when you have more of something in the economy than people demand. There are two types: 

Consumers' surplus is the gain by consumers who can buy a product for less than the highest price that they would be willing to pay.

Producers' surplus is the amount got by producers who sell at a market price higher than the least they would be willing to sell for.

Mino Caprio

Mino Caprio born as Guglielmo Caprio (Rome, November 1955) is an Italian actor and voice actor.

He is the Italian voice of Peter Griffin from the cartoon Family Guy.

Davide Garbolino

Davide Garbolino (1968) is an italian voice actor.

He voiced many young characters in fiction as Ash Ketchum from Pokémon and Nobita Nobi from Doraemon.

Simone D'Andrea

Simone D'Andrea (Milano,1973) is an Italian voice actor.

He is the italian voice of James from Pokémon. 

He is married with the voice actress Cristiana Rossi.

Cristiana Rossi

Cristiana Rossi (1973) is an Italian voice actress.

She is the wife of the voice actor Simone D'Andrea.

Gianluca Iacono

Gianluca Iacono (Turin,1970) is an Italian voice actor and speaker.

He is better know for his role as Vegeta from Dragon Ball.

Alessandra Karpoff

Alessandra Karpoff (Milan,1963) is an Italian voice actress.

She is better known for her roles in Italian dubs of various anime as Misty from Pokémon.

Franco Zucca

Franco Zucca (Trieste, 26 August 1952 – Trieste 24 July 2022) was an Italian voice actor.

Pietro Ubaldi

Pietro Ubaldi (Milan, September 21 1955) is an Italian voice actor and singer and comedian.

Pietro Ubaldi is born in Milan on September 21 1955. He is the italian voice of Patrick Star from Spongebob, Doraemon from Doraemon and Reinhardt from Overwatch.

Tex Willer

Tex Willer is a fiction character from the comic Tex. 

He is a fictional Texas Ranger.

He is one of the most famous italian comic characters.

Martin Mystère

Martin Mystère is a fiction character from The Martin Mystère comics,where is the main character.

Martin is a fictional detective from New York born on 26th june 1942,his job is to investigate weird cases,usually accompanied with the caveman Java. 
He is one of the most known italian comic characters.

Martin appared also in the animated series Martin Mystery,where is a student.

Gino the Chicken

Gino the Chicken ( in Italian) is an satirical Italian television series. Originally it was a internet meme, only later it become a television series.


VIP my Brother Superman

VIP: My Brother Superman (Italian: VIP, mio fratello superuomo) is a 1968 Italian animated film directed by Bruno Bozzetto. It is a parody of superheroes and enjoyed a good commercial and critical success. In 2008 it was produced a spin-off TV-series in 3D animation, PsicoVip.

PsicoVip

PsicoVip is an Italian 3D animated cartoon from 2008. 

It's based on 1968 movie VIP my Brother Superman.

Monster Allergy (TV series)

Monster Allergy is an Italian 2005 animated television series, produced by Rainbow S.p.A..

Monster Allergy is based on the comic book series of the same name. The series follows 12-year-old Ezekiel Zick (called Zick) who suffers from various allergies and has the ability to see the invisible monsters that live among us. Along with help of his best friend, Elena Potato and his talking cat, Timothy, Zick hopes to hone his powers to one day become a Monster Tamer just like his dad, Zobedja Zick.

Prisočka

Prisočka (Присочка) is populated place in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Republika Srpska, Kotor Varoš Municipality.

The administrative area of Prisočka includes a dozene villages; the larger is Palivuk.



List of Starla episodes

This is a list of episodes of "Starla" which currently airs on ABS-CBN's "Primetime Bida" evening block since October 7, 2019. The series is directed by Onat Diaz, Darnel Joy R. Villaflor, and Jerome Chavez Pobocan.
<onlyinclude>

Robert Edmond Grant

Robert Edmond Grant MD FRCPEd FRS FRSE FZS FGS (11 November 1793 – 23 August 1874) was a British anatomist and zoologist.

Mad scientist

A mad scientist is a fictional character who is a genius, but who wants to find out and do what no one else ever has and often what he should not. The character Victor Frankenstein is often said to be the first mad scientist, though Coppelius from The Sandman (short story) could also be called a mad scientist and The Sandman was published a year before Frankenstein was. 

They often work with fictional technology, they either fail to recognise the dangers of their actions or don't care about the consequences, and some attempt to play God.

Mad scientists are often shown as evil (evil genius) or insane. Some may be neutral or good, even if their actions are dangerous and irresponsible, which can make them mad scientists.

Victor Frankenstein

Victor Frankenstein is a fictional character in the book Frankenstein by Mary Shelley. He creates a monster by putting together dead parts into a body and then bringing the body to life, but is scared by how ugly the monster is and abandons it. The Monster comes back and asks for a wife. Victor creates a female monster but then destroys her instead of bringing her to life. The Monster gets revenge by killing everyone Victor Frankenstein ever cared about. Victor wants revenge on the Monster but dies of pneumonia before he can get it.

Bushwhacker

Bushwhacking was a kind of guerrilla warfare. It happened a lot during the American Revolutionary War, American Civil War and other wars in which there were big areas of disagreeable land and few governmental resources to control them. This was very common in rural areas during the Civil War where there were disagreements between those who liked the Union and Confederacy in the war. The perpetrators of the attacks were called bushwhackers. The term "bushwhacking" is still in use today to describe ambushes done with the goal of attrition.


Gungnir

Gungnir is the mighty spear of the major Norse mythology god, Odin, which was fashioned for him by the dwarves known as the "Sons of Ivaldi" and is said to never miss its target.

Memories (Maroon 5 song)

"Memories" is a song by American pop rock band Maroon 5. It was released on September 20, 2019. The song is about loss and remembering people who have died. It uses the chord progression of Pachelbel's "Canon" but in G# minor instead of B minor.

On the October 7, 2019, episode of "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", frontman Adam Levine revealed that he was inspired to write the song after his close friend and Maroon 5's manager, Jordan Feldstein, died in 2017. Feldstein was also the older brother of actor Jonah Hill.

Spencer Breslin

Spencer Breslin (born May 18, 1992) is an American actor and musician. He is the older brother of actress Abigail Breslin.

Beginning at the age of three, Breslin acted in over 50 commercials. He is best known for his roles in the feature films "Disney's The Kid" (co-starring at the age of eight with Bruce Willis), "The Santa Clause 2: The Mrs. Clause" and "" (as Curtis the Elf), "Return to Neverland", "The Cat in the Hat", "Raising Helen", "", "The Shaggy Dog", "Harold", ""The Happening"", and "Perfect Sisters". His television credits include "Teamo Supremo", "Stephen King's Storm of the Century", and "Law & Order". Movies in which he has acted have taken in a worldwide box office of over $1.3 billion.

William Kaelin Jr.

William "Bill" G. Kaelin Jr. (born November 23, 1957) is an American professor of medicine at Harvard University and the Dana–Farber Cancer Institute. His laboratory studies tumor suppressor proteins.

Kaelin Jr. won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2019 with Peter J. Ratcliffe and Gregg L. Semenza.

Peter J. Ratcliffe

Sir Peter John Ratcliffe, FRS, FMedSci (born 14 May 1954) is a British physician and scientist. He is trained as a nephrologist. He was a practicing clinician at the John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford and Nuffield Professor of Clinical Medicine and head of the Nuffield Department of Clinical Medicine at the University of Oxford from 2004 to 2016. 

In 2016 he became Clinical Research Director at the Francis Crick Institute, retaining a position at Oxford as member of the Ludwig Institute of Cancer Research and Director of the Target Discovery Institute, University of Oxford.

Ratcliffe was born in Morecambe, Lancashire. 

Ratcliffe is best known for his work on cellular reactions to hypoxia, for which he shared the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with William Kaelin Jr. and Gregg L. Semenza.

Hypoxia (medical)

Hypoxia is a condition in which the body or a part of the body is lacking oxygen supply at the tissue level. 

Hypoxia may be classified as either "generalized", affecting the whole body, or "local", affecting a region of the body. 


Gregg L. Semenza

Gregg Leonard Semenza (born July 1, 1956) is an American professor of pediatrics, radiation oncology, biological chemistry, medicine, and oncology at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. He is the director of the vascular program at the Institute for Cell Engineering. He is a 2016 recipient of the Lasker Award for Basic Medical Research. He is known for his discovery of HIF-1, which allows cancer cells to adapt to oxygen-poor environments. Semenza was born in New York City.

Semenza received the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for "discoveries of how cells sense and adapt to oxygen availability" with William Kaelin Jr. and Peter J. Ratcliffe.

Cain Hope Felder

Cain Hope Felder (June 9, 1943 - October 1, 2019) was an American biblical scholar. He was professor of New Testament language and literature and editor of "The Journal of Religious Thought" at the Howard University School of Divinity. 

He also was chair of the Doctor of Philosophy program and immediate past chair of the Doctor of Ministry program. He had been on Howard's faculty from 1981 until his retirement in 2016. 

Felder died on October 1, 2019 at his Mobile, Alabama at the age of 76.

Stephen J. Lukasik

Stephen Joseph "Steve" Lukasik (March 19, 1931 – October 3, 2019) was an American physicist. He worked in multiple high-level defense and scientific related jobs for advancing the technologies for national defense. He was the second longest serving Director of DARPA - the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. 

He was also the first Chief Scientist of the Federal Communications Commission where he created its Office of Science and Technology and which facilitated the commercial deployment of new technology that included spread spectrum technology. He was born in Staten Island, New York.

Lukasik died on October 3, 2019 in Fairfax, Virginia of respiratory failure at the age of 88.

Bill McKnight

William Hunter McKnight, (July 12, 1940 – October 4, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He was in the Canadian House of Commons from 1979 to 1993, and also was the Treaty Commissioner for the Province of Saskatchewan from 2007 through 2012. McKnight was born in Elrose, Saskatchewan. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada.

McKnight died in Saskatoon on October 4, 2019 at the age of 79.

Pepe Oneto

José Manuel Oneto Revuelta (14 March 1942 – 7 October 2019), better known as Pepe Oneto, was a Spanish journalist and writer. He was one of the greatest journalists during the Spanish transition to democracy. He was born in San Fernando, Cádiz, Spain. In 1974 he joined the staff of the magazine "Cambio 16", becoming its director in 1976. In 1986 he joined the Zeta Group, going on to run the magazine "Tiempo", until 1996.

He was also Director of Informational at Antena 3 Televisión between 1996 and 1998. In 2000, and again in 2016, he was appointed member of the Board of Directors of Telemadrid.

Oneto died on 7 October 2019 at a hospital in San Sebastián, Spain at the age of 77 from sepsis caused by peritonitis.

Dennis Day (Mouseketeer)

Dennis W. Day (July 12, 1942 — July 17, 2018) was an American actor, singer, dancer and theater director. He was best known as one of the original cast members of "The Mickey Mouse Club". After ending his career as a child actor, he went on to work as a theater director before relocating to Oregon in the 1980s.

Day disappeared in July 2018 and was found dead several months later at his home in Phoenix, Oregon. A roommate was charged with his death in 2019.

Phoenix, Oregon

Phoenix is a city in Jackson County, Oregon, United States. The population was 4,475 at the 2020 census. Phoenix is a part of the Medford Metropolitan Statistical Area. Most of the town burned down on September 8, 2020, because of the Almeda fire. In 2019, a movie with the same name was released, becoming the highest-grossing film during the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Jackson County, Oregon

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the population was 223,259. The county seat is Medford. The county is named for Andrew Jackson, the seventh president of the United States.

Andy Buckley

Andrew P. Buckley Jr. (born February 13, 1965) is an American actor, screenwriter, and stockbroker. He is best known for his role as David Wallace on the American comedy series "The Office" from 2006 to 2013.

First battle of Panipat

Babur defeated Ibrahim Lodi in the first battle of Panipat in 1526. In this Babur used the Rumi (Ottoman) device of lashing a large number of carts to form a defending wall with breastwork in between to rest guns (Tughlama system of welfare). His artillery was led by Ustad Ali and Mustafa. It marked the beginning of the Mughal Empire. This was one of the earliest battles involving gun powder firearms and field artillery.

The Mughal forces of Babur, the Timurid ruler of Kabulistan, defeated the much larger ruling army of Ibrahim Lodi, Sultan of Delhi. The battle was fought on 21 April near the small village of Panipat, in the present day Indian state of Haryana, an area that has been the site of a number of decisive battles for the control of Northern India since the twelfth century.

The use of guns by troops of Babur helped them claim victory in the battle. The Lodi troops were lagging in terms of artillery skills and the sound emitted by canons frightened the war elephants of Lodi.

Luke

Luke may refer to:







Electronic Frontier Foundation

The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is an international non-profit based in San Francisco, United States. It was started in July 1990 by John Gilmore, John Perry Barlow and Mitch Kapor to promote Internet freedoms.

The EFF sponsors legal defense, defends individuals and new technology from unfair legal threats. It also monitors proposals that may weaken internet freedoms and liberties. It also monitors for possible weakening of fair use.

One of the first high profile cases of the EFF was "Steve Jackson Games, Inc. v. United States Secret Service." In early 1990, Steve Jackson Games was under a massive search and seizure operation. Copies of the game GURPS Cyberpunk was considered as proof by mistake. Emails were also modified and were a new technology at the time. It was not considered to be protected by the right to personal privacy at the time.

"Bernstein v. United States" was the second large case of the EFF. Programmer Daniel J. Bernstein had sued the US Government for permission to release his cryptographic software against limits put by the government.

During the mid-1990s, the United States Government did not allow for international use of any cryptographic product unless the ciphertext could be decrypted by a third-party with a promise that the government could not read messages protected by the Data Encryption Standard (DES) even after it was shown as weak and broken. The EFF had made a piece of hardware called the "EFF DES Cracker" that could crack a message within 24 hours.

The plans and source code were made public.

The EFF has made software and browser add-ons like Switzerland, HTTPS Everywhere, and Privacy Badger.

Photocopier

A photocopier (also called copier or copy machine) is a machine that copies words or pictures from one paper to another.

Jim Peebles

Phillip James Edwin Peebles (born April 25, 1935) is a Canadian-American physicist and theoretical cosmologist. He is currently the Albert Einstein Professor Emeritus of Science at Princeton University. 

Peebles was awarded half of the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2019 for his theoretical discoveries in physical cosmology. In November 2019, Peebles noted, in his award presentation, that he does not support the Big Bang Theory, due to the lack of concrete supporting evidence, and stated, "It's very unfortunate that one thinks of the beginning whereas in fact, we have no good theory of such a thing as the beginning."

Michel Mayor

Michel Gustave Édouard Mayor (born 12 January 1942) is a Swiss astrophysicist. He was professor emeritus at the University of Geneva's Department of Astronomy. He retired in 2007, but works as a researcher at the Observatory of Geneva. He is co-winner of the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physics, the 2010 Viktor Ambartsumian International Prize, and the winner of the 2015 Kyoto Prize.

Together with Didier Queloz in 1995 he discovered 51 Pegasi b, the first extrasolar planet orbiting a sun-like star, 51 Pegasi. Because of this, Mayor and Queloz won the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physics "for the discovery of an exoplanet orbiting a solar-type star".

Didier Queloz

Didier Patrick Queloz (born February 23, 1966) is a Swiss astronomer. He is a professor at the University of Geneva and the University of Cambridge and a fellow of Trinity. He shared the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physics with Michel Mayor and Jim Peebles.


E. D. Hirsch

E. D. Hirsch is Eric Donald Hirsch Jr. (; born March 22, 1928. He is an American educator and academic literary critic. He is professor emeritus of education and humanities at the University of Virginia. 

In the 1960s Hirsch's "Validity in Interpretation" made an important work to contemporary literary theory and he was called "the founder of contemporary intentionalism". 

In popular culture Hirsch is best known for his work on cultural literacy, and is the founder and chairman of the Core Knowledge Foundation. 
He is a long-term critic of American schools, and promotes ideas for improving the education of children. His "The Schools We Need: And Why We Don't Have Them" (1996) was hated by the liberal left. It also managed to annoy the right wing because it attacked the local control of schools. in 2016 he published " Why Knowledge Matters: Rescuing our Children from Failed Educational Theories". This outlined three major problems with education in the United States. These are, according to him, the emphasis on teaching skills, such as critical thinking skills, rather than knowledge, individualism rather than communal learning, and developmentalism, that is, teaching children what is "appropriate" for their age.

Beginning in 1990s, Hirsch began publishing books in the "Core Knowledge Grader Series" which the Foundation describes as "an engaging, illustrated guide to the essential knowledge outlined in the Core Knowledge Sequence". This series of books was received well by parents educating children at home, and it has been adopted by many school systems.
Sol Stern, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute who has written extensively on education reform, wrote in 2013 that Hirsch was "the most important education reformer of the past half-century."

Eduard Admetlla i Lázaro

Eduard Admetlla i Lázaro (10 January 1924 – 8 October 2019) was a Spanish scuba diver, underwater cameraman and photographer. He was the designer of a self-contained underwater breathing apparatus (scuba) and also was the tester of scuba diving gear for the Nemrod trade mark. He was born in Barcelona.

He wrote five books describing his underwater experiences: "La llamada de las profundidades", "Mis amigos los peces", "¡Fondo!", "Tierras y profundidades" and "Mi aventura submarina".

Admetlla i Lázaro died on 8 October 2019 in Barcelona at the age of 95.

Municipalities of Spain

The municipalities of Spain (, , , , , ; sing. "municipio") are towns or cities that have a ruling governor or mayor. If you have one of those your town or city is a municipality in Spain.


Vlasta Chramostová

Vlasta Chramostová (17 November 1926 – 6 October 2019) was a Czech movie actress. She appeared in 35 movies from 1950 until her death. She starred in the 1950 movie "The Trap" which was entered into the 1951 Cannes Film Festival. She was born in Brno.

Other movie roles include: "The Secret of Blood" (1953), "The Cassandra Cat" (1963), "The Cremator" (1969), "Sekal Has to Die" (1998) and "Leaving" (2011).

Chramostová died in Brno on 6 October 2019 at the age of 92.

Masaichi Kaneda

Kaneda died on October 6, 2019 in Tokyo of sepsis at the age of 86.

Martin Lauer

Karl Martin Lauer (2 January 1937 – 6 October 2019) was a West German sprinter. He won a gold medal in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in Cologne, Nordrhein-Westfalen.

Lauer died on 6 October 2019 at the age of 82.


Karen Pendleton

Karen Anita Pendleton (August 1, 1946 – October 6, 2019) was an American child television actress. She was the original "Mickey Mouse Club" Mouseketeer on ABC television from 1955 to 1959. She was one of only nine Mouseketeers who were on the show during its entire original run. Pendleton was born in Glendale, California.

Pendleton died in Fresno, California on October 6, 2019 from a heart attack at the age of 73.


David Petel

David Petel (, 6 September 1921 – 6 October 2019) was an Iraqi-born Israeli politician. He was a member of the Knesset for Mapai from 1959 until 1969. He was born in Basra, Iraq. He was a member of the Alignment after the Mapai party ended. Petel died in Ramat Gan on 6 October 2019 at the age of 98.

Estimator

In statistics, an estimator is a rule for calculating an estimate of a given amount based on observed data. The rule (the estimator), the amount that is being measured (the estimand) and its result (the estimate) are different.

An estimator of a parameter formula_1 is often written as formula_2. If the expected value of the estimator is equal to the parameter, then the estimator is called unbiased. Otherwise, it is called biased.



Statistical parameter

A statistical parameter or population parameter is an amount put into the probability distribution of a statistic or a random variable. It can be thought of as a numbered amount of a trait of a statistical population or a statistical model.

A statistical parameter is different from its estimator in that the parameter is a fixed amount, while the value of an estimator changes according to some probability distribution. The notations formula_1 (for the parameter) and formula_2 (for the estimator) are often used to clarify this distinction.


Efficiency (statistics)

In the comparison of statistical procedures, efficiency is a measure of an estimator's quality. This would be about the estimator of an experimental design, or of a hypothesis testing procedure. Basically, a more efficient estimator, experiment, or test needs fewer observations than a less efficient one to get a given performance.

Method of moments (statistics)

In statistics, the method of moments is a method of estimation of population parameters.

Suppose that the problem is to estimate formula_1 unknown parameters formula_2 describing the distribution formula_3 of the random variable formula_4. Suppose the first formula_1 moments of the true distribution (the "population moments") can be expressed as functions of the formula_6s:

Suppose a sample of size formula_8 is drawn, and it leads to the values formula_9. For formula_10, let 
be the "j"-th sample moment, an estimate of formula_12. The method of moments estimator for formula_13 denoted by formula_14 is defined as the solution (if there is one) to the equations: 

The method of moments is simple and gets consistent estimators (under very weak assumptions). However, these estimators are often biased.

IPhone 11

The iPhone 11 is a smartphone sold by Apple Inc. It replaced the iPhone X that was released in 2018. The iPhone 11 has two rear camera lenses but still has a 6.1-inch screen, like the X. It is available in purple, white, yellow, green, black, and PRODUCT(RED) finishes, with 64 GB, 128 GB, and 256 GB storage options. The starting price is US $699. It is the least expensive 2019 iPhone model, when compared to the iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Pro Max.

FightAIDS@Home

The FightAIDS@Home project uses the technique of distributed computing to find a way to eradicate the HIV.

FightAIDS@Home has been running since 2002 and joined World Community Grid on 21 November 2005.

The project uses the World Community Grid distributed computing platform that uses the well-known Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing distributed computing platform.


Andy Etchebarren

Andrew Auguste "Andy" Etchebarren (June 20, 1943 – October 5, 2019) was an American professional baseball player and minor league manager. He played as a catcher in Major League Baseball (MLB) for a total of 15 seasons for the Baltimore Orioles (1962 and 1965–75), California Angels (1975–77) and Milwaukee Brewers (1978).

Etchebarren died on October 5, 2019 in Santee, California at the age of 76.

Santee, California

Santee is a suburban city in San Diego County, California, with a population of 60,037 at the 2020 census.

Marcello Giordani

Marcello Giordani (born Marcello Guagliardo; 25 January 1963 – 5 October 2019) was an Italian operatic tenor. 

He sang leading roles of the Italian and French repertoire in opera houses throughout Europe and the United States. He worked with the New York Metropolitan Opera, where he sang in over 240 performances from the time of his debut there in 1993. He founded the Marcello Giordani Foundation to help young opera singers.

Giordani died on 5 October 2019 in Augusta, Sicily from a heart attack at the age 56.

Ella Vogelaar

Catharina Pieternella "Ella" Vogelaar (23 December 1949 – 7 October 2019) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the Labour Party (PvdA) and trade union leader. Vogelaar was born in Steenbergen, Netherlands. She was the Minister for Housing, Communities and Integration from February 2007 through November 2008.

Vogelaar killed herself on 7 October 2019 in Utrecht at the age of 69.

Black, Illinois

Black is an unincorporated community in Edwards County, Illinois, in the United States.

Adair, Illinois

Adair is an unincorporated census-designated place in McDonough County, Illinois, in the United States. It had a population of 212 in 2020.

Adams Corner, Illinois

Adams Corner is an unincorporated community in Wabash County, Illinois.

PlayStation 5

The PlayStation 5 (also known by the abbreviated name PS5) is the fifth home video game console made by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was released at the end of 2020. Most games from the PlayStation 4 work with it. There are two versions of the console, one with a Blu-ray optical disc drive that costs $500. The second version costs $400 and does not have the disc drive. On the version with no disc drive, games can only be bought and downloaded from the PlayStation Store.

As of January 2023, over 30 million PlayStation 5 consoles have been sold.

Generally considered one of the best non gaming feature of PS5 is it's streaming capability. Netflix, Hulu, Disney+, and other streaming platforms are available on PlayStation 5.

Remote Play is another feature of PS5. Using remote play you can play PS5 games on other compatible devices like PCs and mobile phone.

John B. Goodenough

John Bannister Goodenough (July 25, 1922 – June 25, 2023) was an American professor and solid-state physicist. He was a professor of mechanical engineering and materials science at The University of Texas at Austin. He is known for his creation of the lithium-ion battery, which is used on cellphones such as iphones.

In 2014, he won the Charles Stark Draper Prize for his works to the lithium-ion battery. In 2019, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with M. Stanley Whittingham and Akira Yoshino. At age 97, he is the oldest person to win a Nobel prize. His other works also focus on the field of magnetism.

He was a Professor at The University of Texas at Austin. During his time there, he has worked on research on ionic conducting solids and electrochemical devices. He wanted to study to fix materials for batteries to help create electric vehicles and help end the use of fossil fuels. Goodenough discovered the polyanion class of cathodes. They showed that positive electrodes having polyanions, sulfates, create higher voltages than oxides because of the inductive effect of the polyanion.

In 2011, Goodenough was honored with the National Medal of Science by President Barack Obama.

Goodenough was born in Jena, Germany, to American parents. During and after graduating from Yale University, Goodenough was a U.S. military meteorologist in World War II. He got a Ph.D. in physics from the University of Chicago. He became a researcher at MIT Lincoln Laboratory, and later the head of the Inorganic Chemistry Laboratory at the University of Oxford. He was married to Irene Wiseman from 1954 until her death in 2016.

Goodenough turned 100 in July 2022.

Goodenough died on June 25, 2023 in Austin, Texas at the age of 100.


M. Stanley Whittingham

M. Stanley Whittingham (born 22 December 1941) is an English-American chemist. He is currently a professor of chemistry and director of both the Institute for Materials Research and the Materials Science and Engineering program at Binghamton University, part of the State University of New York. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2019.

Cession

The act of cession is the transfer of property to another entity (person, country, etc.). In international law, it commonly refers to land transferred by a treaty. It is different from annexation, where property is taken by force. Cession is voluntary or is supposed to be.

Retrocession is to return something (e.g., land) that was ceded.


Spring River (Missouri)

The Spring River is a river in southwestern Missouri, southeastern Kansas, and northeastern Oklahoma. It is 


Deficit spending

Deficit spending is when someone is spending more money than they have. In other words, it is when there is more spending than there is revenue. It is also called simply deficit, or budget deficit. The opposite of a deficit is a budget surplus. The term may be used for the budget of a government, private company, or person.

Government deficit spending is a point of controversy in economics, with important economists having different views.


Monument Rocks (Kansas)

Monument Rocks (also Chalk Pyramids) are a series of big chalk formations in Gove County, Kansas. It has many fossils. The formations were the first landmark chosen by the US Department of the Interior as a National Natural Landmark. The chalk formations reach a height of up to . It includes formations such as buttes and arches. The carbonate deposits were laid down during the Cretaceous Period in what was then the Western Interior Seaway. It split the continent of North America into two landmasses. They are estimated to have been formed 80 million years ago.

On January 29, 2008, Monument Rocks, 25 miles south of Oakley, Kansas, and Castle Rock, 31 miles to the east, together were named as one of the 8 Wonders of Kansas.


Marija Pejčinović Burić

Marija Pejčinović Burić (; born 9 April 1963) is a Croatian politician. She was the 14th Minister of Foreign and European Affairs of Croatia and Deputy Prime Minister of Croatia from 19 June 2017 to 19 July 2019.

On 26 June 2019, she was elected as the 14th Secretary General of the Council of Europe. Pejčinović Burić's term began on 18 September 2019.

Halle and Landsberg attack

The 2019 Halle and Landsberg attack was a shooting incident that happened on 9 October 2019 in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Two people were killed, and two others were severely injured. 

The suspect was arrested later the same day. He is 27-year-old German, Stephan Balliet from Saxony-Anhalt. Federal investigators called the attack a far-right and antisemitic crime.

 

2019 Ecuadorian protests

The 2019 Ecuadorian protests are an ongoing series of protests and riots against the end of fuel subsidies and austerity measures by President of Ecuador Lenín Moreno and his administration.

The protests began on 3 October 2019, as taxi, bus and truck drivers came out in protest against the planned fuel subsidy abolition. Indigenous peoples groups joined the protests shortly thereafter, along with university students and labour unions. The protesters declared their plan to hold an indefinite general strike, which would last until the government overturned its decision. 

President Moreno declared a state of emergency on October 4, 2019, amid nationwide protests against a hike in fuel prices. The protests had weakened the country's transport network with all major roads and bridges blocked in the capital Quito.

Shortly thereafter, President Lenín Moreno refused to discuss a potential reversal of the fuel plans and called protesting crowds as "criminals".

On 8 October 2019, President Moreno said his government had relocated to the coastal city of Guayaquil after anti-government protesters had overrun the capital Quito. On the same day, President Moreno accused his predecessor Rafael Correa of creating a coup against the government with the help of Venezuela's Nicolás Maduro, a charge which Correa denied.

During the late-night hours of 13 October, the Ecuadorian government and CONAIE reached an agreement during a televised negotiation. Both parties agreed to collaborate on new economic measures to combat overspending and debt. The austerity measures were reversed. 

John M. Kosterlitz

John Michael Kosterlitz (born June 22, 1943) is a British-American physicist. He is a professor of physics at Brown University and the son of biochemist Hans Kosterlitz. He was awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize in physics along with David Thouless and Duncan Haldane for work on condensed matter physics.

Crassier

Crassier is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Messier 52

Messier 52 or M52 is also known as NGC 7654. It is an open cluster of stars in the northern constellation of Cassiopeia. It was discovered by Charles Messier on September 7, 1774. M52 can be seen from Earth with binoculars.

Messier 38

Messier 38 or M38, also known as NGC 1912, is an open cluster of stars in the constellation of Auriga. It is about away from Earth.

Drummond (provincial electoral district)

Drummond was an electoral district in the Centre-du-Québec region of Quebec, Canada, which elected members to the National Assembly of Quebec. Its last election had most of the city of Drummondville and all of Saint-Edmond-de-Grantham, Saint-Eugène, Saint-Germain-de-Grantham and Saint-Majorique-de-Grantham.

Olga Tokarczuk

Olga Nawoja Tokarczuk (; born 29 January 1962) is a Polish writer and activist. 

In 2018, she won the Man Booker International Prize for her novel "Flights", becoming the first Polish writer to do so. She was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature for the year 2018 (awarded in 2019).

Dully

Dully is a municipality in the district Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Mikhail Biryukov (tennis)

Mikhail Sergeyevich Biryukov (; 28 April 1992 – 4 October 2019) was a Russian junior tennis player. His highest ATP singles ranking was 292. After his retirement from professional tennis at age 22, he was a coach of under 16 player Alexey Zakharov. He was the son of four-time World Champion in modern pentathlon, Irina Kiseleva. He won the silver medal in the inaugural Youth Olympic Games held in Singapore.

On 4 October 2019, Biryukov was found dead in Moscow at the age of 27.

Yevgeny Bushmin

Yevgeny Viktorovich Bushmin (, 4 October 1958 – 6 October 2019) was a Russian politician. He was a Deputy of the 1st State Duma and Deputy Finance Minister. He was the member of the Federation Council of the Federal Assembly as the representative of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast. 

Bushmin died on 6 October 2019, two days after his 61st birthday, after a long-illness.

Ugo Colombo

Ugo Colombo (22 February 1940 – 10 October 2019) was an Italian racing cyclist. He rode the Giro d'Italia in 1964–1974 with Filotex, with the best result of third place in 1971, and the Tour de France in 1966–1968, placing tenth in 1968.

Colombo died on 10 October 2019 at the age of 79.

Andrés Gimeno

Andrés Gimeno Tolaguera (3 August 1937 – 9 October 2019) was a Spanish tennis player. In 1972, when he won the French Open and he was the oldest first-time grand slam champion of the open era at 34 years of age.

Gimeno died of cancer, on 9 October 2019, at the age of 82.

Jan Szyszko

Szyszko died on 9 October 2019 in Warsaw of a heart attack at the age of 75.


Louis-Christophe Zaleski-Zamenhof

Louis-Christophe Zaleski-Zamenhof (born Ludwik Krzysztof Zamenhof, 23 January 1925 – 9 October 2019) was a Polish-French civil and marine engineer of Jewish descent. He worked in the design of structural steel and concrete construction. Zaleski-Zamenhof wrote a foreword to "L'homme qui a défié Babel" ("The man who defied Babel", 2003), a French-language biography, by René Centassi and Henri Masson, of the originator of Esperanto.

J. P. Bonin, G. Deleuil and L. C. Zaleski-Zamenhof. "Foundation analysis of marine gravity structures submitted to cyclic loading." Offshore Technology Conference, Houston, Texas (1976). pp. 571–579 

Tony Hoar

Tony Hoar (10 February 1932 – 5 October 2019) was a British racing cyclist. He represented England in the road race at the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Vancouver, Canada.

He finished in last place in the 1955 Tour de France.

Hoar died on 5 October 2019 of cancer at the age of 87.

Blaine Lindgren

Harold Blaine Lindgren (June 26, 1939 – October 5, 2019) was an American sprinter. He competed mainly in the 110 m hurdles. He won this event at the 1963 Pan American Games. He won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

Lindgren died on October 5, 2019 in Salt Lake City, Utah at the age of 80.


Rolle

Rolle is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It was the capital of the district of Rolle until 2006, when it became part of the district of Nyon. It is on the northwestern shore of Lake Geneva ("Lac Léman") between Nyon and Lausanne. Rolle is about northeast of Geneva (Genève) in the La Côte wine-growing region, and has views of the high Alps. It has a population () of .


Essertines-sur-Rolle

Essertines-sur-Rolle is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Eysins

Eysins is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Founex

Founex is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Matteson, Illinois

Matteson is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States and southern suburb of Chicago. The population was 19,073 at the 2020 census.

Westchester, Illinois

Westchester is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. It is a western suburb of Chicago. The population was 16,892 at the 2020 census.

Worth, Illinois

Worth is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. It is a suburb of Chicago. The population was 10,970 at the 2020 census.


Genolier

Genolier is a municipality in the district Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Gilly

Gilly is a municipality in the district Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Gingins

Gingins is a municipality in the district Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Bo Horvat

Bo Horvat (born April 5, 1995) is an ice hockey player and the current captain of the Vancouver Canucks. He has played for the Canucks since 2014.

Treaty of Fontainebleau (1762)

The Treaty of Fontainebleau was a secret agreement in 1762. In this treaty, France ceded Louisiana to Spain. The treaty happened shortly after the last battle in the French and Indian War in North America. This battle was the Battle of Signal Hill, and it happened in September 1762. This battle strengthened British control of Canada. In Europe, the related Seven Years' War continued. Because France already lost Canada, King Louis XV of France proposed to King Charles III of Spain that France should give Spain "the country known as Louisiana, as well as New Orleans and the island in which the city is at." Louis proposed the cession on November 13 and Charles accepted on November 23, 1762.

Givrins

Givrins is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Alsey, Illinois

Alsey is a village in Illinois in the United States. It was originally called Smithfield.

Manchester, Illinois

Manchester is a village in Illinois in the United States.

List of County Highways in Douglas County, Kansas

Douglas County, Kansas, keeps many county highways to serve the rural areas and state parks of the county. It is one of a few of Kansas counties to do so.

The major county highways are built on a grid. East–west-oriented roads have a three-digit number beginning with the number "4" and ending in an even number. The further north the road, the lower the number; the further south, the higher the number. North–south-oriented roads have a four-digit number beginning with "10" and ending in an odd number. The further west the road, the lower the number; the further east, the higher the number.

There are also minor county roads with one or two digits that go a short distance or serve a state park.

None of the county highways enters Lawrence, the county seat.

The maximum speed limit on all county highways in Douglas County is .

Black Hills Corporation

Black Hills Corporation is an energy company that is an electric and gas utility in South Dakota and Wyoming. They sell power throughout the American West. They are in Rapid City, South Dakota.

It gets its name from its home in the Black Hills of South Dakota.


Exede

Exede Internet was launched in 2012 through ViaSat. It provides broadband internet to the United States. Exede service is powered by the ViaSat-1 satellite. ViaSat-1 earned the Guinness World Record title for the highest-capacity communications satellite. The Exede service currently serves 687,000 customers in the U.S.

Launched in 2012, Exede Internet is a broadband internet service that covers areas traditional internet service providers do not reach. In 2013, Exede introduced Exede Voice home service as a companion to the data service.

Exede also offers Exede Business. It launched in 2014. It also offers Exede Enterprise for live events, field operations, and disaster response.

Hughes Network Systems

Hughes Communications is a subsidiary of EchoStar. It is headquartered in Germantown, Maryland. It provides a high-speed satellite internet service. That service is called HughesNet. It is the biggest service of its kind because it has more than 1.3 million subscribers in the Americas.

In 1996, Hughes created a satellite Internet service for people and small businesses. The service was called DirecPC. It was renamed to Direcway in May 2002. In 2012, with Hughes' first offering of broadband satellite Internet, it was renamed HughesNet.


Gitanas Nausėda

Gitanas Nausėda (born 19 May 1964) is a Lithuanian politician and economist. He is the 9th and current President of Lithuania since July 2019. He is an Independent.

Electric utility

An electric utility is a company in the electric power industry (often a public utility). This kind of company does electricity generation and distribution of electricity for sale generally in a regulated market. The electrical utility industry is a major provider of energy in most countries.

Electric utilities are facing increasing demands including aging infrastructure, reliability, and regulation.

Enrique Moreno

Enrique Moreno (December 28, 1955 – October 10, 2019) was a Mexican-American attorney. His career was based in El Paso, Texas. Moreno was once a federal judicial nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit by President Bill Clinton in 1999. The Republican controlled United States Senate denied to approved his nomination twice.

Moreno was born in Chihuahua, Mexico and the son of a carpenter and a seamstress, Moreno earned a bachelor's degree from Harvard University in 1978 and a law degree from Harvard Law School in 1981.

Moreno began his career as a personal injury and product liability attorney in 1981 in El Paso, Texas. He has worked for four different law firms in his career. He has been the practitioner of the Law Offices of Enrique Moreno since 1999.

Moreno won several large judgments in his legal career. In August 2001, Moreno was one of five lawyers to win a $55,515,000 judgment for an El Paso man against Kelly-Moore Paints for placing asbestos-containing fibers in a joint compound product that caused pleural mesothelioma in a patient.

On April 12, 2006, Moreno won a $27.5 million judgment for an Iran-born American citizen against Southwest Airlines in a landmark racial profiling case after Southwest's flight attendants had her arrested after she had complained about poor service on the airline.

Moreno died of cancer-related problems in El Paso on October 10, 2019 at the age of 63.

Lightspeed (magazine)

Lightspeed is an American online fantasy and science fiction magazine. John Joseph Adams edits and publishes the magazine. The first issue was published in June 2010 It is published every month. The magazine publishes four new, original stories and four reprints in every issue. It also includes interviews with the authors and other nonfiction. All of the content published in each issue is sold as as an ebook and for free on the magazine's website. "Lightspeed" also makes a free podcast with some stories. Stefan Rudnicki produces the podcast.

"Lightspeed" was started by publisher Sean Wallace of Prime Books with John Joseph Adams as editor. Wallace also published "Fantasy Magazine." Adams also started to edit "Fantasy Magazine" from March 2011. "Lightspeed" became an SFWA-qualifying market in July 2011.

In November of 2011 Adams purchased "Lightspeed" and "Fantasy Magazine" from Wallace. From January 2012 issue, both magazines were combined with the name "Lightspeed." "Fantasy Magazine" stopped publishing. The "Fantasy Magazine" staff was also absorbed into "Lightspeed".

In September 2013, "Lightspeed" published their first Special Issue. It was called "Women Destroy Science Fiction", an anthology entirely written and edited by women. Lightspeed got $53,136 from a Kickstarter to pay for the special issue. This was much more than their goal of $5,000. The additional funds allowed "Lightspeed" to publish further volumes, entitled "Women Destroy Fantasy" and "Women Destroy Horror."

"Lightspeed" was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Semiprozine in 2011 and 2012, and, 2013, and won the Hugo in 2014. In 2011 its podcast was awarded a Parsec award for Maggie Clark's "Saying the Names."

In 2010 two Lightspeed stories were finalists for the Nebula Award for Best Short Story: Adam-Troy Castro's "Arvies" and Vylar Kaftan's "I'm Alive, I Love You, I'll See You in Reno." In 2011 "Amaryllis" by Carrie Vaughn was a finalist for the Hugo Award for Best Short story. Also in 2011, Adam-Troy Castro's "Her Husband's Hands" and Tom Crosshill's "Mama, We are Zhenya, Your Son" were finalists for the Best Short Story Nebula. Jake Kerr's "The Old Equations" was nominated for Best Novella. In 2012, Maria Dahvana Headley's "Give Her Honey When You Hear Her Scream" and Ken Liu's "The Bookmaking Habits of Select Species" were both finalists for the Best Short Story Nebula. In 2014, Ken Liu's "The Litigation Master and the Monkey King" and Christopher Barzak's "Paranormal Romance" were both finalists for the Best Novelette Nebula. In 2014, Matthew Kressel's "The Sounds of Old Earth" and Sylvia Spruck Wrigley's "Alive, Alive Oh" were both finalists for the Best Short Story Nebula.

Some stories were nominated for the Theodore Sturgeon Award: Yoon Ha Lee's "Flower, Mercy, Needle, Chain" in 2011, Jake Kerr's "The Old Equations" in 2012, and Ken Liu's "The Bookmaking Habits of Select Species" in 2013

Several stories from the magazine have been printed again in anthologies showing excellent writing:

The Paris Review

The Paris Review is an English-language literary magazine. It started in Paris in 1953. It is published four times a year. by Harold L. Humes, Peter Matthiessen, and George Plimpton. In its first five years, "The Paris Review" published works by Jack Kerouac, Philip Larkin, V. S. Naipaul, Philip Roth, Terry Southern, Adrienne Rich, Italo Calvino, Samuel Beckett, Nadine Gordimer, Jean Genet, and Robert Bly.

Ansible

An ansible is a kind of fictional device or technology. Ansibles can communicate faster than light. It can send and receive messages to and from a corresponding device over any distance or obstacle whatsoever with no delay, even between star systems. As a name for such a device, the word "ansible" first appeared in a 1966 novel "Rocannon's World" by Ursula K. Le Guin The word shortened from "answerable." It allowed users to receive answers to their messages quickly, even over interstellar distances. 


Any ansible may be used to communicate through any other, by setting its coordinates to those of the receiving ansible. They have a limited bandwidth which only allows for at most a few hundred characters of text to be communicated in any transaction of a dialog session, and are attached to a keyboard and small display to perform text messaging.

Many other writers have ansibles in their fiction. Examples include:

University of California, Riverside

The University of California, Riverside (UCR or UC Riverside), is a public research university in Riverside, California. It is part of the University of California system.



Nalo Hopkinson

Nalo Hopkinson (born 20 December 1960) is a Jamaican-born Canadian speculative fiction writer and editor. She lives and teaches in Riverside, California. Her novels ("Brown Girl in the Ring", "Midnight Robber", "The Salt Roads", "The New Moon's Arms") and short stories such as those in her collection "Skin Folk" often use Caribbean history and language. Hopkinson's favorite writers include Samuel R. Delany, Tobias S. Buckell, and Charles Saunders.

Hopkinson won the 1999 John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer and the Ontario Arts Council Foundation Award for Emerging Writers.

"Brown Girl in the Ring" was nominated for the Philip K. Dick Award in 1998, and received the Locus Award for Best First Novel.

"Skin Folk" received the World Fantasy Award and the Sunburst Award for Canadian Literature of the Fantastic in 2003.








Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America

Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America, or SFWA ( or ) is a nonprofit 501(c)3 organization of professional science fiction and fantasy writers. SFWA is based in the United States but membership is worldwide. Damon Knight started the organization in 1965 with the name Science Fiction Writers of America, Inc. The president of SFWA as of 2019 is Mary Robinette Kowal.

SFWA has about 1,900 professionally published writer members worldwide.

SFWA Active members vote for the Nebula Awards. They are some of the most important English-language science fiction awards.
SFWA's Board of Directors includes the current president, vice president, secretary, chief financial officer, and five directors-at-large.





Raoni Metuktire

Raoni Metuktire (born ), also known as Chief Raoni or Ropni, is a Brazilian leader and environmentalist. He is a chief of the Kayapo people, a Brazilian Indigenous group from the plain lands of the Mato Grosso and Pará in Brazil. He is internationally famous as a living symbol of the fight for the preservation of the Amazon rainforest and indigenous culture.


Landsberg, Saxony-Anhalt

Landsberg is a town in the Saalekreis in the state of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.

The town is between the cities of Halle, about in the southwest, Leipzig, about in the southeast, and Bitterfeld-Wolfen, about in the north.The oldest known trace of early settlements in what is now Landsberg dates from the Neolithic.


Bitterfeld-Wolfen

Bitterfeld-Wolfen is a town in the district Anhalt-Bitterfeld, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is in south-eastern Saxony-Anhalt, west of the river Mulde. The average air temperature in Bitterfeld is and the yearly rainfall .

More than 40,000 people live there.

Selkirk, New York

Selkirk is a hamlet in the town of Bethlehem, Albany County, New York. It is located south of the city of Albany, and is a suburb of that city.


Gaston Bussière

Gaston Bussière (April 24, 1862 in Cuisery – October 29, 1928 or 1929 in Saulieu) was a French Symbolist painter and illustrator.

Bussière studied at l'Académie des Beaux-Arts in Lyon before entering l'École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. He studied under Alexandre Cabanel then under Pierre Puvis de Chavannes . In 1884, he won the Marie Bashkirtseff Prize. In 1885, he displayed his works at the Salon. 

He was close to Gustave Moreau. Bussière was inspired by the works of Hector Berlioz, William Shakespeare and Richard Wagner. He made the illustrations of the works of Honoré de Balzac, Théophile Gautier, Oscar Wilde and Gustave Flaubert. He also contributed to the magazine "Le Monde moderne" . 

He has been close to Joséphin Péladan for a short period of time, which allowed him to display his works at the Salon of the Rose-Cross between 1893 and 1895. 

The Museum of Ursulines in Macôn keeps a collection of his works. 


Demeke Mekonnen

Demeke Mekonnen Hassen (; born 27 September 1963) is an Ethiopian politician and has served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Ethiopia, since 2012. Demeke has assumed the position of the Acting Prime Minister of Ethiopia on 23 November 2021, following Abiy Ahmed's decision to engage in the ongoing Tigray War at the frontlines.

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (movie)

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a 2002 fantasy movie directed by Chris Columbus. It is based on J. K. Rowling's 1998 novel of the same name. The movie stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, with Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley, and Emma Watson as Hermione Granger.

It was the last movie to have Richard Harris as Professor Albus Dumbledore, because of his death that same year.

"Chamber of Secrets" was released in theatres in the United Kingdom and the United States on 15 November 2002. It was nominated for many awards, including the BAFTA Award for Best Production Design, Best Sound, and Best Special Visual Effects.

Spending the summer with his abusive aunt, uncle and cousin, Harry meets an elf named Dobby. Elves are slaves of magical families. Dobby tells Harry not to return to Hogwarts school. The Dursleys lock Harry in his room so that he cannot escape. Harry is rescued by his friend Ron Weasley and his olde twin brothers, Fred and George.

While buying school supplies in a street named Diagon Alley, Harry sees the school bully, Draco Malfoy. Draco's father, Lucius, gives Ron's sister, Ginny, a black book. Dobby prevents Harry and Ron from getting to the Hogwarts train so they use a flying car to get to the school.

At school, Harry begins to hear voices in the walls. Mysterious writing appears on the walls saying "the Chamber of Secrets has been opened". The Chamber of Secrets is a mysterious part of the school built by Salazar Slytherin, one of the four founders of Hogwarts. The school staff learn that Ron's younger sister, Ginny, has been taken into the Chamber. Harry finds a magic black diary written by a former student named Tom Riddle.

Harry goes into the Chamber of Secrets and finds Ginny, who has been captured by the ghost of Tom Riddle, who is the younger version of Lord Voldemort. It turns out that the book Draco's father gave to Ginny was the diary of Tom Riddle and she was the one who accidentally opened the Chamber. Tom Riddle tries to kill Harry with a gigantic snake called the Basilisk. Harry kills the snake with a sword and destroys the diary, which causes the ghost of Tom Riddle to disappear.

Harry gives the book back to Lucius Malfoy and finds out that Dobby is the Malfoy family's slave. Harry tricks Lucius into freeing Dobby from his service.


Northfield, Illinois

Northfield is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. It is about north of downtown Chicago. As of the 2020 census, the village's population was 5,751.

The headquarters of Kraft Foods used to be in Northfield.

Arenzville, Illinois

Arenzville is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Grens

Grens is a municipality in the district Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. Grens politics include the Green Party.

Cisco, Illinois

Cisco is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Bement, Illinois

Bement is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Ivesdale, Illinois

Ivesdale is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Jacksepticeye

Seán McLoughlin (born 7 February 1990), better known as Jacksepticeye, is an Irish YouTuber. He is best known for his vlogs and comedic Let's Play series. He is the most-subscribed Irish channel. He is also known for his charity streams in which he raises money for good causes. "Business Insider" has called McLoughlin "one of YouTube's most [well known] philanthropists".

In October 2018, McLoughlin posted a video announcing Cloak, a clothing brand aimed at gamers which he created with Markiplier. In June 2020, Cloak welcomed the Twitch streamer Pokimane as a third partner and creative director for the brand. 

In 2020, he created his own coffee company, named Top of The Mornin' Coffee.

As well as YouTubers, McLoughlin's channel has had celebrities, including interviews with Jack Black, Karen Gillan, Tom Holland, Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart, Brad Pitt, Chris Hemsworth, Ryan Reynolds, and Margot Robbie. 

Each of his videos begins with an intro in which he gives a high five to the camera and says "Top of the morning to ya, laddies".

Keith Whitley

Jackie Keith Whitley (July 1, 1954 – May 9, 1989) was an American country music singer. During his career, Whitley only recorded two albums but charted 12 singles on the "Billboard" country charts, and 7 more after his death.

Thomas Carney

Thomas Carney (August 20, 1824 – July 28, 1888) was the second Governor of Kansas.

Carney was born in Delaware County, Ohio. His parents were James and Jane (Ostrander) Carney. James died in 1828, making his wife a widow, and it left four young sons without a father. Thomas stayed at home, farming with his mother, until he turned 19 years old. He studied in Berkshire, Ohio. He lived there with an uncle. He worked in mercantile businesses. He created a successful wholesale business in Leavenworth, Kansas. He was elected to the Kansas Legislature in 1861. He married Rebecca Ann Cannady on November 13, 1861.

After he was State Representative, Carney was elected Governor of Kansas. He was governor from 1863 through 1865. While he was governor, he focused on developing the state and solving the problems caused by the Civil War. He was elected Mayor of Leavenworth in 1865. He created the First National Bank of Leavenworth. He was also director of the Lawrence and Fort Gibson Railroad Company. He continued in business until 1875.

Carney died on July 28, 1888 in Leavenworth, Kansas. He died of apoplexy. He is buried in Leavenworth in Mount Muncie Cemetery.

Cutler, Illinois

Cutler is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Danvers, Illinois

Danvers is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Stacy's Mom

"Stacy's Mom" is a pop rock song by the American rock band Fountains of Wayne. It was on their third studio album, "Welcome Interstate Managers". "Stacy's Mom" was released on the radio on May 20, 2003. The song was released as the main single from "Welcome Interstate Managers" on September 29, 2003. The album was released through S-Curve Records and Virgin Records. "Stacy's Mom" was written by bassist Adam Schlesinger and vocalist Chris Collingwood. Both of them created the song alongside Mike Denneen. The song was inspired by Schlesinger's friend when he was young, who had a crush on his grandmother. 

"Stacy's Mom" was written by Chris Collingwood and Adam Schlesinger. It is a power pop song. it is a single told from the perspective of a young boy who has to tell his friend Stacy that he's actually attracted to her mother instead of her.

"Stacy's Mom" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 the week of October 11, 2003, at number 59. It was their first song to appear on that chart. It peaked at number 21 the week of November 21, 2003. It stayed there for two weeks. It stayed on the chart for seventeen weeks.

Europe 7"

UK CD (Enhanced)

US CD (Promo)

Still Swingin'

"Still Swingin" is a song by the American rock band Papa Roach. It was released as the first single from their album "The Connection". It was released on June 24, 2012. The single was well liked by the fans for having the rap-style vocals of the band's early songs.

Parks and Recreation

Parks and Recreation is a television sitcom. It was on TV from April 9, 2009 to February 24, 2015, with a special reunion episode airing on April 30, 2020. During this time, it showed 126 episodes over seven seasons. It ran on the channel NBC. It was created by Greg Daniels and Michael Schur. The show is about a group of people who live in a fictional town called Pawnee in the state of Indiana. They work in the government of Pawnee, in the Department of Parks and Recreation. The main character of the show is Leslie Knope. She is an optimistic person who loves her job and the city of Pawnee. The actress who plays her is Amy Poehler. There are many other characters in the show. They are: Ann Perkins (Rashida Jones), Mark Brendanawicz (Paul Schneider), Tom Haverford (Aziz Ansari), Ron Swanson (Nick Offerman), April Ludgate (Aubrey Plaza), Andy Dwyer (Chris Pratt), Ben Wyatt (Adam Scott), Chris Traeger (Rob Lowe), Jerry Gergich (Jim O'Heir), Donna Meagle (Retta), and Craig Middlebrooks (Billy Eichner).

The series changed as time went on. The writers wanted to make the show like real life. To do this, they learned about how governments of cities really worked. They also talked about current political issues in episodes of the show. For example, one episode has the government of Pawnee shut down. This means that there is not enough money for the government to work correctly, so it stops doing everything that is not very important. The writers put this in the show because of a real government shutdown. The real shutdown happened because of a financial crisis in 2007-2008, and this was the same time that the episode was being written. Sometimes, real politicians also acted on the show. Joe Biden, John McCain, and Michelle Obama were some of the politicians who did this. The characters in the show also changed. Some people watched the first season and thought that Leslie Knope was too ditzy—that is, unintelligent and unable to do her job correctly. So the writers changed the way they showed Leslie. They wanted viewers to know she really was smart. During the show, many of the characters have changing romantic relationships and get different jobs. They changed just like people change in real life.

The first season only had six episodes. It got mixed reviews. People thought some things about it were good, and some things about it were bad. Many people thought it was too much like "The Office." Like "Parks and Recreation, The Office" was another sitcom that Daniels created. But after the first season, it got positive reviews. Many people thought it was good, and it won many awards. It was nominated for an Emmy Award 14 times. It was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series—Musical or Comedy. It won a Golden Globe Award for the good job Poehler 
did playing Leslie Knope.



Damon Knight Memorial Grand Master Award

The Damon Knight Memorial Grand Master Award is a lifetime honor from the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America. The SFWA gives up to one award each year to a writer of fantasy or science fiction. It started in 1975 when Robert Heinlein became the first SFWA Grand Master. The name Damon Knight was added in 2002. He started the SFWA and died in 2002.

The award is given each year at the SFWA Nebula Awards banquet, but it is not one of the Nebulas. Only SFWA officers and past presidents suggest Grand Masters, and the final choice must be approved by a majority of that group. The winner is announced in advance.

There have been 34 in the 44 years from 1974/1975 to 2017/2018. 

May Hill Arbuthnot

May Hill Arbuthnot (August 27, 1884 – October 2, 1969) was an educator, editor, writer, and critic. She worked to support children's literature. She was listed in the "American Libraries" article “100 Most Important Leaders we had for the 20th Century”.


Zenaida Moya

Zenaida Victoria Moya is a former mayor of Belize City, Belize. She was mayor from 1 March 2006 to 7 March 2012. She was first elected in the 2006 municipal elections. She is a former member of the United Democratic Party (UDP). Moya was Belize City’s first female mayor.

Division of Burt

The Division of Burt is an Australian electoral division in the state of Western Australia.

The division was created in 2015. It was named after the Burt family, especially Sir Archibald Burt, Septimus Burt and Sir Francis Burt. The division is in the south-eastern suburbs of Perth. It covers areas that were once in the divisions of Canning, Hasluck and Tangney.

The seat was first contested at the 2016 federal election. 
The seat includes large parts of the City of Gosnells and the City of Armadale and portion of the City of Canning. Suburbs included are:


Scott Duncan

Adam Scott Mathieson Duncan (2 November 1888 – 3 October 1976) was a Scottish footballer and manager.

Sakya

The Sakya is the name of one of four major schools of Tibetan Buddhism. Other schools are Nyingma, Kagyu, and Gelug. Sakya is one of the Red Hat sects.

Drosophilidae

The Drosophilidae is a huge, widespread (cosmopolitan) family of flies, which includes the famous fruit flies. The family has over 4000 species in 75 genera. A recent publication lists the species:

There is another unrelated family of flies, the Tephritidae, which includes species also known as "fruit flies".

The best known species of the Drosophilidae is "Drosophila melanogaster". This species and its relatives are often used for studies on genetics, development, physiology, and behaviour.

"D. melanogaster" is not so much studied in the field as in the laboratory. The best-known studies of "Drosophila" in a natural environment was done by Dobzhansky and colleagues on "Drosophila pseudoobscura" from the early 1930s to 1970. Reprints and discussions are in Lewontin "et al" 2003, and theoretical discussions in Dobzhansky, 1970.

The cells of fruit flies usually do not divide after the imago is hatched. The fruit fly is mostly composed of post-mitotic cells, has a very short lifespan, and shows gradual ageing. As in other species, temperature influences the life history of the animal. They live longer in colder weather. Several genes can be manipulated to extend the lifespan of these insects.

The Drosophilidae has two subfamilies, the Drosophilinae and the Steganinae.

Sara Danius

Sara Maria Danius (5 April 1962 – 12 October 2019) was a Swedish scholar of literature, aesthetics and former member of the Nobel prize in literature committee. Danius was professor of aesthetics at Södertörn University, docent of literature at Uppsala University and professor in literary science at Stockholm University.

Danius was a member of the Swedish Academy and its first female permanent secretary. She was one of the central figures in the 2018 controversies resulting in the cancellation of the Nobel Prize in Literature that year and the following restructuring of the academy. She was born in Täby.

Danius died on 12 October 2019, aged 57, after having suffered from breast cancer for several years.



Steganinae

The Steganinae is the smaller of two subfamilies in the fruit fly family Drosophilidae. The other subfamily is the Drosophilinae.

Drosophilinae

The Drosophilinae are the largest subfamily in the Drosophilidae. The other subfamily is the Steganinae.

A huge amount of research has shown the way the fly has evolved many species as it spread across the world.

The genus "Drosophila" is paraphyletic because several genera (with many species), such as "Zaprionus", "Scaptomyza" and "Lordiphosa", are within the genus. What this means is that they have evolved from more standard "Drosophila" over time. This is pretty well supported by the evidence of their genome.

In taxonomy, there are two ways of solving this kind of problem:
Genus "Drosophila" could be raised to a supergenus, or the related offshoot genera could be demoted to subgenera. 

Bantam, Ohio

Bantam is an unincorporated community in Clermont County, Ohio, in the United States. 

Wheelchair rugby

Wheelchair rugby is a team sport for athletes who are differently abled. It is played in over twenty-five countries around the world. It is a summer Paralympic game. It is also know as quad rugby in the United States.

Jolene Marie Rotinsulu

Jolene Marie Cholock-Rotinsulu (; born May 15, 1996) is an Indonesian-American member of the International Paralympics Games committee, disability rights activist, TV commercial model, celebrity, singer, young entrepreneur, mountaineer, and a beauty pageant titleholder who won the title of Puteri Indonesia Lingkungan 2019. She will represent Indonesia at the Miss International 2019 pageant at the Tokyo Dome City Hall in Tokyo, Japan.

Seulgi (singer)

Kang Seul-gi is a South Korean singer, actress, and model. She goes by the mononym Seulgi. She is known for being a member of K-pop girl group Red Velvet and its subunit Red Velvet - IRENE & SEULGI.

Seulgi was born in South Korea on 20 Feburary 1994. In 2013, she joined SM Entertainment as a trainee. Later she became a member of Red Velvet in 2014. In 2015, she made her first appearance as an actress.

Sugarcane juice

Sugarcane juice is the liquid extracted from pressed sugarcane. Especially, in places where sugarcane is grown commercially, it is a popular drink. Today, most sugarcane comes from Southeast Asia, India, Northern Africa, and Latin America. In Spanish-speaking countries, sugarcane juice is usually called Guarapo, or guarapa. In Portugese, it is called garapa. These names can also refer to palm syrup. 

In the United States where processed sugarcane syrup is used as a sweetener in food and beverage manufacturing, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) considers "evaporated cane juice" to be a misleading term for "sugar" on product labels. The FDA regards "juice" as a liquid derived from fruits or vegetables, so the preferred term is "cane sugar".

In Brazil, laboratories use sugarcane juice to make ethanol fuel. 

Chalermpol Malakham

Chalermpol Malakham () is a singer from the Isan area of Thailand. Known mostly for the Luk Thung and Mor lam styles, he is also considered a talented performer of Kantrum. Although the majority of Chalermpol's songs are in Thai, he often sings in Northern Khmer as well.


John Saldivar

John Birchman Saldivar is a Belizean politician. A member of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Saldivar served as the Minister of National Security and Defence from 8 March 2012 to 2020. He is also the Member of Parliament (MP) for Belmopan constituency in the House of Representatives (Belize) since it’s creation on 7 February 2008. He was previously Area Representative for Cayo South from 29 October 2003 to 7 February 2008. 

On January 20, 2023, he was sanctioned by the United States Department of State citing corruption. 

John Birchman Saldivar was born in 1967 in Belmopan, then known as British Honduras. He lives in Belmopan and has lived there since birth. 

Saldivar first joined the UDP in 1993. In 1997 he submitted his nomination to be endorsed as the new UDP Standard bearer for Cayo South constituency in a convention and election. The former Standard-Bearer, Melvin Hulse Sr. was thought to contest the Convention (meeting), but declined the offer and resigned from the UDP to join the National Alliance for Belizean Rights (NABR). Leaving Saldivar to be endorsed. Saldivar went on to face PUP Standard-Bearer, Agripino Cawich. Both Saldivar and Cawich were political newcomers. The PUP was at the helm of Cayo South for over 3 decades. So Saldivar knew that defeating Cawich would not be easy, despite the lack of his political experience.

Erwin Contreras

Erwin Rafael “Winchi” Contreras (born 9 July 1966, Benque Viejo del Carmen, British Honduras) is a Belizean Politician and former Footballer. A member of the United Democratic Party (UDP), he served as Minister of Economic Development and Minister of Commerce, Industry and Consumer Protection from 8 February 2008 to 8 March 2012. After the 2012 election he was made Minister of Trade Investment, Minister of private sector Development and Minister of Consumer Protection, he served in those positions until 9 March 2018. On 9 March 2018, he was appointed as Minister of Economic Development, Minister of Petroleum and Minister of Investment, Trade and Commerce.

Contreras is a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Representatives (Belize) for Cayo West constituency since 27 August 1998.

Biography 

Erwin Rafael “Winchi” Contreras was born on 9 July 1966 in Benque Viejo del Carmen, Cayo District in the then, British Honduras. 

Contreras is currently second in the Line of succession to Prime minister Dean Barrow who will retire as Prime minister on 1 April 2020 behind Deputy prime minister, Patrick Faber. He belongs to the UDP. In addition, Barrow has also decided not to seek another term in his Queen’s Square constituency and will officially resign from Electoral politics on 2 November 2020, once the results for the 2020 general election is out. On 7 February 2006, Barrow told 7 News that he will resign if the UDP losses the upcoming Municipal elections. Contreras was at that time one of the two choices who would succeed Barrow as Leader of the UDP, if he were to resign then. The other choice was Shadow Minister of Police and the Army, Michael Finnegan. After the UDP won the 2006 municipal election, Barrow kept his promise and remained as UDP Leader.

Contreras is a former member of the Belize national football team. He first joined the team in 1993. After a determined training, he played in both of Belize’s 1998 Wold Cup qualification games against Panama in March 1996. Although, his team made it through the qualification Round. They would eventually lose the World Cup that year. After the loss for his team, Contreras announced his resignation from the Team and that he no longer aspires to enter the Soccer arena. He also said that he will be looking for another opportunity to serve the People of Belize. 

Electoral history 

Contreras first joined the UDP in 1997 when he submitted his Nomination to contest the UDP Standard Bareer convention and election in Cayo West against Guillermo Valdez, who contested the 1993 election under the UDP ticket. Contreras had the support of Prime minister, Manuel Esquivel and Former UDP Leader, Dean Lindo, while Valdez was backed by Deputy prime minister, Barrow and Minister of Police and the Army, Michael Finnegan (Belizean politician). In the end, Contreras won 1,537 votes to Valdez’s 1,527 votes. Contreras then prepared himself to face Amin Hegar of the People’s United Party (PUP) in the 1998 Belizean general election who had been the MP for Cayo West for over five years. Contreras had a disadvantage and new that the road to Cayo West was not easy. He was even criticised for “lack of experience”. When Esquivel called the election, Contreras led his People in a March from Cinderella Plaza through downtown Belize City to the Island. It was a very Successful March which energised his Party. After the March concluded, Lindo spoke to News 5 and said that he has full confidence that Contreras will win and deliver Cayo West for his People. Public support for Contreras indicated that he was going to win his Constituency with a Landslide victory. However that all changed on Election Day. It was found that Contreras had allegedly handed out leases to over four hundred lots on Election Day and this constituted Bribery under the Election laws. The written Opinion in the case has not yet been released. After a determined Campaign, Contreras emerged Victorious, gaining 1,537 votes to Hegar’s 1,527 votes retiring the one term MP. Bucking a National trend, Contreras as the Only UDP Candidate to defeat a PUP House Incumbent In 1998 and one of the only three UDP members elected nationwide that Year. After the UDP’s Landslide lost in the 1998 election, Esquivel resigned as UDP Leader and the Party had only three suitable candidates for the post. A The first being Front-runner, Barrow who was considered favourite in the race and the others being, Finnegan and Contreras. Both declined the offer to run for Party Leader and instead Contreras submitted his Nomination to run for Second Deputy Leader of the UDP and so the Party had no other option but to elect Barrow as their Leader. Barrow formed his Shadow cabinet comprising with just three Opposition Ministers. He appointed Contreras as Shadow Minister of Economic Development, Investment and Traderesponsible for aguing with Minister, Ralph Fonseca on issues concerning the Budget planning and management, Economic development, Investment and Trade. Contreras discharged his duties in the portfolio faithfully and eagerly. In 1999, he provided free Petrol to cars in his Constituency and reduced the sales of Vechicals by $1000. As a result, many of his constituents were able to afford them. In 2000, he officially opened a Sewing shop in Benque Viejo del Carmen. Soon the 2003 general election came, and it was time for Contreras to secure another term in Cayo West. He was endorsed unopposed as Standard-Bareer for the Constituency In 2002. He then went on to go neck-a-neck against PUP Newcomer Kendall Mendez. During the campaign, Contreras sited his major Achievements in his first term and embodied the road ahead for Cayo West. Contreras was once again Victorious In Cayo West, acquiring 2,180 votes to beat Mendez, whose votes totalled 1,800. Although Cayo West remained a UDP Stronghold, it lost the election that year and was sent back to opposition. This time with a larger Shadow cabinet of 7 ministers, Barrow selected Contreras to be Shadow Minister of Economic Development, Shadow Minister of Commerce, Industry and Consumer Protection. This time with double the responsibilities. In 2005, Contreras wrote a stimulase plan on how to tackle the Economic downfall and create more industries. Two issues that the Musa Administration failed to Address during his 10-year term. The UDP was on 

Chinatown, Singapore

Chinatown (, , ) is a subzone and ethnic enclave located within the Outram district in the Central Area of Singapore. Featuring distinctly Chinese cultural elements, Chinatown has had a historically concentrated ethnic Chinese population.

Chinatown is considerably less of an enclave than it once was. However, the precinct does retain significant historical and cultural significance. Large sections of it have been declared national heritage sites officially designated for conservation by the Urban Redevelopment Authority.

Fear of the dark

Fear of the dark is a common fear or phobia among children and, to some degree, adults. In severe cases, it has the name of nyctophobia or scotophobia or lygophobia.

California Pines, California

California Pines is a census-designated place (CDP) in Modoc County, California, United States. The population was 473 at the 2020 census.

It is found at an elevation of .

Eagleville, Modoc County, California

Eagleville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Modoc County, California, United States. It is about east-southeast of Alturas, at an elevation of . The population was 45 at the 2020 census.

La Rippe

La Rippe is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Longirod

Longirod is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Luins

Luins is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Marchissy

Marchissy is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It is in the district of Nyon.

Dompierre

Dompierre can mean:



Dompierre, Oise

Dompierre is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.



Dompierre-en-Morvan

Dompierre-en-Morvan is a commune. It is in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.

Tekirdağ

Tekirdağ is a city in the European part of Turkey. It is a part of the region historically known as East Thrace. Tekirdağ is the capital of Tekirdağ Province. The city population is 176,848 mostly Turkish people, some of Yörüks-Background, Pomak, Crimean Tatars and Romanlar. There are honorary consulates of Hungary and Bulgaria in Tekirdağ. 

Tekirdağ is on the northern coast of the Sea of Marmara, west of the city of Istanbul.


700 (number)

700 (seven hundred) is the natural number after 699 and before 701.

79 (number)

Seventy-nine is a natural number. It comes between seventy-eight and eighty, and is an odd number. It is also the 22nd prime number, between 73 and 83.

Cool, Texas

Cool is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

82 (number)

Eighty-two is a number. It comes between eighty-one and eighty-three, and is an even number. It is divisible by 1, 2, 41, and 82.

Mount Vernon, Texas

Mount Vernon is a town in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Franklin County.


Beverly Hills, Texas

Beverly Hills is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is in McLennan County.

Saint-Cergue

Saint-Cergue is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Gouverneur (village), New York

Gouverneur is a village in St. Lawrence County, New York, United States. The population was 3,526 at the 2020 census.


Luhansk People's Republic

Luhansk People’s Republic was a partially recognised state in the Donbas region of Ukraine. When the War in Donbass started in 2014, a few hundred separatists proclaimed it in part of the Luhansk Oblast. Luhansk Oblast is to the east of Ukraine, at the Ukrainian border with Russia. Approximately at the same time, other rebels formed the Donetsk People's Republic in Donetsk Oblast. In both parts, there are many ethnic Russians. There was a claim that Russia helped start these unrecognized states. The country is loyal to Russia.

In 2022 Russia, Syria and DPRK officially recognised the state along with the Donetsk People's Republic, Abkhazia and South Ossetia.

In late 2022, the Luhansk People's Republic became a federal subject of Russia alongside three other occupied oblasts. Most of the international community agrees that Luhansk legally belongs to Ukraine.

Saraswati Chaudhary

Saraswati Chaudhary () is a Nepali politician. She is one of the representative of "Nepali Congress" political party. She is also a member of the Province No. 2 Provincial Assembly of Nepal.

Spit (landform)

A spit is a stretch of land or sand which projects out to sea. It is joined to the mainland at one end. Spits are created by deposition of sand. 

Spits are formed where the prevailing wind blows at an angle to the coastline. The sand on the beach is moved by the waves along the shore, which is called 'longshore drift'. The sand collects at the end to form a spit. An example of a spit is Spurn Head, along the Holderness coast in Humberside near Hull.

Flag of the United Nations

The flag of the United Nations was created on December 7, 1946, and is made up of the official emblem of the United Nations in white on a blue background. It was designed by Donal McLaughlin.

The olive branches are a symbol for peace, and the world map represents all the people and the countries of the world.

White and blue are the official colours of the United Nations.

Flag of Europe

The Flag of Europe or European Flag, is an official symbol adopted by two separate organisations, the Council of Europe (CoE) as a symbol for the whole of Europe, and the European Union (EU). Its made up of a circle of twelve five-pointed yellow stars on a blue ("azure") field.

The design was created in 1955, and officially adopted later that year by the Council of Europe as a symbol for the whole of Europe.

Abhijit Banerjee

Abhijit Vinayak Banerjee (; born February 21, 1961) is an Indian-American economist. Banerjee shared the 2019 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with his wife Esther Duflo and fellow economist Michael Kremer, "for their experimental approach to alleviating global poverty." He is the Ford Foundation International Professor of Economics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 

He along with wife Esther Duflo are the sixth married couple to jointly win a Nobel Prize.

Esther Duflo

Esther Duflo, FBA (; born 25 October 1972) is a French-American economist. She is the Abdul Latif Jameel Professor of Poverty Alleviation and Development Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She is the co-founder and co-director of the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab.

Duflo shared the 2019 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with Abhijit Banerjee and Michael Kremer, "for their experimental approach to alleviating global poverty". She is the youngest person and the second woman to win this award.

Michael Kremer

Michael Robert Kremer (born November 12, 1964) is an American development economist of Jewish descent. He is the Gates Professor of Developing Societies at Harvard University. In 2019 he was jointly awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics, together with Abhijit Banerjee and Esther Duflo, "for their experimental approach to alleviating global poverty."


Sulli

Choi Jin-ri (March 29, 1994 – October 14, 2019), better known by her stage name Sulli, was a South Korean singer-songwriter, actress and model. She played the young Princess Seonhwa of Silla in the SBS drama "Ballad of Seodong" (2005).

In 2009, Sulli became a member of the South Korean girl group f(x). She left the group in 2015 to focus on her acting career. She made her solo debut album in June 2019 with the single album "Goblin". 

Sulli killed herself at her Seongnam apartment on October 14, 2019 at the age of 25. She suffered from depression and was a victim of constant cyber bullying.

Henry Keizer

Judicus Marinus Henricus Jacobus "Henry" Keizer (4 November 1960 – 5 October 2019) was a Dutch businessman. He was Chairman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, the leading political party in the Netherlands.


Philippe Vandevelde

Philippe Vandevelde, working under the pseudonym Tome (24 February 1957 – 5 October 2019), was a Belgian comics script writer. He was known for works with Janry on "Spirou et Fantasio" and "Le Petit Spirou", and with Luc Warnant and later Bruno Gazzotti on "Soda". 

He also worked with Ralph Meyer on "Berceuse assassine", and with Marc Hardy on "Feux". Earlier in his career he was an assistant-artist for Dupa. 

England national under-21 football team

The England national under-21 football team is one of the youth teams of England’s national football team. Their current head coach is Aidy Boothroyd.

The team is for English players that are 21 years of age or younger. It is also possible for older players to be eligible because FIFA allows 3 or 5 over-aged players maximum.

Note: "Club(s)" represents the clubs the player was at during the player's time in the Under-21s. Those players in bold are still eligible to play for the U21's.

Note: "Club(s)" represents the clubs the player was at during the player's time in the Under-21s. Those players in bold are still eligible to play for the U21's.

Neale Lavis

Neale John Lavis (11 June 1930 – 6 October 2019) was an Australian equestrian and Olympic champion. He won a team gold medal in eventing at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, and a silver medal in individual eventing. He also participated at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics, but did not win any medals there.

Ted Green

Edward Joseph "Terrible Ted" Green (March 23, 1940 – October 8, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey coach and player. Green played defence in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Boston Bruins and in the World Hockey Association (WHA) for the New England Whalers and Winnipeg Jets. He was a head coach with the Edmonton Oilers, and was an assistant coach with the Oilers and the New York Rangers.

Green died in Edmonton on October 8, 2019 after a long-illness at the age of 79.

John Giorno

John Giorno (December 4, 1936 – October 11, 2019) was an American poet and performance artist. He founded the not-for-profit production company Giorno Poetry Systems. He was known for his works with Andy Warhol's and appeared in Warhol's movie "Sleep" (1963).

Giorno died of a heart attack at age 82 on October 11, 2019, at his home in Manhattan. 


Sture Allén

Sture Allén (31 December 1928 – 20 June 2022) was a Swedish linguist and professor. He worked at the University of Gothenburg. He was the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy between 1986 and 1999. He was born in Gothenburg. Allén was elected to chair 3 of the Swedish Academy in 1980. Allén was also a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

Allén died on 20 June 2022 in Gothenburg, Sweden at the age of 93.

Anger management

Anger management is a psychotherapeutic program for anger control. It has been described as using anger successfully.

Seongnam

Seongnam is a city in South Korea.

Martin F. Conway

Martin Franklin Conway (November 19, 1827 – February 15, 1882) was a U.S. congressman, consul to France, abolitionist, and supporter of the Free-State movement in Kansas.

Conway moved to the Kansas Territory in 1854. He first started working as a special correspondent for the "Baltimore Sun".

In 1860, Conway was elected as representative to the U.S. Congress under the Wyandotte Constitution. When Kansas entered the Union in January 1861, he was the new state's first congressman. He served as a Republican until March 3, 1863.

Conway died on February 15, 1882.

Multirole combat aircraft

A multirole combat aircraft (MRCA) is a military airplane designed for more than one purpose. A multirole fighter is a multirole combat aircraft that can be used to attack enemy airplanes.

The term "multirole" is the ability for the airplane to perform more than one task or combat role. Many times airplanes will be designed for one task, and later someone will make small changes to the airplane to perform a different task. For example, the F-15 Eagle was first designed as an air superiority fighter to destroy other enemy fighters. Many years later its designers made changes to allow it to carry bombs and missiles and attack targets on the ground. 

There are many roles that combat airplanes may fill:


Chicken Run

Chicken Run is a 2000 stop motion animated movie produced by Aardman Animations in partnership with DreamWorks Animation. 

The voice-overs were done by Timothy Spall, Phil Daniels, Mel Gibson, Julia Sawalha, Lynn Ferguson, Imelda Staunton, Jane Horrocks, Benjamin Whitrow, Tony Haygarth and Miranda Richardson.

Sherry Lynn

Sherry Lynn is an American voice actress who has played roles in anime, animated television series and video games. She portrayed Sasami Jurai in the "Tenchi Muyo!" franchise.







Bob Bergen

Robert Snelgrove “Bob” Bergen (born March 8, 1964) is an American voice actor. He is the current voice of the Warner Bros. cartoon character Porky Pig and formerly hosted "Jep!", a kids' version of the popular game show "Jeopardy!". He is also known for voicing characters in the English dubs of various anime.

Bergen is best known for his work with the Warner Bros.' "Looney Tunes" franchise as the current voice of Porky Pig; however, he has also voiced Marvin the Martian, Tweety Bird and Speedy Gonzales.






Defunctland

Defunctland is a documentary series about defunct theme park rides. There are currently 3 seasons, with seasons 1 and 2 currently finished. 

Season 3 currently has 2 episodes. Sixty-six episodes are planned, with 46 past episodes and 20 planned episodes. 

There is also a spin-off called "DefunctTV" with a few episodes. They also have a Jim Henson miniseries. 

Candyman (1992 movie)

Candyman is a 1992 American supernatural slasher movie written and directed by Bernard Rose. It stars Virginia Madsen, Tony Todd, Xander Berkeley, Kasi Lemmons, and Vanessa Williams. It is based on the short story "The Forbidden" by Clive Barker. 

The movie is about a graduate student in Chicago finishing a thesis on urban legends, which leads her to the legend of "Candyman", the ghost of an artist and son of a slave who was murdered in the late 19th century.

"Candyman" was released theatrically by TriStar and PolyGram Filmed Entertainment on October 16, 1992. It made over $25 million domestically. It was followed by two sequels, "" (1995) and "" (1999). 

The movie received a 74% on Rotten Tomatoes with generally positive reviews. However, the movie was controversial at the time due to many racial stereotypes being shown in the movie about African-Americans.

Tony Todd

Anthony Tiran Todd (born December 4, 1954) is an American actor and movie producer. He is best known for playing Sergeant Warren in "Platoon" (1986), Kurn in "" (1990–1991) and "" (1996) and the main character in the "Candyman" horror trilogy (1992–1999).


Candyman (character)

Daniel Robitaille, mainly known as [the] Candyman, is a fictional character and slasher icon mainly in the "Candyman" series of movies. He is the main antagonist, but originates from Clive Barker's short story "The Forbidden" in 1985. 

In the movie series he is the evil ghost of an African-American man who was brutally lynched for a forbidden interracial love affair in the 19th century, and will haunt and kill anyone who calls the name of Candyman before a mirror five times in a row. He sometimes also targets those who openly deny the urban legend of his existence as a ghost. 

He kills people with a hook for a hand and slashes their chest or back open causing them to bleed to death.

He is ninth in the list of slasher icons per kill count, with a total of 22 kills. He is played in "Candyman" (1992), "", "" and "Candyman" (2021) by actor Tony Todd.

Fernsehturm

The Berliner Fernsehturm or Fernsehturm Berlin (English: Berlin Television Tower) is the tallest television tower in central Berlin, Germany. It is tall. The tower is the fourth highest television tower in Europe. It is located in a park in Berlin's Mitte district ("Bezirk"). When it was built in 1969, it was the second tallest television tower in the world. In 2021, it is one of the 10 most popular attractions in Germany. Over one million people visit the tower each year. The international-style television tower was built in 1965-1969 by Deutsche Post in the German Democratic Republic (East Germany). It was built in the park next to the demolished Marienviertel. On October 3, 1969, the opening took place. The building is over 220 meters higher than the old Berlin radio tower from the 1920s in the western part of the city. As a landmark visible from far away, it shapes the skyline of the city. In opening scenes of movies related to Berlin, buildings such as the Brandenburg Gate, the Victory Column and the Reichstag building are often symbolized by the television tower.


Luca Bottale

Luca Bottale (born 1967 in Milan) is an italian voice actor. He is involved in dubbing various Anime and cartoon characters as Brock from Pokémon and Usopp from One Piece.

Patrizio Prata

Patrizio Prata (1972) is an Italian voice actor from Milan. He voiced several fictional characters in cartons, Anime and Videogames as C17 in Dragon Ball Z and Terry Bogard .

Dylan Dog (character)

Dylan Dog is a fictional character from the "Dylan Dog". He was created by Tiziano Sclavi and designed by Claudio Villa in 1986 for Sergio Bonelli Editore.

Bruno Munari

Bruno Munari (October 24, 1907 in Milan – September 30, 1998 in Milan) was an Italian artist, designer, and inventor. He contributed fundamentals to many fields of visual arts (painting, sculpture, movie, industrial design, graphic design) in modernism, futurism, and concrete art, and in non visual arts (literature, poetry) with his research on games, didactic method, movement, tactile learning, kinesthetic learning, and creativity.


Francesco Pannofino

Francesco Pannofino (born November 14, 1958) is an Italian actor and voice actor.


Emir Abdelkader

Abdelkader ibn Muhieddine (6 September 1808 – 26 May 1883; '), known as the Emir Abdelkader or Abdelkader El Djezairi, was an Algerian religious and military leader who led a struggle against the French colonial invasion in the mid-19th century.

In his childhood, he learned and memorized the Holy Quran and studied linguistics.

When Algeria was invaded by France in 1830, he began a rebellion against the French for a decade until 1842 with a number of tribes.

In 1837, he signed the Treaty of Tafna with Marshall Bugeaud. But King Louis-Philippe broke the treaty two years later, leading Emir to declare against Jihad on October 15, 1839. In 1847, he was exiled to France from 1847 to October 1852. When he was released by Napoleon III, Emir then took up his residence in Damascus. In July 1860, he ceased a conflict between Muslims and Christians. While he was in Damascus, he wrote books and composed poesy.

Emir Abdelkader died on the May 26, 1883 and was buried in Damascus. On July 5, 1966, the Algerian government brought his remains back to Algeria to be interred on the occasion of the fourth anniversary of independence and the 136th anniversary of the French conquest. A mosque bearing his name has been constructed as a national shrine in Constantine. He is seen by the Algerians as their national hero.

Iranian Space Agency

The Iranian Space Agency (abbreviated as ISA) is the national space agency of Iran. It was founded in 2004 and it is based in Tehran.

Iran became an orbital-launch-capable country in 2009.
Iran had become one of the 24 founding members of the United Nations Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, which was set up in 1958.


Kerbal Space Program

Kerbal Space Program (abbreviated as KSP) is a 3D space flight simulator video game. It is developed by a Mexican company called Squad. It is based on real life physics. The characters in the game are called “Kerbals” which are astronauts. KSP is available for PlayStation, Xbox and Microsoft Windows platforms. 

Devilman

Devilman (Debiruman) is a manga created by Go Nagai in 1972. Its success led to a series of Anime and spin-off as Devilman Crybaby in 2018.

Steel Jeeg

Steel Jeeg (Kotetsu Jeegu ?) is a manga series created in 1975 by Go Nagai and drawn by Tatsuya Yasuda. After the manga was published an anime series was released in the same year.

Nessma El Jadida

Nessma TV (, translation: Breeze channel) is a television channel from Tunisia. It is available in Tunisia, Morocco, Algeria, Libya and Mauritania. Mediaset owns 25% of it. All programs broadcast on the channel have subtitles in French or Maghrebi Arabic. It broadcasts such programs as the Maghreb version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?, which is called Man sa yarbah al malyoon.

The TV channel was launched on March 16, 2007, by Nabil karoui and Ghazi Karoui in partnership with Tarak Ben Ammar and Silvio Berlusconi. It was created it as a subsidiary of Karoui & Karoui World Group.

On March 11, 2022 it was inaugurated on the Iraqi satellite Shabab Sat on , Nessma TV has made an agreement between Family TV, and is continuing.

Yukichi Chuganji

Yukichi Chuganji (中願寺 雄吉; "Chūganji Yūkichi", 23 March 1889 - 28 September 2003) was a Japanese supercentenarian and at the time of his death at age 114 years, 189 days, the oldest living person. However, he was only verified as the oldest living man, as the oldest living person was believed to be Kamato Hongo, who died of pneumonia just 33 days later at the claimed age of 116 years, 45 days (which, however, later became disputed as she was most likely born at least four years later than claimed).

Chuganji, born in Fukuoka Prefecture on 23 March 1889, graduated from a technical school in the early 1900s and worked as a silkworm breeder, instructor in the agricultural specialty, as a bank employee, and community welfare officer. He had 4 sons and one daughter, who was 74 years old at the time of his death and his only living child, 7 grandchildren and 12 great-grandchildren. He did not like to eat vegetables but liked beef, pork and chicken, and daily ate toffee and drank a glass of milk and the occasional apple juice and only drank alcohol in moderation, which he believed as the secrets to a long life. During the last years of his life, he had failing eye sight and was bedridden.

Chuganji became the oldest living Japanese man after Sadayoshi Tanabe's death on 18 January 2000.

On 23 March 2003, Chuganji became the first Japanese man, and only the second man in the world after 115-year-old Christian Mortensen who died almost 5 years earlier, to become at least 114 years old (although the claimed 120-year-old Shigechiyo Izumi was still believed to have been older, and Denzo Ishizaki who died a year after Christian Mortensen at age 112 years, 191 days claimed to have been two years older).

On the evening of Sunday 28 September 2003, after being served a glass of apple juice by his daughter, Chuganji died of natural causes at age 114 years, 189 days and was the oldest Japanese man ever, though until 25 October 2011 when his record was broken by Jiroemon Kimura.

Chuganji was succeeded as the oldest living person by Mitoyo Kawate of Hiroshima and as the oldest living man by Spaniard Joan Riudavets.

June Bacon-Bercey

June Esther Bacon-Bercey ("née" Griffin, October 23, 1928 – July 3, 2019) was an American international expert on weather and aviation. She worked for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the National Weather Service and the Atomic Energy Commission. 

She was believed to be the first African-American woman to gain a degree in meteorology and was confirmed to be the first African-American woman to be a televised meteorologist.

Bacon-Bercey died under hospice care in Burlingame, California from frontotemporal dementia on July 3, 2019 at the age of 90.

President of Nicaragua

The President of Nicaragua () officially known as the President of the Republic of Nicaragua () is the head of state of Nicaragua. The office was created in the Constitution of 1854. From 1825 until the Constitution of 1838, the head of state of Nicaragua was known simply as Head of State ("Jefe de Estado").


Henry Gray (musician)

Henry Gray (January 19, 1925 – February 17, 2020) was an African-American blues pianist and singer. He was born in Kenner, Louisiana. His career began in the 1930s and had performed with many artists, including Robert Lockwood Jr., Billy Boy Arnold, the Rolling Stones, Muddy Waters and Howlin' Wolf. He created more than 50 albums. He was known for the creation of the distinctive sound of the Chicago blues piano.

In 2017, Gray was added in to the Blues Hall of Fame.

On October 10, 2019, it was confirmed by Gray's family that he had entered hospice care in Baton Rouge. Gray died at the age of 95 on February 17, 2020.


Billy Boy Arnold

William "Billy Boy" Arnold (born September 16, 1935) is an American blues harmonica player and singer-songwriter.

In the early 1950s, he joined forces with street musician Bo Diddley and played harmonica on the March 2, 1955 recording of the Bo Diddley song "I'm a Man" released by Checker Records.

Arnold signed a solo recording contract with Vee-Jay Records, recording the originals of "I Wish You Would" and "I Ain’t Got You".


Robert Lockwood Jr.

Robert Lockwood Jr. (March 27, 1915 – November 21, 2006) was an American Delta blues guitarist. He recorded for Chess Records and other Chicago labels in the 1950s and 1960s. He was the only guitarist to have learned to play directly from Robert Johnson. 

Lockwood is known for his longtime works with Sonny Boy Williamson II and for his work in the mid-1950s with Little Walter.

He was honored with the National Heritage Fellowship awarded by the National Endowment for the Arts, which is the highest honor in the folk and traditional arts in the United States in 1995. 

Lockwood died at the age of 91 in Cleveland from a cerebral aneurysm caused by a stroke on November 21, 2006.

Turkey Scratch, Arkansas

Turkey Scratch is an unincorporated community within Phillips County, Arkansas, United States.

Coventry University

Coventry University is a university in Coventry, England. It was known as Lanchester Polytechnic until 1987. From 1987 it was known as Coventry Polytechnic. It became a university in 1992.

Coventry School of Design was created in 1843. It was renamed Coventry School of Art. Then it was renamed Coventry Municipal Art School in 1902. another name change took place in the 1950s. It became known as Coventry College of Art.

Lanchester College of Technology opened in 1961. It was named after the engineer Frederick Lanchester.

In 1970, three organisations were merged. These were Lanchester College of Technology, Coventry College of Art, and Rugby College of Engineering Technology. The new organisation was called Lanchester Polytechnic.

In 2010, the university opened a campus in London. This was done to attract more international students.

In July 2017, the university announced Margaret Casely-Hayford as its new chancellor. She replaced Sir John Egan.

The "Chancellor" is the formal head of the university. This is a mostly ceremonial role. The current chancellor is Margaret Casely-Hayford. The Chancellor is appointed by the university's Board of Governors. The Chancellor is supported by six Pro-Chancellors. The Chancellor and Pro-Chancellors are appointed for a five year period. The Chancellor can serve for several of those periods. Pro-Chancellors are limited to two periods. The day-to-day management of the university is by the Vice-Chancellor. There are also four Deputy Vice-Chancellors and three Pro Vice-Chancellors. The is Vice-Chancellor John Latham. He has been Vice-Chancellor since March 2014.

Coventry is divided into four faculties. Each faculty is divided into different schools:

Faculty of Arts and Humanities

Faculty of Business and Law
Faculty of Engineering, Environment and Computing

Faculty of Health and Life Sciences

The head of the polytechnic was titled "Principal", and later "Director":



Notable students of Coventry University (and its previous incarnations Lanchester Polytechnic and Coventry Polytechnic) include:

Wikimedian in Residence

A Wikimedian in Residence is somebody who works with an organisation. They can also be known as a Wikipedian in Residence. The name is also shortened to WiR. 

They help the people at the host organisation to understand Wikipedia. They also help them to understand Wikipedia's sister projects. The sister projects include Wikimedia Commons, Wikidata and Wikisource. Usually, WiR do not write about the organisation where they work. Instead, they help experts at their organisation to write about the things they know. 

WiRs work with different types of organisations. These are most often GLAMs (Galleries, Libraries, Archives and Museums). Some residents work in educational institutions such as universities. Sometimes they work across several organizations. If they do, then they can be called a "Wikimedian at Large". one worked across New Zealand. Some WiRs are paid by the organization where they work. Or they can be paid by a Wikimedia-related organization. Some are volunteers. 

The first WiR was at the British Museum. That was in 2010. 

By 2016, more than 100 people had been a WiRs. By 2020 there were more than 220.


Richard Askey

Richard Allen Askey (June 4, 1933 – October 9, 2019) was an American mathematician. He was known for his expertise in the area of special functions. The Askey–Gasper inequality for Jacobi polynomials is essential in de Brange's famous proof of the Bieberbach conjecture. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1993.
In 1999 he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences.

Beppe Bigazzi

Giuseppe Bigazzi (Terranuova Bracciolini, 20 January 1933 – Arezzo, 7 October 2019) was an Italian executive, journalist, television presenter and writer. He was a television presenter for the RAI show "La prova del cuoco".

Jeffrey Wright

Jeffrey Wright (born December 7, 1965) is an American actor. He is best known for his Tony- and Emmy-winning role as Belize in the Broadway production and HBO miniseries "Angels in America". He is also known for his roles as Felix Leiter in the "James Bond" movies "Casino Royale", "Quantum of Solace" and "No Time to Die", Narcisse in the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire", and Beetee in "The Hunger Games" movies. He also played Commissioner James Gordon in the 2022 movie "The Batman".

Lorand Gaspar

Lorand Gaspar (28 February 1925 – 9 October 2019) was a Hungarian–born French poet. He was born in Târgu Mureș, Hungary. He published his first verse collection in 1966, "Le Quatrième État de la matière" (Flammarion) and published a number of prose works and travel books as a photographer.

Gaspar died on 9 October 2019 in Paris at the age of 94.

Filippo Penati

Filippo Luigi Penati (30 December 1952 – 9 October 2019) was an Italian politician. He was born in Monza. He was mayor of Sesto San Giovanni between 1994 and 2001 and president of the Province of Milan between 2004 and 2009. He died in Sesto San Giovanni, aged 66.

Richard Jeranian

Richard Jeranian () 17 July 1921 – 10 October 2019) was an Armenian painter, draftsman and lithographer active in France. 

His works were figurative, surrealist, cubist or abstract periods covering the themes of music, woman and Armenia through figures, landscapes, genre scenes or still lifes in oil and ink. 

Jeranian died on 10 October 2019 at the age of 98.


Tarek Kamel

Tarek Kamel (8 May 1962 – 10 October 2019) was an Egyptian politician and computer engineer. He was Minister of Communications and Information Technology from 2004 through 2011. 

Kamel died on 10 October 2019 in Cairo at the age of 57.

Juliette Kaplan

Marlene Juliette Kaplan (2 October 1939 – 10 October 2019) was a British actress. She was most famous for playing the role of battle-axe Pearl Sibshaw in the BBC comedy "Last of the Summer Wine", from 1985 to 2010.

Kaplan died of cancer of unknown primary origin on 10 October 2019, aged 80.

Marie-José Nat

Marie-José Benhalassa (22 April 1940 – 10 October 2019), known professionally as Marie-José Nat, was a French actress. Her best known roles were in "" and "" (1963), directed by André Cayatte. In 1974, she received a Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for her performance in the movie "Violins at the Ball".

Nat died of cancer in Paris on 10 October 2019 at the age of 79.

Carlo Croccolo

Carlo Croccolo (9 April 1927 – 12 October 2019) was an Italian actor, director and screenwriter. He appeared in more than 100 movies since 1949. His debut came in the 1949 movie "The Firemen of Viggiù".

Croccolo died of pneumonia in Naples on 12 October 2019 at the age of 92.

Yoshihisa Yoshikawa

Yoshihisa Yoshikawa (吉川 貴久, September 4, 1936 – October 12, 2019) was a Japanese shooter. He competed at the 1960, 1964, 1968 and 1972 Olympics in the 50 m pistol event. He won bronze medals in 1960 and 1964.

Angelique Rockas

Angelique Rockas (born in Boksburg, South Africa) is an actress, producer and activist. Rockas founded Internationalist Theatre in the UK with patron Athol Fugard. The company featured multi-racial and multi-national productions of great European classics starting in 1981. "a historic example of theatre work addressing representation in the most valuable manner" As an actress Rockas played roles that challenged casting cliches.

"Rockas attracted admiration as an actress for her strong interpretation of roles".:Medea (play) with Theatro Technis 'Miss Julie' with her own company Internationalist Theatre. Other key performances are: Emma in The Camp by Griselda Gambaro and Annabella in 'Tis Pity She`s a Whore' which was also Rockas`s first theatre production under the banner of 'New Theatre' directed by Declan Donnellan ,and now listed as one of the major productions of Tis Pity for the decade of the 1980`s in the 20th century 

Further stage roles include Carmen in 'The Balcony' , Yvette in 'Mother Courage ' ,Miriam in 'In the Bar of a Tokyo Hotel' , Lady Macbeth , Tatiana in Gorky`s 'Enemies'. 

Work at London`s Theatro Technis under the name of Angeliki : Io in 'Prometheus Bound', Myrrhine in 'Lysistrata', Paphlagoonia in the adaptation of Aristophanes 'The Knights' 'Oh Democracy', 'Dowry with 2 White Doves', and Kyproula in 'The National Engagement', all directed by George Eugeniou.



She played Ms Ortiki in Thodoros Maragos TV Film 'Emmones Idees' on Greek television ERT.

Films: 

As stated in the British Library archives Rockas first production was Ford`s `Tis Pity She`s a Whore ` under the name of New Theatre in 1980 and was a prelude to her creating Internationalist Theatre. Declan Donnellan was commissioned to direct the play. "it is something of a triumph. Naked passion is as raw under a three piece suit as draped in Renaissance brocades". She herself portrayed Annabella as a sinister teenager and not the compliant passive beauty. Various accents from a Scottish, American and South African cast mixed seamlessly in this production as a start to the challenge of contemporary theatre mores 

The company was first named New Internationalist Theatre then changed to Internationalist Theatre
", , whose attack on the practice of war could not— with South Atlantic news filling the front pages— have been more topical.." "The cast ..is made of experienced actors from all over the world and perhaps their very cosmopolitanism helps to bring new textures to a familiar dish ." Breaking racial casting barriers: Why is a Pakistani actor playing the role of the Pastor ? was the question posed by Time Out Magazine critic Malcolm Hay 

Rockas is a Greek Orthodox Christian. She continues her activism on several internet websites where she counteracts attacks on Christianity, offers free online education material , defends womens`, Palestinian and Greek rights 


Denis O'Hare

Denis Patrick Seamus O'Hare (born January 17, 1962) is an American actor. He plays Russell Edgington on HBO's fantasy series "True Blood". He is known for his multiple roles on "American Horror Story".

Steve Zahn

Steven James Zahn (; born November 13, 1967) is an American actor and comedian. His movies include "Reality Bites" (1994), "That Thing You Do!" (1996), "SubUrbia" (1996), "Out of Sight" (1998), "Happy, Texas" (1999), "Riding in Cars with Boys" (2001), "Shattered Glass" (2003), "Sahara" (2005), "Rescue Dawn" (2007), the first three "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" movies, "Dallas Buyers Club" (2013), and "War for the Planet of the Apes" (2017).

Marshall, Minnesota

Marshall is a city in Lyon County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 13,628 at the 2020 census. Marshall is a regional center in southwest Minnesota, and the county seat of Lyon County. 

Ron Woodroof

Ronald Dickson Woodroof (February 3, 1950 – September 12, 1992) was an American activist and businessman who created what would become known as the Dallas Buyer's Club in March 1988. He was born in Dallas, Texas. After being diagnosed with HIV in 1985, he created the group as part of his efforts to find and sell drugs to treat HIV at a time when the disease was poorly understood.

He sued the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) over a ban on peptide T, a drug he was using. Woodroof's final years became the plot of the 2013 movie "Dallas Buyers Club" where Matthew McConaughey played Woodroof.

Woodroof died on September 12, 1992 from pneumonia brought on by AIDS in Dallas at the age of 42.

Paolo Bonaiuti

Paolo Bonaiuti (7 July 1940 – 16 October 2019) was an Italian politician and journalist. He was born in Florence. Bonaiuti worked for "Il Giorno". He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1996 to 2013 and Senate from 2013 to 2018.

Bonaiuti died on 16 October 2019 in Rome after a long-illness at the age of 79.

Chamber of Deputies (Italy)

The Chamber of Deputies () is a house of the bicameral Parliament of Italy (the other being the Senate of the Republic). The two houses together form a perfect bicameral system, meaning they perform identical functions, but do so separately.

Toney Anaya

Toney Anaya (born April 29, 1941) is an American Democratic politician. He was the 26th Governor of New Mexico from 1983 to 1987.

Moriarty, New Mexico

Moriarty is a city in Torrance County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 1,946 at the 2020 Census. It is part of the Albuquerque Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Moriarty is located at (34.999815, -106.046667).

Garrey Carruthers

Garrey Edward Carruthers (born August 29, 1939) is an American politician. He was the 27th Governor of New Mexico from 1987 through 1991. 

He was special assistant to the United States Secretary of Agriculture from 1974 to 1975, director of the New Mexico Water Resources Research Institute at NMSU, state chair of the Republican Party of New Mexico from 1977 to 1979, and assistant Secretary of the Interior for land and resources from 1981 to 1984.

Senate of the Republic (Italy)

The Senate of the Republic () or Senate () is a house of the bicameral Italian Parliament (the other being the Chamber of Deputies). The two houses together form a perfect bicameral system, meaning they perform identical functions, but do so separately. It was created in its current form on 8 May 1948, but existed during the Kingdom of Italy as (Senate of the Kingdom), itself a continuation of the (Subalpine Senate) of Sardinia created on 8 May 1848.

Members of the Senate are styled "Senator" or "The Honourable Senator" () and they meet at Palazzo Madama, Rome.

Wellington Webb

Wellington E. Webb (born February 17, 1941) is an American politician. He was in the Colorado House of Representatives and was the first African American mayor of Denver, Colorado, from 1991 to 2003.


Michael Hancock (politician)

Michael B. Hancock (born July 29, 1969) is an American businessman, author and politician. He was the 45th mayor of Denver, Colorado. He was easily reelected with no significant opposition in 2015.

James F. Conway

James F. Conway (born June 27, 1932) is an American businessman and Democratic politician. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He was elected as the 41st Mayor of the city. He served from 1977 to 1981.

Francis Slay

Francis Gerard Slay (born March 18, 1955) is an American politician and lawyer. He was the 45th Mayor of St. Louis, Missouri from 2001 to 2017. Slay is the longest-serving mayor in St. Louis history. His fourth term started in April 2013. He announced on April 8, 2016 that he would not seek another term as mayor. He is registered in the Democratic Party.

Lyda Krewson

Lyda Krewson (born November 14, 1953) is an American Democratic politician. She was the 46th Mayor of St. Louis, Missouri from 2017 until 2021. From 1997 and 2017, she was the alderman of St. Louis's 28th ward. She was the first female mayor of St. Louis.

Hossein Dehlavi

Hossein Dehlavi () (September 30, 1927 – October 15, 2019) was a Persian composer. He was born in Tehran. For ten years, Dehlavi was the director of and professor at the Persian National Music Conservatory in Tehran. In 1979, he wrote an opera for children called "Mana and Mani".

On October 15, 2019, Dehlavi died at his home in Tehran from Alzheimer’s disease-related problems at the age of 92.


Cacho Castaña

Humberto Vicente Castagna (June 11, 1942 – October 15, 2019), better known as Cacho Castaña, was an Argentine singer-songwriter, composer and actor. He was born in Buenos Aires. He was known for his role in the 2000 movie "Merry Christmas". His best known composition works were "Los Hijos de López" and "El Cabo Tijereta".

Castaña died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease-related problems on October 15, 2019 in Buenos Aires at the age of 77.

Tamara Buciuceanu

Tamara Buciuceanu-Botez, (August 10, 1929 – October 15, 2019) was a Romanian actress. She was one of the most successful Romanian actresses of the 1960s–2000s who worked at Odeon Theatre. She was known for "Liceenii" (1986), (1992), "Silent Wedding" (2008) and "Everybody in Our Family" (2012). Buciuceanu was born in Tighina, Moldova, Romania.

Buciuceanu died of cardiovascular disease at a Bucharest hospital on October 15, 2019 at the age of 90.

Ruben Salazar

Ruben Salazar (March 3, 1928 – August 29, 1970) was a Mexican-American civil rights activist and a reporter for the "Los Angeles Times". He was the first Mexican-American journalist from mainstream media to cover the Chicano community. He was born in Ciudad Juárez, Mexico.

Salazar was killed, aged 42, on August 29, 1970, in Los Angeles, California after he was hit by a tear-gas projectile fired by a Los Angeles County Sheriff's deputy. No criminal charge was filed, but Salazar's family reached an out-of-court financial settlement with the county.

Ivory (color)

Ivory is a color that is mostly white, but with a small amount of yellow. It looks like ivory, the material from which the teeth and tusks of animals (such as, notably, the elephant and the walrus) is made. It has a very slight tint of yellow.

Doc Rivers

Doc Rivers is an American professional basketball coach and former player. He has coached for the Orlando Magic, Boston Celtics, Los Angeles Clippers, and the Philadelphia 76ers. As a player, he played for the Atlanta Hawks, Los Angeles Clippers, New York Knicks, and the San Antonio Spurs.

On May 16, 2023, the 76ers fired Rivers. 


Whirlwind

A whirlwind is a vortex of wind (a straight rotating column of air) that forms because of turbulence created by heating and flow (current) differences. Whirlwinds happen all over the world and in any season.


US Ben Guerdane

Union Sportive de Ben Guerdane () or USBG , is a Tunisian football club, based in the city of Ben Guerdane in southeast Tunisia. Founded in 17 July 1936, the team plays in yellow and black colors. Their ground is Stade du 7 Mars, which has a capacity of 10,000.

He managed to reach for the first time in its history in Tunisian Professional League 1 during the season 2015. The club is chaired in 2016 by Mehdi Dbouba with which the team took a new dimension both on the national and continental level.

Green Eyes (song)

Green Eyes is a popular song. It was originally written in Spanish under the title Aquellos Ojos Verdes ("Those Green Eyes") by Adolfo Utrera and Nilo Menéndez, 1929. The English translation was made by Eddie Rivera and Eddie Woods in 1931.

The song was a bolero, written in 1929 and recorded in Cuba the same year. The English version of the song, written in 1931, became a major hit ten years later when recorded by the Jimmy Dorsey orchestra. On 78 rpm records, "Green eyes" was backed by "Maria Elena", which was also a hit.The record first reached the "Billboard" charts on May 9, 1941 and lasted 21 weeks on the chart, peaking at #1. Both numbers have been covered many times, especially in Latin music circles.

Fix You

"Fix You" is a song by the English band Coldplay.

English-speaking world

Over two billion people speak English. It is the largest language by number of speakers. It is the fourth largest language by number of native speakers. English is the most widely spoken second language.

The United States of America is the largest English-speaking country, with 300 million native speakers. There are 60 million native speakers in the United Kingdom, 29 million in Canada, 25.1 million in Australia, 4.7 million in the Republic of Ireland, and 4.9 million in New Zealand.

In the European Union, English is one of 24 official languages and is widely used by institutions, and by almost all of the population as the native language in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It is a second language in other member states.

Estimates that include second language speakers vary greatly, from 470 million to more than 2 billion. David Crystal calculates that, as of 2003, non-native speakers outnumbered native speakers by a ratio of 3 to 1. When combining native and non-native speakers, English is the most widely spoken language worldwide.

Besides the main dialects of English, countries such as South Africa, India, Nigeria, the Philippines, Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago have millions of native speakers of dialect continua. These versions range from English-based creole languages to Standard English. Other countries such as Ghana and Uganda also use English as their primary official languages.

India now claims to be the world's second-largest English-speaking country. The most reliable estimate is about 10% of its population or 125 million people, second only to the US. It may be four times larger in the next decade from 2012.

Below is a list of some countries by the rank proficiency in English (listed alphabetically), according to the English Proficiency Index.



















Janaki Mandir

Janaki Mandir () is a Hindu temple in Janakpur. This temple is dedicated to the Hindu goddess Sita. It is widely known as the Nau Lakha Mandir (meaning "nine lakhs"). It was built by the Queen Vrisha Bhanu of Tikamgarh.

Alpha Persei Cluster

The Alpha Persei Cluster (also known as Melotte 20 or Collinder 39) is an open cluster in the constellation of Perseus. 

To the naked eye, the cluster has several blue spectral type B type stars. The most luminous member is the ~2nd magnitude white-yellow supergiant Mirfak, also known as Alpha Persei. Bright members also include Delta, Sigma, Psi, 29, 30, 34 and 48 Persei. The Hipparcos satellite and infrared color-magnitude diagram fitting show the cluster as about ~172 parsecs away from us. 

Since the distance by the independent analyses agree, the cluster is an important rung on the cosmic distance ladder. The age of this cluster is about 5070 million years.

Gould Belt

The Gould Belt is a partial ring of stars local to us in the Milky Way. It is about 3000 light years across, tilted from the galactic plane by 16 to 20 degrees. It has many large and bright O- and B-type stars.

The belt may be the local spiral arm to which the Sun belongs. At present the Sun is about 325 light years from the arm's centre. The belt is thought to be from 30 to 50 million years old, and of unknown origin. Benjamin Gould identified it in 1879.

The belt contains bright stars in many constellations including (in order going more or less eastward) Cepheus, Lacerta, Perseus, Orion, Canis Major, Puppis, Vela, Carina, Crux (the Southern Cross), Centaurus, Lupus, and Scorpius (including the Scorpius-Centaurus Association). 

Star-forming regions with bright O and B stars make up the Gould Belt. These regions include the Orion Nebula and the Orion molecular clouds, the Scorpius-Centaurus OB Association, Cepheus OB2, Perseus OB2, and the Taurus-Auriga Molecular Clouds. 

A theory proposed around 2009 suggests that the Gould Belt formed about 30 million years ago when a blob of dark matter collided with the molecular cloud in our region. There is also evidence for similar Gould belts in other galaxies.



Drosophila subobscura

Drosophila subobscura is a species of fruit fly in the family Drosophilidae. 

It was originally found around the Mediterranean, but it has spread to most of Europe and the Near East. It has been introduced into the west coasts of Canada, the United States, and Chile.

In 1933, A.H. Sturtevant captured a species of Drosophila in England. It was a member of "Drosophila subobscura".

"D. subobscura", with others in its species group, is a model organism for evolutionary-biological studies. Its genetics and ecology have been studied for over fifty years.

They have served as favourable models ever since Dobzhansky and his colleagues published their influential works in the 1930s and 40s. 

Their use as a regular laboratory fly was promoted by J.B.S. Haldane and John Maynard Smith at University College London over a period of about 30 years. There it was used for research into population genetics, and for teaching genetics. For many years this species was the European "rival" to the "D. pseudoobscura" favoured by the group in California led by Dobzhansky.

Elijah Cummings

Elijah Eugene Cummings (January 18, 1951 – October 17, 2019) was an American politician and civil rights activist. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives for from 1996 until his death in 2019. Before, he was in the Maryland House of Delegates. He was a member of the Democratic Party and chair of the Committee on Oversight and Reform.

Cummings had surgery to fix his aortic valve in May 2017 and two months later he developed a surgery-related infection. Cummings was later hospitalized for a knee infection. 

On October 17, 2019, Cummings died at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland at the age of 68.

Morton Mandel

Morton Leon Mandel (September 19, 1921 – October 16, 2019) was an American business magnate, entrepreneur, and philanthropist. He founded the Premier Automotive Supply Company in 1940. It later became one of the world's leading industrial parts and electronic distributors. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Mandel died on October 16, 2019 in Florida at the age of 98.


Francisco Guterres

Francisco Guterres, popularly known as Lú-Olo (born 7 September 1954) is an East Timorese politician. He was the 6th President of East Timor from 2017 to 2022. He lost re-election to former President José Ramos-Horta in 2022.

President of East Timor

The President of East Timor, officially the President of the Democratic Republic of Timor Leste (, ), is the head of state in East Timor.

The president is elected by popular vote for a five-year term. Their powers are somewhat limited, though they are able to veto legislation. Following elections, the president usually appoints as the prime minister, the leader of the majority party or majority coalition.




Vicente Guterres

Vicente da Silva Guterres (born 22 January 1956) is an East Timorese politician. He is a member of the National Parliament of East Timor and its Vice-President since 2007.

He was elected President of the National Parliament without opposition in July 2012.

Francisco Xavier do Amaral

Francisco Xavier do Amaral (3 December 1937 – 6 March 2012) was an East Timorese politician. Amaral was sworn in as the first President of East Timor when the country, then a Portuguese colony, made a unilateral declaration of independence on 28 November 1975. 

He was a member of the National Parliament for the Timorese Social Democratic Association from 2001 until his death. 

Nicolau dos Reis Lobato

Nicolau dos Reis Lobato (24 May 1946 – 31 December 1978) was an East-Timorese politician and national hero.

Lobato was the 1st Prime Minister of East Timor from 28 November to 7 December 1975.

On 31 December 1978, Lobato was ambushed by Indonesian special forces and was killed after being shot in the stomach.

Prime Minister of East Timor

The Prime Minister of Timor-Leste (, ) is the head of government in East Timor. The President is the head of state and appoints the Prime Minister.



Rui Maria de Araújo

Rui Maria de Araújo (born 21 May 1964) is an East Timorese politician. He was the Prime Minister of East Timor from 2015 to 2017. He is a member of Fretilin.

He was Minister of Health from 2001 to 2006 and Deputy Prime Minister from 2006 to 2007.

Mari Alkatiri

Mari bin Amude Alkatiri, GCIH ( "") (born 26 November 1949) is a Timorese politician. He was Prime Minister of East Timor from May 2002 until his resignation on 26 June 2006 and again from September 2017 until May 2018. He is the Secretary-General of the Fretilin party, as well as President of the Special Administrative Region of Oecusse.

Estanislau da Silva

Estanislau da Conceição Aleixo Maria da Silva (born 4 August 1952) is an East Timorese politician. He was a key member of the Fretilin. He was the 4th Prime Minister from May 2007 to August 2007.

He was re-elected to a seat in parliament in the June 2007 parliamentary election as the ninth name on Fretilin's candidate list.

Baby Saroja

Saroja Ramamrutham (Tamil: சரோஜா ராமாமிருதம், 28 January 1931 – 14 October 2019), better known by her screen name Baby Saroja, was an Indian actress. She was known for her roles as a child actor in Tamil movies of the late 1930s. She was known as the "Shirley Temple of India" due to her popularity. Her best known roles were "Balayogini" (1937), "Thyagabhoomi" (1939) and "Kamadhenu" (1941).

Saroja died on 14 October 2019 at her Chennai home at the age of 88.

Anke Fuchs

Anke Fuchs (5 July 1937 – 14 October 2019) was a German lawyer and politician. She was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. She was Federal Minister for Youth, Family and Health in 1982 and as Vice President of the Bundestag from 1998 through 2002. From 2003 until 2010, she was the President of the Friedrich Ebert Foundation. Fuchs was born in Hamburg.

Fuchs died on 14 October 2019 Wilhelmshaven, Germany at the age of 82.

Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche

Khenpo Karma Tharchin Rinpoche (3 April 1924 – 6 October 2019), widely known Khenpo Karthar Rinpoche, was a senior lama of the Karma Kagyu school of Tibetan Buddhism. He was abbot of Karma Triyana Dharmachakra (KTD) Monastery in Woodstock, New York from 1976 until his death in 2019. He was born in Kham, Tibet.

Rinpoche died at his home in Woodstock on 6 October 2019 at the age of 95.


Louis Frey Jr.

Louis Frey Jr. (January 11, 1934 – October 14, 2019) was an American politician and radio personality. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1969 until 1979. He represented Florida's 5th district from 1969 to 1973 and the 9th district from 1973 to 1979. He ran unsuccessfully in 1978 for the Republican nomination for governor.

Frey died under hospice care in Winter Park, Florida from dementia-related problems on October 14, 2019 at the age of 85.

Rutherford, New Jersey

Rutherford is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 18,834.

Don Fuqua

John Donald Fuqua (born August 20, 1933) is an American Democratic politician. He was born in Jacksonville, Florida. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Florida's 9th district from 1963 through 1967 and 2nd district from 1967 through 1987.

Bill Gunter

William Dawson "Bill" Gunter Jr. (born July 16, 1934) is an American politician. He was born in Jacksonville, Florida. Gunter was a member of the Democratic Party. Gunter represented Florida in the United States House of Representatives from the 5th district from 1973 through 1975.

From 1976 through 1989, Gunter was Treasurer, Insurance Commissioner, and Fire Marshal of Florida. He unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic rally for the United States Senate three times, all were failed candidacies.

Bohdan Butenko

Bohdan Butenko (8 February 1931 – 14 October 2019) was a Polish cartoonist, illustrator, comic book writer and artist, as well as puppet designer. He was born in Bydgoszcz, Poland. 

His known works include the comic series "Kwapiszon", "Gapiszon" cartoons, as well as "Gucio i Cezar" comics (written by Krystyna Boglar). He published his cartoons in numerous children's magazines, such as "Płomyk", "Płomyczek", "Miś", "Świerszczyk", as well as the magazines "Szpilki" and "Przekrój", and illustrated many children's books.

Butenko died in Warsaw on 14 October 2019 at the age of 88.

Richard Huckle

Richard William Huckle (14 May 1986 – 13 October 2019) was a convicted British serial sex offender. He was arrested by Britain's National Crime Agency and convicted of 71 counts of serious sexual assaults against children while posing as a teacher, photographer and devout Christian in Malaysia. He was born in Ashford, Kent.

Huckle was seen as one of Britain's worst ever paedophiles, despite being only 28 years old at the time of his arrest. On 6 June 2016, he was given 22 life sentences with a minimum prison term of 25 years before being eligible to apply for parole.

On 13 October 2019, Huckle was stabbed to death in his cell at HMP Full Sutton in East Riding of Yorkshire at the age of 33.

Charles Jencks

Charles Alexander Jencks (21 June 1939 – 13 October 2019) was an American cultural theorist, landscape designer and architectural historian. He was the co-founder of the Maggie’s Cancer Care Centres. He published over thirty books and became famous in the 1980s as theorist of Postmodernism. His works include "Garden of Cosmic Speculation" and earthworks at Jupiter Artland outside Edinburgh. His continuing project "Crawick Multiverse", commissioned by the Duke of Buccleuch, opened in 2015 near Sanquhar.

Jencks was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He died at the age of 80 on 13 October 2019 in London of cancer.

Adolfo Mexiac

Adolfo Mexiac (August 7, 1927 – October 13, 2019) was a Mexican graphic artist. He was known for his politically and socially themed work, especially with the Taller de Gráfica Popular. He also painted several murals, the most important of which deals with the history of human law at the University of Colima.

In 2011, a “national homage” was held for the artist at the Museo de la Estampa in Mexico City. He was born in Cuto de la Esperanza, Michoacán.

Mexiac died on October 13, 2019 in Mexico City at the age of 92.

Bergamot essential oil

Bergamot essential oil is an essential oil produced by cells inside the rind (peel) of a bergamot orange fruit. 

The oil is a common scent in perfumes. It is used in Earl Grey tea blends as flavoring. The scent of bergamot essential oil is similar to a sweet light orange peel oil with a floral note.

Serbo-Croatian

Serbo-Croatian is the name of a South Slavic language, which is spoken in modern-day Croatia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Montenegro. After the breakup of Yugoslavia, it has been divided into four variants. The variants of this language are all based on a single dialect, Shtokavian. Speakers of these variants all understand each other.

Between 1954 and 1992, it was one of the official languages of Yugoslavia (the others were Slovenian and Macedonian). The term Serbo-Croatian was first used in the 1830s. Today, people often speak about Croatian, Serbian, Bosnian and Montenegrin languages. Research has also shown that what is called Serbo-Croatian language, is in fact a number of slightly different sub-dialects. People speaking one of the dialects easily understand other people speaking a different dialect. People in Croatia use the Latin alphabet to write the language, while people in other parts use both Latin and Cyrillic alphabets.

Iranian toman

The Iranian toman (; from Mongolian "tomen" 'unit of ten thousand'), is the superunit of the official currency used in Iran, the rial. One toman is equal to ten rials. Even though the rial is the official currency, Iranians use the toman daily.

In the beginning, the toman consisted of 10,000 dinars. Between 1798 and 1825, the toman was split into eight rials, each of 1,250 dinars. In 1825, the qiran was introduced. The qiran was worth 1,000 dinars or one-tenth of a toman.

Vasim Mammadaliyev

Vasim Mammadaliyev (; August 27, 1942 – October 13, 2019) was an Azerbaijani scientist of oriental studies. He was the dean of theology faculty at Baku State University, chairman of a cathedra of Arabic philology and full member of Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences.


Information economics

Information economics is a branch of economics that studies how information and information systems affect an economy. 

Information is not like normal physical products. It influences many decisions but it is hard to trust. It is easy to create and to spread but hard to control. 

Ángel Pérez García

Ángel Pérez García (16 October 1957 – 17 October 2019) was a Spanish footballer. He was born in Madrid. He played as a defender, and was a manager. García played for Real Madrid from 1980 through 1982. From 1985 through 1991, he played for Real Murcia.

García died on 17 October 2019 in Madrid of cancer, a day after his 62nd birthday.

Bob Kingsley

Robert Gibson "Bob" Kingsley (March 19, 1939 – October 17, 2019) was an American country music radio personality. He was host of the nationally syndicated programs "American Country Countdown" (ACC) from 1978 to 2005 and "Bob Kingsley's Country Top 40" from 2006 until his death. In 2010, Kingsley was nominated and added for the National Radio Hall of Fame.

On October 9, 2019, Kingsley was diagnosed with bladder cancer. He died from the disease at his home in Weatherford, Texas a week later on October 17 at the age of 80.

Baldwin Street

Baldwin Street, in Dunedin, New Zealand was the steepest street in the world. In 1987, "Guinness World Records" said it was the steepest. It is in the suburb of North East Valley. It is northeast of Dunedin's central business district.

On 16 July 2019, Ffordd Pen Llech in Wales, became the world's steepest street. Baldwin Street's gradient is 35%, and Ffordd Pen Llech's gradient is 37.45%.


David Hahn

David Charles Hahn (October 30, 1976 – September 27, 2016) was an American who attempted to build a homemade neutron source at the age of 17. He is sometimes called the "Radioactive Boy Scout" or the "Nuclear Boy Scout".

He was a scout in the Boy Scouts of America. Hahn did his experiments without anyone knowing. He did them in a backyard shed at his mother's house in Commerce Township, Michigan. While he never actually was able to build a reactor (what he built was a neutron source), Hahn got the attention of local police when he was stopped for a different reason. The police found things in his vehicle that troubled them. He warned that it was radioactive. His mother's property was cleaned up by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) ten months later as a Superfund cleanup site. Hahn attained Eagle Scout rank shortly after his lab was dismantled.

Hahn was born in Royal Oak, Michigan.

Hahn was a Boy Scout. He was interested in chemistry. He spent years doing amateur chemistry experiments. Those experiments sometimes made small explosions. He was inspired by reading "The Golden Book of Chemistry Experiments", and he tried to get samples of every element in the periodic table. This included the radioactive ones. He later received a merit badge in Atomic Energy. He became interested with the idea of building a breeder reactor in his home. Hahn got a lot of radioactive material by collecting small amounts from household products. It included things such as americium from smoke detectors, thorium from camping lantern mantles, radium from clocks, and tritium from gunsights. His "reactor" was a bored-out block of lead, and he used lithium from $1,000 worth of bought batteries to purify the thorium ash using a Bunsen burner.

On April 23, 2007, the FBI heard that Hahn may have a second breeder reactor in his freezer. The FBI contacted him via telephone. Hahn said that he did not have any radioactive material. The FBI decided he was not a terrorist threat. However, they decided to do a personal interview. During a May 16, 2007 interview at an FBI office, investigators asked Hahn about flyers that he had sent out promoting his book and upcoming film. They also asked about him stealing tires and rims from a vehicle before he joined Navy service. They also asked him about a diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia. FBI agents then interviewed a person (whose name was not given) who said that Hahn was using cocaine a lot. They also said he was not taking his prescribed medication, and that he was paranoid of people that he claimed "had the ability to 'shock' his genitals with their minds". They also said he had possibly been visited by prostitutes. The person also said that he believed that Hahn was still trying to build a reactor, and that Hahn was collecting radium. He said that he did not believe Hahn wanted to hurt anyone, but was worried for his mental health.

In Clinton Township, Michigan on August 1, 2007, Hahn was charged with larceny for removing many smoke detectors from the halls of his apartment building. He wanted to get americium from them. In his mug shot, his face is covered with sores. Investigators believe those sores could be from being near radioactive things, psoriasis, or possible drug use.

Hahn died on September 27, 2016. He was 39 years old. Hahn died in his hometown of Shelby Charter Township, Michigan. His death was accidental and due to intoxication from the combined effects of alcohol, diphenhydramine, and fentanyl.


George Meredith

George Meredith (12 February 1828 18 May 1909) was a Victorian poet and novelist who wrote about Women’s rights and was known for his theories about comedy.

Minor character

A minor character is a fictional character in a book, movie or television series who either does not appear very often or is not very important. The story can continue without the minor characters. 

Designer bag

ita bags or "It bags" began mostly after the Second World War. They became popular and more common in the 1990s. The idea was led by the famous fashion houses, such as Hermès, Chanel, and Louis Vuitton. Their popularity was fuelled by more women having surplus money, and being competitive. Like expensive perfumes, designer bags provide a way for fashion houses to increase income by expanding their range of products. They have become an influential part of the fashion culture.

By 2008 the popularity of the "It bag" was reported to be in decline. In May 2011, although there would always be customers for expensive status bags, Celia Walden reported that the concept of the must-have "It bag" was no longer in fashion.


Graham Douglas Caie

Graham Douglas Caie is an emeritus Scottish scholar, who is vice president of ALLEA, the European Federation of Academies of Sciences and Humanities. In 2015, Graham Caie was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for his services to Education and Research in Britain and Europe.

Graham Caie was born and raised in Aberdeen, Scotland and attended the Aberdeen Grammar School. He completed his MA (hons) in English at the Aberdeen University in 1968, then obtained the degrees of MA (research) and PhD at McMaster University, Canada. 

In 1972, Graham was appointed lecturer at the University of Copenhagen, where he co-founded the Centre for Medieval Studies at Copenhagen, University of Copenhagen. In 1990, he was appointed to the Chair of English Language at Glasgow University. In 2004, he was elected as a Vice President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. He retired from the University of Glasgow, in 2012. In 2014, he became a member of the British Council’s Advisory Committee for Scotland.




Trump–Ukraine scandal

The Trump–Ukraine scandal was a political scandal in the United States. 

In October 2019, a whistleblower anonymously complained that U.S. President Donald Trump, his lawyer Rudy Giuliani, and other high-ranking Trump administration members had made phone calls with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky, asking him to have the Ukrainian government investigate Joe Biden, who was a candidate in the 2020 Democratic primaries at the time; as well as his son Hunter Biden in exchange for keeping U.S. military aid to Ukraine going. The complaint raised concerns that Trump was asking for other countries to interfere in the 2020 presidential election.

The controversy led to an impeachment inquiry against Trump. Because of the scandal, Trump was formally impeached by the U.S. House of Representatives on December 18, 2019. However, the Senate voted to clear Trump of charges.

Ed Beck

Edward Paul Beck (June 28, 1936 – October 16, 2019) was an American college basketball player. He was best known as the starting center and team captain of the "Fiddlin' Five," the University of Kentucky's 1958 NCAA championship team.

Beck finished his college career with 459 points scored (5.6 per game) and 783 rebounds (10.0 per game) in 78 total games.

Beck died on October 16, 2019 in Phoenix, Arizona at the age of 83.


Ding Shisun

Ding Shisun (; September 5, 1927 – October 12, 2019) was a Chinese mathematician, academic administrator, and politician. He was President of Peking University during the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. He was forced to resign afterwards. He later was Chairman of the China Democratic League from 1996 to 2005 and Vice Chairperson of the National People's Congress. He was born in Shanghai. He attended Utopia University in Shanghai from 1944 to 1947.

Ding died on October 12, 2019 in Beijing, aged 92. 

Emilio Nicolas Sr.

Emilio Nicolas Sr. (27 October 1930 – 12 October 2019) was a Mexican-American businessman. He worked with helping to create one of the earliest Spanish-language television stations in the United States. Nicolas created KWEX-TV in San Antonio, which became the cornerstone of the network that would later become Univision.

Nicolas Sr. died at his San Antonio, Texas home on 12 October 2019 from problems caused by progressive supranuclear palsy, aged 88.

Hevrin Khalaf

 

Hevrin Khalaf (; 15 November 1984 – 12 October 2019) was a Kurdish-Syrian politician and civil engineer. She was Secretary General of the Future Syria Party. he was known for her diplomatic skills. Khalaf worked towards increasing tolerance and unity among Christians, Arabs, and Kurds.

Khalaf was killed by the Turkish-backed Ahrar al-Sharqiya fighters near the M4 Motorway in Northern Syria during the Turkish military operation against SDF forces in Rojava on 12 October 2019. According to "The Washington Post", the killing "almost certainly constitute(d) a war crime, under international law".


Anna Quayle

Anne Veronica Maria Quayle (6 October 1932 – 16 August 2019), known professionally as Anna Quayle, was an English actress. In 1963, she won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her role in the original production of "Stop the World – I Want to Get Off".

Her movie roles include "A Hard Day's Night" (1964), "Smashing Time" (1967), "Casino Royale" (1967), and "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" (1968).

Quayle was diagnosed in 2012 with Lewy body dementia. She died on 16 August 2019 at the age of 86.

C. S. Holling

Crawford Stanley (Buzz) Holling, (December 6, 1930 – August 16, 2019) was an American-born Canadian ecologist, born in Theresa, New York. 

Holling was one of the co-founders of ecological economics. 

In 2008, he won the Volvo Environment Prize.

He was an Emeritus Eminent Scholar and Professor in Ecological Sciences at the University of Florida. 

Holling died on August 16, 2019 in Nanaimo, British Columbia at the age of 88.

Theresa, New York

Theresa is a town in Jefferson County, New York, United States. The population was 2,648 at the 2020 census. The town is named after Theresa La Ray, the daughter of an original landowner.

Ecological economics

Ecological economics (also called eco-economics, ecolonomy or bioeconomics of Georgescu-Roegen) is both a transdisciplinary and an interdisciplinary field of academic research about the coevolution of human economies and natural ecosystems. 

By treating the economy as a system of Earth's larger ecosystem, and by the preservation of natural capital, the field of ecological economics is different from environmental economics. 

Nicholas Georgescu-Roegen

Nicholas Georgescu-Roegen (born Nicolae Georgescu, 4 February 1906 – 30 October 1994) was a Romanian American mathematician, statistician and economist. He was best known today for his 1971 magnum opus "The Entropy Law and the Economic Process". He was a key figure in the creation of ecological economics.

Several economists have hailed Georgescu-Roegen as a man who lived well ahead of his time, and some historians of economic thought have proclaimed the ingenuity of his work.


Meir Shamgar

Meir Shamgar () (August 13, 1925 – October 18, 2019) was an Israeli general and judge. He was a member of the Irgun. He was the chief justice of the Israeli Supreme Court from 1983 to 1995. Shamgar was born in Danzig.

Shamgar died on October 18, 2019 at the age of 94.

Aharon Barak

Aharon Barak (, born Erik Brick; 16 September 1936) is an Israeli jurist. He is the Professor of Law at the Interdisciplinary Center in Herzliya. Barak was President of the Supreme Court of Israel from 1995 to 2006. Before, he was a Justice of the Supreme Court of Israel (1978–95), as the Attorney General of Israel (1975–78), and as the Dean of the Law Faculty of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem (1974–75).

Chris Messina

Christopher Messina (born August 11, 1974) is an American actor and movie director. He is known for his roles in "Vicky Cristina Barcelona", "Argo", "Julie & Julia", "Ruby Sparks", "Celeste and Jesse Forever", "You've Got Mail" and "Birds of Prey". He starred in the movie "The Giant Mechanical Man". 

On television, he appeared in roles as Chris Sanchez in "Damages", Reese Lansing in "The Newsroom" and as Danny Castellano in "The Mindy Project".

Northport, New York

Northport is a historic village in the Town of Huntington on Long Island, New York. Northport is known for its Victorian era village center, still bearing trolley rails. As of 2020, the village has a population of around 7,347.

Shea Whigham

Franklin Shea Whigham Jr. (born January 5, 1969) is an American actor. He played Elias "Eli" Thompson in the HBO drama series "Boardwalk Empire", and also had notable supporting roles in "", "Death Note", "Take Shelter", the first season of "True Detective", the third season of the anthology television series "Fargo", and "Joker".

Bill Camp

William Camp (born October 13, 1961) is an American actor. He became famous for playing supporting roles in many movies such as "Lincoln" (2012), "12 Years a Slave" (2013), "Loving" (2016), "Jason Bourne" (2016), "Molly's Game" (2017), "Red Sparrow" (2018), "Vice" (2018) and "Joker" (2019).

Frances Conroy

Frances Hardman Conroy (born November 13, 1953) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Ruth Fisher on the television series "Six Feet Under". She is also known for playing multiple roles in the "American Horror Story" television series. In 2019, she played Penny Fleck in "Joker".

Frikandel

A frikandel is a Dutch fast food. It is often a snack eaten with French fries. It has the appearance of a sausage with flat ends.

Tobermory, Mull

Tobermory (Scottish Gaelic: "Tobar Mhoire)" is a town on the Isle of Mull in Scotland. It has roughly around 1,000 people. Historically the town was a fishing port.

Tobermory is well known for hosting the children's television show "Balamory".

Jambuda

Jambuda (Gujarati: જાંબુડા, Hindi: जांबुडा) is a small village in the Jamnagar district of the Indian state of Gujarat. The village has communities of Gadhavi, Rajgor Brahmin, Patels, shepherd, Charaniya and Kori.

Jambuda is about away from Jamnagar city, and on the way to Sainik School Balachadi. Historical book Yaduvanshprakash says that Jambuda village is older than 400 years. It is considered that the village was named as "Jambuda" due to the large number of Java plum tree, and the heavy production of Java plum fruits. karsan pala paliya was notable personality in village.


John Ross Robertson

John Ross Robertson (December 28, 1841 – May 31, 1918) was a Canadian newspaper publisher, politician, and philanthropy. He was from Toronto, Ontario. Between 1896 and 1900, Robertson was a member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada. He represented the electoral area of Toronto East.

Robertson was involved in many projects in the Toronto community. For example, he was a leader of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA). He fought very hard to make rules in amateur hockey. He is a part of the Hockey Hall of Fame.


Multiplayer online battle arena

MOBA is an abbreviation for "Multiplayer Online Battle Arena". League of Legends is an example of a MOBA.

Multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) is a subgenre of strategy video games that has gained immense popularity since the early 2000s. MOBAs are typically team-based games where players control a single character or unit and work together with their team to achieve a common goal.

Gameplay in MOBAs usually involves two opposing teams, each trying to destroy the other team's base while defending their own. Players must work together to defeat computer-controlled enemy units and gain experience and gold, which can be used to purchase upgrades and items for their characters.

One of the most popular MOBAs is League of Legends, which was released in 2009 and has since become one of the most played online games in the world. Other popular MOBAs include Dota 2, Smite, and Heroes of the Storm.

MOBAs require a combination of strategic thinking, quick reflexes, and teamwork to succeed. Players must communicate effectively with their teammates, manage resources, and make split-second decisions in order to gain an advantage over their opponents.

The rise of MOBAs has led to the development of professional esports leagues and tournaments, where teams of players compete for large cash prizes. The popularity of these events has helped to legitimize video gaming as a competitive sport and has brought gaming into the mainstream.

While MOBAs are known for their fast-paced, action-packed gameplay, they can also be complex and difficult to learn. Many MOBAs have extensive tutorials and learning resources to help new players get started, but it can take months or even years to become proficient at the game.

Despite the challenges, MOBAs remain one of the most popular genres in gaming, with millions of players around the world logging on to play each day. With new games and updates being released regularly, the MOBA genre shows no signs of slowing down anytime soon.

Nikolai Durov

Nikolai Durov founded Telegram messaging service with his brother Pavel Durov.

Telegram was launched in 2013 by the brothers Nikolai and Pavel Durov. Previously the pair founded the Russian social network VK, which they left when it was taken over by the Mail.ru Group. Nikolai Durov created the MTProto protocol that is the basis for the messenger, while Pavel provided financial support and infrastructure through his Digital Fortress fund with partner Axel Neff joining as a second co-founder.

Truncus arteriosus

Truncus arteriosus is a stage in the development of the heart. It is the arterial trunk that starts from both ventricles of the heart. Later it divides into the aorta and the pulmonary trunk.

"Failure of the truncus arteriosus to close results in the condition known as persistent truncus arteriosus", a rare congenital heart defect. It is a type of heart disease.

People are born with this condition. There are no cures. If not operated on at an early age people may die from this condition.

Nash equilibrium

In game theory, the Nash equilibrium is a proposed solution of a non-cooperative game having two or more players in which each player knows the equilibrium strategies of the other players, and no player can gain anything more by changing only their own strategy. The equilibrium is named after John Forbes Nash Jr..

If each player has chosen, and no player can win anything more by choosing a different strategy for themselves, then they have a Nash equilibrium.

General Order No. 11 (1863)

General Order No. 11 is the name of a Union Army order given on August 25, 1863 during the American Civil War. It forced people from rural areas in four counties in western Missouri to leave. The order, given by Union General Thomas Ewing, Jr., affected all rural people regardless of whether they liked the Union or the Confederacy. Those who could prove their loyalty for the Union were allowed to stay in the affected area. However, they still had to leave their farms and move to towns near military outposts. Those who could not show prove their loyalty had to leave the area.

More than 140 years later, towns affected by General Order No. 11 are still less developed than their neighbors.


The Atlantic

The Atlantic is an American magazine and publisher. It was created in 1857 in Boston, Massachusetts, and it was called The Atlantic Monthly, which was a literary and cultural commentary magazine that published famous writers' opinions on the abolition of slavery, education, and other important issues in politics. Its creators included Francis H. Underwood and famous writers Ralph Waldo Emerson, Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Harriet Beecher Stowe, and John Greenleaf Whittier. James Russell Lowell was its first editor. It was also known for publishing literary works by leading writers.

In 2016, the editorial board endorsed a presidential candidate, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, for the third time since the magazine's creation. This was to rebuke Republican Donald Trump's candidacy. After the election, the magazine has become a strong critic of President Trump. The March 2019 cover article by editor Yoni Appelbaum formally calls for the impeachment of Donald Trump: "It's time for Congress to judge the president's fitness to serve."


Wishbone Ash

Wishbone Ash are a British rock band. They started in Torquay, England in 1969. They were most popular in the 1970s. The first and main members were Martin Turner (bass and vocals), Steve Upton (drums), Andy Powell (guitar and vocals) and Ted Turner (guitar and vocals). After Ted Turner left the group in 1974, Laurie Wisefield became the new guitarist. Since then, the group have had many different members. Only Andy Powell is still in the band.

They are well known as one of the first bands to use two lead guitars in hard rock. This inspired bands like Iron Maiden. Their most popular album is "Argus" (1972), which got up to number 3 on the UK Albums Chart in 1972.


Michael Finnegan

Michael Kwame Finnegan (born Michael Myvett; ) is a Belizean politician and hoster. He is a member of the United Democratic Party (UDP). He is currently Minister of Housing and Urban Development in Prime minister, Dean Barrow's Cabinet since 14 February 2008.

James Blanchard

James Johnston Blanchard (born August 8, 1942) is an American politician. He is a Democrat. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1975 through 1983, as the 45th Governor of Michigan from 1983 through 1991, and as United States Ambassador to Canada from 1993 through 1995.


David Weisman

David Weisman (March 11, 1942 – October 9, 2019) was an American movie director, producer, author, and graphic artist. He was known for directing the movie "Ciao! Manhattan" and for producing "Kiss of the Spider Woman". Weisman was born in Binghamton, New York.

Weisman died on October 9, 2019 of problems caused by the West Nile virus at a Los Angeles hospital, aged 77.

Bernard Fisher (scientist)

Bernard Fisher, MD, FACS (August 23, 1918 – October 16, 2019) was an American surgeon. He was known for his works in the biology and treatment of breast cancer. 

He was Chairman of the National Surgical Adjuvant Breast Project at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. His work helped spot that early-stage breast cancer could be treated better by lumpectomy, in combination with radiation therapy, chemotherapy, and/or hormonal therapy, than by radical mastectomy. suiiiii

Göran Malmqvist

Nils Göran David Malmqvist (6 June 1924 – 17 October 2019) was a Swedish linguist, literary historian, sinologist and translator. He worked for seven years at the Australian National University in Canberra during the 1950s.

During the 1970s, he was also working on the translation of the over thousand page picaresque novel "Shui Hu zhuan". The Swedish title is "Berättelser från träskmarkerna" (Tales from the swamps) and the work appeared in four volumes between 1976 and 1979.

Malmqvist was elected to the Swedish Academy on 11 April 1985 and admitted on 20 December 1985.


Nicolás Díaz

Nicolás Díaz Sánchez (August 10, 1929 – October 18, 2019) was a Chilean politician and cardiologist. He was a member of the Christian Democrat Party of Chile (PDC). From 1963 through 1964 and again from 1967 through 1968, he was Mayor of Rancagua. 

He died on October 18, 2019 in Rancagua at the age of 90.

Horace Romano Harré

Horace Romano Harré (; 18 December 1927 – 18 October 2019), known widely as Rom Harré, was a New Zealand-born British philosopher and psychologist. 

He taught mathematics at King's College, Auckland (1948–53) and the University of Punjab in Lahore, Pakistan (1953–4). From 2009 until 2011 he was Director Centre for Philosophy of Natural and Social Science at the London School of Economics.

His written works were about philosophy of mathematics, philosophy of science, ontology, psychology, social psychology, sociology and philosophy.

Mark Hurd

Mark Vincent Hurd (January 1, 1957 – October 18, 2019) was an American businessman. He was co-CEO and a member of the board of directors of Oracle Corporation. He was Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and president of Hewlett-Packard, before resigning in 2010.

He was also on the Board of Directors of Globality and was a member of the Technology CEO Council and board of directors of News Corporation until 2010.

In September 2019, Hurd went on medical leave for health reasons. Hurd died on October 18, 2019 at the age of 62.

Rui Jordão

Rui Manuel Trindade Jordão (; 9 August 1952 – 18 October 2019) was a Portuguese footballer. He played with Benfica and Sporting for most of his career. He won the Silver Ball award twice, once with each team.

Jordão represented the Portugal national team for 16 years from 1972 through 1989.

Jordão died on 18 October, 2019 while at a hospital in Cascais, Portugal due to heart disease at the age of 67.

Argus (album)

Argus is the third studio album by British rock band Wishbone Ash. It was released on 28 April 1972 on Decca and MCA Records. It is the band’s most popular album and got up to number 3 on the UK Albums Chart in 1972.

Music by Wishbone Ash, lyrics by Martin Turner, except "Time Was" by Ted Turner & Martin Turner, "Leaf and Stream" by Steve Upton.

Music by Wishbone Ash;
Lyrics by Martin Turner.

All songs composed by Wishbone Ash.



Paul Pape

Paul Pape (born July 17, 1952) is an American actor and voice actor known for the role of "Double J" in the 1977 movie "Saturday Night Fever". Post Saturday Night Fever, he has appeared in over 20 movies. He also played a supporting role in the 2008 racing video game "" as Lt. Jack M. Keller.

Pape was born in Rochester, New York.



Ain't Nobody

"Ain't Nobody" is a song by the American soul music group Rufus and singer Chaka Khan. It was released in September 1983 as the lead single from the group's live album, "Stompin' at the Savoy". It was written by David "Hawk" Wolinski and produced by Russ Titelman. It became a signature song for both Rufus and Khan.

The song reached number 22 on the Hot 100 in the US and reached number one on the R&B chart.

Dr. Dolittle 2

Dr. Dolittle 2 is a 2001 American comedy film and a sequel to the 1998 film "Dr. Dolittle". The film again stars Eddie Murphy in the title role of a doctor who can talk to animals, as well as Raven-Symoné as his daughter. It was written by Larry Levin, one of the co-writers of "Dr. Dolittle" and directed by Steve Carr.

OnePlus

OnePlus Technology is a Chinese company who makes smartphones, headphones, and backpacks. OnePlus was made in 2013 by Pete Lau and Carl Pei. Carl Pei left in October of 2020 to "pursue new ventures" and to "take some time to decompress and spend time with his family." OnePlus is owned by BBK Electronics, BBK Electronics also owns Oppo, Vivo, and Realme. OnePlus has a small presence in America with only 0.61% control of the market. In India they have a big presence with 29% control. OnePlus office is in Shenzhen, China.

Oneplus makes new products every year. The popular ones are the cellphone of which are: OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, OnePlus X, OnePlus 3, OnePlus 4, Onplus 5, Oneplus 6, OnePlus 7, and the OnePlus 8. All the phones from OnePlus 3 and on also have diffrent options such as the T option and the Pro option. 
In 2020 OnePlus also made a new cheap product named the OnePlus Nord. They are cellphones for people who want a nice phone but cannot afford to purchase an expensive phone. OnePlus Nord got its first software update. This Software Update started around August 4, 2020, in India. It made the system better. It also made depth sensor effect better, and it was called version 10.5.1.AC01DA. OnePlus sometimes put special colors on the phones like the McLaren Edition.

In 2020 OnePlus made a wearable watch. The first product is the OnePlus Band, a fitness smartwatch. It comes in three colors. It is only available in India.

OnePlus has good charging. Every phone is shipped with an extremely fast charger. OnePlus introduced its wireless charger. It can also charge at the same speed. If it is not made by OnePlus then it will be slower.

OnePlus has its own brand of televisions with three options. The Q series, the Y series, and the U series.

OnePlus was made on 16 December 2013 by former Oppo vice-president Pete Lau and Carl Pei. The company's main goal was to design a smartphone that would balance expensive quality with a lower price, believing that people who buy the phones would "Never Settle" for the lower-quality phones made by other companies. Lau explained that "we will never be different just for the sake of being different. Everything done has to improve the phone. The actual experience in day-to-day use has to get better. The company showed its first phone, the OnePlus One, on 23 April 2014. It intended to capture the market from the Google Nexus series.[10] In December 2014, with the release of the OnePlus One in India exclusively through Amazon, OnePlus also announced plans to establish a presence in the country, with plans to open 25 official walk-in service centers across India. According to market research firm Counterpoint Research, OnePlus topped the Indian premium smartphone market last year with a 33 percent share, beating Samsung Electronics with 26 percent. In the IDC survey, OnePlus ranked third in India's market with more than $500 in the first quarter of this year after Apple and Samsung Electronics. And it ranked second after China's Vivo in the 300-500-dollar market.

Ace Ventura: Pet Detective

Ace Ventura: Pet Detective is a comedy movie starring Jim Carrey as Ace Ventura. The movie co-stars Courteney Cox, Tone Loc, Sean Young and former Miami Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino and features a cameo appearance from death metal band Cannibal Corpse.

Cormicy

Cormicy is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of Gernicourt (Aisne) was merged into Cormicy.


Courjeonnet

Courjeonnet is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.

North East, Maryland

North East is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States. It is between Philadelphia and Baltimore. The population was 4,085 at the 2020 census.

North East is located at .

China Miéville

China Tom Miéville ( ; born 6 September 1972) is a British urban fantasy fiction author, essayist, comic book writer, socialist political activist and literary critic. He often describes his work as "weird fiction".

Miéville has won many awards, including the Arthur C. Clarke Award (thrice), the British Fantasy Award (twice), Locus Awards for Best Fantasy Novel (four times) and Best Science Fiction Novel and Best Novelette and Best Young Adult Book, as well as the Hugo, Kitschies, and World Fantasy Awards.

Born in Norwich, Miéville was brought up in Willesden and has lived in London since early childhood. He grew up with his sister Jemima and mother Claudia, a translator, writer and teacher. His parents separated soon after his birth. He has said that he "never really knew" his father. They chose his first name, China, from a dictionary, looking for a beautiful name. Because his mother was born in New York City, Miéville is an American and British citizen.

Miéville studied at Oakham School, a co-educational independent school in Oakham, Rutland, for two years. At the age of eighteen, in 1990, he taught English for a year in Egypt, where he developed an interest in Arab culture and in Middle Eastern politics.

Miéville studied for a BA degree in social anthropology at Clare College, Cambridge. He graduated in 1994. He next earned a master's degree and then a PhD in international relations from the London School of Economics in 2001. Miéville has also held a Frank Knox fellowship at Harvard University. After becoming dissatisfied with the ability of post-modern theories to explain history and political events, he became a Marxist at university. A book version of his PhD thesis, "Between Equal Rights: A Marxist Theory of International Law", was published in the UK in 2005 by Brill in their "Historical Materialism" series, and in the United States in 2006 by Haymarket Books.
Miéville has been a member of the International Socialist Organization (US) and, until 13 March 2013, was also a member of the Socialist Workers Party (UK). He stood for the House of Commons of the United Kingdom in the 2001 general election as a candidate for the Socialist Alliance. He did not win. He got 459 votes, or 1.2%, in Regent's Park and Kensington North, a Labour constituency.











Giants in the Trees

Giants in the Trees are an American rock band formed in Wahkiakum County, Washington in 2017. It was founded by former Nirvana bass player Krist Novoselic.


Preamble to the Constitution of India

The Preamble to the Constitution of India is a preliminary statement or introduction. It guides the people of the nation and presents the principles of the constitution. The hopes and aspirations of the people are drawn in it. The preamble can be related to the introduction which highlights the entire constitution.

The Indian preamble states that - "Preamble declares India to be a sovereign, socialist, secular and democratic republic. ... The objectives stated by the preamble are to secure justice, liberty, equality to all citizens and promote fraternity to maintain unity and integrity of the nation".

It was approved on 26 November 1949 by the Constituent Assembly and came into effect on 26 January 1950, celebrated as the Republic day in India.

The Preamble is based on “Objective Resolution”, of Nehru. Jawaharlal Nehru proposed an objective resolution and that is when Dr BR Ambedkar designed the text of the constitution and preamble.

The objectives of the preamble are explained in brief here. For a word by word explanation of the preamble, refer to this.

Aport

Aport is a variety of apple that is grown in Russia and some other countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States. It is over 150 years old. After being brought to the Alatau Mountain area of Kazakhstan in the latter half of the nineteenth century, it was modified to its current state due to the different soil and altitude. The apples weigh between 200 and 500 grams. The skin is a light green and red color. The meat has a crisp, medium density. The apples are sweet. The aport is a fall-ripening fruit.

The aport apple is a symbol of the city of Almaty.


Skipjack tuna

The skipjack tuna ("Katsuwonus pelamis") is a fish in the tuna family.


Narayanganj

Narayanganj is a city in central Bangladesh. The Port of Narayanganj is an important shipping and industrial center. It is also a center of business and industry, especially making and selling jute and the textiles. It is nicknamed the Dundee of Bangladesh because of its many jute mills.


4S Ranch, California

4S Ranch is an unincorporated community of San Diego County in California.


Ansel, California

Ansel is an unincorporated county in Kern County, California, in the United States. It has an elevation of 2,516 feet (767 m).

Kemetism

Kemetism (also called Kemeticism, Neterism, or Egyptian neopaganism) is a new religious movement that wants to revive the Ancient Egyptian religion. The movement started in the 1970s; most of its followers live in the United States, in France or in the Czech Republic.

Dennis Trident 2

The Dennis Trident 2 is a 2-axle low-floor double-decker bus chassis, It was built in 1999 by Dennis and then TransBus International and then Alexander Dennis.

It was available with Alexander ALX400, Plaxton President and East Lancs Lolyne/Myllennium Lolyne bodywork.

In 2005, Alexander Dennis made a new version of Trident 2 chassis for its Enviro400 double-decker called the Enviro400 chassis, the name "Trident 2" continued to be used 

The new version of Trident 2 chassis was also available with Darwen/Optare Olympus bodywork, the first example was delivered to CT Plus of London in 2008.

In 2008, Alexander Dennis launched the hybrid-electric powered version of Trident 2 for the Alexander Dennis Enviro400H chassis.


East Lancashire Coachbuilders

East Lancashire Coachbuilders Limited was a builder of bus bodies founded in 1934 in Blackburn, Lancashire, England.

On 17 August 2007, the company went into administration, but was saved and bought out by the Darwen Group. The new company was called Darwen East Lancs.

In 2008, Darwen East Lancs was purchased by Optare.

East Lancs bodies stopped being built and the factory in Blackburn closed in 2012.

East Lancs had many different types of bodywork. They deliberately misspelled names, replacing the letter i with a letter y.








The Kinetec was made in 2006. They are low-floor bodies for MAN chassis. They have the Esteem/Olympus body but with MAN's own Lion's City design front and rear.

Anizy-le-Grand

Anizy-le-Grand is a new commune in the department of Aisne in the region Hauts-de-France in north France. It was created on 1 January 2019 and is made of the former communes of Anizy-le-Château, Faucoucourt and Lizy.

Wasserbourg

Wasserbourg is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Mbira

The mbira or kalimba is an African musical instrument.

Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi

The Vanchit Bahujan Aaghadi (translation: Deprived Majority Front; VBA) is an Indian political party founded by Prakash Ambedkar on 20 March 2018. The party is based in Maharashtra.

Puppy Bowl

The Puppy Bowl is an annual program on Animal Planet.

It's shown each year on Super Bowl Sunday.

There are two teams Team Ruff and Team Fluff. started in 2005 February 6

Garlic production in China

Garlic production in China is 80% of the world's production. As of 2016, it's the largest production of garlic in the world.

Press (TV series)

Press is a six part mini series on BBCOne and PBS. It is about two rival news papers.

Emma Hwang

Emma Y. Hwang is a scientist from Taiwan and the United States. She was an aquanaut on the NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations 5 () crew in June 2003.

Hwang was born in Taiwan on 21 July 1970. She moved with her family to the United States at the age of two. Most of her early education was in Texas.

Hwang received her bachelor’s degree in biomedical engineering at Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts. Hwang moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan to attend graduate school at the University of Michigan where she earned two master's degrees. One was in biomedical engineering and the other in electrical engineering. While in graduate school, she also became a teacher in the martial arts of Aikido and Iaido.

Hwang joined Wyle Laboratories in September 2001. At first she worked as a scientist in the sensors group. This work included research for monitoring the health of cell cultures on the space shuttle or station. In 2002 she moved to the neurosciences group. This group studies the effects of space flight on astronauts, with a focus on helping them adapt to space and their return to Earth. In 2011, Hwang moved to the Integrated Science & Engineering (ISE) group.

In June 2003, Hwang became an aquanaut in the NASA andNOAA, (NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations) project. This was held in Aquarius, the world's only undersea research laboratory. NEEMO 5 was the longest NEEMO mission to that date. The crew lived underwater for fourteen days.


North–South divide in Taiwan

North-South divide in Taiwan is made out of Taiwanese government's long-term over-investment in northern Taiwan that led to imbalance in economic development, political authority, medical access, educational supply, savings, and other kind of inequalities between northern and southern Taiwan. Because of this imbalances, southern Taiwanese often feel they're not fairly treated by the government.

In Taiwan, best schools and educational institutions supported by Taiwanese government are based in northern Taiwan. If you're southern Taiwanese wanting to study deeper, you will need to go to northern Taiwan. If you're an engineer or manager in a company, you will often need to go to northern Taiwan to update your knowledge.

From 1980 to 2000 in Taiwan, money that is paid, usually every month, to an employee was getting higher and higher leading to a tendency that companies moved out of Taiwan.

At the same time, many companies, who were able to earn more and thus pay more to their employees, started to grow in Taiwan. These companies made higher-value-added products and offered jobs needing college education not the kind of work that needs physical skills or strength in the past. Because Taiwan's higher educational institutions were near Taipei City, Taiwan, these "new companies" liked to go to northern Taiwan to run businesses.

Before 1980, Taiwan's main industries were farming, fishing, light industries and heavy industries. . Thanks to Japanese's policy that equally distributed resources for economic development, southern Taiwanese could find a job near their home in that time and even in the early time of the governance by KMT who succeeded Japanese to rule Taiwan since 1945. 

Since Taiwanese government invests everything in northern Taiwan, southern Taiwanese have had to go away from their home in southern Taiwan to northern Taiwan to find jobs. 

More and more Taiwanese move to northern Taiwan. However, northern Taiwan just has a little plain in the need of buildings. As a result, the price tags for people from southern Taiwan to buy a house in northern Taiwan to live become very expensive. 

Because of the expensive housing price, people in northern Taiwan have no choice but cut their desire to have babies. At the same time, southern Taiwanese don't have enough money to own a baby. So southern Taiwanese cut their desire to have babies, too. These lead to very low birth rate in Taiwan. After many southern Taiwanese moved to northern Taiwan, because they didn't own a house in northern Taiwan and were new to the environment, these movers' pockets generally not deep enough to pay a new house to start a family.

These lead to very low birth rate in Taiwan. Taiwan is one of the countries with the lowest brith rates in the world.

In southern Taiwan, the Skipped Generation Families/Grand-parenting Families are very often seen. In that, because many young children's parents have left to northern Taiwan to work. In the end, grand-parents become these young children's "real parents".

Gilberto Aceves Navarro

Gilberto Aceves Navarro (September 24, 1931 – October 21, 2019) was a Mexican painter and sculptor. He was a professor at the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plásticas and Academy of San Carlos.

He had over 200 individual exhibits of his work with his murals found in Mexico, Japan and the United States. He received many awards for his work including grants as a Creador Artístico of the Sistema Nacional de Creadores de Arte, Premio Nacional de Ciencias y Artes and Bellas Artes Medal from the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes.

Aceves Navarro died in Mexico City from lung disease at the age of 88.

Frankie Banali

Frankie Banali (November 14, 1951 – August 20, 2020) was an American rock drummer. He was best known for his work with multi-platinum heavy metal band Quiet Riot and was the only member remaining from the band's classic lineup. 

He was the band's manager since 1994. He played drums in the heavy metal band W.A.S.P., as well as with Billy Idol. Banali was briefly a touring drummer for Faster Pussycat and Steppenwolf.

In October 2019, Banali was diagnosed with stage-V pancreatic cancer. He died from the disease in Los Angeles on August 20, 2020 at the age of 68.

2019–2022 Chilean protests

Many civil protests against poverty are taking place in several cities in Chile. The protests began in the capital Santiago as a campaign by secondary school students to avoid paying the Metro de Santiago subway in response to recent price hikes, leading to multiple takeovers of the city's main train stations. 

This had led to open confrontations with the national police (Carabineros). 

On 18 October, the situation escalated as organized bands of protesters rose in rebellion across the city, taking control of many terminals of the Santiago Metro network (part of "Red") and disabling them with extensive infrastructure damage. The Metro network was disabled in its entirety.

On 18 October, President of Chile Sebastián Piñera announced a state of emergency, sending Chilean Army forces across the main regions to enforce order and crack down on the destruction of public property because of privatization.

A curfew was declared on 19 October in the Greater Santiago area, for the first time since 1987, at the end of the Pinochet dictatorship.

Billy Idol

William Michael Albert Broad (born 30 November 1955), known professionally as Billy Idol, is an English rock musician and singer-songwriter. He became famous in the 1970s as a member of Generation X. He later began a solo career which led to international fame and made Idol a lead artist during the MTV-driven "Second British Invasion" in the United States.

Idol's second studio album, "Rebel Yell" (1983), was a major commercial success, featuring hit singles "Rebel Yell" and "Eyes Without a Face". In 1986, he released "Whiplash Smile". Idol then released two studio albums, "Charmed Life" (1990) and the concept album "Cyberpunk" (1993).

Taras Kutovy

Taras Viktorovych Kutovy (; 25 February 1976 – 21 October 2019) was a Ukrainian economist and politician. He was born in Kiev. He was a member of the Verkhovna Rada from 2012 through 2014. He was Minister of Agrarian Policy and Food from 2016 through 2018.

Kutovy was killed in a helicopter crash on 21 October 2019 in Poltava Oblast at the age of 43.

Huang Yong Ping

Huáng Yǒng Pīng (; 18 February 1954 – 20 October 2019) was a Chinese-French contemporary artist and one of the most famous Chinese Avant-garde artists. He was born in Xiamen, China. He was seen as the most controversial artist of the Chinese art scene in the 1980s.

In 1999, Huang represented France in the Venice Biennale. In 2016, his piece "Empires" was selected for the Monumenta biennial exposition at the Grand Palais in Paris. 

Huang died in Paris, aged 65, on 20 October 2019. The cause of death was a cerebral hemorrhage.

Juan González (journalist)

Juan González (born October 15, 1947) is an American progressive broadcast journalist and investigative reporter. He was also a columnist for the New York "Daily News" from 1987 to 2016. He co-hosts the radio and television program "Democracy Now!" with Amy Goodman.

Amy Goodman

Amy Goodman (born April 13, 1957) is an American broadcast journalist, columnist, investigative reporter, and author. Since 1996, she has been the main host of "Democracy Now!".

Bay Shore, New York

Bay Shore is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Islip, Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population of the CDP was 29,244 at the time of the 2020 census.

Eric Cooper

Eric Richard Cooper (December 18, 1966 – October 20, 2019) was an American professional baseball umpire. He was born in Des Moines, Iowa. His Major League Baseball (MLB) career spanned 1999 until his death in October of 2019. He wore umpire uniform number 56. Cooper officiated in ten Division Series, four League Championship Series, three Wild Card Games, one All-Star Game, and one World Series. 

Cooper died at his father's home in Iowa on October 20, 2019 from a blood clot caused by knee surgery at the age of 52.

Wordsworth House

Wordsworth House is a Georgian townhouse in Cockermouth, Cumbria, England. It is owned by the National Trust.

It was built in the mid-18th century. William Wordsworth was born in the house in 1770. The house is a Grade I listed building. It is open to the public as a museum from March to October of each year.

In November 2009, Cumbria was hit by flooding. Wordsworth House was affected, but volunteers were able to save many of the artifacts.


Vyda Ragulskienė

Vyda Kęsgailaitė-Ragulskienė was a Lithuanian scientist, inventor, and professor. She was the first woman to attain habilitation in engineering in Lithuania.

Ragulskienė was born in 1931 in the village of Dapšiai, Lithuania. In 1955, she graduated from Kaunas Polytechnical Institute. She then became a research associate at the Lithuanian Academy of Sciences until 1967. From 1967 to 1993 she worked at Kaunas Polytechnical Institute.

She was married to engineer Kazimieras Ragulskis.

In 1965, she wrote her thesis in engineering, and was granted a doctorate. Then in 1973 she was given the title "doctor of sciences" (habilitated doctor). In 1977 she became a professor of sciences. She wrote part of six research monographs (a type of research paper). She also wrote about two hundred research papers and was granted 97 patents. For her research work she was awarded the State Prize of the Lithuanian SSR (Soviet Union) in 1983. Ragulskienė was also a consultant for others on more than fifty thesis papers.

Her research made known and explained new details of "non-linear vibro-impact systems". To arrive at her results, she used experiments as well as computer analysis. She then shared the results in her research papers. She was also able to put the results of this research into use with new inventions, for which she obtained patents.

She translated "Samogitia: The Unknown in History from English" from English into Lithuanian. She helped collect data for the encyclopedia "The Officers of the Lithuanian Armed Forces 1918–1953". She also wrote about the history of her native village of Dapšiai.


Specific

John Briggs

John V. Briggs (March 8, 1930 – April 15, 2020) was an American politician who was the California State Assembly and the California State Senate. He was perhaps best known for sponsoring Proposition 6 in 1978, also known as the Briggs Initiative, a failed measure which attempted to remove all gay or lesbian school employees or their supporters from their jobs.

Briggs died on April 15, 2020 in Placerville, California at the age of 90.

Anita Bryant

Anita Jane Bryant (born March 25, 1940) is an American singer and anti-gay rights activist. She scored four Top 40 hits in the United States in the late 1950s and early 1960s, including "Paper Roses". She was also a former Miss Oklahoma beauty pageant winner.

In the 1970s, Bryant became known as an outspoken critic of gay rights in the U.S. In 1977, she ran the "Save Our Children" campaign to repeal a local ordinance in Dade County, Florida which prohibited discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. Her involvement with the campaign was condemned by gay rights activists.

Yitzchok Scheiner

Rabbi Yitzchok Scheiner (November 5, 1922 – January 31, 2021) was an American-born Israeli rabbi. He was the "rosh yeshiva" of the Kamenitz yeshiva of Jerusalem. In the 1990s, he became a member of the Moetzes Gedolei HaTorah of Degel HaTorah.

Scheiner died on January 31, 2021 from COVID-19 in Jerusalem, aged 98.

Chaim Kanievsky

Shmaryahu Yosef Chaim Kanievsky (January 8, 1928 – March 18, 2022) was a Polish-born Israeli rabbi and "posek". He was born in Pinsk, Second Polish Republic, but his career was set in Bnei Brak, Israel. Kanievsky was thought to be a leading authority in Haredi Jewish society.

Kanievsky had a heart attack at his home in Bnei Brak on March 18, 2022. He died a few hours later at the age of 94.

Baruch Mordechai Ezrachi

Baruch Mordechai Ezrachi (27 March 1929 – 26 October 2023) is an Israeli rabbi. He is the Rosh Yeshiva of Ateres Yisrael in Bayit Vegan in Jerusalem, and a member of the Degel Hatorah Moetzas Gedolei Yisrael.
Baruch Mordechai Ezrachi died on 26 October 2023, at the age of 94.

Nissim Karelitz

Rabbi Shmaryahu Yosef Nissim Karelitz (; 19 July 1926 – October 21 2019) Was a Lithuanian-born Israeli rabbi. He was the chairman of the "beis din tzedek" (rabbinical court) of Bnei Brak. He was born in Vilnius, Lithuania.

He was one of the most highly respected Orthodox rabbis in the world and one of the most important leaders of the Haredi world. He was also a member of the "Vaad Halacha" (Jewish legal council) of the Maayanei Hayeshua Hospital of Bnei Brak and the av beis din of the Bnei Brak neighborhood of Ramat Aharon.

In April 2019, Karelitz was hospitalized for low blood pressure and an infection. 

On 6 October 2019, Karelitz was hospitalized for heart and respiratory failure.

Prince Daniel, Duke of Västergötland

Prince Daniel of Sweden, Duke of Västergötland (born Olof Daniel Westling on 15 September 1973), is the husband of Crown Princess Victoria. 

Prince Daniel was born in Orebro University Hospital in Orebro, He was a personal trainer and gym owner and ran a company called Balance Training with three gyms in central Stockholm.

Prince Daniel was married with Princess Victoria of Sweden on 19 June 2010, They have two children with their marriage, 

Princess Estelle, Duchess of Östergötland and Prince Oscar, Duke of Skåne also born at Karolinska University Hospital in Solna.

19 June 2010 His Royal Highness Prince Daniel of Sweden, The Duke of Vastergotland
















Bengt Feldreich

Bengt Walter Feldreich (12 September 1925 – 21 October 2019) was a Swedish radio and television journalist, producer and television presenter. He worked for public service between 1950 until 1985. He produced and hosted the show "Snillen spekulerar" on SVT, the annual Christmas Eve broadcasts from the same channel. He was born in Stockholm.

Feldreich died on 21 October 2019 in Stockholm at the age of 94, from pneumonia.

Mike Reilly (1960s linebacker)

Mike Reilly (March 27, 1942 – October 18, 2019) was a professional American football player. He played linebacker for six seasons for the Chicago Bears and Minnesota Vikings. He was born in Dubuque, Iowa.

Reilly died on October 18, 2019 in Dubuque at the age of 77.

Dan Brouillette

Dan R. Brouillette (born August 18, 1962) is an American businessman. He was the 15th United States Secretary of Energy from December 3, 2019 to January 20, 2021. He was the United States Deputy Secretary of Energy from August 2017 through December 2019. After being nominated for the position by President Donald Trump, Brouillette was confirmed by a 79–17 vote of the United States Senate on August 3, 2017.

On October 18, 2019, he was announced as President Trump's choice to replace Rick Perry as Secretary of Energy. On December 2, the United States Senate confirmed his nomination by a 70–15 vote.

Biochar

Biochar is a type of charcoal added to soil that acts as plant food, or fertilizer. Biochar is made by heating biomass like wood in an oven to very high temperatures. This removes all of the water and easy to burn material from the biomass leaving only carbon. The final result is fragile and dark black charcoal.

Biochar is made from organic material known as biomass. Biomass is mostly made from carbon. Carbon in biomass is captured from carbon dioxide in the air by plants. This means that when biochar is made carbon that was once in the air is made into a solid material. Biochar can last a very long time in soil and even longer in containers.

Some people propose making biochar to remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.<ref name="DOI10.1038/ncomms1053">

</ref> Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that traps heat in the atmosphere, causing climate change. If a lot of biochar were made then there would be less carbon dioxide in the air, meaning less heat would be trapped. This is known as a carbon sink, because the carbon is sunk or put into a long lasting material instead of floating in the air.

When biochar is made the biomass it is made from has most of its material removed. This means that biochar is very light and filled with tiny holes. These holes can hold water and nutrients which act as food for plants growing in biochar. Biochar can be soaked in nutrients to "charge" it which makes it a very good soil additive or fertilizer. The holes in biochar can also trap toxins which make water unsafe.

Biochar was used by people in the Amazon to make their poor quality soil better for growing food. This made the soil very dark and the dark soil can still be seen today.

In some rainforest places the forests are cleared for farming. When the forests are cleared they are usually cut down and burned. This process is called slash-and-burn and doesn't leave very many nutrients in the soil. If the forests were cleared and turned into biochar rather than burned the soil would have more nutrients. This is known as slash-and-char and would make the soil better for farming.

Biochar can be mixed with molasses for use as animal food. The biochar helps digestion and reduces the amount of methane produced by cows. Feces from animals that eat biochar is a high quality fertilizer.

Biochar is mainly sold by fertilizer companies to people who grow plants. This may change. There are many tons of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere which is causing climate change. Many countries have agreed that this is a problem. In the future it may cost money to release carbon dioxide. If people who remove carbon dioxide are paid then there could be businesses which remove carbon dioxide for money. One way a business like that could remove carbon dioxide is by growing plants and turning them into biochar. This removes a large amount of carbon dioxide and could be very profitable in the future.

A Perfect Couple

A Perfect Couple is a 1979 romantic–comedy movie co-written and directed by Robert Altman and starring Paul Dooley, Marta Heflin, Titos Vandis, Belita Moreno, Dennis Franz and Joel Crothers. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Bab Mansour

Bab Mansur al-'Alj or Bab Mansour (also variously spelled as Bab Mansour al-'Ilj, Bab Mansour al-Eulj, Bab el-Mansour, Bab Mansur, etc) (also known as Bab Mansour Laleuj) is the main gate of the Old Town of Meknes in Morocco. It is one of the largest and most impressive gates in the country. Together with the "outer square (El Hedim Square)", it is considered the country's business card. The gate is located in front of El Hedim Square which is considered to be the most popular square in Morocco.

The gate structure was completed in 1732 by Mulay Abdullah who was the son of Sultan Mulay Ismail. The gate marks the main entrance of the imperial palace built for Isla Mulay and the ancient city of Meknes. 

The door was designed by a Christian who converted to Islam whose name was "Mansur". Hence the gate's name: "Mansur Gate". The gate structure has been part of the Meknes protected heritage since 1914 and since 1996 has been used as a World Heritage Site along with the Old Town of Meknes.

The gate structure separates the outer square called Al-Hadim Square. It is adjacent to the Old City wall of Meknes, from the inner square called Lela Awda Square. It served as the "Royal Order Ground". Next to the gate within the walls are the Royal Order Stables, the Royal Prison, and the Meknes City Museum. It is decorated with green ceramics designed with Islamic motifs. The white pillars are columns that used to stand in the Roman city: "Volibilis", which is about 30 km north of the city.

Content management

Content management (CM) is a set of processes and technologies that supports the collection, managing, and publishing of information in any form or medium. 

When stored and accessed via computers, this information may be more referred to as content.

Alfa Romeo RL

Alfa Romeo RL (1922–27) was an Italian car made by Alfa Romeo in Milano. 

It was designed by Giuseppe Merosi. They made around 2,600 of these cars in total.

The RL Normale (RLN) was a family car, also called 21/70. The engine had 6 cylinders and measured 3 liters volume. In 1926 it changed name to RL Touring (RLT) and 22/70.

The RL Sport (RLS) was a light car that was a foot shorter, so it saved weight. It also had a bigger engine. They made around 500 of these. It changed name to RL Super Sport (RLSS) and 22/90, and was even faster.

This was even shorter than the RL Short and won the Targa Florio race on Sicilia in 1923. They called it RL Targa Florio (RLTF) and less than 10 were made.

Salvador Giner

Giner died on 19 October 2019 in Barcelona at the age of 85.



György Kurtág

György Kurtág (; born 19 February 1926) is a Hungarian classical composer and pianist. He was born in Lugoj, Hungary. He was an academic teacher of piano at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music from 1967, later also of chamber music, and taught until 1993.

In 1947, he married pianist Márta Kurtág. She died in October 2019.

Márta Kurtág

Márta Kurtág (), "née" Márta Kinsker, often Marta Kurtag; 1 October 1927 − 17 October 2019) was a Hungarian classical pianist and academic piano teacher. In 1947, she married composer György Kurtág. They often played from his collection "Játékok", which they also recorded.

Kurtág died on 17 October 2019, just a week after her 92nd birthday.

Hans Grosheide

Johan Hendrik "Hans" Grosheide (6 August 1930 – 18 December 2022) was a Dutch politician.

Grosheide worked as a teacher and education administrator for Protestant Reformed special schools from November 1954 until September 1963.

After the election of 1963 Grosheide was appointed as State Secretary for Education, Arts and Sciences, taking office on 3 September 1963 until the .

He was State Secretary for Education and Sciences, taking office on 14 April 1965.


Tjerk Westerterp

Theodorus Engelbertus "Tjerk" Westerterp (born 2 December 1930) is a Dutch politician. He was a diplomat of the defunct Catholic People's Party (KVP) now merged into the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) party. He is also a businessman.

Westerterp became a Member of the House of Representatives after Gerard Veldkamp was appointed as Minister of Social Affairs and Health.

After the election of 1971 Westerterp was appointed as State Secretary for Foreign Affairs, taking office on 17 August 1971.

Til Gardeniers-Berendsen

Mathilde Hubertine Maria Francisca "Til" Gardeniers-Berendsen (18 February 1925 – 22 October 2019) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the defunct Catholic People's Party (KVP) and later the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) party. She was also a nonprofit director.

Gardeniers-Berendsen was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives after the election of 1971, taking office on 11 May 1971. In 1977, Gardeniers-Berendsen was appointed as Minister of Culture, Recreation and Social Work on 19 December 1977.

After the election of 1981 Gardeniers-Berendsen returned as a Member of the House of Representatives, taking office on 10 June 1981. In 1981, Gardeniers-Berendsen was appointed Minister of Health and Environment, taking office on 11 September 1981.

Gardeniers-Berendsen died in Rotterdam, Netherlands on 22 October 2019 at the age of 94.


Els Veder-Smit

Elizabeth "Els" Veder-Smit (29 August 1921 – 26 August 2020) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and nonprofit director. She was the oldest living former cabinet member at the time of her death.

Veder-Smith was Secretary State for Health and Environment from 1978 through 1981.

Veder-Smith died at her home in Rotterdam on 26 August 2020 at the age of 98.

Michel van Hulten

Michael Henricus Maria "Michel" van Hulten (born 9 March 1930) is a retired Dutch politician. 

On behalf of the Political Party of Radicals (PPR) he was a member of the Dutch parliament and deputy minister of Transport in Joop den Uyl's cabinet.

Michel van Hulten was born in Batavia and is the father of former MEP Michiel van Hulten.


Arie Pais

Aäron "Arie" Pais (born 16 April 1930 in The Hague) is a retired Dutch politician of Jewish descent. He is a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He was a Member of the Senate in 1977 and again from 1981 through 1982. He also was Minister of Education and Sciences from 1977 through 1981.

Pais also was a member of the municipal council of Amsterdam and of the provincial states of North Holland.

Before his political career he was a economics professor at the University of Amsterdam, and afterwards a banker at the European Investment Bank.

Pais is a vegetarian and an animal protection activist.


Pieter Beelaerts van Blokland

Jonkheer Pieter Adriaan Cornelis Beelaerts van Blokland (8 December 1932 – 22 September 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA).

He was Minister of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment from 1977 to 1981. In 1981, he was an MP. Beelaerts van Blokland was mayor of Wolphaartsdijk, Vianen, Amstelveen, Apeldoorn, and Hengelo. He was also Queen's Commissioner of the Province of Utrecht from 1985 to 1998.


Targa Florio

Targa Florio (1906–77) was a road race for automobiles. It was on the island of Sicily in the south of Italy.

The distance in 1906 was 446 kilometers on narrow and dusty mountain roads. They started and ended near the city of Palermo.

It closed in 1977 after an accident where two people lost their lives.

Wim van Eekelen

Willem Frederik "Wim" van Eekelen (born 5 February 1931) is a retired Dutch politician and diplomat. He is a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He also is a political scientist.

Louw de Graaf

Louw de Graaf (12 April 1930 – 15 July 2020) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the defunct Anti-Revolutionary Party (ARP) and later the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) party and trade union leader.

De Graaf worked as a trade Union leader for the National Christian Trade Unions Federation from 1955 until 1977 and served as General-Secretary from 1970 until 1977. 

After the election of 1977 De Graaf was appointed as State Secretary for Social Affairs, taking office on 28 December 1977. 

De Graaf was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives after the election of 1981, taking office on 10 June 1981.

De Graaf died on 15 July 2020, aged 90.

Ed van Thijn

Eduard "Ed" van Thijn (; 16 August 1934 – 19 December 2021) was a Dutch politician of Jewish descent. He was a member of the Labour Party (PvdA). He also was a historian. After the election of 1981 Van Thijn was appointed as Minister of the Interior, taking office on 11 September 1981. In May 1983 Van Thijn was nominated as the next Mayor of Amsterdam.

In January 1994, Van Thijn became Minister of the Interior again from 18 January 1994 until 27 May 1994, when he resigned following the "IRT-affair". He later was a Senator from 8 June 1999 until 12 June 2007.

Van Thijn died on 19 December 2021 in Amsterdam from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 87.

Erwin Nypels

Erwin Nypels (born 1 August 1933) is a Dutch politician. He was born in Bloemendaal, North Holland. He was the Minister of Housing and Spatial Planning in 1982.

Nypels was a member of Democrats 66.

Shor's algorithm

Shor's algorithm is a quantum algorithmic computing process for cryptography. Basically, it solves the following problem: Given an integer formula_1, find its prime factors.

Its effectiveness may eventually undermine the security of the important RSA encryption device.

Cawker City, Kansas

Cawker City is a city in Mitchell County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 457 people lived there. The city is along the north shore of Waconda Lake and Glen Elder State Park.

The largest ball of twine in the world is in Cawker City.

Cawker City was created in 1870. It was named after Colonel E. H. Cawker because he won a game of poker. Cawker City was incorporated as a city in 1874. The first post office in Cawker City was created in June 1870.

Cawker City is at (39.509511, -98.433107). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. The city is along the north shore of Waconda Lake.

The 2020 census says that there were 457 people, 215 households, and 110 families living in Cawker City. Of the households, 70.7% owned their home and 29.3% rented their home.

The median age was 47.6 years. Of the people, 96.3% were White, 0.2% were Black, and 3.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 469 people, 244 households, and 132 families living in Cawker City.

In 2017, a Dollar General store was built. This gave residents a nearby shopping place for food.


Yates Center, Kansas

Yates Center is a city in Woodson County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Woodson County. In 2020, 1,352 people lived there.

Yates Center was created in August 1875. It was named for Abner Yates, the original owner of the town site. She donated an entire block around the courthouse, land for the churches, a city park, and a lot each for the first two children born in the town. Yates Center is the only town in Kansas to be chosen as a county seat before there was a house or person in its boundaries.

More than thirty buildings in downtown Yates Center are included in the Yates Center Courthouse Square Historic District.

Yates Center is at (37.879948, -95.734522). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,352 people, 590 households, and 327 families living in Yates Center. Of the households, 73.4% owned their home and 26.6% rented their home.

The median age was 44.5 years. Of the people, 92.8% were White, 0.6% were Native American, 0.5% were Black, 0.5% were from some other race, and 5.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,417 people, 664 households, and 347 families living in Yates Center.

Yates Center is served by USD 366 Woodson School District.


Chhotu Ram

Chhotu Ram, or Sir Chotu Ram, born Ram Richpal (24 November 1881 – 9 January 1945) was a politician in British India's Punjab Province. He was a co-founder of National Unionist party that represented the punjab zamindar and farmers. 

He was born in Sampla village in Rohtak.

He was also awarded the title of Rao bahadur, which was a title of honour bestowed during British rule in India to individuals for their service to the Empire.

De vogels van Holland

"De vogels van Holland" (, in English: "The birds of Holland") is a song by Dutch singer Jetty Paerl. Annie M. G. Schmidt and Cor Lemaire wrote it. It represented Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1956.

"De vogels van Holland" participated in the "Nationaal Songfestival 1956", a national final organized by Dutch broadcaster Nederlandse Televisie Stichting (NTS) in 1956. It was held in the AVRO TV studios in Hilversum on 24 April 1956.

Jetty Pearl performed the song after Corry Brokken with "Ik zei ja" and before Bert Visser with "Gina mia". People sent their votes through postcard. NTS announced the voting results on 5 May. "De vogels van Holland" placed 2nd with 1530 points. For that reason, NTS sent it to represent Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956. They sent the winning song, "Voorgoed voorbij", too.

The song competed in the contest. It was held in the Teatro Kursaal in Lugano, Switzerland, on 24 May 1956. Jetty Paerl performed it. Fernando Paggi conducted the orchestra.

It was performed first, before Switzerland's Lys Assia with "Das alte Karussell". The song position is not known because the voting results were not revealed.


Piet Bukman

Pieter "Piet" Bukman (7 February 1934 – 16 March 2022) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) party. He also was an economist.

Bukman was president of the European People's Party from July 1985 until July 1987. After the election of 1986 Bukman was appointed as minister for Development Cooperation, which ended in 1989. Afterwards he was minister of Agriculture from 1990 until 1994 and speaker of the House of Representatives from 1996 until 1998.

Bukman died in Voorschoten at the age of 88.

Frits Korthals Altes

Frederik "Frits" Korthals Altes (born 15 May 1931) is a retired Dutch politician. He was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). He became Minister of State on 26 October 2001.

Altes was Chairman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy from 15 March 1975 until 22 May 1981. He was elected as a Member of the Senate, taking office on 10 June 1981. After the election of 1982, Altes was appointed as Minister of Justice, taking office on 4 November 1982.


Lakagigar

Lakagígar is a row of spectacular craters along twenty-five kilometres in the southern Icelandic Highlands. They formed in the eruptions at Lakí in 1784.

The system erupted violently over an eight months between June 1783 and February 1784. Lava came from the Laki fissure and the adjoining volcano Grímsvötn. It poured out an estimated 42 billion tons or of basalt lava and clouds of poisonous hydrofluoric acid and sulfur dioxide compounds. That contaminated the soil, leading to the death of over 50% of Iceland's livestock population, and the destruction of almost all crops. This led to a famine which killed about 25% of the island's human population. The lava flows also destroyed 20 villages.

2112 (disambiguation)

2112 might mean:


Tayberry

A tayberry is a cross between a blackberry and a red raspberry. The genetic cross was patented in 1979.

It is a cultivated shrub in the genus "Rubus" of the family Rosaceae. It was named after the River Tay in Scotland. The fruit is sweeter, much larger, and more aromatic than that of the loganberry. The loganberry is itself a blackberry and red raspberry cross.

The fruit do not pick easily by hand and cannot be machine harvested. They have not become a commercially grown berry crop. This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

Robert Blake (admiral)

Robert Blake (1598 – 17 August 1657) was one of the most important military commanders of the Commonwealth of England and one of the most famous English admirals of the 17th century. Blake is recognised as the chief founder of England's naval supremacy. Its dominance was inherited by the British Royal Navy.

Nasir ud din Mahmud

Nasir ud din Mahmud was the eighth Sultan of the Mamluk Sultanate of Delhi (Slave dynasty). In the year 1246 he became the Sultan and ruled for 20 years. 

Ghiyasuddin Balban was his Prime minister as well as the actual ruler. After the death of Nasiruddin Mahmood in 1266 AD, Balban became the Sultan as Nasir-ud-din.

Mamluk Sultanate

The Mamluk Sultanate (), also known as Mamluk Egypt or the Mamluk Empire, was a state that controlled Egypt, The Levant, and Hejaz from 1250 to 1517. The first sultans (kings) of the Mamluk Sultanate were "mamluks" (slave-soldiers) in the armies of the Ayyubid dynasty. The Mamluk Sultanate was the strongest military power in the central Muslim world. They fended off the Mongols and exterminated the Crusaders in the Holy Land (The Levant). The Mamluk sultans also controlled south-eastern Asia Minor and western Arabia. Most of the sultanate's "mamluks" were Turkic people or Circassians. The Arabic language was the state's and the government's most important language. Most of the sultans carried Arabic names and were heavily Arabized.

Nicola Mancino

Nicola Mancino (born 15 October 1931) is an Italian politician. He was the President of Italian Senate from 1996 to 2001. He was also the president of Campania's regional parliament from 1965 to 1971. He was Governor of Campania from 1971 to 1972 and Minister of the Interior from 1992 to 1994.

Ishmael Levenston

Ishmael Mathew Ameal Levenston (23 July 1940 – 19 October 2019) was a Saban politician. He was the founder of the Saba Labour Party. He was a member of the Saba Island Council from 1975 to 1979 and again from 1983 through 1987.

Levenston died on 19 October 2019 of heart failure at a retirement center in The Bottom, aged 79.

Alexander Volkov (tennis)

Alexander Vladimirovich Volkov (; 3 March 1967 – 19 October 2019) was a Russian professional tennis player. He was born in Kaliningrad, Soviet Union. Volkov won his first top-level professional singles title in 1991 at Milan. At Wimbledon that year, he lost a close match in the fourth round to the eventual tournament champion Michael Stich.

Volkov died on 19 October 2019 in Kalinigrad at the age of 52.

Aila Meriluoto

Aila Meriluoto (10 January 1924 – 21 October 2019) was a Finnish poet, writer and translator. She was born in Pieksämäki, Finland. She became the most celebrated and widely read female poet of post-war Finland. The themes of her poems were art and femininity. In collection "Pahat unet" (1956) some of the poems have a free form. The next collection, "Portaat", came five years later.

In addition to poems, Meriluoto wrote novels, and books for young people. She has translated works by Harry Martinson, Rainer Maria Rilke, Shakespeare and Goethe.

Meriluoto died in a care home in Helsinki on 21 October 2019, aged 95.

Harry Martinson

Harry Martinson (6May 190411February 1978) was a Swedish author, poet and former sailor. In 1949 he was elected into the Swedish Academy. He was awarded a joint Nobel Prize in Literature in 1974 "for writings that catch the dewdrop and reflect the cosmos". 

Martinson killed himself at a Stockholm hospital by cutting his stomach open with a pair of scissors on 11 February 1978.

Eyvind Johnson

Eyvind Johnson (29 July 1900 – 25 August 1976) was a Swedish novelist and short story writer. He became a member of the Swedish Academy in 1957 and shared the Nobel Prize in Literature with Harry Martinson in 1974 with the citation: "for a narrative art, far-seeing in lands and ages, in the service of freedom".

Organizational founder

In terms of a company or organization, a founder refers to the person responsible for starting an entity.

In a company, this is usually the first person to come up with the name, register the business, and take care of the first year of operations.

Santos Juliá

Santos Juliá Díaz (1940–23 October 2019) was a Spanish historian and sociologist. He was born in Ferrol, Spain. He studied at the Complutense University of Madrid. He was professor "emeritus" of Social History and Political Thought at the Universidad Nacional de Educación a Distancia (UNED). 

Díaz died on 23 October 2019 in Madrid at the age of 79.


Ferrol

Ferrol (In the neighbourhood of Strabo's "Cape Nerium", modern day Cape Prior) (), is a city in the Province of A Coruña in Galicia, on the Atlantic coast in north-western Spain. According to the 2014 census, the city has a population of 70,389.

Michael Flaksman

Michael Flaksman (May 3, 1946 – October 18, 2019) was an American cellist. He was born in Akron, Ohio. He performed widely in recitals, chamber music concerts and with orchestras throughout Europe and in the Far East, as well as conducted master classes in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Italy, Poland and Croatia.

He was Honorary President at Italian Cello Consort, a cellist group created by his student and assistant Giovanni Ricciardi.

He died on October 18, 2019 at the age of 73.


Rolando Panerai

Rolando Panerai (17 October 1924 – 23 October 2019) was an Italian baritone. He was born in Campi Bisenzio, near Florence, Italy.

Panerai made his stage debut in 1947 in Naples at the Teatro di San Carlo. Other debuts, both in 1951, were as Simon Boccanegra in "Simon Boccanegra" in Bergamo and as Sharpless in "Madama Butterfly" at La Scala in Milan.

He sang in many rarely performed Verdi operas on radio broadcast for RAI in 1951 (to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Verdi's death), such as "Giovanna d'Arco", "La battaglia di Legnano", and "Aroldo".

Later roles included most of the great Verdi baritone roles, particularly the title character in "Rigoletto", the Count of Luna in "Il trovatore", Giorgio Germont in "La traviata", Marquis of Posa in "Don Carlos",and Amonasro in "Aida".

Panerai died on 23 October 2019 in Florence of a heart attack at the age of 95.

Jo Ann Zimmerman

Jo Ann McIntosh Zimmerman (December 24, 1936 – October 23, 2019) was an American politician. She was the 42nd Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1987 to 1991. Zimmerman was a member of the Democratic Party. She was the first woman to serve in the office of Lieutenant Governor in Iowa history. Zimmerman was born in Keosauqua, Iowa.

Zimmerman died of pulmonary fibrosis-related problems on October 23, 2019 in Des Moines, Iowa at the age of 82.


Willie Brown (American football)

William Ferdie Brown (December 2, 1940 – October 21, 2019) was an American professional football player, coach, and executive. He played as a cornerback for the Denver Broncos and the Oakland Raiders in the National Football League (NFL). 

Brown was the head football coach at California State University, Long Beach in 1991, the final season before the school's football program ended. Brown was added into the Pro Football Hall of Fame as a player in 1984. At the time of his death he was on the Raiders' administrative staff.

Brown was born in Yazoo City, Mississippi. He studied at Grambling State University. Brown died on October 21, 2019 at his home in Tracy, California at the age of 78.

Tracy, California

Tracy is the second most populated city in San Joaquin County, California, United States. The population was 93,000 at the 2020 census.

Clay Center, Kansas

Clay Center is a city in Clay County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Clay County. In 2020, 4,199 people lived there.

Clay Center was created in 1862. It was named "Clay Center" because it was the geographical center of Clay County.

The first post office in Clay Center was built on July 3, 1862.

Clay Center was on the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific and Union Pacific Railroads.

Clay Center is at (39.379920, -97.123168). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.< Clay Center is unique, because it is the geographic midpoint between Los Angeles, California and New York City, the two biggest American cities. Both cities are exactly from Clay Center.

The 2020 census says that there were 4,199 people, 1,809 households, and 1,116 families living in Clay Center. Of the households, 69.7% owned their home and 30.3% rented their home.

The median age was 43.9 years. Of the people, 92.6% were White, 0.9% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.8% were Asian, 1.0% were from some other race, and 4.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,334 people, 1,920 households, and 1,172 families living in Clay Center.



Manfred Bruns

Manfred Bruns (July 1934 – 22 October 2019) was a German federal attorney and LGBTQ activist. He worked at the Federal Court of Justice of Germany. Until 2016, he was a member of the Board of Directors of the Lesbian and Gay Association (LSVD). Bruns was born in Linz am Rhein, Germany. He was known for his efforts to push for political activity to fight against AIDS in Germany.

Bruns died in Karlsruhe, Germany on 22 October 2019 of liver failure at the age of 85.

Clearwater, Kansas

Clearwater is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 2,653 people lived there.

Clearwater was created in 1870. It was platted as a city in 1872. It was named Clearwater because of the local river named Ninnescah, which translates to "clear water" in English. The first post office in Clearwater was created in 1871. The name of the post office called Clear Water until 1894. The Chisholm Trail went along the east side of the city from 1867 to 1871.

Clearwater is southwest of Wichita, Kansas at (37.505646, -97.501516). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census said that there were 2,653 people, 934 households, and 689 families living in Clearwater. Of the households, 70.3% owned their home and 29.7% rented their home.

The median age was 35.8 years. Of the people, 90.9% were White, 0.8% were Native American, 0.3% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 0.6% were from some other race, and 7.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the people.

The 2010 census said that there were 2,481 people, 908 households, and 660 families living in Clearwater.

Clearwater has the Clearwater USD 264 public school district.



Raymond Leppard

Raymond John Leppard (11 August 1927 – 22 October 2019) was a British-American conductor, harpsichordist, composer and editor. He was born in London.

In the 1960s, he had an important role in the rebirth of interest in Baroque music. He conducted operas at major international opera houses and festivals, including the Glyndebourne Festival where he led the world premiere of Nicholas Maw's "The Rising of the Moon", the Metropolitan Opera and the Royal Opera House. 

He composed movie scores such as "Lord of the Flies". From 1987 through 2001, Leppard was the Director of the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra.

Leppard died in Indianapolis, Indiana on 22 October 2019 at the age of 92.

Quenemo, Kansas

Quenemo is a city in Osage County, Kansas, United States. It is along the Marais des Cygnes River. In 2020, 288 people lived there.

Quenemo was planned out around 1870. Quenemo was the name of a Sac and Fox Indian chief. A fire in 1878 destroyed a lot of the town. Quenemo had a lot of growth in 1884 after the AT&SF railroad was built through it.

Quenemo is at (38.580223, -95.526614). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Quenemo is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 288 people, 125 households, and 81 families living in Quenomo. Of the households, 72.0% owned their home and 28.0% rented their home.

The median age was 46.6 years. Of the people, 93.1% were White, 0.7% were Native American, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 388 people, 139 households, and 90 families living in Quenomo.

Quenemo is a part of USD 456 Marais des Cygnes Valley. The district high school is Marais des Cygnes Valley High School. Their mascot is the Trojans.


2019 Grays incident

In the early hours of 23 October 2019, 39 dead bodies were found in a freight container in Grays, Essex, England. The lorry cab is owned by an Irish company. It had been registered Bulgaria, but had not been there since 2017. It travelled from the Netherlands through Belgium before arriving in the United Kingdom at Purfleet, Essex, from Zeebrugge. 

Investigations are ongoing in regard to how the lorry passed through security at the border.

Investigations were led by the Essex Police, but made international by the end of the day.

The lorry driver is a 25-year-old man from Portadown, County Armagh, Northern Ireland. "The Guardian" reported that there are several photographs of him with the lorry cab involved in the incident on his Facebook page. He was arrested at the scene, on suspicion of murder. He drove it from Purfleet to Grays.

Quinter, Kansas

Quinter is a city in Gove County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 929 people lived there.

The city of Quinter is built at the place of an old railroad switching place called Melota. A town named Familton was built there in 1885, and it had a hotel in it. The U.S. Government would not create a post office under the Familton name because of possible confusion with other names in the state, so another had to be chosen. The name Quinter was chosen. It was named after Rev. James Quinter, a local Baptist Brethren minister.

The city received some small national attention in November 2006 when longtime resident Waldo McBurney, age 104, was said to be the oldest worker in the United States.

Quinter is at (39.066626, -100.234742). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 929 people, 378 households, and 238 families living in Quinter. Of the households, 66.9% owned their home and 33.1% rented their home.

The median age was 43.4 years. Of the people, 92.0% were White, 1.2% were Asian, 0.3% were Native American, 0.3% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.8% were from some other race, and 5.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 918 people, 374 households, and 251 families living in Quinter.



Marieke Vervoort

Marieke Vervoort (10 May 1979 – 22 October 2019) was a Belgian Paralympic athlete. She suffered from an incurable, degenerative muscle disease. In the 2012 Summer Paralympics, Vervoort won a gold and silver medal. In the 2016 Summer Paralympics, she won a silver and bronze medal. 

She won several medals at Paralympics, she received world attention in 2016 when she revealed that she supported euthanasia. She was born in Diest, Belgium.

Vervoort ended her life through euthanasia on 22 October 2019 at the age of 40.

Degenerative disease

Degenerative disease is the result of a continuous process based on degenerative cell changes, affecting tissues or organs, which will increasingly deteriorate over time.

In neurodegenerative diseases cells of the central nervous system stop working or die via neurodegeneration. An example of this is Alzheimer's disease. 

Miguel Saiz

Miguel Saiz (May 17, 1949 – October 22, 2019) was an Uruguayan-born Argentine politician. He was born in Montevideo. He was a member of the Radical Civic Union (UCR). He was the Governor of Río Negro Province from 2003 until 2011.

Saiz died at a Buenos Aires hospital on October 22, 2019 from heart failure at the age of 70.

Zenda, Kansas

Zenda is a city in Kingman County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 90 people lived there.

Zenda was named after the novel "The Prisoner of Zenda".

Zenda is at (37.444077, -98.281996). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 72 people, 33 households, and 20 families living in Zenda. Of the households, 81.8% owned their home and 18.2% rented their home.

The median age was 56.8 years. Of the people, 95.8% were White and 4.2% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 90 people, 44 households, and 24 families living in Zenda.

Nashville is a part of USD 332 Cunningham-West Kingman County. The Cunningham High School mascot is Cunningham Wildcats.


Udall, Kansas

Udall is a city in Cowley County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 661 people lived there.

The first post office in Udall was built in September 1879. J.M. Napier and P.W. Smith Bought a ten-acre area of land from I.N Nelson in 1879. Udall was planned out in 1881 by Napier and Smith. It was named after English author Cornelius Udall.

On May 25, 1955, the deadliest tornado to ever hit Kansas hit Udall at 10:35 p.m. The town was destroyed by an wide F5 tornado. Every building within the city limits was hit, including the grain elevator, water tower, old grade school, new high school, city hall, three churches. The water tower had been knocked over and the streets were flooded. Vehicles were thrown hundreds of yards and destroyed. 77 people died. 270 people were injured. 192 buildings (170 homes) were destroyed. Around 50% of families had one or more members of their families who died in the tornado.

Before hitting Udall, there were no warnings issued by the Weather Bureau. Unknown to them, the same tornado-producing thunderstorm had just hit the city of Blackwell, Oklahoma, where 20 people died and 250 were injured.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 661 people, 263 households, and 177 families living in Udall. Of the households, 69.2% owned their home and 30.8% rented their home.

The median age was 38.1 years. Of the people, 88.2% were White, 3.2% were Native American, 0.5% were Pacific Islanders, 0.2% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 1.2% were from some other race, and 6.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 746 people, 289 households, and 203 families living in Udall.

Udall is part of Udall USD 463 public school district.



Uniontown, Kansas

Uniontown is a city in Bourbon County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 293 people lived there.

A post office was created in 1856 about two miles east of the town. Uniontown was moved to its current place around 1865. The early settlers were loyal to the Union in the Civil War. The city was named after the Union. Throughout the twentieth century the town was served by the Missouri Pacific Railroad.

Uniontown is at (37.847198, -94.975688). It is along the Marmaton River. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 293 people, 107 households, and 68 families living in Uniontown. Of the households, 79.4% owned their home and 20.6% rented their home.

The median age was 31.1 years. Of the people, 91.8% were White, 2.0% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, and 5.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 272 people, 120 households, and 66 families living in Uniontown.


Utica, Kansas

Utica is a city in Ness County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 99 people lived there.

The first post office in Utica was created in 1879.

Utica was named by early pioneer C.W. Bell. He was from Utica, New York, so he named it after that city.

Utica is at (38.642705, -100.169767). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 99 people, 65 households, and 31 families living in Utica. Of the households, 95.4% owned their home and 4.6% rented their home.

The median age was 59.3 years. Of the people, 99.0% were White and 1.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 158 people, 78 households, and 42 families living in Utica.


Waldo, Kansas

Waldo is a city in Russell County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 30.

The Union Town Company created the town of Waldo on October 1, 1888. This is because they got 280 acres of land on a line of the Union Pacific Railroad. The community grew, having about 300 people by 1915. A small business community, including a bank, stores, and three grain elevators, developed during the 1900s. The town was an agricultural shipping and receiving point for the area around it. Waldo incorporated as a city in May 1911.

Since the 1930s, the number of people in Waldo starting decreasing. Waldo High School closed in 1964, and Waldo Grade School closed in 1979. In 1993, Union Pacific left its rail line through Waldo, ending rail service to the city.

Waldo is at (39.120162, -98.797863). It has an elevation of 1,713 feet (522 m). The city is on U.S. Route 281 in north-central Kansas. It is northwest of Wichita, west of Kansas City, and north-northeast of Russell.

It is in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. Waldo is on the east bank of the West Fork of Wolf Creek, part of the Saline River watershed.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 30 people, 18 households, and 11 families living in Waldo.

The 2010 census says that there were 30 people, 15 households, and 7 families living in Waldo.

U.S. Route 281 and Kansas Highway 18 (K-18) go east-west through Waldo.

Western Electric gives electricity to the people. Gorham Telephone gives landline telephone service, and it offers cable television and internet access. Most residents use privately stored propane for heating fuel. 

Waldo is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.


Batura Glacier

Batura Glacier is a large and long glacier located in Pakistan.

Ingalls, Kansas

Ingalls is a city in Gray County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 252 people lived there.

The first post office in Ingalls was created in May 1887 with the name Soule. It kept that name until May 1888. The city was renamed for Kansas senator John James Ingalls.

Ingalls could have been the county seat in the late 1880s. It once had the county offices.

Ingalls is at (37.829932, -100.453844). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 252 people, 97 households, and 71 families living in Ingalls. Of the households, 71.1% owned their home and 28.9% rented their home.

The median age was 32.6 years. Of the people, 78.2% were White, 1.6% were Black, 0.8% were Asian, 0.4% were Native American, 10.7% were from some other race, and 8.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 30.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 306 people, 113 households, and 87 families living in Ingalls.

Ingalls is served by USD 477 Ingalls. The Ingalls High School mascot is the Bulldogs.


Kanephoros

The Kanephoros ( (pl. "Kanephoroi"), latinate plural form Canephorae, refers to "Basket Bearer(s)") was an honorary term for young, unmarried women chosen to lead a festival in Ancient Greece.


Episcopal Diocese of Chicago

The Episcopal Diocese of Chicago is the official organization of the Episcopal Church in Chicago and Northern Illinois. The diocese is served by Jeffrey Lee, who serves as bishop of the diocese, and Christopher Epting, who served as Assistant Bishop in the diocese until his planned retirement in December 2015. The mother church of the diocese is St. James Cathedral, which is the oldest Episcopal congregation in the city of Chicago.

Jeffrey Lee (bishop)

Jeffrey Dean Lee is a bishop of the Episcopal Church. He is the twelfth and current Bishop of Chicago since 2008.

James W. Montgomery

James Winchester Montgomery (May 29, 1921 – October 23, 2019) was an American bishop. He was the ninth bishop of Chicago in The Episcopal Church. He was born in Chicago.

Montgomery died on October 23, 2019 in Naperville, Illinois at the age of 98.

Mikhail Innokentyevich Semyonov

Mikhail Innokentyevich Semyonov (, 26 November 1938 – 18 October 2019) was a Russian politician. He was born in Nukutsky District, Irkutsk Oblast, Soviet Union. He was the Chairman of the People's Khural of the Republic of Buryatia from 21 July 1994 through 23 June 2002.

Semyonov died in Ulan-Ude, Buryatia, Russia on 18 October 2019 from a long-illness at the age of 80.

Eurasian plate

The Eurasian plate is a tectonic plate. It includes most of the continent of Eurasia. This is a huge landmass with the traditional continents of Europe and northern Asia. 

It does not include the Indian subcontinent, Arabia, and the area east of the Chersky Range in East Siberia. It does include oceanic crust west to the Mid-Atlantic Ridge and north to the Gakkel Ridge.

South American plate

The South American plate is a major tectonic plate which includes the continent of South America. It also includes part of the Atlantic Ocean seabed. This extends east to the African plate. They meet at the southern part of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.

The easterly edge is a divergent boundary because it has been moving west for about 60 million years. Its western and southern edges are complicated, with a number of small plates. The Nazca plate on the western edge is moving under the South American plate. This subduction has caused the Andes mountain chain.

Indo-Australian plate

The Indo-Australian plate is a major tectonic plate. 

It includes the continent of Australia and surrounding ocean. To the northwest it includes the Indian subcontinent and adjacent waters. It was formed by the fusion of Indian and Australian plates about 43 million years ago.

Eve (Bible)

In the Book of Genesis, Eve is the world’s first woman created by God to be a wife to Adam. Eve is placed in the Garden of Eden and allowed to eat any fruit except the fruit of The Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil because if she eats it she will die. A snake convinces her to eat it anyway. She then gives it to her husband who also eats it. They then realize they are naked. An angel is then sent to banish her and Adam from the garden so that they can’t eat the fruit of The Tree of Life and live forever. God gives them clothes and says that Eve will become the mother of all humans and be very respected but that her husband will rule over her. Eve gives birth to a son and she names him Cain. She then gives birth to a second son named Abel. Cain kills Abel and is exiled. Eve gives birth to a son named Seth and also has daughters. 

Leonard Hofstadter

Leonard Hofstadter is a fictional character in the television show The Big Bang Theory. Leonard is from New Jersey. His father is an anthropologist and his mother is a neuroscientist. Leonard’s parents made him learn to play the cello and become a scientist even though he wanted to be a rapper “like Snoop Dogg but with a little more healthy respect for the police”. Leonard was on the debate team in school and says that if he had not had glasses, he would have been “the coolest kid on the debate team to get constantly shoved into his locker.” Leonard also mentions that he once had a bully who gave him such a terrible wedgie that it temporarily moved one of his testicles. He also says that he hated high school because he was never popular and that his mother never let him celebrate his birthday because “that was her accomplishment, not mine” and that his parents never paid attention to his achievements. Leonard got his Phd at Princeton and got a job working at Caltech. He became a roommate of Sheldon Cooper because he couldn’t afford an apartment with only his own money. He almost accidentally gave American nuclear secrets to his girlfriend Joyce Kim not realizing that she was a North Korean spy but Sheldon Cooper annoyed her so much that she left before he could give her anything. When a beautiful girl named Penny moves in across the hall from Leonard and Sheldon, Leonard falls in love with her. Leonard tried to get her to like him but thanks to Sheldon she finds out that Leonard has Luke Skywalker shampoo and Darth Vader conditioner and uses the periodic table as a shower curtain and plays boggle in Klingon with his friends including Sheldon, Rajesh Koothrapalli and Howard Wolowitz leading her to think that he is a nerd. For most of the show Leonard is trying to start a relationship with Penny and they eventually date and get married.

Beurre noisette

Beurre noisette is a type of warm sauce used in French cuisine.

It is clarified butter cooked for long enough for the milk proteins to caramelize and almost burn. This produces a nutty flavor. It is also used in French pastry.

Swirly

A swirly or swirlie is a form of bullying in which the victim's head is put into a toilet. Some people have questioned whether swirlies are real or whether they were invented for television and other fiction.

On television, one or more bigger people, usually high school boys, pick up the victim. Then they dunk the victim's head in a toilet and flush it. The swirling water gives the swirly its name. For example, on the television show "Archer", Archer tells Lana about how he got pneumonia from getting a swirly in high school: Two bigger boys had picked him up, turned him upside down, and put his head in a toilet. On "The Simpsons", Bart Simpson gets a swirly from Jimbo Jones. In Cobra Kai, Kenny gets revenge against Anthony LaRusso by dunking his head into a used toilet.

There are a few reports of swirlies in real life. In some, the "victim" agreed to be part of the swirly. In other reports, the victim describes the swirly almost exactly like a swirly in fiction. One Blair Academy wrestler talked about being given swirlies and other abuse from older teammates. In others, the person giving the swirly is an adult or even a parent and not an older child.

Fred VanVleet

Fredderick Edmund VanVleet Sr. (born February 25, 1994) is an American professional basketball player for the Toronto Raptors of the NBA.

Candice Pitts

Candice Pitts (born Belize City) is a Belizean diplomat, educator and politician. She is serving as Belize’s ambassador to Republic of China on Taiwan and Japan. She served as a councillor for Belize City from March 2018 to 2021 and PUP standard bearer for the Mesopotamia Constituency since August 2019. Pitts has also served as a professor at the University of Belize and at Albany State University in the United States.

Candice Pitts was born in Belize City, Belize. After her primary and secondary education, Pitts studied at St. John’s College Junior College in Belize. Pitts then got her bachelor’s degree from Albany State University. She earned her master’s degree from The Ohio State University and her Ph.D. from Howard University.

After graduation from Howard University, Pitts returned to Albany State University. She taught there for three years. After this, she returned to Belize to teach at the University of Belize for three years. Pitts entered politics in 2017 as a candidate for the People’s United Party. The PUP won the Belize City Council elections. Pitts got the most votes. Pitts was a candidate in the 2020 General Elections as the Standard Bearer for the Mesopotamia Constituency. She lost by 150 votes. As of 2022. Pitts is ambassador to R.O.C. Taiwan and Japan.

Brecknockshire

Brecknockshire, also known as the County of Brecknock, Breconshire, or the County of Brecon is one of thirteen historic counties of Wales, and a former administrative county. Named after its county town of Brecon, the county is mountainous and primarily rural.

Buddha (album)

Buddha is Blink-182's 1998 album release and the last album to feature the original drummer Scott Raynor before being replaced by current drummer Travis Barker. Buddha is a mostly fast paced album if you mainly listen to modern Blink-182, but it definitely shows where they got their roots from, containing many off-beats whilst maintaining a fast tempo with breaks for pre-emo emo bouts. (like a soft sort of punk)


Marion County, Mississippi

Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 24,441 people lived there. Its county seat is Columbia. The county is named for American Revolutionary War guerrilla leader Francis Marion also known as The Swamp Fox.


Marshall County, Mississippi

Marshall County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 33,752 people lived there. Its county seat is Holly Springs. The county is named for Chief Justice of the United States John Marshall.


Monroe County, Mississippi

Monroe County is a county on the northeast border of the U.S. state of Mississippi next to Alabama. As of the 2020 census, 34,180 people lived there. Its county seat is Aberdeen. The name is in honor of James Monroe, fifth President of the United States.

Perry County, Mississippi

Perry County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 11,511 people lived there. Its county seat is New Augusta.

Newton County, Mississippi

Newton County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 21,291 people lived there. Its county seat is Decatur.

Ramah, Colorado

Ramah is a town in El Paso County, Colorado, United States. The population was 111 at the 2020 census. The name comes from from India.

Mont-sur-Rolle

Mont-sur-Rolle is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is from Lake Geneva ("Lac Léman"), above the lake-side town of Rolle.


Perroy

Perroy is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is about northeast of Nyon.


Prangins

Prangins is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is next to Lake Geneva.


Königsheim

Königsheim is a municipality in Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Mel Aull

Melvin Andrew Aull (December 23, 1928 – October 12, 2019) was a Canadian football player. He played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Ottawa Rough Riders and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He won the Grey Cup with the Rough Riders in 1951. He was born in Hamilton, Ontario.

Aull died on October 12, 2019 in Mississauga, Ontario at the age of 90.

Peggy McIntosh

Peggy McIntosh (born November 7, 1934) is an American feminist, anti-racism activist, scholar, speaker, and Senior Research Scientist of the Wellesley Centers for Women. She is the founder of the National SEED Project on Inclusive Curriculum (Seeking Educational Equity and Diversity). 

In 1988, she published the article "White Privilege and Male Privilege: A Personal Account of Coming to See Correspondences Through Work in Women’s Studies". This analysis, and its shorter version, "" (1989) was later published and made her well known. 

USS Iowa (BB-61)

The USS "Iowa" (BB-61) was a battleship used by America in World War II and the Korean War. It was retired in October 1990 because it was a huge target that was too expensive to lose.

Jeffrey Spalding

Jeffrey Spalding (November 5, 1951 – October 14, 2019) was a Scottish-born Canadian artist, curator, author, and educator. 

Spalding died on October 14, 2019 at the age of 67. 

For more than forty years, Spalding taught at various education institutions and was actively involved as a museum professional. He worked as a curator and director at various visual arts institutions including the University of Lethbridge, the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design, the Glenbow Museum, and the Art Gallery of Nova Scotia. 

Between 1999 and 2002 Spalding was the director of the Appleton Museum of Art in Ocala, Florida. From 2014 to 2017, he was the Chief Curator of the Beaverbrook Art Gallery in Fredericton, New Brunswick.

Goodland, Kansas

Goodland is a city in Sherman County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Sherman County. In 2020, 4,465 people lived there. It was named after Goodland, Indiana. Goodland has the Northwest Kansas Technical College.

Goodland is at (39.3508330, −101.7101722). It has an elevation of 3,681 feet (1,122 m). It is on the south side of the Middle Fork of Sappa Creek, which is part of the Republican River watershed, in the High Plains region of the Great Plains. It is at the intersection of Interstate 70 and K-27 in northwest Kansas. Goodland is about east of the Colorado state line, 176 miles east-southeast of Denver, northwest of Wichita, and west of Kansas City.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Because Goodland has a higher elevation, Goodland has stronger wind and more snow than other places in Kansas. Wind speed averages . On average, Goodland gets 19.75 inches (502 mm) of precipitation every year. Goodland gets about 41.9 inches (1,064 mm) of snow per year. On average, January is the coldest month, and July is both the hottest month and the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Goodland was 111 °F (44 °C) in 1940; the coldest temperature ever was −27 °F (−33 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 4,465 people, 1,891 households, and 1,103 families living in Goodland. Of the households, 64.4% owned their home and 35.6% rented their home.

The median age was 36.8 years. Of the people, 82.8% were White, 2.2% were Black, 0.4% were Asian, 0.3% were Native American, 6.5% were from some other race, and 7.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 14.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,489 people, 1,985 households, and 1,161 families living in Goodland.

"The Goodland Star-News" is the city's only newspaper. It is published twice per week.
Four radio stations are licensed to and/or broadcast from Goodland. KLOE broadcasts a full service News/Talk format on 730 AM. KKCI plays a Classic Rock format, and they broadcast on 102.5 FM. KWGB is licensed to Colby, Kansas, and they broadcast from Goodland on 97.9 FM. They play country music. KGCR broadcasts on 107.7 FM from near Brewster, Kansas. They are licensed to Goodland. They play Christian Contemporary music.

Goodland is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market. CBS affiliate KBSL-DT is licensed to Goodland, and they broadcast on digital channel 10.

Due to Goodland and the rest of Sherman County observing Mountain time, prime-time television programming airs from 6 to 9 p.m., instead of 7 to 10 like in the Central time zone.

A reproduction of Vincent van Gogh's painting 3 Sunflowers in a Vase was created in 2001 by artist Cameron Cross. It is 80 feet tall. After it was built, the weather damaged it. Cross came back in 2012 to repaint it using brighter paint.



Michael D. Reynolds

Michael David Reynolds ( – October 15, 2019) was an American educator and astrology. He was professor of astronomy at Florida State College at Jacksonville in Jacksonville, Florida. He was the director of Chabot Space and Science Center in Alameda County, California. 

Reynolds was best known for his work in science education, both in lecture halls and less formal settings. He also participated in astronomy and space exploration outreach.

Reynolds died of cardiac arrest in his home in Jacksonville on October 15, 2019 at the age of 65.

Tonganoxie, Kansas

Tonganoxie (pronounced ) is a city in Leavenworth County, Kansas. It is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area within the United States. In 2020, 5,573 people lived there.

Tonganoxie was platted in 1866. It was named after a local Native American Chief from the Delaware Tribe whose name means "shorty" in the Delaware language. Tonganoxie was incorporated as a city in the late 1870s.

Tonganoxie is at (39.108880, -95.086885). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Tonganoxie has hot, humid summers and generally cold winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Tonganoxie has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 5,573 people, 2,087 households, and 1,482 families living in Tonganoxie. Of the households, 71.1% owned their home and 28.9% rented their home.

The median age was 36.0 years. Of the people, 87.3% were White, 1.5% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 1.5% were from some other race, and 8.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,996 people, 1,884 households, and 1,338 families living in Tonganoxie.



Vicki Ann Funk

Vicki Ann Funk (November 26, 1947 – October 22, 2019) was an American botanist and researcher. She was a Senior Research Botanist and Curator at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History.

She was known for her work on members of the composite family (Asteraceae) including collecting plants in many parts of the world, as well as her synthetic work on phylogenetics and biogeography.

Funk died on October 22, 2019 at the age of 71.

Hildegard Bachert

Hildegard Bachert (April 3, 1921 – October 17, 2019) was a German-born American art dealer and gallery director. Bachert moved to the United States in 1936 to escape the Nazi regime. In 1940, she began working at the Galerie St. Etienne, a Manhattan gallery focusing in Austrian and German expressionist art, where she worked until her death. She was born in Mannheim, Germany.

Bachert died at her home in Brattleboro, Vermont on October 17, 2019 at the age of 98.

Brattleboro, Vermont

Brattleboro (), originally Brattleborough, is a town in Windham County, Vermont, United States. Brattleboro is located about north of the Massachusetts state line. In 2020, Brattleboro's population was 12,184.

Ole Henrik Laub

Ole Henrik Laub (3 December 1937 – 22 October 2019) was a Danish novelist and children's writer. He was also an art painter and cartoonist. He was born in Aarhus, Denmark. Laub made his debut in 1967 with "Et Sværd Dyppet i Honning", a collection of short stories. He wrote more than fifty books, short stories, novels, and books for children.

Laub died on 22 October 2019 in Denmark at the age of 81.

Alfred Znamierowski

Alfred Znamierowski (21 June 1940 – 23 October 2019) was a Polish vexillologist, heraldist, illustrator, and journalist. During his career he published many books and designed hundreds of coats of arms, flags, banners and seals for over 200 different cities and institutions. He was born in Warsaw. From 1985 to 1994, Znamierowski was an editor of the Polish Service of Voice of America in Washington, D.C..

Znamierowski died on 23 October 2019 in Prague from a heart attack at the age of 79.

Walter Franco

Walter Franco (6 January 1945 – 24 October 2019) was a Brazilian rock singer, guitarist, record producer and composer. In 1998 he worked with Rosa Passos for their debut album "Especial Tom Jobim". His 1975 album "Revolver" was No. 50 on "Rolling Stone"s list of the Top 100 Brazilian albums. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil. Other ablums include "Respire Fundo", "Vela Aberta", "Walter Franco" and "Tutano".

Franco died on 24 October 2019 at a São Paulo hospital from a stroke, aged 74.

Salvador Freixedo

Salvador Freixedo, (23 April 1923 – 25 October 2019) was a Spanish Catholic priest. He was a member of the Jesuit Order.

He was known as a Ufologist and researcher of "paranormal subjects". He wrote many books on the relationship between religion and extraterrestrial beings, and was a speaker in several international UFO congresses in Europe, the Americas, and Asia.

He was also a contributor to a number of parascientific magazines, such as "Mundo Desconocido" ("Unknown World"), "Karma 7" and "Más allá" ("Beyond") among others.

Hans Zender

Johannes Wolfgang Zender (22 November 1936 – 22 October 2019) was a German conductor and composer. He was the chief conductor of several opera houses.

As a conductor, he worked at the Theater Freiburg, Theater Bonn, Opernhaus Kiel and Hamburg State Opera, and led the radio orchestra Deutsche Radio Philharmonie Saarbrücken Kaiserslautern. 

He taught at the Musikhochschule Frankfurt. His opera "Stephen Climax" premiered in 1986 at the Oper Frankfurt, and his third opera, "Chief Joseph", premiered in 2005 at the Staatsoper Unter den Linden.

Zender died on 22 October 2019 in Meersburg, Germany at the age of 82.

ShopHQ

ShopHQ, formerly known as Evine until 2019, is an American cable, satellite and broadcast television network owned by iMedia Brands Inc. The channel is headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota.

The home shopping channel's main competitors are Qurate's HSN and QVC.


It's Showtime

It's Showtime (commonly known as Showtime!) is a long-running noon-time variety show from the Philippines. It airs weekdays at 12:00 PM to 3:30 PM and Saturdays at 11:45 AM to 2:30 PM. The show premiered on October 24, 2009 and it's currently celebrating its 10th anniversary in Philippine television.

Emmett Chappelle

Emmett W. Chappelle (24 October 1925 – 14 October 2019) is an African-American scientist. He was born in Phoenix, Arizona. He worked for NASA.

He also was a member of the American Chemical Society, the American Society of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, the American Society of Photobiology, the American Society of Microbiology, and the American Society of Black Chemists.

Chappelle died of kidney failure in Baltimore, Maryland on 14 October 2019, one week before his 94th birthday.

Oktibbeha County, Mississippi

Oktibbeha County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 51,788 people lived there. The county seat is Starkville.


Firestone, Colorado

The Town of Firestone is a town in Weld County, Colorado, United States. The population was 16,381 at the 2020 census.

Cessières-Suzy

Cessières-Suzy is a new commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region in north France. It was created on 1 January 2019 and is made of the former communes of Cessières and Suzy.

Villeneuve-sur-Aisne

Villeneuve-sur-Aisne is a commune in the Aisne department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France. It was created on 1 January 2019. It is made of the former communes of Guignicourt and Menneville.



Velma, Oklahoma

Velma is a city in Stephens County, Oklahoma in the United States.

Pocola, Oklahoma

Pocola is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Freedom, Oklahoma

Freedom is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Saint-George

Saint-George is a municipality in Nyon in the Swiss canton of Vaud.


Purfleet

Purfleet is a town just east of London on the banks of the River Thames in Essex, England. Purfleet is in the Civil Parish of West Thurrock and has some industries within it. It is also part of the Thames Gateway redevelopment area and is also a conservation area.

Thurrock

Thurrock () is a unitary authority area with borough status in the English ceremonial county of Essex.

Flintshire

Flintshire is a county in Wales. Connah's Quay is located in Flintshire.

Signy-Avenex

Signy-Avenex is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Prentiss County, Mississippi

Prentiss County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 25,008 people lived there. Its county seat is Booneville.

Momoko Sakura

Sakura was born in Shimizu City in the Shizuoka prefecture of Japan.

Over the years the "Chibi Maruko-chan" book series has gotten a lot of success. More than 30 million copies were sold. Sakura was also a very popular author, as she had a very unique viewpoint and narrative in her stories, especially in the stories "Momokanzume", "Saru no Koshikake" and "Tai no Okashira" which have sold over a million copies.

Corn dog

A corn dog is a sausage on a stick coated in a thick layer of cornmeal batter and deep-fried. The sausage used in a corn dog is usually the same types that are used in hot dogs. It is a popular type of fast food or street food.

Corn dogs originate from the United States in the 1920s. It is commonly found in American cuisine. They are found as a frozen food at most supermarkets.

Corn dogs were first introduced by German Texans in the 1920s. The corn dog was first made as just a sausage rolled in cornbread battered and fried. Many years later, sticks were added to corn dogs as a unique food-holding tool that would later create the modern corn dog.

On 1927, the idea of fried food on a stick was filed for a patent in the US. On 1929, the patent was accepted. On the patent, it states that many foods other than sausages can also be used in the same way that a corn dog is prepared. The patent also states that by having a stick, the stick would allow the fried food to be handled and eaten in a cleaner way.

The earliest known year when the corn dog was first prepared in the US was on 1937. During a high school baseball game in Adel, Iowa, ballpark vendors ran out of hot dog buns for their hot dogs. Roger Newman, a local tavern owner who runs one of the vendors, took the remaining hot dogs in order to make corn dogs without sticks. He breaded each hot dog in a cornmeal batter that he had prepared for an upcoming fish fry, and returned to the ballpark with these corn dogs. Even though there were not any sticks for any of the corn dogs, patrons held the corn dogs with a wide variety of different methods. Some patrons held the corn dogs with wax paper, paper cones, and even pocket knives.

Many current corn dog vendors believed that they invented or popularized the corn dog. Carl and Neil Fletcher claimed that they had popularized the corn dog by introducing "Corny Dogs" at the State Fair of Texas sometime between 1938 and 1942. The Pronto Pup vendors at the Minnesota State Fair claim to have invented the corn dog in 1941. On June 16, 1946, Cozy Dog Drive-in, in Springfield, Illinois, claims to have been the first to serve corn dogs on sticks. Also on 1946, Dave Barham opened the first location of Hot Dog on a Stick at Muscle Beach in Santa Monica, California.

Several variants of corn dog exist.


The Wave in the Mind

The Wave in the Mind is a book by Ursula K. Le Guin. It is a collection of essays. Shambhala Publications published the book in 2004. The ISBN is .

Steering the Craft

Steering the Craft: Exercises and Discussions on Story Writing for the Lone Mariner and the Mutinous Crew is a 1998 nonfiction book by Ursula K. Le Guin. The book started as a writers' workshop led by Le Guin. There self-guided exercises and discussions in the book about how to write stories.

Black site

A black site is a place where prisoners are kept in secret.

The term was invented for places controlled by the CIA and used by the U.S. government in its War on Terror. They are used to hold people the CIA think are 'unlawful enemy combatants'.

U.S. President George W. Bush acknowledged the existence of secret prisons operated by the CIA during a speech on September 6, 2006. A claim that the black sites existed was made by "The Washington Post" in November 2005 and before this by human rights NGOs.

On the one hand, there is little or no legal authority for the operation of black sites by the United States or any other countries. On the other hand, many of the atrocities committed by anti-Western groups against civilians are far beyond the Geneva Conventions of war. 

Mr. Satan

Mr. Satan (also known as Hercule in English dubs) is a fictional character from the manga "Dragon Ball" and anime "Dragon Ball Z". He also appears in "Dragon Ball GT" and "Dragon Ball Super". 

He is portrayed as a great fighter, champion of the world, cheered by all humanity. In reality he hides a clumsy and cowardly personality. Usually this duality is used for comedic gags.

He also has a daughter, Videl who will marry Son Gohan, son of Goku. In the Majin buu saga he befriends the good side of the antagonist.

Because "Satan" is also the name of the main evil spirit in Christianity, the character's name sparked so much controversy that when Dragon Ball was imported to North America, his name was changed to Hercule.

Basshunter discography

Basshunter, a Swedish singer, record producer and DJ, has released five studio albums, two compilation albums, 29 singles, five promotional singles and seven remixes. "The Bassmachine", Basshunter's debut studio album, was released by Alex Music on 25 August 2004. In April 2006, he signed his first contract with Extensive Music and Warner Music Sweden. His single "Boten Anna" charted at number one on the Danish singles chart, where it stayed for fourteen weeks; it was certified triple platinum by IFPI Danmark. "Boten Anna" also reached number one in the Swedish singles chart and was certified platinum by IFPI Sverige. His second studio album "LOL", released on 28 August 2006, charted in the top five in Sweden, Denmark and Finland. The album was certified platinum by IFPI Finland and double platinum by IFPI Danmark. In late 2006, Basshunter released his albums "The Bassmachine" and "The Old Shit" through his own website. Basshunter's third single "Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA" was certified gold by IFPI Danmark. Basshunter collaborated with the duo Patrik & Lillen on his single "Vifta med händerna".

The single "Now You're Gone", which uses the same music as "Boten Anna", was originally recorded by Mental Theo and sung by Sebastian Westwood but in 2007, Basshunter recorded a shorter version of "Now You're Gone" to appeal to international audiences. The song subsequently charted at number one on the British and Irish singles charts, and stayed there for five weeks. It was also certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry and Recorded Music NZ. The second single released was a cover of the KC and the Sunshine Band song "Please Don't Go". The third single was "All I Ever Wanted", which uses the music from "Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA" in the style of "Now You're Gone". It charted at number one in Ireland and at number two in the United Kingdom, and was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry and Recorded Music NZ. "Now You're Gone – The Album" was released on 14 July 2008 and like the single was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry and Recorded Music NZ. The fourth single was "Angel in the Night", which was followed by a cover of Westlife's song "I Miss You". Basshunter's sixth and final single from "Now You're Gone – The Album" was "Walk on Water", which accompanied a deluxe edition re-release of the album featuring new remixes and the previous four singles from the album.

The single "Every Morning" was released before Basshunter's fifth studio album "Bass Generation", which was released on 25 September 2009. The album was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry. The second single was "I Promised Myself", a cover of a Nick Kamen song. A compilation album titled "The Early Bedroom Sessions" was released on 3 December 2012; it Includes seven songs from "The Old Shit", all ten songs from "The Bassmachine", and the tracks "Go Down Now", "Trance Up" and "Wacco Will Kick Your Ass", which had previously appeared on singles, and three unreleased songs. On 13 May 2013 he released his sixth studio album "Calling Time". The album charted on the American Dance/Electronic Albums chart at number 25. Five tracks from the album were released as singles: "Saturday" (2010), "Fest i hela huset" (2011), "Northern Light", "Dream on the Dancefloor" (2012), "Crash & Burn" and "Calling Time" (2013). "Saturday" was certified gold by Recorded Music NZ. "Fest i hela huset" charted at number five in Sweden; it was recorded in collaboration with participants from the Swedish "Big Brother" series.


Piccolo (Dragon Ball)

Piccolo is a fictional character from the manga Dragon Ball by Akira Toriyama. The character also appears in the Anime Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z, Dragon Ball GT and Dragon Ball Super. He is the child and embodiment of Piccolo Daimao, who was defeated by Goku. First goal of Piccolo Junior is to defeat Goku in a battle, avenging his father's death. However Piccolo is defeated by his rival in the final match of The martial art tournament, instead of killing him Goku let him live. 
Later in the story he trains Son Gohan,son of Goku, while Goku was dead in order to make him stronger. 

Videl

Videl is a character from the manga Dragon Ball created by Akira Toriyama. She appears in the Anime Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Super. She is the only daughter of Mr. Satan. Later she becomes Son Gohan 's wife and mother of Pan.

Her name is derived from the anagram of the English word "devil".

Paul Lambert

Paul Lambert (born 7 August 1969) is a Scottish professional football manager and former player, who was most recently the manager of Ipswich Town.

Aston University

Aston University is a public university in the city centre of Birmingham, England. It received its royal charter from Queen Elizabeth II on 22 April 1966.

Aston is famous for having a placement year as part of many of its undergraduate degree courses. It pioneered the integrated placement year concept from its start in 1966.

In 1875, a School of Metallurgy was formed in the Birmingham and Midland Institute. In 1895, the Birmingham Municipal Technical School separated from the Institute. It taught chemistry, physics, metallurgy and electrical engineering. In 1911, commercial classes were introduced. By 1916, this had grown into an independent School of Commerce. In 1927, the school changed its name to the Birmingham Central Technical College. This was to reflect its changing approach to teaching technology.

In 1951, the Technical College was renamed the "College of Technology, Birmingham".
Work began on the Main Building at Gosta Green. Princess Margaret laid one of the first foundation stones at the base of the new building in 1951. The building is said to be one of Europe's largest freestanding brick buildings. In 1956 it became the UK's first College of Advanced Technology. It had a major expansion. The college expanded again to a design by the City Architect of Birmingham Alwyn Sheppard Fidler between 1957 and 1965.

On 22 April 1966, it it was given its Royal Charter. It became the "University of Aston in Birmingham". On 10 May 1966, the first Chancellor of the University, Lord Nelson of Stafford, was installed. The Charter of the University outlines its objectives. These are appropriate to a technological university:
Due to the history of the institution, there is emphasis given to the sandwich course system and the maintenance of strong links with industry. The motto of the University is the same as that of the City of Birmingham – "Forward".

In 1983, Aston University, Birmingham City Council, and Lloyds Bank, established Birmingham Technology Ltd.. This company manages the Aston Science Park. The science park is next to the university site. In 1984, the area was granted its own postal address "The Aston Triangle". This made the campus an official district of Birmingham. The logo of the establishment takes from the shape of the area.

In September 2010, Aston University hosted the British Science Festival. This is one of Europe's largest public science events. Since May 2011, Sir John Sunderland has been the Chancellor. The university is a lead sponsor of Aston University Engineering Academy. This university technical college (UTC) opened in September 2012. The UTC is for students aged 14 to 19 wishing to study and have a career in engineering. It is located at the edge of the Aston University campus.

In October 2014, the University announced a £35 million cash injection for a major upgrade of the campus. This included a new £19 million revamp of Aston Business School and improvement work to the Aston Institute of Photonic Technologies and the School of Languages and Social Sciences. In October 2015, Aston launched the Aston Medical School. This was for postgraduate research students. In September 2018 the first Bachelor of Medicine MBChB course started. The course takes five years.

In February 2017, the University launched its online programme website. Four MSc programmes are offered 100% online to students in the UK and worldwide. It also offers the Aston Business School's MBA. In July 2017, Aston became the first University in the UK to award degree apprenticeship graduates. Aston began working in close partnership with Capgemini, to create the first degree apprenticeship: "Digital and Technology Solutions" in 2012.

The university sits on a 40-acre campus at Gosta Green, in the city centre of Birmingham, England. The campus has accommodation for over 3000 students. It has sports facilities, a library, cafés, restaurants, pubs, shops, travel centre, hairdresser, health centre, dentist, places of worship, opticians, a bank, automated teller machines and outside leisure space.

Aston University Library is on four floors. It contains over 250,000 books and 800 current printed periodicals. It has over 700 reader places. It provides online access over 3,400 electronic journals. The Library is open 24 hours a day to Aston students and staff during exam time,and 12 hours a day during term time.

Around the campus there are open-access IT suites. They offer computer and internet access 24 hours a day. They offer access to software packages, database systems and computer-aided learning materials.

Aston University sports facilities include a 25m swimming pool, sauna and steam room, two sports halls, a gym, weights and fitness rooms, and a two storey dance studio. It has 35 sports clubs. The campus also has two floodlit sports pitches. Many of the University clubs train and compete in the British Universities and Colleges Sports (BUCS) Leagues. Away from the campus, the University manages a 40-acre sports ground with floodlit pitches and a pavilion for all outdoor sports.

All of the Aston University's faculties are based on one campus. They are organised into the following five schools:

<br>

The university's arms were granted on 18 March 1955 by Garter, Clarenceux and Norroy and Ulster Kings of Arms to the Birmingham Corporation. This was for use by the former College of Technology. They were designed to show the College's connection with the City and with the teaching of technology. The arms consist of a shield and crest.

The shield has two sections – the field (the main background) and a chief (the broad band across the top of the shield). The field is
coloured blue. The chief is coloured silver. On the field is a diagonal line of five gold diamonds joined one to the other. This is similar to the first quarter of the Arms of the City of Birmingham. It is incorporated in the Arms of the College to show its connection to the City. On the chief is depicted an open book bound in red placed between two black hammers. This shows the connection of the University with technology. The book represents learning. The hammers represent engineering and allied trades.

The crest is designed to stress the pursuit of knowledge. It consists of a red torch held erect by a forearm between two branches of gold laurel. Originally it would have been worn on the helmet of a fully armed person. The crest is always placed on the top of the helm. The method of joining the crest to the helm was usually concealed by decoration. In the University's arms this is done by the use of a wreath and a crown. The wreath is silver, red, and black. These colours being taken from the shield. On top is a mural crown (resembling a wall). This is reserved in modern grants for persons and organisations connected with public corporations. The cloth mantling hangs down from the top of the helm. This represents the cloak which was originally worn to protect the armour. It is coloured blue and gold. These being the two principal colours of the shield.

In 2016, Her Majesty's College of Arms granted the favour of supporters to Aston University's arms. This marked the 50th anniversary of the University. Professor Julia King, the Baroness Brown of Cambridge, the Vice-Chancellor, had made the request.
The Letters Patent was formally presented to Aston University by the York Herald, Michael Peter Desmond O'Donoghue Esq.. This was made in a service at St Phillips Cathedral, Birmingham, on 29th September 2016.

The arms are supported by a Canada goose and a red squirrel. The Canada goose is a symbol. It represents the family of geese living on the University campus. The squirrel is the crest of the arms of Aston Manor. This is a rebus. (The picture is a pun on the persons name. The owners of Aston Manor were the Holte family and a squirrel's nest is called a holt). This explains the ancient connection between the squirrel and Aston. The animal also appears on the University mace. It also appears on the Chancellor's chain of office. This chain was originally the property of the Mayor of Aston Manor.

The gorse around the animals' necks is a reference to Gosta Green. It was known as "Gostie" Green during the 18th century. This combined the name of the landowner (William de Gorsty) with the local plant called 'gorse'

The academic dress for graduates of the University is as follows:

In the 2008 Research Assessment Exercise, Aston University was ranked in the top 12 in the UK in all four of its broad subject areas. Of the research undertaken, 86% was described as 'internationally significant'. 88% of Aston academic staff were submitted for research assessment. This is one of the highest proportions in the UK. According to the Research Assessment Exercise, the university's strengths include Business and Management, General Engineering, subjects allied to Medicine (Optometry, Biology, Pharmacy and Psychology), Languages and European Studies.

In the 2012 QS World University Rankings, graduate employers ranked Aston University 51st for graduate employability. Aston was ranked in the top ten of all UK universities for its graduate employment record.

In 2012, Aston University was responsible for educating 2.3 per cent of the UK's millionaires. This placed Aston at number 8 in the UK.

In 2015, Aston was ranked as the 42nd best university in the world under 50 years old.
For 2018, it was put in the top 55 universities in the UK. It was ranked 18th for student experience in the Sunday Times Good University Guide.<ref name = "Aston University key facts 2017/2018"></ref>

Aston is ranked 34th in the University League Tables 2020.

Founded in 1947, Aston Business School (ABS) is one of the largest and oldest business schools in the UK.

In 1999, ABS was the first UK business school to be awarded the prestigious EQUIS accreditation.

The school's most recent Research Assessment Exercise was in 2008. All research areas submitted ranked in the top 12 in the UK. 45% of the research submitted was judged to be "excellent" or "world-leading".

In 2012, the business school's Masters Management course was ranked by the "Financial Times" as 36th in the world.

In 2014, Aston was 2nd in the UK for developing marketing professionals, 7th for finance professionals,23rd for accounting professionals. This was based on the career outcome data of more than 313 million LinkedIn members.

In 2019, Aston is in the top 1% of Business Schools Worldwide with Triple Accreditation (AMBA, AACSB and EQUIS). It is in the World Top 100 Universities for Business and Management Studies (QS Ranking 2019).

Aston Students' Union (SU) used to be called Aston "Guild" of Students. It is a non-profit independent charity. It was set up to represent and support its members. Most members are current students at Aston University. The SU operates a number of commercial and non-commercial services. These include; the Advice & Representation Centre (ARC), the Aston Athletic Union, the Aston Societies Federation, the SU Shop, Copyshop and B4 Bar. The Aston Athletic Union supports the university sports clubs. The Aston Societies Federation supports non-sporting societies.

The SU is funded by grant income from Aston University. This is added to by funds raised by the SU's commercial services. The SU is led by a Trustee Board of elected students and external trustees. Day-to-day management is by a team of permanent staff and the Executive Committee. The Executive Committeeby is an elected student team.

The SU building consists of 5 floors and is located in the centre of the Aston University Campus.

On 29 November 2006, the students voted to disaffiliate the Guild (now Union) from the National Union of Students. On 26 November 2014, they voted to re-affiliate.

In the 1970s, three tower blocks containing student accommodation were constructed on Aston University campus. They were named Dalton, Lawrence and Stafford Towers. In August 1999, the Lakeside complex added further student accommodation on to the campus.

In April 2007, Aston University submitted a planning application for demolition of the three 1970s towers. They were to be replaced by new student accommodation blocks, apartments for tutors, retail units and administrative offices.
On 8 May 2011, Lawrence and Dalton Towers were demolished.
On 27 April 2014, Stafford Tower, Gem Sports Centre and Lakeside Conference Centre were demolished. This made way for a new entrance to Aston University and a five-acre green space. The new landscaped area includes a walkway into the university from the city centre. It also contains a pavilion for teaching. The pavillion is also used as a catering facility for outdoor events. The new buildings are named the William Murdoch, the James Watt, the Harriet Martineau and the Mary Sturge Residences.

In 2016, Aston sold all of the student housing that it owned to UNITE Students.







Margaret Lyons

Margaret Lyons (November 21, 1923 – October 5, 2019), born Keiko Margaret Inouye, was the first female vice president of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC). She was known for her role in the CBC's "Radio Revolution". Lyons was designated a Member of the Order of Canada in 2010 for her work in broadcasting.

Lyons died from medically assisted death in Toronto on October 5, 2019, at the age of 95.

The Twilight Zone

The Twilight Zone could mean:

Walter Fauntroy

Walter Edward Fauntroy (born February 6, 1933) is an American politician, civil rights activist and criminal. He is also a former delegate to the United States House of Representatives. He was a candidate for the 1972 and 1976 Democratic presidential nominations. 

In 2012, Fauntroy disappeared and presumably fled the United States after a bench warrant was issued for his arrest. In 2016, Fauntroy returned to the United States and was arrested at Washington Dulles International Airport. He had been hiding in Ajman, the capital of the Emirate of Ajman in the United Arab Emirates.

Josip Elic

Josip Elic (March 10, 1921 – October 21, 2019) was an American actor. He was born in Butte, Montana. He was best known for his role as Bancini in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest".

Elic died at a nursing home in River Edge, New Jersey on October 21, 2019 from problems caused by a fall, aged 98.


Therese Zenz

Therese Zenz (15 October 1932 – 22 October 2019) was a German sprint canoer. She took part in the 1952, 1956 and 1960 Olympics and won three silver medals for the United Team of Germany in 1956 and 1960. She later became a coach for the West German team.

Zenz won three medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold (K-1 500 m: 1954 for Saar) and two bronzes (K-1 500 m and K-2 500 m: both 1958 for West Germany).


Anne Phelan

Anne Mary Phelan (2 August 1944 – 27 October 2019) was an Australian actress and activist. Her television soap opera roles included Myra Desmond in "Prisoner" (1980–1985) and Monica Taylor in "Something in the Air" (2000–2002).

She won the 2000 AFI (AACTA) Award for Best Actress in a Television Drama. She also won the 1988 AFI Award for Best Actress in a Miniseries for "Poor Man's Orange". 

Phelan died on 27 October 2019 at the age of 75.

Carlo Strenger

Carlo Strenger (; July 16, 1958 – October 25, 2019) was a Swiss-Israeli psychologist, philosopher, existential psychoanalyst and public intellectual. He was professor of psychology and philosophy at Tel Aviv University. He was a senior research fellow at the Center for the Study of Terrorism at John Jay College. He was a columnist for "Haaretz" and for "Neue Zürcher Zeitung".

Don Valentine

Donald Thomas Valentine (June 26, 1932 – October 25, 2019) was an American venture capitalist. His companies focused on technology companies in the United States. He was called the "grandfather of Silicon Valley venture capital".

Valentine died on October 25, 2019 in Woodside, California at the age of 87.

Vladimir Bukovsky

Vladimir Konstantinovich Bukovsky (; 30 December 1942 – 27 October 2019) was a Russian-born British human rights activist and writer. 

From the late 1950s to the mid-1970s, he was a known figure in the Soviet dissident movement. He spent a total of twelve years in the psychiatric prison-hospitals, labour camps, and prisons of the Soviet Union.

He was a member of the international advisory council of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation, a director of the Gratitude Fund (set up in 1998 to commemorate and support former dissidents), and a member of the International Council of the New York City-based Human Rights Foundation.

In 2001, Bukovsky received the Truman-Reagan Medal of Freedom.

In May 2007, Bukovsky announced his plans to run as candidate for president in the May 2008 Russian presidential election. On 16 December 2007, Bukovsky was officially nominated to run against Dmitry Medvedev and other candidates.

Bukovsky died on 27 October 2019 at a hospital in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire from heart failure at the age of 76.

Paul Barrere

Paul Barrere (July 3, 1948 – October 26, 2019) was an American guitarist. He was a member of the band Little Feat, which he joined in 1972.

Barrere died on October 26, 2019 at the age of 71 in Los Angeles, California of liver cancer.

Bernie Parrish

Bernard Paul Parrish (April 29, 1936 – October 23, 2019) was an American college and professional football player. He was a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) and American Football League (AFL) for eight seasons during the 1950s and 1960s. Parrish played college football for the University of Florida. He played professionally for the Cleveland Browns of the NFL and the Houston Oilers of the AFL. He was born in Long Beach, California.

Parrish died on October 23, 2019 from prostate cancer in Springfield, Missouri at the age of 83.

Enriqueta Basilio

Norma Enriqueta Basilio Sotelo, also known as Queta Basilio (15 July 1948 – 26 October 2019) was a Mexican track and field athlete. She made history by being the first woman to light the Olympic Cauldron. She was the last torch-bearer of the 19th Summer Olympics in Mexico City on 12 October 1968.

Basilio died in Mexico City on 26 October 2019 of pneumonia at the age of 71.

Chuck Meriwether

Julius Edward "Chuck" Meriwether (June 30, 1956 – October 26, 2019) was a Major League Baseball (MLB) umpire. He worked in the American League (AL) from 1988 to 1999. He umpired in both leagues from 2000 to 2009. Meriwether originally wore number 32, but in 2004 switched to number 14.

Meriwether died at his home in Nashville, Tennessee on October 26, 2019 at the age of 63 from cancer. 

V. Nanammal

V. Nanammal (24 February 1920 – 26 October 2019) was an Indian Yoga teacher. She was born in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. She trained one million students over 45 years and taught one hundred students daily. Six hundred of her students have become Yoga instructors around the world.

Her work was honored with India's National Nari Shakti Puraskar in 2016 and the country's fourth highest civilian award the Padma Shri in 2018.

Gregory E. Pyle

Gregory Eli Pyle (April 25, 1949 – October 26, 2019) was an American politician. He was the Chief of the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma from 1997 through 2014. He was born in Fort Bragg, California. Pyle was a member of the Democratic Party.

Pyle died on October 26, 2019 in Durant, Oklahoma at the age of 70.

Pascale Roberts

Pascale Roberts (21 October 1930 – 26 October 2019) was a French actress. She was a César Award nominee. In 1957, she married Pierre Mondy but they divorced a few years later. Roberts was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine. Roberts was known for her roles in "The Women Couldn't Care Less", "The Sleeping Car Murders" and in "Plus belle la vie".

Roberts died on 26 October 2019 in Paris from colorectal cancer at the age of 89.

Jim Carr

James Gordon Carr (born October 11, 1951) is a Canadian politician.

In the 2015 federal election, he was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Winnipeg South Centre. He is the Minister of International Trade Diversification in the Cabinet of Canada, headed by Justin Trudeau. He was Minister of Natural Resources from 2015 to 2018.

In October 2019, Carr was diagnosed with multiple myeloma.

Carr was Jewish and had a bar mitzvah in 1964.

Katie Hill (politician)

Katherine Lauren Hill (born August 25, 1987) is an American politician. She was the U.S. Representative for California's 25th congressional district from January 3, 2019 through November 1, 2019. 

Hill is the former Executive Director of People Assisting the Homeless (PATH). She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

On October 27, 2019, after days of media reports of possible sexual actions with staffers, Hill announced her resignation from Congress.


Kaoru Yachigusa

Yachigusa was married to director Senkichi Taniguchi until his death in 2007.

Yachigusa died on 24 October 2019 at a Tokyo hospital from pancreatic cancer, aged 88.


Mariko Okada

She is married to director Yoshishige Yoshida.

Yoshishige Yoshida

, also known as Kijū Yoshida, is a Japanese movie director and screenwriter.

He has directed more than 20 movies between 1960 and 2004. His movie "A Promise" was screened in the Un Certain Regard section the 1986 Cannes Film Festival. Two years later his movie "Wuthering Heights" would compete for the Golden Palm at the 1988 Festival.

He is married to actress Mariko Okada.

Senkichi Taniguchi

Taniguchi died of pneumonia at a hospital in Tokyo on October 29, 2007, at the age of 95. He was married to actress Kaoru Yachigusa at the time of his death.

Pioneer MRT station

Pioneer MRT Station is a MRT station in Singapore.

Despite its name, Pioneer station is not physically located within the Pioneer planning area. Rather, its name was derived from Pioneer Road North, a major road to the west of the station that travels in the north-south direction. Pioneer station is the nearest MRT station to the Nanyang Technological University.

It is one of two above-ground stations on the MRT network with a privacy screen built along the track of the eastbound platform to ensure the privacy of nearby residents; the other station being Marsiling MRT station.

The station code was W13 before the opening.

Tuas Crescent MRT station

Tuas Crescent MRT station (EW31) is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station along the East West Line in Tuas, Singapore. This station is named after a road in the vicinity.

Originally the station code was W16 before the opening.

It was first announced on 11 January 2011 by then-Transport Minister Mr Raymond Lim in a speech while visiting Bedok when new platform screen doors opened there. It was expected to be completed by 2016 and would benefit an estimated 100,000 commuters daily.

According to Lianhe Zaobao, this station and the tracks linking it are built in the middle of a vehicular bridge, a historical first for Singapore train services.

It has the longest staircase in all stations with 105 steps, and the longest escalator of 17.5m in Singapore's rail network. 

Tuas West Road MRT station

Tuas West Road MRT Station (EW32) is a MRT station along the East West Line in Tuas, Singapore. This station is to provide rail connection to the western part of Tuas and Tuas South from the rest of the island, and vice versa. It was formerly W17 before the opening.

It was first announced on 11 January 2011 by Transport Minister Mr Raymond Lim in a speech while visiting Bedok when new platform screen doors opened there. It was expected to be completed by 2016 and would benefit an estimated 100,000 commuters daily.

Ol Doinyo Lengai

Ol Doinyo Lengai is a volcano in the East African Rift in Tanzania. The name means Mountain of God in the Maasai language. 

Ol Doinyo Lengai is the only volcano in the world that erupts a rock known as carbonatite. This is a rock which has greater than 50% of carbonate minerals.

Howard, Kansas

Howard is a city in Elk County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Elk County. In 2020, 570 people lived there.

Howard was created in 1870. It was incorporated as a city in 1877. Howard was named after Oliver O. Howard. He was a Union Army general during the Civil War, and he created Howard University. The first post office in Howard was created in February 1870. In 1901, Howard was a sundown town where African Americans were not allowed to live.

Howard is at (37.469434, -96.263043). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 570 people, 268 households, and 148 families living in Howard. Of the households, 71.6% owned their home and 28.4% rented their home.

The median age was 51.5 years. Of the people, 90.9% were White, 1.2% were Native American, 0.4% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 1.1% were from some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 687 people, 318 households, and 176 families living in Howard.


Bee Movie

Bee Movie is a comedy movie made by DreamWorks Animation. It is about a bee attempting to restore flowers for honey.

Russell, Kansas

Russell is the biggest city in Russell County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Russell County. In 2020, 4,401 people lived there.

In 1871, colonists from Ripon, Wisconsin created Russell. It was named after the county. Russell was incorporated and became the temporary county seat in 1872. After a two-year disagreement with Bunker Hill, it became the permanent county seat in 1874. In 1876, Volga Germans, mostly from the area around Saratov and Samara in Russia, started moving in and around Russell.

The first discovery oil well in Russell County was drilled west of Russell in 1923. An oil boom started and lasted through the 1930s, attracting settlers from Oklahoma and Texas. Petroleum production became an important part of the local economy.

Russell came to national attention in the mid-1990s. This was because it was the hometown of U.S. Senators Bob Dole and Arlen Specter when both men campaigned for the U.S. presidency. Dole was born and raised in Russell, and it remained his official place of residence throughout his political career.

Russell is at (38.889807, -98.857113). It has an elevation of 1,827 feet (557 m). It is in north-central Kansas at the intersection of Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 281. Russell is about northwest of Wichita, west of Kansas City, and east-southeast of Denver.

The city is in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. It is about south of the Saline River and north of the Smoky Hill River. Fossil Creek, a tributary of the Smoky Hill River, goes just south of the city. It has been dammed to make a small reservoir called Fossil Lake.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 4,401 people, 1,930 households, and 1,091 families living in Russell. Of the households, 68.1% owned their home and 31.9% rented their home.

The median age was 42.9 years. Of the people, 90.4% were White, 1.2% were Black, 0.7% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 1.0% were from some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,506 people, 2,041 households, and 1,216 families living in Russell.

Russell Regional Hospital is the only hospital in Russell. It was created in 1942. It is a private, non-profit, 54-bed general medical and surgical facility.

"The Russell County News" is the local newspaper. it is published weekly on Thursdays. It was a daily newspaper until 2000. It then became a twice-weekly newspaper from 2001-15.

Russell is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.

Notable individuals who were born in and/or have lived in Russell include:


Paraíso, Costa Rica

Paraíso () is a small city in Costa Rica, located 8 km southeast of Cartago. It is a tourist attraction due to its exceptionally beautiful surrounding locales. It was founded in 1823.

Kay Hagan

Janet Kay Hagan (née Ruthven; May 26, 1953 – October 28, 2019) was an American lawyer, businesswoman, and politician. She was a United States Senator from North Carolina from 2009 to 2015. She was a member of the Democratic Party. Hagan was a member of the North Carolina Senate from 1999 to 2009.

Hagan became Senator after beating Republican Senator Elizabeth Dole in the 2008 election. She became the first woman to beat an incumbent woman in a U.S. Senate election. She ran for re-election in 2014 and lost to Republican challenger Thom Tillis in a close race.

Hagan died on October 28, 2019 in Greensboro, North Carolina from problems caused by encephalitis, aged 66.

Shelby, North Carolina

Shelby is a city in and the county seat of Cleveland County, North Carolina, United States. It lies near the western edge of the Charlotte combined statistical area. The population was 21,918 at the 2020 census.

Cleveland County, North Carolina

Cleveland County is a county on the southern border of the U.S. state of North Carolina. As of the 2020 census, the population was 99,519. Its county seat is Shelby.

The county was made in 1841 from parts of Lincoln and Rutherford counties.

These counties are bordered to Cleveland County:

These communities are in Cleveland County:




Max Cleland

Joseph Maxwell Cleland (August 24, 1942 – November 9, 2021) was an American politician. Cleland, a Democrat, was a disabled US Army veteran of the Vietnam War. He was the United States Senator from Georgia from 1997 through 2003.

From 2003 to 2007, he was on the Board of Directors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States. From 2009 to 2017, he was Secretary of the American Battle Monuments Commission.

He lost serval limbs when he was blown by a grenade during his service in the Vietnam War.

Cleland died on November 9, 2021 at his home in Atlanta, Georgia from heart failure, aged 79.

John W. Nicholson

John William Nicholson (born c. 1934) is an American retired Brigadier General of the United States Army. He was appointed secretary of the American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC) by President George W. Bush in January 2005. He is the brother of Jim Nicholson, a former Secretary of Veterans Affairs. He was born in Struble, Iowa.

Minneapolis, Kansas

Minneapolis is a city in Ottawa County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Ottawa County. In 2020, 1,946 people lived there.

Minneapolis was originally called Markley's Mills. It was renamed Minneapolis about 1871, after Minneapolis, Minnesota. A railroad was built through Minneapolis in 1878.

Minneapolis had its own minor league baseball team called the Minnies in 1905. They also had it from 1908-1909, and again in 1912, alternately as part of the Kansas State League or Central Kansas League.

Minneapolis is at (39.124719, -97.705209). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Minneapolis is part of the Salina Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,946 people, 785 households, and 473 families living in Minneapolis. Of the households, 71.8% owned their home and 28.2% rented their home.

The median age was 42.2 years. Of the people, 92.2% were White, 0.9% were Black, 0.3% were Native American, 0.3% were Asian, 0.5% were from some other race, and 5.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,032 people, 832 households, and 528 families living in Minneapolis.



Rudy Ray Moore

Rudolph Frank Moore (March 17, 1927October 19, 2008), known as Rudy Ray Moore, was an American comedian, musician, singer, movie actor, and movie producer. He created the character Dolemite, the pimp from the 1975 movie "Dolemite" and its sequels, "The Human Tornado" and "The Return of Dolemite". The character was developed during his early comedy records. He was known as "the Godfather of Rap".

Oriental Telephone Company

The Oriental Telephone Company was a company that Alexander Graham Bell created to manufacture his telephones.

Doom Eternal

Doom Eternal is the sequel to the video game Doom (2016). It can be played on the PC, Xbox One,PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series, and can also be played on most devices with the help of cloud play, as seen on here where Doom Eternal is hacked onto a $10 calculator (Credit to Taki Udon).

Similar to the story of Doom 2, the demons from Hell invade Earth. According to Id Software, they hoped to expand the Doom story much more than in the earlier Doom games. Places where the player goes include Earth, Mars, Phobos (one of Mars's moons), Sentinel Prime, Argent d'Nur, Nekravol, and even the game's version of Heaven, Urdak. Some of these planets have been taken over or are being taken over by the Hell dimension.

The monsters and weapons have been redesigned so that they look more like the ones in Doom and Doom 2. Each weapon received new attachments, so they play differently than they did in Doom (2016). The game also added new mechanics like extra lives, wall-climbing, air-dashing, swinging from monkey bars, and swinging from grappling hooks. The player also received a flamethrower so that they can gain armor points when they damage inflamed enemies. The game is designed where certain body parts of the demon enemies can be damaged, so attacking and destroying those body parts can disable certain attacks and make them easier to kill, these are called weak points, examples include: Arachnotron turrets, Mancubus guns, and Revenant turrets, just to name a few.

The game is designed to be much more difficult than the earlier games because the player has much less ammunition and the enemies are more aggressive.

The game has multiplayer like its prequel, but there is a new mechanic called Invasion Mode where players can play as demons and invade other players' campaigns to kill them, though Id Software said that players allowing this feature in their own campaigns would be up to themselves (Editor's Note: Invasion mode will likely never be added, as it has been 3 years since release and we have heard nothing yet from ID Software).

Social Liberal Party (Brazil)

The Social Liberal Party (; often abbreviated as PSL) is a right-wing conservative party in Brazil. Until 2018, the main ideology followed by the party was social-liberalism, however, with the membership of the controversial congressman Jair Bolsonaro, the party shifted its political positions to more right-wing and conservative-oriented ones, namely economic liberalism, liberalism, monarchism and anti-communism.

The party was founded on October 30, 1994. Its current president is Luciano Bivar. 

In the 2018 Presidential elections in Brazil, the party won through Jair Bolsonaro, defeating far-left rival Fernando Haddad, a member of the Workers' Party, thus making Bolsonaro the President-elected of Brazil. He received more support from Evangelical Christians, the middle-class, farmers, as well as from people in South Brazil.


World Anti-Doping Agency

The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA; French: "Agence mondiale antidopage", AMA) is a foundation to fight against drugs in sport. It was set up by the International Olympic Committee and is based in Canada.

WADA promotes, coordinates and monitors the fight against drugs in sports. The agency does scientific research, educates, and has anti-doping capability. It monitors the World Anti-Doping Code. This is enforced by the UNESCO International Convention against Doping in Sport. The Council of Europe Anti-Doping Convention and the United States Anti-Doping Agency have similar aims, and work with WADA.

Muesli

Muesli (pronounced as ) is a type of breakfast cereal made with rolled oats and other ingredients such as grains, nuts, seeds and fresh or dried fruits. Muesli is often served with milk or yoghurt, or occasionally with fruit juice. These liquids are usually added to soften the muesli and to add extra flavor.

Muesli was first developed in 1900 by Swiss physician Maximilian Bircher-Benner. He invented muesli so that patients in his hospital were able to eat a ready-made meal in a dry form, either made fresh or stored.

Zoltán Jeney

Zoltán Jeney (March 4, 1943 – October 28, 2019) was a Hungarian composer. Jeney was a professor at the Liszt Ferenc Academy of Music in Budapest, where he was Head of the Department of Composition. Several of his compositions were released on the Hungaroton label.


The Durrells

The Durrells (known in North America as The Durrells in Corfu) is a British comedy-drama television series loosely based on Gerald Durrell's three autobiographical books about his family's four years (1935–1939) on the Greek island of Corfu. It won the Broadcasting Press Guild Award for best actress in 2017 for Keeley Hawes.


Keeley Hawes

Keeley Hawes (born 10 February 1976) is an English actress and singer. She played on The Durrells. She won an award in 2017 for best actress in the Durrells.

She was born on 10 February 1976 in Marylebone at St Mary's Hospital, London. She is the youngest of four children. As a teenager she worked in different part-time jobs such as a casino, Sainsbury's and McDonald’s. Once a modelling scout came to here at Oxford Street. She started working with a Select Model Management. She worked with teen magazine "Shout", and became a fashion intern for "Cosmopolitan". She was first asked to audition for a film during this period.

Hawes started acting in 1989. In the 1990s she played roles in "Heartbeat" (1995), "Troublemakers", Dennis Potter's "Karaoke" (1995) and "The Beggar Bride" (1997). Her first film role was in the 1998, she played Tamara in "The Avengers".

In 2012, Keeley Hawes started to work with UNICEF.

 on IMDb

Year of the Rabbit (TV series)

Year of the Rabbit is a British sitcom. Keeley Hawes plays in it.

Stephen P. Cohen

Stephen Philip Cohen (1936 – October 27, 2019) was an American political scientist and professor of security studies. He was a known expert on Pakistan, India, and South Asian security. 

He was a senior fellow in foreign policy studies at the Brookings Institution and an emeritus professor at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He authored at least 12 books, and named as one of America's 500 most influential people in foreign affairs.

Cohen died on October 27, 2019 at the age of 83.


Ministry of Human Rights (Pakistan)

The Ministry of Human Rights (, abbreviated as MoHR) is a federal government agency in Pakistan. The ministry is headed by Shireen Mazari, the Minister for Human Rights, while Rabiya Javeri Agha serves as Federal Secretary. The historically contentious issue of human rights in Pakistan received an added emphasis from the highest leadership of Pakistan when the ministry was chipped out of the Ministry of Law and Justice on November 3, 2008

Shireen Mazari

Shireen Mehrunnisa Mazari () is a Pakistani politician who is the current Federal Minister for Human Rights, in office since 20 August 2018. She has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018, and serves as a chief whip for Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf. Previously, she was a member of the National Assembly from June 2013 to May 2018.

Gerald Baliles

Baliles died on October 29, 2019 under hospice care in Charlottesville, Virginia at the age of 79. He had kidney cancer and pulmonary fibrosis at the time of his death.

Shinsegae

Shinsegae (, )
Shinsegae (Korean: 신세계, ) is an South Korean department store, along with many other businesses, headquartered in Seoul, South Korea. The name Shinsegae literally means "New World" in Korean. Its flagship store in Centum City, Busan, was the world's largest department store at , surpassing Macy's flagship Herald Square in New York City in 2009.

Shinsegae was originally part of the Samsung Group "chaebol", separated in the 1990s from the Samsung Group along with CJ Group (Food/Chemicals/Entertainment), Saehan Group (Electronic Media/Apparel/Textiles), and the Hansol Group (Paper/Telecom). The chairman Lee Myung-hee is the daughter of Samsung founder Lee Byung-chull and younger sister of the chairman of Samsung Electronics Lee Kun-hee.

The group owns the brands Shinsegae and E-Mart, and is in direct competition with Lotte Shopping and Hyundai Department Store Group. Currently, it is the largest retailer in South Korea.


Parris Glendening

Parris Nelson Glendening (born June 11, 1942) is an American politician. He was the 59th Governor of Maryland from January 18, 1995 to January 15, 2003. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Table of keyboard shortcuts

Juana Maria

Juana Maria, born on San Nicolas Island, CA, better known to history as the Lone Woman of San Nicolas Island, was a Native American woman who was the last surviving member of her tribe, the Nicoleño. She lived alone on San Nicolas Island off the coast of California from 1835 until her rescue in 1853. She died after getting dysentery. A children's book, "Island of the Blue Dolphins" was based on her. 

Most of her tribe was killed in massacres, which took place in 1814. In 1835, most of the remaining tribe was brought to the mainland, where they died of different diseases. Since then, Juana Maria was probably the only person to live on the island. She was found and brought to the mainland, in 1853. At that time, no one could understand her language any more, and people could only communicate with her using hand signs. Today, only a few isolate words and two songs are known of the language. 

The Nicoleño language has been extinct since Juana Maria's death. It is only known from four words and two songs attributed to her. This evidence was recorded by non-speakers, because no one could be found who could understand Juana Maria. The four Nicoleño words that were translated were "tocah", meaning "animal hide", "nache", meaning "man", "toygwah", meaning "sky", and "puoochay", meaning "body".

One of the songs was recorded as follows:Toki Toki yahamimena (×3)weleshkima nishuyahamimena (×2)Toki Toki ... (continue as above)

The following text was published by an anonymous writer in Sacramento's "Daily Democratic State Journal" on October 13, 1853:The wild woman who was found on the island of San Nicolas about 70 miles from the coast, west of Santa Barbara, is now at the latter place and is looked upon as a curiosity. It is stated she has been some 18 to 20 years alone on the island. She existed on shell fish and the fat of the seal, and dressed in the skins and feathers of wild ducks, which she sewed together with sinews of the seal. She cannot speak any known language, is good-looking and about middle age. She seems to be contented in her new home among the good people of Santa Barbara.

Next United Kingdom general election

The Next United Kingdom general election must be held no later than Tuesday 28 January 2025, after the Dissolution and Calling of Parliament Act 2022 repealed the Fixed-term Parliaments Act 2011.

Most of the polling data says it will be a very narrow election. Some polls don't include Northern Ireland because their parties are different to the UK's. Current polling data from the electionpolling.co.uk website says the Conservatives will get a 2 seat majority

Al Bianchi

Alfred A. Bianchi (March 26, 1932 – October 28, 2019) was an American professional basketball player, coach, general manager, consultant and scout. He was born in New York City. He played for the Syracuse Nationals/Philadelphia 76ers from 1956 through 1966. He coached the Seattle SuperSonics from 1967 through 1969. Bianchi was also the general manager for the New York Knicks.

Bianchi died on October 28, 2019 in Phoenix, Arizona from congestive heart failure at the age of 87.

Hans-Peter Uhl

Hans-Peter Uhl (5 August 1944 – 29 October 2019) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria. Uhl was born in Tübingen, Nazi Germany. Uhl was a member of the member of the German Bundestag from 1998 through 2017.

Uhl died on 29 October 2019 of a long-illness at the age of 75.

Friday (1995 movie)

Friday is a 1995 American stoner comedy movie directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Ice Cube, Chris Tucker, Nia Long

The movie was released on April 26, 1995. It received positive reviews from critics. It has a 76% on Rotten Tomatoes.

William Davies as Tulip Spud Walker 

Chris Tucker as Smokey 

Mia Owen as Chris Laleti

Jarrid Geduld as Ashwin Hunter

Joe Simmons as Mr Walker 

Amalia Uys as Mrs Walker

Madea Simmons as Madea Walker 

Gys Kotze as Mr Stan

Jerry Mofokeng as Stanley

Daniah De Villiers as 10 Years Old Kid

In Cape Town South Africa

Jim Geringer

James Edward Geringer (born April 24, 1944) is an American politician. He was the 30th Governor of Wyoming from 1995 to 2003.

Geringer is one of the founding governors of Western Governors University (WGU) and is currently chairman of the WGU Board of Trustees.


Rosemary Harris (writer)

Rosemary Jeanne Harris (20 February 1923 – 14 October 2019) was a British writer of children's fiction. She won the 1968 Carnegie Medal for British children's books. She was known for her "The Moon in the Cloud" trilogy. Harris was born in London.

Harris died on 14 October 2019 at the age of 96.

ContraPoints

Natalie Wynn (born October 21, 1988) is an American YouTuber and feminist writer. Her videos focus on topics such as politics, gender, and philosophy on her channel ContraPoints, which is seen as an inspiration for left-wing video essays on YouTube.

Wynn was born in Arlington, Virginia. She is a transgender woman and a lesbian. Her videos' main themes are not usually her own identity, but viewers get to follow her journey as she explores her own identity as side notes during her philosophical videos.


Adore Delano

Daniel Anthony Noriega, better known by the stage name Adore Delano, (born September 29, 1989) is an American drag queen, singer-songwriter, and television personality. Noriega was a contestant on the seventh season of "American Idol" in 2008 and later competed in the sixth season of "RuPaul's Drag Race".

Marion County, Oregon

Marion County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. The population was 345,920 at the 2020 census. It is the fifth-most populous county in Oregon. The county seat is Salem. 

Lotfollah Safi Golpaygani

Grand Ayatollah Lotfollah Safi Golpaygani (; February 20, 1919 – February 1, 2022) was one of the most senior Twelver Shia Marja. He was a supporter of the Islamic revolution in Iran. 

In 2012 he became widely known for his fatwa calling for the death of rapper Shahin Najafi for apostasy.

Golpaygani died in Qom, Iran on 1 February 2022 from cardiac arrest at the age of 102.

Janusz A. Brzozowski

Janusz John Antoni Brzozowski (May 10, 1935 – October 24, 2019) was a Polish-Canadian computer scientist. He was a Distinguished Professor Emeritus at the University of Waterloo's David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science.

From 1967 to 1996 he was Professor at the University of Waterloo. He was known for his works to mathematical logic, circuit theory, and automata theory.

Brzozowski died of cancer at his home in Waterloo, Ontario on October 24, 2019 at the age of 84.


Russell Brookes

Russell Brookes (16 August 1945 – 30 October 2019) was a British former rally driver. He won the British Rally Championship with a Ford Escort RS1800 in 1977 and with an Opel Manta 400 in 1985. 

In 1978, he won the Rally New Zealand, a round of the FIA Cup for Drivers, the predecessor to the World Championship for Drivers. 

In the World Rally Championship, he finished on the podium of his home event, the RAC Rally, three times in a row from 1977 to 1979.

Brookes died on 30 October 2019 at the age of 74. 

David Price (politician)

David Eugene Price (born August 17, 1940) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for from 1997 to 2023, previously holding the position from 1987 to 1995. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

In October 2021, Price announced that he would be retiring from Congress in 2022.


Erwin, Tennessee

Erwin is a town in and the county seat of Unicoi County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 6,083 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Johnson City Metropolitan Statistical Area.

1973 Chilean coup d'état

The 1973 Chilean coup d'état was a critical moment in both the history of Chile and the Cold War. 

Following many years of social unrest and political tension between the opposition-controlled Congress of Chile and the socialist President Salvador Allende, as well as economic warfare ordered by US President Richard Nixon. 

Allende was overthrown by the armed forces and national police.

The presidential palace was bombed. During the air raids and ground attacks that preceded the coup, Allende gave his final speech, in which he vowed to stay in the presidential palace. Direct witness accounts of Allende's death agree that he killed himself in the palace.

This marked the beginning of the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet.

Gove City, Kansas

Gove City is a city in Gove County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Gove County. In 2020, 80 people lived there.

Gove City was created in 1885. It became the county seat in 1886, and it incorporated in 1888. It is named after Grenville Gove. He was a member of the 11th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

Gove City is at (38.959462, -100.487071). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 80 people, 36 households, and 19 families living in Gove City. Of the households, 88.9% owned their home and 11.1% rented their home.

The median age was 39.7 years. Of the people, 90.0% were White and 10.0% were two or more races. None were Hispanic or Latino.

The 2010 census says that there were 80 people, 37 households, and 22 families living in Gove City.

Gove is a part of USD 292 Wheatland. The Wheatland High School mascot is a Thunderhawk.

Gove High School was closed through school unification. The Gove High School mascot was the Gove Panthers.


Diosdado Peralta

Diosdado "Dado" Madarang Peralta (born March 27, 1952) is a Filipino jurist. He was appointed as the 26th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines by President Rodrigo Duterte on October 23, 2019. He was Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from January 13, 2009 to October 22, 2019. 

Alan Peter Cayetano

Alan Peter Schramm Cayetano (born October 28, 1970) is a Filipino politician and diplomat. He was the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2019 to 2020.

He also was the Secretary of Foreign Affairs of the Philippines from 2017 to 2018. From 2007 to 2017, he was a Senator of the Philippines.

Girard, Kansas

Girard is a city in Crawford County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Crawford County. In 2020, 2,496 people lived there.

Girard was created in the spring of 1868. It was named after the town of Girard, Pennsylvania, the old home of Charles Strong. It was built around a railroad line of the Kansas City, Fort Scott and Gulf Railroad. They built it there to try to gain an advantage over its rival, Crawfordsville.

The first post office in Girard was created in September 1868.

The first celebration in Girard happened on July 4, 1868, marking Sunday school and Independence Day. Under a law passed in March 1871, Girard became a third class city. In early April the first city officers were elected. The last meeting of the trustees was held April 5, and the first meeting of the new Council was held on April 7.

In May 2003, four people were killed and over a dozen injured by the biggest tornado in Crawford County. At least ten people died in southeast Kansas and southwest Missouri. The Girard tornado was first rated as an F4, but is a strong candidate for an upgrade to F5 status.

Girard is at (37.508855, -94.84552). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,496 people, 1,008 households, and 661 families living in Girard. Of the households, 64.9% owned their home and 35.1% rented their home.

The median age was 40.4 years. Of the people, 88.9% were White, 1.9% were Black, 1.0% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.5% were from some other race, and 7.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,789 people, 1,080 households, and 710 families living in Girard.

"Hometown Girard" is the local newspaper. It started on February 15, 2013. It is published every two weeks.



Hiawatha, Kansas

Hiawatha (Ioway: "Hári Wáta" pronounced ) is the biggest city in Brown County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Brown County. In 2020, 3,280 people lived there.

Hiawatha was created in 1857. This makes it one of the oldest towns in Kansas. John M. Coe, John P. Wheller, and Thomas J. Drummond were important in creating the city, and the place was found on February 17, 1857. B.L. Rider was responsible for naming Hiawatha. It was named after Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's poem, "The Song of Hiawatha". Hiawatha became the Brown County Seat in 1858. The first school opened in 1870.

The main street was called Oregon Street after the Oregon Trail. Parallel streets north of it were named after Indian tribes north of the Trail, and streets south carried tribal names of those south of the Trail.

Hiawatha is named after a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow called "The Song of Hiawatha". The Onondaga and Mohawk Indian leader Hiawatha is in the poem. Next the former Ioway-Sac reservation and the present-day Ioway Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska, Hiawatha is called "Hári Wáta" in Ioway. It means "I am looking far away". This name may be the result of choosing Ioway words that sound like the English name. It has nothing to do with the Onondaga-Mohawk leader.

The city has also had the oldest Halloween parade in the United States. They started it in 1914.

Hiawatha is at (39.851855, -95.537999). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 3,280 people, 1,378 households, and 798 families living in Hiawatha. Of the households, 60.7% owned their home and 39.3% rented their home.

The median age was 41.4 years. Of the people, 85.6% were White, 2.6% were Native American, 1.8% were Black, 0.8% were Asian, 1.5% were from some other race, and 7.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,172 people, 1,369 households, and 843 families living in Hiawatha.



Phillipsburg, Kansas

Phillipsburg is a city in Phillips County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Phillips County. In 2020, 2,337 people lived there.

Phillipsburg was created in 1872. It became the county seat because it is in the middle of the county. It became county seat on July 26, 1872, but the first people did not come until Fall 1872. It was named after politician and journalist William A. Phillips. Phillipsburg was incorporated as a city in 1880.

The first post office was created in Phillipsburg on December 23, 1872. The first postmaster was Fred A Dutton. The name of the post office was spelled Phillipsburgh until 1893. Named in honor of John Bissel, Fort Bissel was built in 1872 to protect against possible harm from Native Americans. It closed in 1878. The Fort was rebuilt in the city park in 1962. The first cemetery in the town, Close cemetery, was created on March 19, 1879 by the Fairview cemetery association. It was given to the city on June 4, 1889. A branch of the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway was created through Phillipsburg in 1887. Also in 1887 complete telephone systems were installed in the city. A fire almost destroyed the entire town square in 1906. The current courthouse was built in 1912. "Kansas' Biggest Rodeo" was first held in 1929. It happens every year on the last weekend in July or first weekend in August.

In 1939, Consumer's Cooperative Association opened the world's first cooperative oil refinery on the north edge of town. It closed in 1992.

Phillipsburg is at (39.755173, -99.322331). It is in northwestern Kansas on the western edge of the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. Phillipsburg is in the middle of Phillips County. It is about 20 miles south of the Nebraska border. The city is on the north side of Deer Creek, a tributary of the North Fork of the Solomon River. Plotner Creek, a tributary of Deer Creek, goes south along the western edge of the city. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Phillipsburg's climate is either a humid subtropical climate (Köppen "Cwa") or a humid continental climate (Köppen "Dwa"). Phillipsburg meets the criteria for a true winter dry season under the Köppen climate classification, which is a rare for its region and for the United States outside of South Florida. The average temperature for the year in Phillipsburg is 51 °F (11 °C), and the average yearly precipitation is 23.3 inches (594 mm). On average, January is the coldest month, July is the hottest month. May is the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Phillipsburg was 120 °F (49 °C) in 1936; the coldest temperature ever was -28 °F (-33 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,337 people, 1,040 households, and 601 families living in Phillipsburg. Of the households, 70.6% owned their home and 29.4% rented their home.

The median age was 43.0 years. Of the people, 93.5% were White, 0.6% were Black, 0.5% were Asian, 0.3% were Native American, 0.5% were from some other race, and 4.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,581 people, 1,116 households, and 702 families living in Phillipsburg.

Phillipsburg is has the USD 325.

The Phillipsburg Panthers have won the following Kansas State High School championships:



Norton, Kansas

Norton is a city in Norton County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Norton County. In 2020, 2,747 people lived there.

Norton was created in 1872. It was named after Capt. Orloff Norton.

The first hotel in Norton was a log house. It was built in 1873.

One of the first pictures of a tornado was taken in Norton in 1909. The photographer was Will Keller.

Norton is at (39.836219, -99.891596). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. The city is on the north side of Prairie Dog Creek in Norton County. Before the Bureau of Reclamation built Keith Sebelius Lake in 1963, Norton had a lot of floods. The dam has since fixed the problem, and it created the current reservoir that sits southwest of Norton. The Nebraska border is north of Norton.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,747 people, 1,213 households, and 692 families living in Norton. Of the households, 66.5% owned their home and 33.5% rented their home.

The median age was 42.0 years. Of the people, 90.2% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.7% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 1.1% were from some other race, and 6.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,928 people, 1,290 households, and 763 families living in Norton.



Ness City, Kansas

Ness City is a city in Ness County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Ness County. In 2020, 1,329 people lived there. Ness City is famous for its four-story Old Ness County Bank Building in downtown, and nicknamed "Skyscraper of the Plains".

Ness City was created in 1878. The town grew a lot when a railroad was built there in 1886.

Ness City is at (38.454055, -99.904656). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,329 people, 595 households, and 340 families living in Ness City. Of the households, 79.5% owned their home and 20.5% rented their home.

The median age was 48.8 years. Of the people, 86.1% were White, 0.6% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 8.2% were from some other race, and 5.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 14.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,449 people, 635 households, and 392 families living in Ness City.


Dighton, Kansas

Dighton is a city in Lane County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Lane County. In 2020, 960 people lived there. Dighton is named after Dick Dighton, a surveyor.

Dighton is at (38.48101, -100.466367). It is at the intersection of K-96 and K-23. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 960 people, 461 households, and 244 families living in Dighton. Of the households, 75.5% owned their home and 24.5% rented their home.

The median age was 48.5 years. Of the people, 88.4% were White, 0.4% were Native American, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 4.4% were from some other race, and 6.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 11.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,038 people, 506 households, and 282 families living in Dighton.

Dighton USD 482 Public Schools has two schools in Dighton. They are the Dighton Jr/Sr High School and the Dighton Elementary School.

The Lane County Library is in Dighton.


Troy, Kansas

Troy is a city in Doniphan County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Doniphan County. In 2020, 964 people lived there.

Troy was platted in 1855. It was named after the ancient city of Troy. The first house in Troy was built in 1856, and the first store opened in 1857. Troy was incorporated as a city in 1860. The first post office in Troy was created in March 1857.

Troy is at (39.788099, -95.090840). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Troy is part of the St. Joseph, MO–KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 964 people, 412 households, and 246 families living in Troy. Of the households, 66.7% owned their home and 33.3% rented their home.

The median age was 40.4 years. Of the people, 94.2% were White, 0.6% were Black, 0.3% were Asian, 0.2% were Native American, 0.6% were from some other race, and 4.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,010 people, 421 households, and 275 families living in Troy.



Westmoreland, Kansas

Westmoreland is a city in Pottawatomie County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Pottawatomie County. In 2020, 740 people lived there.

Westmoreland was platted in 1871. It was named after Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.

Westmoreland is at (39.39416, -96.41367). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Westmoreland is part of the Manhattan, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 740 people, 278 households, and 183 families living in Westmoreland. Of the households, 66.9% owned their home and 33.1% rented their home.

The median age was 37.5 years. Of the people, 92.7% were White, 1.1% were Black, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Asian, 1.5% were from some other race, and 4.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 778 people, 301 households, and 192 families living in Westmoreland.



Washington, Kansas

Washington is a city in, and the county seat of, Washington County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 1,071.

Washington was created in spring 1860. In 1860, it became the county seat. Until the end of the American Civil War, it was protected by two stockaded buildings, the Washington Company House and Woolbert's Stockade Hotel.

The first post office in Washington was created in November 1861.

Washington is at (39.816877, -97.052503). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,071 people, 479 households, and 267 families living in Washington. Of the households, 74.1% owned their home and 25.9% rented their home.

The median age was 42.4 years. Of the people, 90.8% were White, 0.6% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 2.1% were from some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,131 people, 512 households, and 311 families living in Washington.



Lose You to Love Me

"Lose You to Love Me" is a song performed by American singer-actress Selena Gomez. It was released on October 23, 2019, as the dual lead single (along with “Look at Her Now”) from her third solo album, "Rare". Gomez wrote the song with Justin Tranter, Julia Michaels, and its producer, Mattman & Robin. FINNEAS, known for producing his sister Billie Eilish's songs, produced this song as well.

In an interview with Radio.com, Gomez explained that the song was about rediscovering self-worth.

In its first week on the "Billboard" Hot 100, the song entered at number 15 but jumped to #1 the next week, giving Gomez her first US number-one hit.

WaKeeney, Kansas

WaKeeney is a city in Trego County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Trego County. In 2020 census, 1,799 people lived there.

In 1877, James Keeney, a land speculator in Chicago, bought land at the place of modern-day WaKeeney from the Kansas Pacific Railway. He, and business partner Albert Warren, created Warren, Keeney, & Co., surveyed and plotted the site in 1878. They created a colony there in 1879. They named the colony WaKeeney, a portmanteau of their last names. 

They said it was "The Queen City of the High Plains", advertising and holding celebrations to attract settlers. The colony grew quickly, but crop failures made settlers leave in 1880 as quickly as they had come. By 1882, all that was left were "five poorly patronized retail stores". Years later, Volga Germans began settling the area.

WaKeeney became the county seat in June 1879. It was incorporated as a city in 1880.

WaKeeney is at (39.023449, -99.881455) at an elevation of 2,447 feet (746 m). It is in northwestern Kansas at the intersection of Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 283. It is northwest of Wichita, east-southeast of Denver, and west of Kansas City.

WaKeeney is in the High Plains region of the Great Plains. It is about north of Big Creek, a tributary of the Smoky Hill River. A small tributary of Big Creek goes south from near the center of the city.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

WaKeeney has a humid continental climate (Köppen "Dfa"). It has hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters. The average temperature is 52.8 °F (11 °C), and the average yearly precipitation is 23.6 inches (600 mm). Snowfall averages 25.2 inches (640 mm) per year. On average, January is the coldest month, and July is both the hottest month and the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in WaKeeney was 110 °F (43 °C) in 1980; the coldest temperature ever was -25 °F (-32 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,799 people, 837 households, and 482 families living in the city. Of the households, 73.5% owned their home and 26.5% rented their home.

The median age was 47.4 years. Of the people, 93.6% were White, 0.6% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 0.1% were Native American, 0.4% were from some other race, and 5.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,862 people, 864 households, and 500 families residing in the city.

Interstate 70 and U.S. Route 40 run concurrently southeast-northwest just south of WaKeeney. They intersect U.S. Route 283, which goes north-south through WaKeeney. U.S. 283 goes east-west for one mile in downtown WaKeeney. It is concurrent with U.S. Route 40 Business and the old alignment of U.S. 40.

Trego WaKeeney Airport is on the west side of U.S. 283. It is just south of I-70. The airport is publicly owned. It has one concrete runway. It is used for general aviation.

Union Pacific Railroad has one freight railroad, the Kansas Pacific (KP) line, through WaKeeney. It goes east-west through the WaKeeney.

The "Western Kansas World" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week.

K231BG is a translator of radio station KJIL in Copeland, Kansas. It broadcasts from WaKeeney on 94.1 FM. It plays a Contemporary Christian format.

WaKeeney is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.



Hill City, Kansas

Hill City is a city in Graham County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Graham County. In 2020, 1,403 people lived there.

The first settlement at Hill City was made in 1876. This makes it the oldest town in Graham County. The community was named after W. R. Hill, a first settler. Hill City was platted in 1878. The first post office in Hill City was created in September 1878. Hill City was designated county seat in 1880. By 1915, Hill City had 647 people living there.

Hill City located at (39.367067, -99.846041). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

On June 26, 2012 the temperature reached 115 °F (46 °C), breaking the June record tied just 2 days earlier. It was the hottest city in the United States for four days in a row it had temperatures of 114°, 111°, 115°, and 115 °F (46°, 44°, 46°, and 46 °C).

On June 9, 2005 a large tornado passed 1 mile south of Hill City. A large tornado hit just north of the city on June 20, 2011.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,403 people, 625 households, and 359 families living in Hill City. Of the households, 68.3% owned their home and 31.7% rented their home.

The median age was 47.6 years. Of the people, 92.3% were White, 2.0% were Black, 0.9% were Asian, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.4% were from some other race, and 3.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,474 people, 669 households, and 404 families living in Hill City.

Hill City is served by USD 281 Graham County. The district high school is in Hill City. The Hill City High School mascot is Ringnecks.

The Hill City Ringnecks have won the following Kansas State High School championships:



Holton, Kansas

Holton is a city in Jackson County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Jackson County. In 2020, 3,401 people lived there.

In 1859, the abolitionist John Brown took a group of escaped slaves through Holton. This lead to an incident called the "Battle of the Spurs".

Holton is at (39.469861, -95.732555). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Holton has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says Holton has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Holton is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 3,401 people, 1,410 households, and 784 families living in Holton. Of the households, 58.4% owned their home and 41.6% rented their home.

The median age was 39.2 years. Of the people, 83.7% were White, 3.3% were Native American, 1.8% were Black, 0.6% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 2.7% were from some other race, and 7.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,329 people, 1,442 households, and 832 families living in Holton.



Hoxie, Kansas

Hoxie is a city in Sheridan County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Sheridan County. In 2020, 1,211 people lived there.

Hoxie was planned in early 1886. The town creators convinced the residents of Kenneth, a community three miles to the north and the current county seat, to move south (including their buildings) at their expense to the new site of Hoxie. The people of Kenneth knew a railroad would go through Hoxie and not Kenneth, so the offer sounded good. The towns agreed to consolidate and carry out that plan, making Hoxie the new county seat. It was named for H. M. Hoxie, a railroad official. The railroad (which became part of the Union Pacific Railroad) came in 1888.

The 99-mile Plainville-Colby line of the Union Pacific railroad was abandoned in 1998. It went through Hoxie.

Hoxie is at (39.355828, -100.439844). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Hoxie has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Hoxie has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,211 people, 504 households, and 300 families living in Hoxie. Of the households, 70.2% owned their home and 29.8% rented their home.

The median age was 40.4 years. Of the people, 90.4% were White, 0.6% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 2.0% were from some other race, and 6.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,201 people, 546 households, and 341 families living in Hoxie.

"The Sheridan Sentinel" is the local newspaper. It was published once per week. The name changed from "The Hoxie Sentinel" in 2016. "The Hoxie Sentinel" was created in 1884. It was called the "Weekly Sentinel". It was called "The Hoxie Sentinel" from 1886 to 2016.



Sápara

Sápara people, also Zápara people or Sáparos, are natives of the Amazon rainforest. They have lived around the border of Peru and Ecuador long before the Spanish colonization of the Americas. Their oral traditions and expressions were declared an Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO. Since 2009, the Sápara people are a Nation inside of the Republic of Ecuador.

About 480 Sáparos live in 400,000 hectares of Amazonian territory between the Conambo and Pinduyacu rivers, and between the rivers Curaray and Napo inside of the Yasuni National Park in Ecuador. There are also a hundred Sáparos living in two towns, Arabelas and Iquitos, near the river Tigre in Peru. Most of the Sápara territory is located within these coordinates: latitude: -2.2186; longitude: -76.5087. <mapframe latitude="-2.2186" longitude="-76.5087" zoom="10" width="400" height="300" align="right" />The Sápara people are the smallest native group in the Ecuadorian Amazon. The population has decreased from about 200,000 people in the 16 century to almost 500 in the second decade of the 21 century. They live in the Ecuadorian towns of Kuitza (Llanchamacocha), Aremano (Jandiayacu), Mazaraka (Mazaramu), Cuyacocha, and Akamaru. 

In Kichwa language, "Záparo" means a basket made of "bejuco", a tropical woody vine while in the Zaparo language, the word "Zápara" means person of the forest. The spelling of the Nation’s name has been changed to "Sápara" because the Z sound does not exist in the language of the Sáparas.

The Sáparas consider their lands, language and spirituality the three main aspects of their identity. 

Their dress is mainly a vest made out of a bark from the Llanchama tree and a feather headdress. 

Some Sáparas have married persons from other tribes such as the Kichwa, Shuar, and Achuar. However, the people still identify themselves as Sápara. Sáparas have become confused with their neighbors because the young people speak Kichwa and because of their low population. In fact, in the mid-1970s, the Zápara were declared extinct in Ecuador, while in Perú, they were unknown before 2001 although they appeared on the language map of the country. 

The Sápara people do not have a religion. Their mythology and stories develop from their environment. Dreams and the spiritual role of Amazonian animals are important for Sáparas when making decisions. 

During the 20 century, missionaries came to the rainforest to convert native people to Christianity. The Sáparas have refused these outside influences. Even when speaking Spanish, some leaders prefer not to use vocabulary related to western ideas, such as the word "devil". 

Zaparoan, or "Saparoan", is a family of languages. Within this group, there are five separate languages: Coronado, Omurano, Andoa, Gae and "Záparo". More than a dozen extinct tribes spoke the Zaparoan languages. The only Zaparoan languages and dialects alive in modern times are Iquitos, Sabela and Záparo. Iquitos is spoken by 500 people in Peru and the dialect Sabela is spoken by approximately 100 people in Ecuador. 

The Záparo language is spoken, in Ecuador, by 9 Sáparas, elders who are over 60 years"." Most of the Sápara people speak Kichwa, the largest native language in South America, as their mother tongue. In the 20 century, they also started to speak Spanish. 

Ecuador and Perú suggested including the language and cultural expressions of the Sápara people in the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity. The UNESCO Intergovernmental Committee made the declaration in November 2008. 

The Sápara people became the Zápara Nationality of Ecuador in 2003. In the beginning, the Sápara organization, NAZAE, represented the towns of Llanchamacocha, Jandiayacu, Mazaramu, and one family in Cuyacocha. Since 2005, the Nation includes the towns of Shiona, Pindoyacu, Balsaura and San José del Curaray. 

In 2009, the Sápara people were ofﬁcially recognized as the Sápara Nation or NASE by the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONFENIAE), and the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONAIE). Because of their distinction, the Sápara Nation became member of the executive board of the Development Council of Nationalities and Peoples of Ecuador, CODENPE. 

The Sápara population decreased because of diseases, forced migrations, and slavery. Diseases brought by rubber companies and religious missionaries reduced the Sápara people to one group. The people also were separated from each other when their land was divided in 1941 during the war between Ecuador and Peru. 

The Sápara Nation have asked for rights such as health and bilingual education, in addition to demanding the Government of Ecuador to help them to keep their language alive. The Sáparas are concerned about their right to own the land where they have lived for centuries and about protecting the environment from the actions of oil, timber and pharmaceutical companies. 

The Sáparas have been fishers, hunters, gatherers and farmers. During the 1940’s, the Sáparas started to move to cities for study and work. At the same time, Sápara men were drafted into the Army. They also left their communities to work for the Shell Oil Company and large plantations. Around 2007, men used to go to the Ecuadorian coast to work for construction companies. Meanwhile, women stayed in the villages taking care of the children, keeping the house and farming. As a result of such migration, most Sápara men have learned Spanish. 

Sápara people have two different education systems, the mainstream educational system and the Intercultural Bilingual Education System of the Governmental Education Division of Ecuador. While some Sáparas have moved to cities to attend Spanish-language high schools, others attend Kichwa-language schools located in their villages. 

Ron Fairly

Ronald Ray Fairly (July 12, 1938 – October 30, 2019) was an American Major League Baseball player and broadcaster. He was born in Macon, Georgia. He played for the Los Angeles Dodgers, Montreal Expos, St. Louis Cardinals, Oakland Athletics, Toronto Blue Jays and the California Angels. He broadcasted for the Seattle Mariners.

Fairly died on October 30, 2019 of cancer in Indian Wells, California at the age of 81.

Jim Gregory

James M. Gregory (November 4, 1935 – October 30, 2019) was a Canadian hockey league executive and general manager. He worked in the National Hockey League. He was born in Port Colborne, Ontario. He coached and manage the Toronto Marlboros, winning two championships. He then moved to the National Hockey League's (NHL) Toronto Maple Leafs, becoming their general manager. 

In 2007, Gregory was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame.

Gregory was diagnosed with amyloidosis in 2011. He died on October 30, 2019 at his home in Toronto from the disease at the age of 83.

Mobolaji Johnson

Mobolaji Olufunso Johnson (9 February 1936 – 30 October 2019) was a Nigerian Army Brigadier general and politician. He was military Governor of Lagos State from May 1967 to July 1975 during the military regime of General Yakubu Gowon. He was born in Lagos.

Johnson died of a long-illness at a hospital in Lagos on 30 October 2019 at the age of 83.

Azam Taleghani

Azam Taleghani (; 1943 – 30 October 2019) was an Iranian politician, activist and journalist. She was the head of the Society of Islamic Revolution Women of Iran. She was the editor of "Payam Hajar" Weekly, and a member of the Iranian parliament from 1980 through 1984. Taleghani was born in Tehran.

Taleghani was hospitalized in November 2018 after falling at her home in Tehran. She died of a cerebral hemorrhage caused by the fall on 30 October 2019 at the age of 76 in Tehran.

Geetanjali (actress)

Geetanjali (1947 – 31 October 2019) was an Indian actress. She acted in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi movies for many years. She was famous for her roles in "Illalu", "Sitarama Kalyanam", "Dr. Chakravarthy", "Murali Krishna", "Kaalam Marindi" and "Sambarala Rambabu". She was born in Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh.

Geetanjali died of cardiac arrest on 31 October 2019 in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh at the age of 72.

Eric Stevens

Eric James Stevens (born October 1, 1989) is an American football fullback. He played college football for the University of California, Berkeley. The St. Louis Rams signed him as an undrafted free agent in 2013. He works in Los Angeles as a firefighter. 

Stevens was diagnosed with ALS in August 2019.


Rolling Hills Estates, California

Rolling Hills Estates is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. The population was 8,280 at the 2020 census.

Anne Triola

Anne Triola (born September 25, 1920) is an American singer, musician, and actress. She is known for her roles in the musical movie "Lullaby Of Broadway" (1951) and "Without Reservations" (1946).

Triola was listed as being one of the most popular performers in the history of Music Circus of the 1950s. 

Khmer people

The Khmer people are 97% of the people of Cambodia. They speak the Khmer language and most follow the Khmer style of Buddhism. There are over 15 million Khmers in Cambodia, and over a million Khmers in both Vietnam and Thailand.

Ceropegia elegans

Ceropegia elegans is a plant species. It is endemic to India and Sri Lanka.

Kimbanguism

Kimbanguism is an African religion practiced by the "Church of Jesus Christ on Earth through his prophet" Simon Kimbangu. It has roots in Christianity and has its headquarters in N'kamba in the Democratic Republic of Congo.

In April 1921, during the Belgian colonization in Congo, Simon Kimbangu started preaching to people and using the powers that he believed he had received from God in visions to heal people. During his ministry, he attracted a large group of people. Under pressure from the Catholic Church, who was afraid of the popularity of the movement, the Belgian authorities tried to arrest Kimbangu on June 09, 1921. They failed in arresting him, and Kimbangu escaped. He continued his ministry in secret before turning himself in on September 12, 1921. He was sentenced to death, but the sentence was changed to life imprisonment. He died in prison in 1951.
During Kimbangu’s imprisonment, Kimbanguism was prohibited, but the followers continued to practice it. It grew through the leadership of Kimbangu’s wife, Muile Marie, and his son, Joseph Diangenda. After Kimbangu’s death, the movement was recognized as a religion by the Belgian authorities in 1959 and became a member of the World Council of Churches in 1969. The church was led by Kimbangu’s youngest son, Joseph Diangenda Kuntima, until his death in 2001. Since 2001, Kimbangu’s grandson, Simon Kimbangu Kiangani, has become the spiritual leader.

Simon Kimbangu is an inspirational figure and he is considered the Black Messiah by his followers.

Three dates are important in Kimbanguist beliefs: April 6 (the start of the ministry of healing), May 25 (Christmas), and October 12 (Kimbangu’s death anniversary). Kimbanguism has roots in Christianity and the Bible. However, it has developed its own beliefs.

The basic principles of the Kimbanguist church are Bolingo (Love in English), Mibeko (Laws in English), and Misala (Works in English). According to Kimbanguist beliefs, Simon Kimbangu is God the Holy Spirit. Charles Kisolokele, his first son, is God the Father. Salomon Dialungana, his second son, is believed to be Jesus Christ who has come back in our times. Joseph Diangenda, his third son, is the reincarnation of his Father, the Holy Spirit.

According to  Kimbanguist rules, polygamy, smoking, drugs, alcohol, eating pork, sleeping naked, and trading on Sundays are all forbidden. During the Sunday services, believers do not wear shoes in the church. Green and white are the colors used in Kimbanguism. Green represents hope and white represents integrity. The churches are painted in these colors, and the believers wear them almost every day. The Kimbanguist has its headquarters in N'kamba, the hometown of Simon Kimbangu, which is considered “the New Jerusalem.” 

Kimbanguism has expanded outside of the Congo. Some smaller communities are in other central African countries, as well as Belgium, France, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States.

The spiritual leader is the supreme authority of the church. He is followed by the elders, who are the highest level of the Kimbanguist clergy. National and regional representatives make the second level of the leadership of the church. Decisions are made by the elders during meetings of representatives from the congregations. The Kimbanguist Church has its headquarters in N'kamba, the hometown of Simon Kimbangu, which is considered “the New Jerusalem.” Baptism is required to become a member of the church.

Gary A. Lee

Gary Alcide Lee (August 18, 1933 – October 12, 2022) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from New York from 1979 through 1983. Lee was born in Buffalo, New York. 

He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1975 to 1978. After losing his re-election, he moved to Florida where he became Chairman of the Lee County Republican Party.

Lee died on October 12, 2022 in Fort Myers, Florida at the age of 89.

Ken Lucas

Kenneth Ray "Ken" Lucas (born August 22, 1933) is an American politician. Lucas, a Democrat, was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky's 4th congressional district from 1999 until 2005.

On February 2, 2009, he was appointed as Commissioner of the Kentucky Department of Veterans Affairs by Governor Steve Beshear.


Verdana

Verdana is a typeface. This typeface can also be used in Armenian, Latin, Greek, and Cyrillic.

Stanislav Shushkevich

Stanislav Stanislavovich Shushkevich (, Łacinka: Stanisłaŭ Stanisłavavič Šuškievič; ; December 15, 1934 – May 3, 2022) is a Belarusian politician.

From August 25, 1991 to January 26, 1994, he was the first head of state of independent Belarus after it seceded from the Soviet Union, he was Chairman of the Supreme Soviet.

Shushkevich died in Minsk, Belarus on 3 May 2022, at the age of 87 from problems caused by COVID-19.

Bernard Slade

Bernard Slade (May 2, 1930 – October 30, 2019) was a Canadian-American playwright and screenwriter. He was known for writing the play "Same Time, Next Year" and the television programs "The Flying Nun" and "The Partridge Family".

Slade died from Lewy body dementia-related problems at his home in Beverly Hills, California on October 30, 2019, at the age of 89.


Sam Bobrick

Sam Bobrick (July 24, 1932 – October 11, 2019) was an American author, playwright, television writer, and lyricist. He was born in Chicago. Bobrick was known for creating the television series "Saved by the Bell". He also worked on writing the screenplay for television shows like "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." and "The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour".

Bobrick died on October 11, 2019 of a stroke in Northridge, California, aged 87.


Gerry Ryan

Gerard Ryan (4 June 1956 – 30 April 2010) was an Irish radio and television presenter. He worked for Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). He presented "The Gerry Ryan Show" on radio station RTÉ 2fm each weekday morning from 1988 until his death. 

Ryan hosted several series of television shows, including "Secrets", "Gerry Ryan Tonight", "Ryantown", "Gerry Ryan's Hitlist", "Ryan Confidential" and the first three series of "Operation Transformation". 

Ryan was found dead in his Dublin home on 30 April 2010, aged 53. The cause of death was cardiac arrhythmia caused by cocaine usage.

Kent County, Michigan

Kent County is a county in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the county had a population of 657,974. Its county seat is Grand Rapids. 

Johnson City, Kansas

Johnson City is a city in Stanton County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Stanton County. In 2020, 1,464 people lived there.

Johnson City was created in 1885; it was first called Veteran because many of its creators were American Civil War veterans. It was renamed Johnson City in 1886, in honor of A. S. Johnson, a railroad worker.

Johnson City is at (37.569623, -101.752901). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Johnson City has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

 
The 2020 census says that there were 1,464 people, 531 households, and 366 families living in Johnson City. Of the households, 70.4% owned their home and 29.6% rented their home.

The median age was 34.4 years. Of the people, 50.5% were White, 2.2% were Native American, 0.3% were Black, 0.1% were Asian, 28.8% were from some other race, and 18.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 53.1% of the people.
The 2010 census says that there were 1,495 people, 533 households, and 381 families living in Johnson City.

Johnson has the USD 452 Stanton County. The Stanton County High School mascot is Stanton County Trojans.

Prior to school unification, Johnson High School also used the mascot Trojans.

In 2016, Stanton County Elementary School, which is in Johnson City, was given the Charlotte F. Lockhart Award for Excellence in Literacy Education.


Jetmore, Kansas

Jetmore is a city in Hodgeman County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Hodgeman County. In 2020, 770 people lived there.

Jetmore was first called Buckner. It was planned as Buckner in 1879. The name was changed to Jetmore in 1880 in honor of Col. Abraham Buckles Jetmore. Abraham Jetmore was lawyer from Topeka. He was important in being able to get a railroad line through the city. He also helped make Jetmore the county seat.

Jetmore is at (38.084137, -99.895999). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land. The Buckner Creek, a tributary of the Pawnee River, flows through Jetmore.

The surface rocks in this area include Greenhorn limestone and Graneros shale.

Jetmore has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Jetmore has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 770 people, 333 households, and 208 families living in the city. Of the households, 73.9% owned their home and 26.1% rented their home.

The median age was 44.1 years. Of the people, 89.9% were White, 1.6% were Black, 0.8% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.6% were from some other race, and 5.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 867 people, 366 households, and 232 families residing in the city.


Kinsley, Kansas

Kinsley is a city in Edwards County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Edwards County. In 2020, 1,456 people lived there.

Kinsley was first called Petersburg. In 1873, the city was planned out as Petersburg. It was later renamed Peter's City, and finally the name Kinsley was chosen to honor E. W. Kinsley. He was a capitalist from Boston.

The first post office in Kinsley was established under the name Peters in April, 1873. The post office was renamed Kinsley in January, 1874.

Kinsley is at (37.922377, -99.411407). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Kinsley is about east of Dodge City.

Kinsley has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Kinsley has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.


The 2020 census says that there were 1,456 people, 660 households, and 378 families living in Kinsley. Of the households, 72.3% owned their home and 27.7% rented their home.

The median age was 45.5 years. Of the people, 83.4% were White, 0.8% were Black, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Asian, 6.0% were from some other race, and 9.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 19.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,457 people, 654 households, and 384 families living in Kinsley.



Kingman, Kansas

Kingman is a city in Kingman County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Kingman County. In 2020, 3,105 people lived there.

Kingman was planned out in 1874. It was named for Samuel A. Kingman, chief justice of the supreme court.

Kingman is at (37.647712, -98.115993). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Kingman has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Kingman has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 3,105 people, 1,335 households, and 782 families living in Kingman. Of the households, 64.2% owned their home and 35.8% rented their home.

The median age was 43.7 years. Of the people, 90.9% were White, 1.0% were Asian, 0.6% were Native American, 0.6% were Black, 2.0% were from some other race, and 4.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,177 people, 1,346 households, and 810 families living in Kingman.

Bus service is provided daily east to Wichita, Kansas and west to Pueblo, Colorado by BeeLine Express (subcontractor of Greyhound Lines).



Burlington, Kansas

Burlington is a city in Coffey County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Coffey County. In 2020, 2,634 people lived there.

Burlington was created in 1857. It was named after Burlington, Vermont, the native home of one of its creators.

The first post office in Burlington was created in 1858. It was taken from the town of Hampden.

Burlington is at (38.193289, -95.745428). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Burlington has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Burlington has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,634 people, 1,136 households, and 648 families living in the city. Of the households, 64.9% owned their home and 35.1% rented their home.

The median age was 42.7 years. Of the people, 90.7% were White, 1.0% were Black, 0.9% were Asian, 0.5% were Native American, 0.8% were from some other race, and 6.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,674 people, 1,138 households, and 699 families residing in the city.



List of vice presidents of the United States by time in office

This is a list of vice presidents of the United States by time in office.


Brave (web browser)

Brave is a free web browser made by Brave Software, Inc. based on the Chromium web browser, which is the browser Google Chrome is also based on. The browser web blocks ads and website trackers. Brave has a Get paid to surf business model, where users get small amounts of a cryptocurrency called the Basic Attention Token for seeing ads inside the browser, which they can give to their favorite authors.

As of 2019, Brave has been created for Windows, macOS, Linux, Android, and iOS. It includes 5 search engines, including duckduckgo as the main.

Contiguous United States

The contiguous United States, or officially the conterminous United States, are the 48 U.S. states that touch one another plus the District of Columbia. 

This excludes the states of Alaska and Hawaii, and all island territories and U.S. possessions such as American Samoa, U.S. Virgin Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico.

Chromium (web browser)

Chromium is a free web browser developed by Google. It works on its own and makes up a large amount of the source code for the Google Chrome browser. The two browsers have always had some differences, such as the lack of DRM, and the ability for other people to make browsers based off of it, as meant by their names: chromium is the metal used to make chrome plating on cars.

Opera

Microsoft Edge

Yandex Browser 

Brave

Avast Secure Browser

Samsung Browser

Slimjet

Deaths in November 2019

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in November 2019. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.
































Enrico Braggiotti

Enrico Braggiotti (27 January 1923 – 30 October 2019) was a Turkish-Monegasque banker. He was President of the Banca Commerciale Italiana from 1988 through 1990.

Braggiotti died on 30 October 2019 at the age of 96.


Triumph the Insult Comic Dog

Triumph the Insult Comic Dog is a puppet character puppeteered and voiced by Robert Smigel, best known for mocking celebrities in an Eastern European accent. 

As his name means, Triumph's comedic style is almost exclusively insult comedy. Triumph often puffs a cigar, which usually falls out of his mouth when he starts talking. He debuted in 1997 on NBC's "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" and also appeared on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien". He now appears on "Conan", and Adult Swim's "The Jack and Triumph Show". 

Smigel and Triumph have been kicked out from several events for Triumph's antics, including Westminster (three times), the Honolulu line for auditions for "American Idol", and the 2004 Democratic National Convention (while shooting an aborted movie project).

Ebrahim Abadi

Ebrahim Abadi (, 15 August 1934 – 31 October 2019) was an Iranian actor. Abadi was known for his roles in "Mokhtarnameh", "On Tiptoes", "Dar Chashm-e Baad" and "Grand Cinema". He was born in Tabriz, Iran.

Abadi died on 31 October 2019 at a hospital in Tehran while in a coma after suffering a heart attack at the age of 85.

Lincoln Parish, Louisiana

Lincoln Parish (French: "Paroisse de Lincoln") is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 48,396. The parish seat and most populous municipality is Ruston. The parish was created on February 24, 1873.

Harmon, Louisiana

Harmon is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Kadri Gopalnath

Dr. Kadri Gopalnath (6 December 1949 – 11 October 2019) was an Indian alto saxophonist and composer. He was known for his works towards Carnatic music. He was born in Bantwal taluk, Dakshina Kannada, Karnataka. He composed the score for the 1994 movie "Duet".

Gopalnath has participated in the Jazz Festival in Prague, the Berlin Jazz Festival, the International Cervantino Festival in Mexico, the Music Hall Festival in Paris, the BBC Promenade concert in 1994 at London, and has toured all over the world.

Gopalnath died on 11 October 2019 due to cardiac arrest at the age of 69 at a private hospital in Mangalore.

Das alte Karussell

"Das alte Karussell" (, in English: "The old carousel") is a song by Swiss singer Lys Assia. George Betz-Stahl wrote it.The song was released as a single in 1956. It represented Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1956.

"Das alte Karussell" participated in a national final organized by Swiss broadcaster Télévision suisse romande (TSR) in 1956. The song placed second. For that reason, TSR sent it to represent Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956. They sent the winning song, "Refrains", too.

The song competed in the contest. It was held in the Teatro Kursaal in Lugano, Switzerland, on 24 May 1956. Lys Assia performed it. Fernando Paggi conducted the orchestra.

It was performed second, after the Netherlands's Jetty Paerl with "De vogels van Holland" and before Belgium's Fud Leclerc with "Messieurs les noyés de la Seine". The song position is not known because the voting results were not revealed.


Bhisadej Rajani

Bhisadej Rajani (; ; 20 January 1922 – 23 July 2022) was a Prince of Thailand. He was a member of the Thai royal family, and a member of the House of Rajani. He was one of the longest-living royal personages in the Thai history. 

He was a close-friend of King Bhumibol Adulyadej. He was an author and worked as the directory of the Royal Project Foundation for the king. He was also a descendant of Siamese Vice-King Pinklao.

Rajani died on 23 July 2022 in Bangkok, Thailand at the age of 100.


Siân Berry

Siân Rebecca Berry (born 9 July 1974) is a British politician.

On 4 September 2018, she became Co-Leader of the Green Party of England and Wales alongside Jonathan Bartley. She stepped down from the party's leadership in October 2021. From 2006 to 2007, she was one of the Green Party's Principal Speakers. 

She was the party's candidate in the 2008 London mayoral election, and again in the 2016 election, at which she came third. 

She is a member of the London Assembly and the only Green Party councillor on Camden Council, representing Highgate.

Olivia Williams

Olivia Haigh Williams (born 26 July 1968) is a British actress. She is known for her role as Jane Fairfax in the British television movie "Emma" (1996).

Williams had movie roles in "The Postman", followed by "Rushmore" (1998) and "The Sixth Sense" (1999). She then appeared in other British movies, including "Lucky Break" (2001), "The Heart of Me" (2002), "Peter Pan" (2003) and "An Education" (2009).

In 2010, she won acclaim for her role as Ruth Lang in Roman Polanski's "The Ghost Writer". Since 2017, she has played Emily Silk(s), on the television series "Counterpart".

Archie Atkinson

Archibald Maynard Atkinson (February 17, 1886 – August 4, 1968) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played with the Montreal Wanderers of the National Hockey Association in the 1912–13 season and 1913–14 season, appearing in a total of seven games.


Nyamuragira

Nyamuragira is a shield volcano in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The name means Herd of Cows. It is among the most active volcanoes in Africa. 

This is an active shield volcano found in the Virunga mountains in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), about 25 kilometers North of Lake Kivu in Nord-Kivu Province. It is one Africa’s active volcanoes which is believed to have erupted almost 40times since 1885. It is 13 kilometers North West of Nyiragongo and this volcano is believed to have caused extensive damage to Goma city during the 2002 eruption. Nyamuragira is 500 cubic kilometers and covers 1,500 square kilometers. Recent eruptions are believed to have happened in 2010, 2011 and 23 May 2021.  Large portions of sulfur dioxide released in the atmosphere by volcanoes are as a result of the Nyiragongo volcano.  The broad shield volcano is 3058meters high and about 2 kilometers wide and during volcanic eruptions, a lava lake is contained within the calderas.

It is believed that on 6 November 2011, an eruption started from a series of aligned fissures about 10 kilometers East of the summit caldera and this started with intense ground fracturing and tall lava fountains from several vents that started to build the Western cone complex Kimanura. Mount Nyamuragira or Nyamulagira derives its name from the Rwandan verb ‘Kuragika inka’ meaning herd of cows and Inka meaning cows.  Mount Nyamuragira is visited by most tourists because of its strategic location with the volcanic craters on the top. Also due to the presence of tree species that grow on the fertile soils in the surroundings. This is also a true birding destination for different bird species that nest in the neighboring trees.

Leigh Verstraete

Leigh Verstraete (born January 6, 1962) is a former professional ice hockey player who played eight games in the National Hockey League. He played with the Toronto Maple Leafs.

Harvie Pocza

Harvie Dwight Pocza (born September 22, 1959) is a Canadian retired ice hockey player who briefly played in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals. Pocza was drafted 67th overall by the Capitals in the 1979 NHL Entry Draft.

Glen Irwin

Glen Irwin (born March 1, 1951) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played in 233 WHA games with the Houston Aeros and Indianapolis Racers over five seasons.

Kevin Krook

Kevin Bradley Krook (born April 5, 1958) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played three games in the National Hockey League with the Colorado Rockies in the 1978–79 season.

Luke Curtin

Luke Curtin (born September 23, 1977) is a retired American professional ice hockey player. He was selected by the Colorado Avalanche in the 4th round (134th overall) of the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. Curtin predominately played in the ECHL and in November 2010, he was named to the 12-man ECHL All-Decade Team, which honored the best ECHL players from 2000–01 through the 2009–10 ECHL season. In 2011 Curtin was inducted into the ECHL Hall of Fame.

Treaty of Vienna

Treaty of Vienna is ambiguous. Its use should always be specific, so the reader can be sure which treaty is referred to. It may refer to:


Belleville, Kansas

Belleville is a city in Republic County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Republic County. In 2020, 2,007 people lived there.

Belleville was created in 1869. It incorporated as a city in 1878. It was named for Arabelle Tutton, the wife of a member of the town company.

The first post office in Belleville was created in February 1870.

Belleville is at (39.824337, -97.633855). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,007 people, 919 households, and 490 families living in Belleville. Of the households, 68.9% owned their home and 31.1% rented their home.

The median age was 46.8 years. Of the people, 93.7% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.5% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 0.3% were from some other race, and 4.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,991 people, 949 households, and 533 families living in Belleville.

"The Belleville Telescope" is the local newspaper. It was created in 1870. It has been publishing regularly since 1873.



Beloit, Kansas

Beloit is a city in Mitchell County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Mitchell County. In 2020, 3,404 people lived there.

On permanent organization of the county in 1870, Beloit was chosen to be the county seat of Mitchell County, Kansas. It is northeast of the center of the county on the Solomon River. Beloit was first settled by A.A. Bell in 1868. he wanted to water power better. The town was called Willow Springs for some time. Beloit is named after Beloit, Wisconsin, the hometown of an early resident. Beloit sits at the junction of the Union Pacific and the Missouri Pacific Railroads.

Beloit was platted March 26, 1872. The town grew very quickly. In July 1872, was incorporated as a thrid class city. On March 10, 1879, Gov. John P. St. John said Beloit is a second class city.

Beloit had the Beloit Juvenile Correctional Facility of the Kansas Juvenile Justice Authority.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Beloit has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Beloit has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 3,404 people, 1,471 households, and 855 families living in Beloit. Of the households, 68.7% owned their home and 31.3% rented their home.

The median age was 44.6 years. Of the people, 94.4% were White, 0.4% were Black, 0.3% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 0.9% were from some other race, and 3.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,835 people, 1,647 households, and 964 families living in Beloit.



Tartegnin

Tartegnin is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Alma, Kansas

Alma is a city in Wabaunsee County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Wabaunsee County. In 2020, 802 people lived there.

The first house in Alma was built in 1867.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Topeka through Alma to Herington. The Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway closed in 1891. It was taken over by Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, which shut down in 1980. This railroad of the former Rock Island Railroad was sold to the Southern Pacific Railroad. The Southern Pacific Railroad later merged into the Union Pacific. Union Pacific operates and owns the railroad today. Most locals still call this railroad the "Rock Island".

The city was named after either the city of Alma, Germany, or for a stream in Ukraine.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Alma is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 802 people, 324 households, and 199 families living in Alma. Of the households, 79.0% owned their home and 21.0% rented their home.

The median age was 42.4 years. Of the people, 90.6% were White, 0.5% were Asian, 0.2% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.7% were some other race, and 7.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 832 people, 342 households, and 212 families living in Alma.


Trélex

Trélex is a municipality in Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Anthony, Kansas

Anthony is a city in Harper County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Harper County. In 2020, 2,108 people lived there.

The Anthony townsite was planned out in 1878. The city was named after the 7th governor of Kansas, George T. Anthony. He was governor at the time. After Harper County was reorganized in 1878, Anthony became the temporary county seat. This is because Bluff City, which was county seat of the fraudulent county organization, did not exist at the time. In 1879, a county seat election was held, and Anthony won over Harper City even though 2,960 ballots were cast with 800 legal voters in the county.

Anthony is at (37.153902, -98.029396). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Anthony has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Anthony has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,108 people, 922 households, and 538 families living in Anthony. Of the households, 65.7% owned their home and 34.3% rented their home.

The median age was 41.7 years. Of the people, 90.3% were White, 2.1% were Native American, 0.6% were Black, 0.4% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.9% were some other race, and 5.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.2% of the people

The 2010 census says that there were 2,269 people, 977 households, and 631 families living in the city.

Anthony is served by USD 361 Anthony-Harper.



Ashland, Kansas

Ashland is the biggest city in Clark County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Clark County. In 2020, 783 people lived there.

Ashland is along what was once a military road. That road went from Fort Dodge (now Dodge City, Kansas) to the north and Fort Supply in the Indian Territory to the south. In 1870, during the Comanche Campaign against the Native Americans, the Army built two redoubts along the Dodge/Supply trail near the current place of Ashland: the Bear Creek Redoubt, five miles to the north, and the Cimarron Redoubt, nine miles to the south.

Anthony was created in 1884. It was named after the city of Ashland, Kentucky. The first post office in Ashland was created in 1885.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 783 people, 357 households, and 204 families living in Ashland. Of the households, 74.5% owned their home and 25.5% rented their home.

The median age was 42.9 years. Of the people, 84.5% were White, 1.1% were Asian, 0.9% were Native American, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 6.8% were from some other race, and 6.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.8% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 867 people, 381 households, and 239 families living in Ashland.

Ashland is served by USD 220 school district.



Belmont-sur-Lausanne

Belmont-sur-Lausanne is a municipality in the Lavaux-Oron district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

It is a eastern suburb of the city of Lausanne.


Bussigny-sur-Oron

Bussigny-sur-Oron was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities of Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality of Oron.

Châtillens

Châtillens was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities of Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality of Oron.

Sedgwick County

Sedgwick County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Schuyler, Nebraska

Schuyler is a city in Colfax County, Nebraska, United States. As of the 2020 census, 6,547 people lived there. It is the county seat of Colfax County. The city and the county are named after Schuyler Colfax, former Vice President of the United States of America.

Schuyler is at (41.448916, −97.060195).

According to the United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

As of the 2010 census says that there were 6,211 people, 1,828 households, and 1,356 families living in Schuyler.


Webster County, Mississippi

Webster County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 9,926 people lived there. Its county seat is Walthall.

Beatrice, Nebraska

Beatrice is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Gage County.

Dakota City, Nebraska

Dakota City is a city in Dakota County, Nebraska, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,081 people lived there. It is the county seat of Dakota County.

Dakota City was platted in 1856. It was named for the Dakota people. Dakota City was incorporated as a city in 1858.

Dakota City is at (42.415294, -96.417808).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Dakota City is part of the Sioux City, IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.

As of the 2010 census, there were 1,919 people, 637 households, and 464 families living in Dakota City.


Atwood, Kansas

Atwood is a city in Rawlins County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Rawlins County. In 2020, 1,290 people lived there.

In 1875, T.A. Andrews and J.M. Matheny went to Rawlins County. They started a town site about two miles east of the current city. The city of Attwood (with two t's) was named after Attwood Matheny. He was the 14-year-old son who went with his father on the trip. In 1882, the U.S. Post Office requested permission to drop one "t" thus becoming Atwood. In 1881, Atwood became the county seat of Rawlins County.

Atwood is at (39.8099, -101.041893). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Atwood has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.



The 2020 census says that there were 1,290 people, 557 households, and 324 families living in Atwood. Of the households, 68.4% owned their home and 31.6% rented their home.

The median age was 42.4 years. Of the people, 87.2% were White, 1.0% were Black, 0.3% were Asian, 0.2% were Native American, 3.6% were from some other race, and 7.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,194 people, 568 households, and 299 families living in Atwood.

Katie Uhlaender (born July 17, 1984) is an American skeleton racer who has competed since 2003. She won four medals at the FIBT World Championships with one silver (women's skeleton: 2008) and three bronzes (women's skeleton: 2007, mixed bobsleigh-skeleton team event: 2008, 2009).


Cimarron, Kansas

Cimarron is a city in Gray County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Gray County. In 2020 census, 1,981 people lived there.

Cimarron was first settled in 1878. It took its name from a fork in the Chisholm Trail. The fork led people to the Cimarron River.

Between 1887 and 1893, a county seat war happened in Gray County. It involved several famous Old West figures, such as Bat Masterson, Bill Tilghman, and Ben Daniels. Because of the dispute, Cimarron became the permanent county seat of Gray County.

In the early morning of June 10, 1893, Bill Doolin and four members of his gang robbed a train one-half mile east of Cimarron.

In 2016, the Southwest Chief owned by Amtrak derailed. Amtrak and BNSF filed a lawsuit against one of the companies in Cimarron for using a road vehicle to damage the rails.

Cimarron is at (37.808332, −100.347413). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Cimarron has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,981 people, 745 households, and 526 families living in Cimarron. Of the households, 71.5% owned their home and 28.5% rented their home.

The median age was 37.1 years. Of the people, 80.3% were White, 0.7% were Native American, 0.6% were Black, 0.4% were Asian, 7.6% were from some other race, and 10.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 20.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,184 people, 789 households, and 569 families living in Cimarron.




Coldwater, Kansas

Coldwater is a city in Comanche County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Comanche County. In 2020 census, 687 people lived there.

In 1884 G.W. Vickers, thought of planning out a town in the northern part of Comanche county. He did this with Timothy Shields, J.P. Grove, Samuel Sisson, C.M. Cade and C.D. Bickford. All of them were from Harper county. They got some land, had it platted off as a town site, and they named it after the city of Coldwater, Michigan. Early in 1885, the county had the necessary number of people. They asked the governor organize the county. On February 27, 1885, it was organized. Owen Connaughton, George M. Morris, and David T. Mclntire became county commissioners, and R.A. Grossman became the county clerk. Coldwater became the county seat.

The first post office in Coldwater was created on October 17, 1884.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Coldwater has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Coldwater has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 687 people, 345 households, and 176 families living in Coldwater. Of the households, 76.8% owned their home and 23.2% rented their home.

The median age was 45.4 years. Of the people, 91.8% were White, 0.6% were Black, 0.1% were Native American, 1.3% were from some other race, and 6.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 828 people, 380 households, and 217 families living in Coldwater.

Coldwater is served by the South Central USD 300. South Central High School is located in Coldwater.



Sedinam Moyowasifza-Curry

Sedinam Kinamo Christin Moyowasifza Curry (alternately stylized as Sedinam Kinamo Christin Moyowasifza-Curry or SKCM Curry) is an American activist, politician, and presidential candidate for the Green Party.

In 2008, Curry actively sought the Green Party's vice presidential nomination. She did not secure this nomination, and instead serving as a manager for the presidential campaign of Cynthia McKinney.

Curry's first attempt at running for the presidency was during the 2016 United States presidential election. She filed with the Federal Election Committee on December 31, 2015. She lost the nomination to Jill Stein.

Curry is currently running for the 2020 presidential nomination of the party.

Darcy Richardson

Darcy G. Richardson (born December 6, 1955) is an American author, historian and political activist. He was a candidate for the Peace and Freedom Party's presidential nomination in the 2020 elections.

In the 2012 presidential election, Richardson ran against incumbent Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination for president of the United States in five state primaries.

On June 22, 2018, Richardson became the Reform Party of Florida's nominee for governor, later choosing Nancy Argenziano as his running mate.

On July 15, 2019, Richardson filed with the FEC to run for the Reform Party Nomination in 2020. He suspended his campaign in September 2019. He later became the Vice Presidential nominee for the Alliance Party ticket alongside Rocky De La Fuente.

Leonard Peltier

Leonard Peltier (born September 12, 1944) is a Native American activist. He is a member of the Turtle Mountain Chippewa, who is also of Lakota and Dakota descent. He is a member of the American Indian Movement (AIM). 

In 1977, he was convicted and sentenced to two consecutive terms of life imprisonment for first-degree murder in the shooting of two Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agents during a 1975 shootout on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.

Peltier is incarcerated at the United States Penitentiary, Coleman in Florida. Peltier became eligible for parole in 1993; his next scheduled parole hearing will be in July 2024, when Peltier will be 79. 

On January 18, 2017, the Office of the Pardon Attorney announced that President Barack Obama had denied Peltier's application for clemency. Peltier was next eligible for commutation in 2018. Peltier will remain in prison for the rest of his life.

He was running for Vice President in the 2020 election as the running mate of Gloria La Riva with the Party for Socialism and Liberation. He withdrew his Vice Presidential nomination in August 2020 because of health reasons.

David Greaves

David Greaves (1 September 1946 – 5 October 2019) was an English former professional snooker player. He was born in Saint Annes on Sea, Lancashire. 

Greaves turned professional in 1972, at the age of 25, playing his first match against Bernard Bennett in the 1973 World Snooker Championship. After being behind 1–5 and 2–7, Greaves defeated Bennett 9–8. He then faced Fred Davis in the last 16 and lost the first ten frames, eventually loosing 1–16 to the three-time champion.

Greaves died in Blackpool at a hospital after a short illness on 5 October 2019 aged 73.

Francis A. Sullivan

Francis Anthony Sullivan, S.J. (May 21, 1922 – October 23, 2019) was an American Catholic theologian and a Jesuit priest. He was best known for his research in the area of ecclesiology and the magisterium. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Sullivan died on October 23, 2019 at a hospital in Weston, Connecticut at the age of 97.

Ann Crumb

Ann Crumb (May 25, 1950 – October 31, 2019) was an American actress, animal rights activist and jazz singer. She was born in Charleston, West Virginia. Crumb was nominated for a Tony Award for her role in the 1992 Broadway production of "Anna Karenina".

Her father was Pulitzer Prize winning composer George Crumb. Crumb founded an animal organization for rescued animals.

Crumb died on October 31, 2019 at her parents home in Media, Pennsylvania from ovarian cancer, aged 69.

Media, Pennsylvania

Media is a borough in and the county seat of Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is about west of Philadelphia. The population was 5,901 at the 2020 census.

George Crumb

George Henry Crumb Jr. (October 24, 1929 – February 6, 2022) was an American composer. His works were modern classical and avant-garde music. He is known for creating unusual timbres, alternative forms of notation, and extended instrumental and vocal techniques.

Crumb’s most famous works include "Ancient Voices of Children" (1970), "Black Angels" (1971), and "Makrokosmos III" (1974).

Crumb won the 1968 Pulitzer Prize for Music for his orchestral work "Echoes of Time and the River" and a 2000 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Composition for his work "Star-Child" .

Crumb was born in Charleston, West Virginia. He studied at the University of Charleston, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and at the University of Michigan. He had one son, composer David and had one daughter actress Ann Crumb (who died in October 2019). Crumb died on February 6, 2022 in Media, Pennsylvania at the age of 92.


Delaware County, Pennsylvania

Delaware County, also nicknamed Delco, is a county located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania that borders Philadelphia. With a population of 576,830 in 2020, it is the fifth most populous county in Pennsylvania. The county was created on September 26, 1789 and was named after the Delaware River. The county seat is Media.

Gilbert Kalish

Gilbert Kalish (born July 2, 1935) is an American pianist and educator. He was born in New York City. During his career, Kalish was nominated for three Grammy Awards. 

He made the world premiere recordings of Charles Ives' "Largo for Violin and Piano", "In Re Con Moto et al.", "Largo Risoluto" No. 1 & 2, "A Set of Three Short Pieces" (movements: Largo cantabile: Hymn, Scherzo: Holding Your Own, Adagio cantabile: The Innate) and songs "The All-Enduring", "The Innate", and "Song (She is not fair)".

Kalish is Leading Professor and Head of Performance Activities at the State University of New York at Stony Brook. From 1968 to 1997 he was a faculty member of the Tanglewood Music Center.

Aristides Gomes

Aristides Gomes (born 8 November 1954) was the Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau, from April 2018 until February 2020. He was previously Prime Minister before from 2 November 2005 to 13 April 2007.

List of prime ministers of Guinea-Bissau

The following is a list of prime ministers of Guinea-Bissau, since the establishment of the office of Prime Minister in 1973.


João Bernardo Vieira

João Bernardo "Nino" Vieira (, 27 April 1939 – 2 March 2009) was the President of Guinea-Bissau from 1980 to 1984, for the second time from 1984 to 1999, and for the third time from 2005 to 2009. 

Vieira was killed by soldiers on 2 March 2009. The military officially denied these allegations 

Carlos Correia

Carlos Correia (6 November 1933 – 14 August 2021) was a Guinea-Bissau politician. He was Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau from 17 September 2015 to 12 May 2016. Before, he was Prime Minister from 27 December 1991 to 26 October 1994, from 6 June 1997 to 3 December 1998, and from 5 August 2008 to 25 December 2008.

Correia died on 14 August 2021 at the age of 87.

Buranovskiye Babushki

Buranovskiye Babushki (, ; , "Brangurtyś pesänajos"; meaning "Buranovo Grannies") is a Russian ethno-pop band made up of eight elderly women from the village of Buranovo, Udmurtia. 

Buranovskiye Babushki represented Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan, where they finished second.

Howard Storm (author)

Howard Storm (born October 26, 1946) is an American Christian minister, writer, and painter. He is a former professor and chairman of the art department at Northern Kentucky University. 

In 2000, he authored "My Descent Into Death", which talks about his near-death experience. Storm's near-death experience has been talked about in literature on near-death studies. 

Storm has retold his story on NBC's "Today Show", "The Oprah Winfrey Show", "48 Hours", "Discovery Channel" and "Coast to Coast AM".


Rina Lazo

Rina Lazo Wasem (October 23, 1923 – November 1, 2019) was a Guatemalan-Mexican painter. Lazo was born Guatemala City.

She began her career in mural painting with Diego Rivera as his assistant. She worked with him from 1947 until his death in 1957. Lazo was known for her mural works than canvases although the latter have been exhibited in Mexico and other countries making her one of Guatemala's better known artists. She was a member of the Mexican muralism movement.

Lazo died on November 1, 2019 in Mexico City of cardiac arrest at the age of 96. She was married to artist Arturo García Bustos.

Ken Blaiklock

Kenneth Victor Blaiklock OBE (6 December 1927 – 20 September 2020) was a British Antarctic surveyor. He took part in Sir Vivian Fuchs's Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition that completed the first overland crossing of Antarctica. He reached the South Pole by dog sled for the first time since Amundsen. He has been awarded the Polar Medal with three bars. 

His daughter is British politician, Catherine Blaiklock.

Blaiklock died on 20 September 2020, aged 92.

B. V. Doshi

Balkrishna Vithaldas Doshi (26 August 1927 – 24 January 2023) was an Indian architect. His best known designs are IIM Bangalore, IIM Udaipur, NIFT Delhi, Amdavad ni Gufa, CEPT University, and the Aranya Low Cost Housing development in Indore. 

In 2018, he became the first Indian architect to receive the Pritzker Prize. He was also awarded the Padma Shri.

Doshi died in Ahmedabad, Gujarat on 24 January 2023, at the age of 95.

Peter Zumthor

Peter Zumthor (; born 26 April 1943) is a Swiss architect. He won the 2009 Pritzker Prize. 

Richard Rogers

Richard George Rogers, Baron Rogers of Riverside (23 July 1933 – 18 December 2021) was an Italian-British architect. He was known for his modernist and functionalist designs in high-tech architecture. Rogers was born in Florence, Italy. In 2007, Rogers won the Pritzker Prize.

Rogers died on 18 December 2021 in London at the age of 88.


Paulo Mendes da Rocha

Paulo Mendes da Rocha (October 25, 1928 – May 23, 2021) was a Brazilian architect. He was known for his cultural buildings to São Paulo and was widely thanked for reshaping the city.

Mendes da Rocha was Professor at the Architecture College of University of São Paulo, known as FAU-USP, until 1998. 

He was honored with the Mies van der Rohe Prize (2000), the Pritzker Prize (2006) and the Venice Biennale Golden Lion for lifetime achievement (2016).

Mendes da Rocha died of lung cancer at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil on May 23, 2021 at the age of 92.


Glenn Murcutt

Glenn Marcus Murcutt AO (born 25 July 1936) is a British-born Australian architect. He won the 1992 Alvar Aalto Medal, the 2002 Pritzker Architecture Prize and the 2009 American Institute of Architects Gold Medal. He is the only Australian to win the Pritzker Prize. He is thought to be Australia's most famous architect.


Rafael Moneo

José Rafael Moneo Vallés (born 9 May 1937) is a Spanish architect. He won the Pritzker Prize for architecture in 1996 and the RIBA Royal Gold Medal in 2003.


Álvaro Siza Vieira

Álvaro Joaquim de Melo Siza Vieira, (born 25 June 1933), is a Portuguese architect, and architectural educator. He is internationally known as Álvaro Siza () and in Portugal as Siza Vieira (). In 1992, he won the Pritzker Architecture Prize.

Luis Barragán

Luis Ramiro Barragán Morfín (March 9, 1902 – November 22, 1988) was a Mexican architect and engineer. His work were inspired by contemporary architects visually and conceptually. Barragán's buildings are visited by international students and professors of architecture.

Barragán won the Pritzker Prize, the highest award in architecture, in 1980. His personal home, the Luis Barragán House and Studio, was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2004.

Barragán died on November 22, 1988, in Mexico City of Parkinson's disease at the age of 86.


Chou Wen-chung

Chou Wen-chung (; July 28, 1923 – October 25, 2019) was a Chinese American composer of contemporary classical music. He was seen as one of the first Chinese composers who tried to translate authentic oriental melo-rhythms into the terms of modern Western music.

Chou died in New York City on October 25, 2019 at the age of 96.


Akron, New York

Akron is a village in Erie County, New York, United States. The population was 2,888 at the 2020 census.

Akron is located at (43.019309, -78.494644). The village is northeast of Buffalo.

Oncilla

The oncilla ("Leopardus tigrinus"), also known as the northern tiger cat, little spotted cat, and tigrillo, is a small spotted cat. Its range from Central America to central Brazil. Over this huge territory there are differences which some think should be subspecies.

It is listed as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List because the population is threatened by deforestation and conversion of habitat to agricultural land.

Pallas's cat

Pallas's cat ("Otocolobus manul") is also called the manul. It is a small wild cat with a very wide distribution in the grasslands and montane steppes of Central Asia.

It is affected by its habitat getting smaller by being destroyed, with fewer prey, and is also hunted by poachers. It is classified as Near Threatened on the IUCN Red List.

Pallas's cat was first described in 1776 by the German naturalist Peter Simon Pallas.

Rusty-spotted cat

The rusty-spotted cat ("Prionailurus rubiginosus") is one of the cat family's smallest members. Historical records are known only from India and Sri Lanka. In 2012, it was also recorded in the western Terai of Nepal.

Since 2016, the global wild population is listed as Near Threatened on the IUCN Red List. It is fragmented and affected by the loss and destruction of its prime habitat, deciduous forest.

Joshua King (footballer)

Joshua Christian Kojo King (born 15 January 1992) is a Norwegian football player who plays for Everton.

Rabindra Mishra

Rabindra Mishra is the ex editor in chief of BBC News Nepali, founder of Help Nepal Network and president of Sajha Party.

Kiosk

In English speaking countries, a kiosk is a small booth offering goods and services. For example, it might sell packaged food, drinks, cigarettes and newspapers. They can still be seen on some train stations.

In Paris the old kiosks which sold newspapers, cigarettes and tickets are being replaced. The replacements are said to be more functional but less charming.

In oriental countries like Persia or Turkey, a kiosk is larger and grander than in other countries. It is a self-standing building.

Sachsenhausen concentration camp

Sachsenhausen concentration camp (officially called Konzentrationslager Sachsenhausen, or KZ Sachsenhausen) was a Nazi concentration camp that existed from 1936 to 1945. It was located near Oranienburg, just north of Berlin. Even though it was located in Oranienburg, it is different from Oranienburg concentration camp. 

Between 1936 and 1945, over 200.000 people were detained at KZ Sachsenhausen. Medical experiments were carried out in KZ Sachsenhausen to test the effectiveness of drugs. People from Sachsenhausen were also forced to help produce goods used for war (such as weapons, or ammunition).

Oranienburg concentration camp

Oranienburg concentration camp was a Nazi concentration camp located near the city center of Oranienburg, north of Berlin. The camp is one of the earliest concentration camps, and existed from 1933 to 1934. About 3.000 people were held there. Eight people who died there are known by name. Please note, the camp is ont identical with KZ Sachsenhausen (also in Oranienburg, existed 1936-45)

Oranienburg

Oranienburg (Slavic languages: "Bóźow") is a town in Germany, with about 45.000 people. It is located a few kilometers north of Berlin. It was originally settled by Slavic people, and was probably called Bochzowe. Germanic settlers arrived in the 12th century, and kept the original name. Because of the strategic location, a castle was built in the 13th century. The first known reference occurred in 1216, as "Bothzowe". City rights were awarded in 1232. The name Bothzowe, lives on in Bötzow. In 1483, the castle lost its importance, and Joachim II Hector, Elector of Brandenburg built a new residence there, he used for hunting. During the thirty years war, Bötzow was pillaged, and burnt down.

Al Hunter Ashton

Al Hunter Ashton (26 June 1947 – 27 April 2007), born Alan Hunter, was an English actor and script writer.

Hunter was born in Birmingham, Warwickshire. He came from a working-class background. He was named Alan Hunter at birth. He later changed his name by deed poll to Al Hunter. He wrote scripts for his own amusement from the age of 15. In his spare time he worked for £15 a night as a stand-up comedian in clubs. On discovering that he could earn the same amount for shedding his clothes every evening, he became a stripper. "My stripping routine was actually funnier than my stand-up one," he said.

He wrote under the name "Al Hunter" but needed to change his name for acting as there was already an "Al Hunter" actor. He choose "Al Ashton" to ensure he appeared high up in any alphabetical credits. Later he combined the two, acting and writing under the name "Al Hunter Ashton". He also wrote under the alias "Alun Nipper".

His first professional acting work was with a "Theatre in Education" company in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire. He was then cast in Willy Russell plays; "Breezeblock Park" (at the Liverpool Playhouse) and "Blood Brothers" (at the Derby Playhouse). In 1985, Russell commissioned him to write the BBC Schools television play "Teaching Matthew". This is a satire on Russell's own "Educating Rita". Hunter often wrote himself parts in the scripts he produced. In "Teaching Mathew" he had a small role as a policeman.

Hunter worked very closely with the Stage 22 School of Arts Network in the UK. Following his death, children from the school made their own version of the Queen hit "Only the Good Die Young" which was dedicated to him and his three young children.



On 27 April 2007 Al Hunter Ashton died of heart failure in his home in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. Episode eight of series five of the New Tricks TV series, titled "Mad Dogs", was dedicated to his memory.



Brian Warboys

Brian Warboys (born 30 April 1942), retired in September 2007. He was Professor of Software Engineering at the University of Manchester from 1985 until he retired. He was subsequently appointed as Professor Emeritus and continues to undertake research. Before joining the university he had worked for ICL. At the time the UK's largest computer manufacturer. During the 1970s he had been the chief designer of ICL's VME operating system. He is also the author of several non-fiction books.

Warboys worked for ICL from 1963 to 1985. During the 1970s, he was Chief Designer of VME.
VME/B was an advanced operating system and was logical and straightforward to use. Amongst IT professionals it was deemed superior to IBM equivalents.

Warboys was Professor of Software Engineering. He researched the development of techniques which enable dynamic evolution. This is the ability to change s/w whilst it is executing. It applied to the design of very large systems. In 1991, he became the founder and principal of the Informatics Process Group (IPG) in the School of Computer Science. IPG was established to advance the application of Process Modelling. Between 1997 and 2002 he led the EPSRC funded Compliant Systems Architecture (CSA) projects.
Within Europe he has headed the Manchester operating system team on the ESPRIT-funded EDS project. He also led the IPG's involvement in the ESPRIT Basic Research Activity PROMOTER on software process modelling and technology.
In 2001 he led the IPG's involvement in the Framework IV Basic Research Action PIE, process instance evolution. He later led the Archware project. in which he was also joint technical coordinator.

He was appointed the first ICL Fellow in 1984.

Chesalles-sur-Oron

Chesalles-sur-Oron was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the former municipalities of Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become a new municipality called Oron.

Oron, Vaud

Oron is a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It was created on 1 January 2012, when the former municipalities of Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality. On 1 January 2022, Essertes became a part of Oron.


Epesses

Epesses was a municipality in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It is in the district of Lavaux-Oron on Lake Geneva ("Lac Léman"). On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Cully, Epesses, Grandvaux, Riex and Villette (Lavaux) joined together to become the new municipality called Bourg-en-Lavaux.

Co-operative Commonwealth Federation

The Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) (, from 1955 the "") was a political party in Canada. It was a social-democratic and democratic-socialist party. Multiple groups helped form the CCF in 1932, in Calgary, Alberta. In 1961, it was succeeded by the New Democratic Party.

Mézières, Vaud

Mézières was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2016, the former municipalities of Carrouge, Ferlens and Mézières joined together to become a new municipality called Jorat-Mézières.


Laverne, Oklahoma

Laverne is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Bibsys

BIBSYS is an administrative agency run by the Ministry of Education and Research in Norway. They help organize research data and library metadata.

BIBSYS works with all Norwegian universities and university colleges as well as research institutions
and the National Library of Norway.


Spyderco

Spyderco is a knife company founded by Sal Glesser in the United States. They pioneered the opening hole in the blade of a folding knife. This allows one-hand manual opening of the knife without the need for added thumb-studs or other features. It is headquartered in Golden, Colorado. It was founded in 1978.
A large part of the firm's knife production is outsourced to foreign contractors in countries such as Japan, Taiwan, Italy, and China.

They have pioneered the use of new types of steel alloys and handle materials, also materials such as fiberglass reinforced nylon polymer.


AK

AK and A.K. (but not Ak) may refer to:







JCUKEN

JCUKEN ("ЙЦУКЕН") is a keyboard layout used for Cyrillic languages. Before the Russian language was reformed in 1917, "JIUKEN" ("ЙІУКЕН") was the keyboard used.

Kielbasa

Kielbasa ( or ; from Polish ) is any type of meat sausage from Poland, and a staple of Polish cuisine. In American English the word typically refers to a coarse, U-shaped smoked sausage of any kind of meat, which closely resembles the "Wiejska" "sausage" (typically pork only) in British English.


Nicki

Nicki is a given name, Nicki is a unisex name of English origin. It is derived from the name Nicholas, which is derived from the Greek name Nikolaos, meaning “victory of the people”. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 

and may refer to:



EA (disambiguation)

EA is an acronym for Electronic Arts, an American video game company.

EA, E.A., Ea, or ea may also refer to:












ES

Es, ES, or similar may refer to:








Lukas Bärfuss

Lukas Bärfuss (born 30 December 1971 in Thun, Switzerland) is a Swiss writer. He writes in German. He has won many prizes in literature. These prizes include the Mülheimer Dramatikerpreis in 2005 for the play "Der Bus (Das Zeug einer Heiligen)", the Swiss Book Prize () in 2008 for "Hundert Tage," the Anna Seghers-Preis in 2008, the Hans Fallada Prize in 2010, the Solothurner Literaturpreis in 2014, the Nicolas Born Prize in 2015, the Johann-Peter-Hebel-Preis in 2016, and the most important German literature prize the Georg-Büchner-Preis in 2019.

Bärfuss writes critically about Switzerland in his novels and theatrical work. He also has written novels based on personal events and genocide in Rwanda.

Les Thioleyres

Les Thioleyres was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality called Oron.

Ecoteaux

Ecoteaux was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality called Oron.

Ishwari Prasad Gupta

Ishwari Prasad Gupta (5 February 1931 in Arrah – 12 December 2018 in Delhi) was an Indian politician. He was a Joint Secretary to the Government of India, Ministry of Home Affairs (India), Chief Secretary to the Government of Tripura and Lt. Governor of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.

Syed Shahnawaz Hussain

Syed Shahnawaz Hussain was born in Supaul, Bihar in 1968, is a National Spokesperson of the Bharatiya Janata Party and a former Cabinet Minister.

Mascarene Islands

The Mascarene Islands, () or Mascarenes, is a group of islands in the Indian Ocean east of Madagascar.

They include Mauritius, Réunion and Rodrigues. Their name comes from the Portuguese navigator Pedro Mascarenhas, who first visited them in April 1512. 

The islands were formed by the volcanism of the Réunion hotspot beneath the Mascarene Plateau. They are a distinct ecoregion with a unique flora and fauna.

Extinct animals include the dodo (a flightless pigeon), and the Rodgrigues solitaire. The islands also had giant tortoises, and still has some endemic birds and reptiles.

Before the ships found the islands, the islands had no humans. Now they have many people, and the original ecology of the islands is being destroyed.

The Mascarene Islands are a French overseas department. Mauritius styles itself the Republic of Mauritius, and is self-governed.

This ecoregion covers the three main islands, Réunion, Mauritius, and Rodrigues, and a number of smaller islets of the Mascarene Islands. The largest islands are the French Dependent Territory of Réunion (2,500 km2), and the island of Mauritius (1,900 km2), which together with Rodrigues (110 km2) forms the single independent nation of Mauritius. The nearest landmass is Madagascar, 680 km northwest of Réunion.

Tatums, Oklahoma

Tatums is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Ravia, Oklahoma

Ravia is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Shattuck, Oklahoma

Shattuck is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Verdigris, Oklahoma

Verdigris is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Good as Hell

"Good as Hell" is a song recorded by American singer Lizzo, taken from her EP, "Coconut Oil". It was released on March 11, 2016, and was written by Lizzo with its producer, Ricky Reed. The song talks about moving on from a bad relationship and feeling good in one's own skin.

After "Truth Hurts" reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 2019, "Good as Hell" became another sleeper hit, going to number three on the Hot 100, number one on the Pop Songs airplay chart, and number four on the rhythmic chart. It reached number 10 in Canada.

Lizzo released a remix of the song with singer Ariana Grande on October 25, 2019.

Rush Springs, Oklahoma

Rush Springs is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Mannsville, Oklahoma

Mannsville is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Oron-la-Ville

Oron-la-Ville was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality called Oron.


Les Tavernes

Les Tavernes was a municipality in Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2012, the municipalities Bussigny-sur-Oron, Châtillens, Chesalles-sur-Oron, Ecoteaux, Oron-la-Ville, Oron-le-Châtel, Palézieux, Les Tavernes, Les Thioleyres and Vuibroye joined together to become the new municipality called Oron.

Forever

Forever or 4ever can mean:

Forever (Chris Brown song)

"Forever" is a song by American R&B singer Chris Brown. It is taken from his second studio album, "Exclusive", on a special edition called "Exclusive: The Forever Edition". It was released as a single from the album on June 23, 2008, after "With You".

The song reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US and number one on the Mainstream Top 40 (Pop Songs) radio chart.

Association for Library Service to Children

The Association for Library Service to Children (ALSC) is one part of the American Library Association. It is the world's largest organization working on library service to children. The ALSC has more than 4,000 members.

ALSC announces the awards listed below every January at a Monday morning press conference during the American Library Association Midwinter Meeting.


Pramoedya Ananta Toer

Pramoedya Ananta Toer (6 February 1925 – 30 April 2006) was an Indonesian writer. He wrote novels, short stories, essays, and histories of Indonesia and its people. His writing includes much personal and national history. The Dutch Government put him in prison him from 1947 to 1949. Later, the Suharto government sent him to a prison island from 1965 to 1979.

Colonial and later authoritarian governments did not approve of Pramoedya's writings. They often censored his writing in Indonesia even though he was well known outside his home country. The Dutch imprisoned him from 1947 to 1949 during the War of Independence. During the coup when Suharto gained power, Pramoedya was involved in political fighting. Suharto put him in prison from 1969 to 1979 on the Maluku island called Buru. Suharto called Pramoedya a Communist. Suharto thought Pramoedya was still loyal to the Sukarno government even though Pramoedya had struggled with Sukarno.

He created his most famous work, the Buru Quartet, on the prison island. The prison did not allow him to have writing materials, so he told the story aloud to other prisoners. Then it was written down and smuggled out.

Pramoedya was against some policies of Indonesia's first President, Sukarno, and against the New Order regime of Suharto. Often, he did not make direct political criticisms. His writing was subtle. He was outspoken against colonialism, racism and the corruption of the Indonesian Government. During the many years he suffered in prison and house arrest, human rights advocates fought for his freedom of expression.

Pramoedya was born on February 6, 1925, in Blora in central Java, then a part of the Dutch East Indies. He was the oldest son in his family. Pramoedya's father was a teacher. His father was also active in Boedi Oetomo (the first recognized indigenous national organization in Indonesia). Pramoedya's mother was a rice trader. His maternal grandfather had made the pilgrimage to Mecca. As it is written in his semi-autobiographical collection of short stories "Cerita Dari Blora", his name was originally Pramoedya Ananta Mastoer. But he felt that the family name Mastoer was too aristocratic. The Javanese prefix "Mas" means a man of the higher rank in a noble family. So, he removes "Mas" and kept Toer as his family name. Pramoedya went to the Radio Vocational School in Surabaya but had just graduated when Japan invaded Surabaya in 1942.

During World War II, Pramoedya supported the occupying forces of Imperial Japan at first. He believed the Japanese to be bad but better than the Dutch. He worked as a typist for a Japanese newspaper in Jakarta. However as the war went on, Indonesians opposed harsh treatment by the Japanese military and wartime rationing. The Nationalist forces loyal to Sukarno switched their support to the incoming Allies against Japan. Pramoedya did as well.

On August 17, 1945, after the news of Allied victory over Japan reached Indonesia, Sukarno proclaimed Indonesian independence. This started the Indonesian National Revolution against the British and Dutch. In this war, Pramoedya joined a paramilitary group in Karawang, Kranji (West Java). He was sent to Jakarta. In Jakarta, he wrote short stories and books, and propaganda for the Nationalist cause. The Dutch put him in Bukit Duri prison in Jakarta from 1947 until 1949, the year the Netherlands recognized Indonesian independence. While in prison, he wrote his first major novel, "The Fugitive".

In the first years after Indonesia became independent, Pramoedya wrote stories about the problems of the new nation. He also wrote semi-autobiographical works based on his memoirs during World War II. Then he went to live in the Netherlands as part of a cultural exchange program. Later he went on several other cultural exchanges, including trips to the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China.

In Indonesia, Pramoedya built up a reputation as a critic of literature and society. He joined the left-wing writers' group Lekra and wrote in newspapers and literary journals. His writing style became more political. One example is his story "Korupsi" ("Corruption"). It is the story of a civil servant who falls into the trap of corruption. This caused problems for him with the Sukarno government.

From the late 1950s, Pramoedya began teaching literary history at the "Universitas Res Publica". That university was politically left-wing. As he prepared lessons, he began to realise that ideas about Indonesian language and literature had been distorted by the Dutch colonial authorities. He searched for materials that had been ignored by colonial educational institutions and by Indonesians after independence.

Pramoedya had spent time in China, so he had good feelings towards Indonesian Chinese people. This was unusual in Indonesia after independence. The Indonesian government had made many laws restricting Indonesian Chinese people's freedom and ethnic Malay or Javanese people often discriminated against Indonesian Chinese. Pramoedya published a series of letters to an imaginary Chinese correspondent discussing the history of the Indonesian Chinese, called "Hoakiau di Indonesia" (History of the Overseas Chinese in Indonesia). He criticized the government for being too Java-centric and insensitive to the needs and desires of the other regions and peoples of Indonesia. As a result, he was arrested by the Indonesian military and jailed at Cipinang prison for nine months.

In an October 1965 coup the army took power after making a false claim that the assassination of several senior generals was organized by the Communist Party of Indonesia. This was the start of Suharto's New Order. This government was violently anti-communist. Pramoedya was head of People's Cultural Organisation, a literary group connected to the Indonesian Communist Party. So, the New Order regime called him a communist and enemy of the state. During the violent anti-Communist purge in 1965-66, Pramoedya was arrested, beaten, and imprisoned by Suharto's government. He was named a political prisoner. His books were banned and he was imprisoned without trial, first in Nusa Kambangan off the southern coast of Java, and then in the penal colony Buru in the eastern islands of the Indonesian archipelago.

He was banned from writing during his imprisonment on the island of Buru, but created his best-known series of work, the Buru Quartet. It is a series of four historical fiction novels telling about the development of Indonesian nationalism. The books are partly based on his own experiences growing up. The English titles of the books are: "This Earth of Mankind", "Child of All Nations", "Footsteps", and "House of Glass". The main character of the series is named Minke. He is a minor Javanese royal. The character is similar to an Indonesian journalist named Tirto Adhi Surjo. He was active in the nationalist movement.

The quartet includes strong female characters of Indonesian and Chinese ethnicity. The books show how hard it was for these people to live under colonial rule. They experienced racist discrimination and attacks. They struggled for personal and national political independence. These books are typical of much of Pramoedya's writing. They tell personal stories and focus on individuals caught up in the movements of a nation's history.

Pramoedya Ananta Toer’s "Child of all Nations" describes the sorrow of Javanese people under Dutch colonialism. It's the second book in a series called the Buru Quartet, all written by Pramoedya. This book continues the story from the previous one and shows how people in Indonesia fought against the Dutch colonizers in the 1980s. It's against colonialism and shows the difficult lives of women, along with strong feelings of love and anger.

Pramoedya had done research for the books before he was sent to the Buru prison camp. When he was arrested his library was burned and much of his collection and early writings were lost. On the prison colony island of Buru he was not permitted even to have a pencil. Pramoedya thought that he would ever be able to write the novels on paper. He told the stories of the novels to his fellow prisoners. Other prisoners listened to the stories then helped him. They did extra labor so that Pramoedya did not have to work as much. So finally he was able to write the novels down. The final books took their name, "Buru Quartet," from the prison where he created them. They have been collected and published in English. Maxwell Lane translated them. They are also in many other languages. By 2005, they had been published in 33 languages (BIWP). Many people outside of Indonesia though that these were excellent books. They won many awards. But the Indonesian government banned their publication in Indonesia. So one of Indonesia's most famous literary works was almost impossible to find the country's people whose history it addressed. Indonesians abroad scanned copies and shared them on the Internet with people inside the country.

Pramoedya's works on colonial Indonesia recognised the importance of Islam as a vehicle for popular opposition to the Dutch. His works are not about religion and do not have clear religious themes. He opposed people who used religion to control how people think. Sometimes he wrote negatively about the religiously pious.

Pramoedya was freed from prison in 1979. But, he was still under house arrest in Jakarta until 1992. During this time he released "The Girl From the Coast", another semi-fictional novel based on his grandmother's own experience (volumes 2 and 3 of this work were destroyed along with his library in 1965). He also wrote "Nyanyi Sunyi Seorang Bisu" (1995); "A Mute's Soliloquy", an autobiography based on the letters that he wrote for his daughter from imprisonment in Buru but were not allowed to be sent, and "Arus Balik" (1995).

He wrote many columns and short articles criticizing the Indonesian government. He wrote a book called "Perawan Remaja dalam Cengkeraman Militer" ("Young Virgins in the Military's Grip"), a documentary written showcasing the plight of Javanese women who were forced to become comfort women during the Japanese occupation and were subsequently subject to oppression by their own Indonesian society. The Japanese military took these women to Buru island. They were raped and sexually abused by the Japanese. Many stayed there instead of returning to Java. Other political prisoners on Buru with Pramoedya were able to meet some of these women. They told the women's stories to Pramoedya. He wrote them down in narrative form in the 1970s. This was the start of the book published in 2001.

Pramoedya was hospitalized on April 27, 2006 for complications from diabetes and heart disease. He was also a heavy smoker of Kretek (clove) cigarettes and had endured years of abuse while in detention. Pramoedya was praised for his writing and won many awards. Many thought he was the best candidate for a Nobel Prize in Literature from Indonesia and Southeast Asia.

Pramoedya's writings on Indonesia address the international and regional currents caused by political events in history and how these events flowed through his homeland and buffeted its people. Pramoedya also shares a personal history of hardship and detention for his efforts of self-expression and the political aspects of his writings, and struggled against the censorship of his work by the leaders of his own people.


Books on Pramoedya Ananta Toer


Rudy Boesch

Rudolph Ernst Boesch (January 20, 1928 – November 1, 2019) was a United States Navy SEAL and television personality. He was a two-time competitor on the reality competition show "Survivor". He was born in Rochester, New York. Boesch hosted the television show "Combat Missions" in 2002.

Boesch died of Alzheimer's disease-related problems on November 1, 2019 at a retirement home in Virginia Beach, Virginia at the age of 91..


Sigvard Ericsson

John Sigvard "Sigge" Ericsson (17 July 1930 – 2 November 2019) was a Swedish speed skater. He competed at the 1952 and 1956 Olympics and won a gold and a silver medal in 1956.


Leo Iorga

Leo Iorga was a Romanian singer who died on 2 November 2019 of cancer in Bucharest, aged 54.

 

Marie Laforêt

Marie Laforêt (5 October 1939 – 2 November 2019) was a French-Swiss singer and actress. As a singer, she was known for her single "Mon amour, mon ami". As an actress, she was known for her roles in "Male Hunt" and "Who Wants to Kill Sara?".

Laforêt died in Genolier, Switzerland on 2 November 2019 at the age of 80.


Walter Mercado

Walter Mercado Salinas (March 9, 1932 – November 2, 2019), also known by his stage name Shanti Ananda, was a Puerto Rican astrologer, actor, dancer, and writer. He was best known as a television personality for his shows as an astrologer. His astrology predictions shows aired for many years in Puerto Rico, Latin America and the United States.

Mercado died on November 2, 2019 from kidney failure at a hospital in San Juan, Puerto Rico at the age of 87.


James I. Robertson Jr.

Dr. James I. "Bud" Robertson Jr. (July 18, 1930 – November 2, 2019) was an American historian. He was a known scholar on the American Civil War. He was an Alumni Distinguished Professor Emeritus at Virginia Tech.

Robertson died on November 2, 2019 of cancer in Richmond, Virginia, aged 89.


Gert Boyle

Gertrude Boyle (née Lamfrom; March 6, 1924 – November 3, 2019) was a German-born American businesswoman. Her father started Columbia Sportswear, where she later became president. She was the chairperson of the company from 1983 to her death.

Boyle died on November 3, 2019 at her home in Portland, Oregon, at the age of 95.

West Linn, Oregon

West Linn is a city in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States. It is a rich suburb of Portland metropolitan area. It was named after U.S. Senator Lewis F. Linn. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 27,373.

Ian Cross

Ian Robert Cross (6 November 1925 – 2 November 2019) was a New Zealand novelist, journalist and administrator. His first novel, "The God Boy", was released in 1957. Later novels are "The Backward Sex" (1959), "After ANZAC Day" (1961) and "The Family Man" (1993).

Sorin Frunzăverde

Sorin Frunzăverde (26 April 1960 – 3 November 2019) was a Romanian politician. He was president of the Caraș-Severin County Council and Member of the European Parliament from 2007 through 2009. He was the Minister of National Defense in 2000 and again from 2006 through 2007.

Frunzăverde died on 3 November 2019 in Bucharest from kidney disease at the age of 59.


Taku Mayumura

Taku Mayumura ( "Mayumura Taku", 20 October 1934 – 3 November 2019) was a Japanese novelist, science fiction writer and haiku poet. He won the Seiun Award for Novel twice. 

In 2004 his Shiseikan (, "Administrator", one story of the "Shiseikan series"), written in 1974, was translated into English. Mayumura was an honorary member of the SFWJ (Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of Japan). His representative works in this field were "Nazo no Tenkousei" and "Nerawareta Gakuen".

Mayumura died on 3 November 2019 from pneumonia in Abeno-ku, Osaka at the age of 85.

Dalia Itzik

Dalia Itzik ( "Dalya Itsik"; born 20 October 1952) is a former Israeli politician. She was a member of the Knesset for HaAvoda and Kadima. From May 2006 to March 2009 she was the first female speaker of the Knesset. She was interim President of Israel from January to July 2007 and was several times a minister.

Itzik was born in Jerusalem and studied literature and history at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and law in Herzliya.


Yvette Lundy

Yvette Lundy (22 April 1916 – 3 November 2019) was a member of the French Resistance during World War II. She was the inspiration for the character of "Mademoiselle Lise Lundi" in the 2009 movie "Korkoro". She was born at Oger, Marne.

In 1938 she began working as a teacher at Gionges. During May 1940, as the Battle of France began, she fled the area, but returned two months later. Lundy was arrested on 19 June 1944 in her classroom at Gionges and was interrogated by the Gestapo and was sent to jail. Lundy was freed from Schlieben by the Red Army on 20 April 1945.

Lundy's memoir, "Le Fil de l'araignée", co-written with Laurence Barbarot-Boisson, was published in 2012.

In April 2016, Lundy turned 100. She died on 3 November 2019 at the age of 103.

Kees Driehuis

Kees Driehuis (8 December 1951 – 29 October 2019) was a Dutch television presenter. He was born in Amsterdam. He was best known as the presenter for the television quiz show "Per Seconde Wijzer" for 29 years. In total he presented 794 episodes of the quiz show.

Driehuis died on 29 October 2019 in Amsterdam of bladder cancer at the age of 67.

Stuart Heydinger

Stuart Heydinger (5 May 1927 – 6 October 2019) was a British photojournalist and portrait photographer. He was chief photographer at "The Observer" from 1960 to 1966. Heydinger was born in Kingston upon Thames, London.

Heydinger died on 6 October 2019 at the age of 92.


Saratoga Springs, New York

Saratoga Springs is a city in Saratoga County, New York, United States. The population was 28,491 at the 2020 census. Saratoga is just south of the Adirondack Mountains and it goes along the Hudson River. Saratoga Springs is most famous for the Saratoga Race Course which is the fourth oldest race horse in the U.S.

Shortly after 1691 British colonist settled the town of Schuylerville which at the time was called "Saratoga" before being renamed in 1831. In 1802 a hotel was established for travelers called the Gideon Putnam Hotel which led to a large population and economically boost for Saratoga and the surrounding areas.Although not directly in Saratoga Springs, the Battle of Saratoga was fought just 10 miles south and was a turning point in the American Revolutionary War. In 1863 the Saratoga Race Course opened up leading to a large increase in tourism because of the betting involved even to this day.

Saratoga Springs surrounds Saratoga Lake. The lake is 4.5 miles long and is known for its fishing and rowing competitions. There are also many beaches located on the lake.

There are many parks in Saratoga like Saratoga Spa State Park and Congress Park. Saratoga is also famous for it's horse racing which is done at the race track. The track is open from July to September and is known for its more prominent races like the Travers Stakes. Polo is also a common activity played in Saratoga. The sport is usually played during the summer at the Whitney Field. The Saratoga Skatepark is New York's first skatepark but the city filled area with dirt in order to prevent vandalism but did eventually remove it in 2011. 

The local government of Saratoga Springs follows a City commission government but there has been many failed attempts to change this, most recently in the November 2020 election. 

Ballston Spa, New York

Ballston Spa is a village and the county seat of Saratoga County, New York, United States, located southwest of Saratoga Springs. The population of the village, named after Rev. Eliphalet Ball, a Congregationalist clergyman and an early settler, was 5,111 at the 2020 census. 

Clackamas County, Oregon

Clackamas County is a county in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 421,401. It is Oregon's third-most populous county. Its county seat is Oregon City. 

Weymouth, Nova Scotia

Weymouth is a rural village located in Digby County, Nova Scotia on the Sissiboo River near its terminus on Baie Ste. Marie. 

List of people from Nova Scotia

This is a list of notable people who are from Nova Scotia, Canada, or have spent a large part or formative part of their career in that province.


See also:

See also:





































I Bought a Vampire Motorcycle

I Bought a Vampire Motorcycle is a 1990 low-budget comedy horror British movie.

It has a plot about a motorcycle possessed by an evil spirit.

It is set in a suburb of Birmingham, England. It is about a man named Noddy and his girlfriend Kim. They operate a motorcycle courier business. One day Noddy buys a classic motorbike, an 850cc Norton Commando. He restores the motorbike. The motorbike is possessed by the evil spirit of a man. The spirit was summoned by an occultist who was killed by a motorbike gang. The bike starts up by itself. It rides on its own and kills people. It targets members of the Hells Angels.

Michael Elphick plays Inspector Cleaver. Anthony Daniels plays an eccentric priest. The priest attempts to exorcise the bike's evil spirit.

During a satanic ritual, a motorbike gang kills an occultist with a crossbow. An evil spirit inhabits a damaged bike. Noddy is then seen purchasing the motorcycle from a dealer. It costs him £1100. He tells Kim he only paid £600. He takes it home to repair it. His friend, Buzzer, and girlfriend, Kim, help him. They repair the damage caused by the crossbow. They replace the fuel tank. Buzzer steals the petrol cap for "funsies". The bike kills Buzzer by cutting off his head.

The motorbike has become a bloodthirsty monster. Noddy goes to the scene of the crime. There he meets an inspector who smells like garlic. Later, Noddy has a bad dream that the inspector gives him Buzzer's head in a bag. He dreams that it talks to him. He then wakes up. Noddy and Kim go to the pub. They order a large vodka tonic and a pint of cider. Then ten of the bikers from the beginning come in and shoot the bar with the crossbow. One then offers to show Kim his "chopper" while she is playing pool. She declines, claiming not to have brought her magnifying glass. He then takes an axe and attacks the pool table. A bar wide brawl of 10 bikers starts. Kim manages to leave. She rides the bike to the back of the pub. Noddy jumps from the first floor on to the motorbike. He gets shot with a crossbow bolt.

They order a Chinese meal. When Kim orders garlic prawns, the bike goes mad. It drives off with her. It takes her under a bridge. It throws her off. It makes advances on her. It stops when it sees a crucifix around her neck. It drives off back to the pub. Chopper attempts to steal it. The bike stabs him through the leg with a large metal spike. It then launches him at some graffiti artists. It then proceeds to exact its revenge on the rest of the gang. It decapitates the majority. It leaves Roach with a bolt inserted into his posterior.

Noddy finds out Kim has been taken to hospital. She describes the bike's advances. She has a hollow look in her eyes. It is then seen that the inspector is looking at some heads. Noddy then goes to a priest. The priest also has a motorcycle. They travel to the garage where the bike is kept. The priest is sarcastic. He does not believe Noddy. Not wanting to be taken into the sunlight, the bike uses its brake lever to cut off the priest's fingers. Determining the bike is a vampire, the priest decides to do an exorcism. Believing the bike will come back for Kim, the priest gives her some garlic.

The vampire bike disables the bike Noddy and the priest are riding. They wait for a bus. It is a race against the sun to get to the vampire bike before nightfall. During the exorcism, the priest is hit in the head with a spanner. Noddy is blown around the room by a mysterious wind, knocking him into cupboards. The priest is then crucified with a crown of barbed wire. The priest sprinkles holy water. This makes the bike angry. It grows spikes and glows red.

Noddy runs off and steals a police motorcycle. He drags the policeman behind him. The policeman is almost run over by the vampire bike. The bike is chased by a police car. The priest attempts to explain it to the authorities. Kim is washed removing her garlic. The bike evades the police by driving vertically down a wall. It goes to the hospital to finish off Kim. It cuts the tea lady in two. Kim uses her crucifix to scare it away. The motorbike goes after Roach. Roach crashes and lands in a coffin. He is presumed dead.

The bike then goes for Noddy but gets its front wheel stuck in a bridge. Noddy throws it in a river. Thinking he is safe, Noddy has a victory smoke. The audience sees a red-light under the water. Noddy then sees it and screams. He runs around like a lunatic. He hides in a gym. The bike doesn't take long to find him. It starts attacking the patrons with its spikes. Noddy then bashes the bike. It pretends to die. Everyone feels safe, until it starts throwing people's limbs in the air. The inspector scares it with his smell. The bike manages to trap Noddy against a wall. Noddy turns on a sun bed. Everyone uses their crucifix and/or garlic breath to force it into the light and it melts. Kim asks how much Noddy really spent on the bike. The priest says they are usually reliable. Back in Noddy's workshop, he accidentally cuts his hand. The blood drips onto the bike's old fuel tank which springs open, leaving the audience expecting a sequel.


Mania (Fall Out Boy album)

Mania (stylized as M A  N   I    A) is the seventh studio album by American rock band Fall Out Boy. It was released on January 19, 2018.


Make America Psycho Again

Make America Psycho Again is the first remix album by Fall Out Boy, released on October 30, 2015.


Ève Curie

Ève Denise Curie Labouisse (; December 6, 1904 – October 22, 2007) was a French and American writer, journalist and pianist. She was the younger daughter of Marie Curie and Pierre Curie. Her sister was Irène Joliot-Curie and her brother-in-law Frédéric Joliot-Curie. Ève was the only member of her family who did not choose a career as a scientist and did not win a Nobel Prize. She worked as a journalist, and wrote her mother's biography "Madame Curie" and a book of war reportage, "Journey Among Warriors".

Shingō, Aomori

Shingō is in south-central Aomori Prefecture. It is east of Lake Towada. A lot of the village is mountainous. The elevation can be 1000 meters high near the border with Akita Prefecture. The village has a cold Humid continental climate characterized by cool short summers and long cold winters with very heavy snowfall (Köppen climate classification "Dfa"). The average annual temperature in Shingō is 8.7 °C (47 °F). The average yearly amount of rain is 1342 mm (53 in.). September is the wettest month. The hottest month is August; the average temperature is 22.2 °C (72 °F). The coldest month is January; the average temperature is -3.7 °C (25 °F).

Aomori Prefecture
Akita Prefecture

Per Japanese census data, the population of Shingō has declined over the past 40 years.
The area around Shingō was controlled by the Nambu clan of Morioka Domain during the Edo period. During the post-Meiji restoration cadastral reform of April 1, 1889, Herai Village and neighboring Nozawa Village were formed. On July 29, 1955 the western portion of Nozawa Village merged into Herai, which was then renamed Shingō.

Shingō has two public elementary schools and two public middle schools operated by the village government. The village does not have a high school.

The economy of Shingō is mostly agriculture. Notable crops include edible chrysanthemum, Japanese yam and tobacco. Traditionally a horse breeding area, Shingō is also known for its cattle ranches.


Shingō village has what is said to be the last resting place of Jesus. It is called the "Tomb of Jesus" ("Kirisuto no haka"). It's also where Jesus' last descendants, the family of Sajiro Sawaguchi, lives. The Sawaguchi family says that Jesus Christ did not die on the cross at Golgotha. Instead, his brother, Isukiri, took his place on the cross. Jesus left, and he went through Siberia to Mutsu Province (in northern Japan). Once in Japan, he changed his name to Torai Tora Daitenku. He became a rice farmer, and he married a twenty-year old Japanese woman named Miyuko. He raised three daughters near what is now Shingō. While in Japan, he supposedly traveled around. He supposedly died at the age of 106. His body was exposed on a hilltop for four years. Jesus' bones were collected, bundled, and buried in the mound said to be the grave of Jesus Christ.

Another mound near the supposed grave of Jesus is said to have an ear of the brother of Jesus. It is also said to have some hair from Mary, the mother of Jesus. They were the only things from his family that Jesus could carry when he left Judaea. The claims started in 1933 after the people found supposed "ancient Hebrew documents about Jesus' life and death in Japan." They were supposedly the from Jesus. These documents are called the Takeuchi Documents. They are said to be very old documents that were passed down through the family of Takeuchi Kiyomaro. The documents were supposedly taken by the Japanese authorities, and the documents were taken to Tokyo, shortly before World War II. They have not been seen since.


Erta Ale

Erta Ale is a shield volcano in Ethiopia. The name means Smoking Mountain. It is one of the most active volcanoes in Africa.

Lake Towada

The lake is a popular place for tourists.

A World War II Tachikawa Ki-54 airplane of the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force crashed into the lake in 1943. It was found at the bottom of Lake Towada on 13 August 2010. It was taken on September 5, 2012. and has been placed on display.

The lake's symbol, the Otome-no-Zo statue, is in the center of the lake. From there excursion boats arrive and depart. In Utarube, visitors can go canoeing or camping.


Lake Hibara

Hibara Lake is a mesotrophic lake. It was created because of the July 15, 1888 eruption of Mount Bandai. The debris avalanche created a natural dam that then filled with water. It sank . The ruins of Hibara Village are still at the bottom of the lake.

Lake Kuttara

A salamander species, , lives at the lake. Since 1909, Sockeye salmon have been sent to the lake.


IPhone 11 Pro

The iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 Pro Max are smartphones sold by Apple Inc. They were released on September 20, 2019, as replacements to the iPhone X and X Max. The phones feature a third camera lens on the rear instead of two lenses. They are available in gold, silver, space gray, and a new midnight green shade. They ship with an 18-watt power adapter and a USB-C–to–Lightning cable for fast charging.

Irwin Fridovich

Irwin Fridovich (August 2, 1929 – November 2, 2019) was an American biochemist. He discovered the enzymatic activity of copper,zinc superoxide dismutase (SOD),—to protect organisms from the toxic effects of superoxide free radicals formed as a byproduct of normal oxygen metabolism. 

He spent the rest of his career studying the biochemical mechanisms. Fridovich was also Professor Emeritus of Biochemistry at Duke University.

Jacques Dupont

Jacques Dupont may refer to:

Jacques Dupont (cyclist)

Jacques Dupont (19 June 1928 – 4 November 2019) was a French racing cyclist. He was born in Lézat-sur-Lèze. He won a gold medal in the 1000m time trial at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. He also won a bronze medal in the team road race, together with José Beyaert and Alain Moineau. He won Paris–Tours in 1951 and 1955.

Dupont died on 4 November 2019 in Lézat-sur-Lèze, at the age of 91.


Sadeque Hossain Khoka

Sadeque Hossain Khoka (12 May 1952 – 4 November 2019) was a Bangladeshi politician. He served as the 2nd mayor of Dhaka City Corporation during 2002 to 2011. He was the vice chairman of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party and was President of undivided Dhaka city BNP for longest period of the organisation's existence.

Khoka was born in a Muslim family. His father was an engineer and a social worker. Khoka attended Dhaka University and completed M.A. in psychology. In 1971 at the age of 19 he fought in the Bangladesh Liberation War. After independence, he worked in organizing soccer, rising to the positions of General Secretary of the Dhaka Metropolitan Football Association and Joint General Secretary of the Bangladesh Football Federation. Khoka was the key person of the football club Brothers Union.

Khoka was first elected to the Jatiyo Sangshad (national legislature) in 1991. In the same year he was made State Minister of Youth and Sports. Khoka also won from his constituency in elections in 1996 and 2001. After Bangladesh Nationalist Party's victory in 2001, Khoka was made Cabinet Minister of Fisheries and Livestock. Being in the office, he fought the Dhaka City Corporation election for mayorship and won. He took office as the Mayor of Dhaka on 25 April 2002. He served as both Minister and Mayor till 2004 when he resigned from the ministry.

Khoka resigned from the mayoral duties of Dhaka on 29 November 2011, when the government passed a bill in parliament to split DCC (Dhaka City Corporation) into two parts and renamed them DCC North and DCC South.

In 2013, Khoka compared the crackdown on Hefazat protestors to the Pakistani crackdown on 25 March and Jalianwala Bagh massacres. In response, Detective Branch police raided the houses of Sadeque Hossain Khoka and Bangladesh Jatiya Party chairman Andaleeve Rahman Partha.

Khoka was married to Ismat Ara and had two sons and a daughter. His eldest son Ishraque Hossain is a politician and Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 2018 Mayoral election in Dhaka. Another son Ishfaque Hossain is now a Bachelor level student from University of Hertfordshire. His daughter Sarika Sadeque is married to Ahmed Iftekhar, Son of Ahmad Nazir, Ex Parliament Member. Both of them pursued MBA degree from Durham University.

Khoka died from cancer on 4 November 2019 in New York.

Ahmet Altan

Ahmet Hüsrev Altan (born 2 March 1950) is a Turkish journalist and author. He was a night shift reporter to editor in chief in various newspapers. He worked for the newspapers "Hürriyet", "Milliyet" and "Radikal". In 2007 he became the founding editor-in-chief and lead columnist of "Taraf", a daily Turkish newspaper, and remained in the position until his resignation in December 2012.

In October 2019, Atlan revealed to "The New York Times" that he is receiving treatment for brain cancer.

Shani Wallis

Shani Wallis (born 14 April 1933) is an English actress and singer. She is perhaps best known for her roles in the West End, and for the role of Nancy in the 1968 Oscar-winning movie musical "Oliver!".

Wallis is a patron of the theatre charity the Music Hall Guild of Great Britain and America.


Austin Pendleton

Austin Campbell Pendleton (born March 27, 1940) is an American actor, playwright, theatre director and instructor.

In 2009 Pendleton directed "Uncle Vanya", starring Maggie Gyllenhaal and Peter Sarsgaard, at the Classic Stage Company. He teaches acting at the HB Studio and directing at The New School, both in Greenwich Village.

Christmas with the Kranks

Christmas with the Kranks is a 2004 American Christmas comedy movie based on the 2001 novel "Skipping Christmas" by John Grisham. It was directed by Joe Roth and written and produced by Chris Columbus.

It stars Tim Allen and Jamie Lee Curtis as a couple in Chicago who decide to skip Christmas one year since their daughter is away, much to the disapproval of their neighbors. The movie also stars Julie Gonzalo, Tom Poston, Dan Aykroyd, M. Emmet Walsh, Austin Pendleton, Cheech Marin and Felicity Huffman.

The movie received negative reviews on Rotten Tomatoes with a 5% score.

Bibeksheel Sajha Party

The Bibeksheel Sajha Party () इस a political party in Nepal. It was created by former Editor-in-chief of BBC Nepali Service Rabindra Mishra.

Ravi Shankar Prasad

Ravi Shankar Prasad is an Indian lawyer, politician and the current Union Minister holding the Ministry of Law and Justice, Communications and Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology portfolios in the Government of India. He is a leader of BJP.

In 2018 according to "The Economic Times" he features among the top twenty influential world leaders in digital technology and e-government.

Aryabhata

Aryabhata (476–550 CE) was an Indian mathematician and an astronomer. He discovered zero.

<br>

Chhipahrmai Rural Municipality

Chhipaharmai Gaupalika () is a rural municipality in Parsa District of Nepal. There are 5 wards. Its area is and population is 26,671.

Kalikamai Rural Municipality

Kalikamai Gaupalika () is a rural municipality in Parsa District of Nepal. There are 5 wards. Its area is and population is 21,131.

Thori Rural Municipality

Thori Gaupalika () is a rural municipality in Parsa District of Nepal. There are 5 wards. Its area is and population is 20,296.

Jirabhawani Rural Municipality

Jira Bhawani Gaupalika () is a rural municipality in Parsa District in Nepal. There are 5 wards. Its area is and population is 22,765.

1977 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1977 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1976–77 season, and the finish to the 1977 Stanley Cup playoffs. It was played between the Boston Bruins and the defending champion Montreal Canadiens. The Bruins were making their first appearance in the final series since their loss in the 1974 Final. The Canadiens would win the best-of-seven series four games to none, to win their second straight Stanley Cup championship, and 20th overall.

Montreal defeated the St. Louis Blues 4–0 and the New York Islanders 4–2 to advance to the final.

Boston defeated the Los Angeles Kings 4–2 and the Philadelphia Flyers 4–0 to make it to the final.

Jacques Lemaire scored three game-winning goals, including the Cup-winner in overtime. Guy Lafleur won the Conn Smythe Trophy for scoring 10 goals and 17 assists during the playoffs.


2019 Cotabato earthquakes

In October 2019, an earthquakes struck the province of Cotabato on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines, of which three earthquakes were above 6.0 in the magnitude scale with an intensity VIII. 

The first was on October 16, a magnitude 6.3 earthquake, with an epicenter near Tulunan. At least seven people were killed and 215 others injured. The second earthquake was on October 29, a magnitude 6.6 event with an epicenter near Bual, to the northeast of the 16 October event. The third earthquake was on October 31, a magnitude 6.5 with epicenter near Tulunan. It is not considered to be an aftershock of the October 29 event. 22 people died and a further 424 were injured after these two events.

SetACL

SetACL is a freeware utility for manipulating security descriptors on Microsoft Windows. It used to be available under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL). It changed to a freeware license in version 3.0.0.0.

This list of features is taken from the product's web page.

To set 'change' permissions on the directory 'C:\angela' for user 'brian' in domain 'dom1':

Remove write and change permission sets from Desktop, replace with 'read and execute' permissions: 

An example of its use from AutoIt can be found here


Dean Prentice

Dean Sutherland Prentice (October 5, 1932 – November 2, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger.

Prentice played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for 22 seasons between 1952–53 and 1973–74. Over his NHL career, Prentice played for the New York Rangers, Boston Bruins, Detroit Red Wings, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Minnesota North Stars.

Prentice died on November 2, 2019 in Cambridge, Ontario at the age of 87.

Mount Alayta

Mount Alatya is a shield volcano in Ethiopia. It produced significant lava flows in the early 1900s. The last eruption was in 1915.

Neo Geo

The Neo Geo is an 16-bit arcade system and home console made by SNK. The home console uses arcade boards for cartridges, which read and play games. A mini-console variant, the Neo-Geo Mini, was released to poor reviews. Many of its games have been re-released on other platforms.

SNK

SNK is a well known developer of video games. They are famous for their The King of Fighters series, Metal Slug series, Samurai Showdown series, Psycho Soldier, Art of Fighting series, and much more games.

WorldCat Identities

WorldCat is a union catalog that lists the collections of 17,900 libraries in 123 countries and territories that participate in the Online Computer Library Center (OCLC) global cooperative. It is operated by OCLC, Inc. The subscribing member libraries work together to maintain WorldCat's database. It is the world's largest bibliographic database. OCLC makes WorldCat itself available for free to libraries, but the catalog is also used for other subscription OCLC services (such as resource sharing and collection management). WorldCat is used by the general public and by librarians for cataloging and research.

OCLC was founded in 1967 under the leadership of Fred Kilgour. That same year, OCLC began to develop the union catalog technology that would later evolve into WorldCat; the first catalog records were added in 1971.

In 2003, OCLC began the "Open WorldCat" pilot program, making shorter records from a some of WorldCat available to partner web sites and booksellers. OCLC did this so that subscribing member libraries' collections would become more accessible.

In October 2005, the OCLC technical staff began a wiki project called WikiD. It let readers add comments and structured-field information to any WorldCat record. WikiD was later phased out, although WorldCat later incorporated user-generated content in other ways.

In 2006, it became possible for anyone to search WorldCat directly at its open website, It had been available on the web to subscribing libraries for more than ten years already. Options for more sophisticated searches of WorldCat have remained available through the FirstSearch interface.

In 2007, WorldCat Identities began showing pages for 20 million "identities." Identities are mostly authors and people who books are about.

In May 2019, WorldCat held over 450 million bibliographic records in 484 languages. Record over 2.8 billion physical and digital library items. The WorldCat persons dataset (mined from WorldCat) included over 100 million people.




Hydrogen cyanide

Hydrogen cyanide is a chemical compound which is a cyanide. Like most other cyanides, it is very toxic. It is also called prussic acid.

Cottonwood Falls, Kansas

Cottonwood Falls is the biggest city of Chase County, Kansas. It is also the county seat of Chase County. In 2020, 851 people lived there.

The first settlement in the Cottonwood Falls area was in 1854. An Indian trader named Seth Hayes created a cattle ranch on the Cottonwood River. In 1859, the area around the town was organized as Chase County. Cottonwood Falls was chosen to be the temporary county seat. Other early people came in Cottonwood and nearby land from 1856 to 1858.

The first post office in Cottonwood Falls was created in 1858. In 1873, the city's French Renaissance style Chase County courthouse was built. Around the same time, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway reached Cottonwood Falls area. Through the late 19th century and early 20th century the area around the city was mostly farms and cattle ranches.

Cottonwood Falls is at (38.368211, -96.542755). It is in the Flint Hills of the Great Plains. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Cottonwood Falls has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Cottonwood Falls has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Cottonwood Falls is part of the Emporia Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 851 people, 318 households, and 179 families living in Cottonwood Falls. Of the households, 74.2% owned their home and 25.8% rented their home.

The median age was 41.9 years. Of the people, 77.3% were White, 1.9% were Black, 0.9% were Asian, 0.2% were Native American, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 14.9% were from some other race, and 4.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 17.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 903 people, 342 households, and 205 families living in Cottonwood Falls.

Cottonwood Falls is part of Unified School District 284.

K-177 highway goes north-south through the city. 
Chase County Airport, FAA:9K0, is south-east of 8th St and Airport Rd.

Cottonwood Falls has five things on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).




Council Grove, Kansas

Council Grove is a city in Morris County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Morris County. This city is fifty-five miles southwest of Topeka. It was named after an agreement between European Americans and the Osage Nation about allowing settlers' wagon trains to go through the area to go West. Pioneers came together at a grove of trees so that wagons could stay together for their trip west. In 2020, 2,140 people lived there.

Council Grove was one of the last stops on the Santa Fe Trail when going southwest. The first European-American settler was Seth M. Hays. He came to the area in 1847 to trade with the Kaw tribe. The Kaw had a reservation created in the area in 1846. Hays was a great grandson of Daniel Boone.

On February 26, 1855, a post office was created in Council Grove.

In 1858, the town was officially incorporated by the Kansas legislature. Hays also opened a restaurant in 1857, the Hays House, which is said to be the oldest restaurant west of the Mississippi River.

In 1943, the United States government brought prisoners to Lawrence. These prisoners were war prisoners from World War II. The prisoners were mostly German people and Italian people. The government brought them because farmers needed more people. They were forced to live in camps. These camps were like prisons. Fort Riley created 12 small camps, and one was in Council Grove.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Council Grove has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Council Grove has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.
The 2020 census says that there were 2,140 people, 912 households, and 528 families living in Council Grove. Of the households, 63.9% owned their home and 36.1% rented their home.

The median age was 41.3 years. Of the people, 90.9% were White, 0.3% were Native American, 0.2% were Black, 0.2% were Asian, 2.1% were from some other race, and 6.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 7.1% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,182 people, 991 households, and 565 families living in Council Grove.

Council Grove is part of Unified School District 417.




Video game crash of 1977

The video game crash of 1977 (also known as 1977 video game crash or the forgotten video game crash) is one of the first times the video game industry "crashed". This event is mostly attributed to Pong-clone home video game consoles, and such. Many video game companies went broke in this crash because they had to make their game consoles cheaper due to the high number of concurrent products. It is followed by the video game crash of 1983. 

Elkhart, Kansas

Elkhart is a city in Morton County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Morton County. The south part of the city is the Kansas-Oklahoma state border. Elkhart is from the Kansas-Colorado border. In 2020, 1,888 people lived there.

Elkhart was created in 1913. It was named after Elkhart, Indiana.

In 1961, the county seat was moved from Richfield to Elkhart.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Elkhart has a cool semi-arid climate (Köppen "BSk"). It has dry winters with big temperature differences, and it has hot summers, and it sometimes has a lot of precipitation from thunder showers or storms.

During winter, because western Kansas lies both on the edge of the subtropical anticyclones and in the rain shadow of westerly winds crossing the Rocky Mountains, the region is generally dry: no measurable precipitation fell in Elkhart between 25 December 1903 and 2 April 1904, while monthly precipitation above has never been recorded during January and is observed fewer than one year in ten during November, December or February. Temperatures can vary greatly during this season: strong chinook winds can drive temperatures above even in the depth of winter, with reached on average during six days between December and February, seven during November and eight during March. Nevertheless, cold outbreaks from Canada drive temperatures to or below on an average of 3.6 nights per winter. The coldest temperature recorded in Elkhart has been on January 19, 1984, while the hottest winter temperature has been on February 1, 1963.

In the summer, the climate is generally very hot. It sometime gets thunderstorms. Those storms provide most of the of precipitation expected during one year.The wettest calendar year has been 1941 with and the driest 1937 when only fell.
The 2020 census says that there were 1,888 people, 729 households, and 469 families living in Elkhart. Of the households, 69.3% owned their home and 30.7% rented their home.

The median age was 41.1 years. Of the people, 75.1% were White, 1.2% were Asian, 0.7% were Native American, 0.7% were Black, 0.3% were Pacific Islanders, 10.2% were from some other race, and 11.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 23.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,205 people, 856 households, and 571 families living in Elkhart.

Elkhart is served by USD 218 Elkhart. The Elkhart High School mascot is the Wildcats.



Erie, Kansas

Erie is a city in Neosho County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Neosho County. Erie is in the valley of the Neosho River, about a mile Northeast of the river. In 2020, 1,047 people lived there.

A settlement called "Erie", later referred to as "Old Erie" and "Beantown USA", was platted northwest of the present townsite. Another community, known as Crawfordsville, was started two miles northeast of the current place. In 1866, the creators of these two towns decided to leave the towns and combine with the settlement at the current Erie site. Four men gave 40 acres each, that butted together, out of their 160-acre shares, to create the city plat of Erie. These men were: David W. Bray, Luther Puckett, John F. Himmelwright and Peter Walter. In November 1866, the Erie Town Company was created. Each member of this company gave forty acres of land in the center of Section 32, Township 28, Range 20 east. Each member was to buy city plots and improve them.

Erie's first fire company was created in November 1866; its charter members were the men who had gave the land on which the community was built. The first log home in Erie was built in 1866. The first businesses were built in 1867. By 1883, the city had two general stores, two blacksmith shops, one drug store, two hotels, one newspaper office, two churches, and more than 300 people living in the city.

Erie was incorporated on December 25, 1869. On December 30, the trustees met and said Erie was a 3rd class city.

In 1872, Erie was chosen to be the county seat of Neosho County. They defeated "Osage Mission" (later renamed Saint Paul) in an election to decide the county seat. A lawsuit was filed, and it reached the Kansas Supreme Court. The court said Erie would still be county seat.

Erie is at (37.571661, -95.241791). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Erie has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Erie has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,047 people, 418 households, and 284 families living in Erie. Of the households, 72.2% owned their home and 27.8% rented their home.

The median age was 42.2 years. Of the people, 89.5% were White, 1.0% were Asian, 0.6% were Black, 0.5% were Native American, 1.2% were from some other race, and 7.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,150 people, 463 households, and 312 families living in Erie.

The Unified School District 101 (USD 101) serves Erie, Galesburg, Stark, and Parsons in Neosho County. On September 18, 2007 the district passed a $21.9 million bond issue. They built a new high school in Erie. It opened for classes in the Fall 2010 semester.



Eureka, Kansas

Eureka is a city Greenwood County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Greenwood County. In 2020, 2,332 people lived there.

In 1857, the first settlement at Eureka was built. The first post office in Eureka was created in August 1858. Eureka was laid out in 1867, and it was incorporated in 1870. The city is named after the Greek expression Eureka, meaning "I have found it".

An EF2 tornado hit Eureka on July 7, 2016 at 9:45 pm. More than 143 total buildings, including at least 50 homes, businesses, a nursing home, and grain elevator, were damaged. No people were injured.

An EF3 tornado hit Eureka on June 26, 2018 at 7:21 pm (daylight). 175 buildings were damaged or destroyed. 78 homes were damaged (12 not livable, 10 totaled). 8 people were injured.

Eureka is at (37.822745, −96.289583). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Eureka has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Eureka has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,332 people, 1,038 households, and 568 families living in Eureka. Of the households, 65.8% owned their home and 34.2% rented their home.

The median age was 44.9 years. Of the people, 89.6% were White, 1.0% were Asian, 0.6% were Native American, 0.6% were Black, 1.0% were from some other race, and 7.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.4% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,633 people, 1,171 households, and 663 families living in Eureka.

Eureka Municipal Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport. It is two nautical miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Eureka.



La Crosse, Kansas

La Crosse is a city in Rush County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Rush County. In 2020, 1,266 people lived there. La Crosse calls itself the "Barbed Wire capital of the world."

La Crosse was created in 1876. It was named after the city of La Crosse, Wisconsin. La Crosse subsequently became the intended county seat, and county records were transferred there from the temporary county seat, nearby Rush Center. A county seat war ensued between the two communities, lasting until La Crosse was declared the permanent county seat and the construction of the county courthouse in 1888.

In the 1960s, La Crosse became a regional center of barbed wire collecting, leading to the establishment of the Kansas Barbed Wire Museum and the nicknaming of the city as "The Barbed Wire Capital of the World".

On May 25, 2012, an EF-1 tornado caused about four blocks of a lot of damage, and two businesses were destroyed. A third of the businesses had very bad damage. There were no injuries.

La Crosse is at (38.532014, -99.308614). It has an elevation of 2,057 feet (627 m). It is in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. It is about south of the Smoky Hill River and north of Walnut Creek, which is a tributary of the Arkansas River. Sand Creek, a tributary of Walnut Creek, goes southeast around the southwestern and southern parts of the city. Mule Creek, a small tributary of Sand Creek, flows southeast through the city. It is in west-central Kansas at the intersection of U.S. Route 183 and K-4. La Crosse is northwest of Wichita, west-southwest of Kansas City, and east-southeast of Denver.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

On average in La Crosse, July is the hottest month, January is the coldest month, and May is the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in La Crosse was 115 °F (46 °C) in 1954; the coldest temperature ever was -24 °F (-31 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,266 people, 547 households, and 318 families living in La Crosse. Of the households, 73.5% owned their home and 26.5% rented their home.

The median age was 45.6 years. Of the people, 94.8% were White, 0.3% were Black, 0.3% were Asian, 0.1% were Native American, 0.7% were from some other race, and 3.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,342 people, 606 households, and 350 families living in La Crosse.

La Crosse Public Schools (USD 395) controls three schools in the city.

Rush County Airport is northeast of the city. It is on the north side of K-4. It is publicly owned. It has one runway. It is used for general aviation.

A railroad of the Kansas and Oklahoma Railroad goes southeast-northwest through La Crosse.

"The Rush County News" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week in La Crosse.

La Crosse is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.


Lakin, Kansas

Lakin is a city in Kearny County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Kearny County. In 2020, 2,205 people lived there.

Lakin was created in 1874. It was named after David Long Lakin, the former treasurer of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.

A post office in Lakin was built in March 1874. In 1888, Lakin was chosen to be the county seat.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,205 people, 796 households, and 555 families living in Lakin. Of the households, 68.8% owned their home and 31.2% rented their home.

The median age was 34.8 years. Of the people, 64.0% were White, 1.2% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 11.0% were from some other race, and 22.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 37.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,216 people, 781 households, and 573 families living in Lakin.



Larned, Kansas

Larned is a city in Pawnee County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Pawnee County. In 2020, 3,769 people lived there.

Larned was planned out in 1873. The first post office in Larned was created in 1872.

The city was named after nearby Fort Larned, which operated from 1859 to 1878. It was also named after Colonel Benjamin F. Larned, U.S. Army Paymaster from July 1854 to his death September 6, 1862.

Larned is at (38.18339, -99.101261). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Larned has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Larned has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 3,769 people, 1,704 households, and 919 families living in Larned. Of the households, 64.5% owned their home and 35.5% rented their home.

The median age was 42.6 years. Of the people, 85.8% were White, 2.4% were Black, 0.6% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.7% were from some other race, and 9.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.5% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 4,054 people, 1,824 households, and 1,027 families living in Larned.

The local newspaper is "Larned Tiller & Toiler".




Omero Antonutti

Omero Antonutti (3 August 1935 – 5 November 2019) was an Italian actor. His best known roles were in "Padre Padrone", "El Sur", and Carlos Saura in "El Dorado". He also played Noah in "".

Antonutti died in Udine on 5 November 2019, at the age of 84, from cancer-related problems.


Ernest J. Gaines

Ernest James Gaines (January 15, 1933 – November 5, 2019) was an American writer. He was born in Pointe Coupee, Louisiana. His best known works were "A Lesson Before Dying", "The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" and "A Gathering of Old Men". He won the won the National Book Critics Circle Award for fiction. He was added into the "Ordre des Arts et des Lettres" (Order of Arts and Letters) as a Chevalier.

Gaines died on November 5, 2019 in Oscar, Louisiana of natural causes at the age of 86.


Leo Ryan

Leo Joseph Ryan Jr. (May 5, 1925 – November 18, 1978) was an American teacher and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the U.S. Representative from California's 11th congressional district from 1973 until his assassination as part of the Jonestown massacre in 1978.


William M. Branham

William Marrion Branham (April 6, 1909 – December 24, 1965) was an American Christian minister and faith healer. He left a lasting impact on televangelism and the modern Charismatic movement. He was seen as the "principal architect of restorationist thought" for Charismatics by some Christian historians.

Branham was killed in a car crash on Christmas Eve 1965 at the age of 56.

Cumberland County, Kentucky

Cumberland County is a county located in the Pennyroyal Plateau region of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,888. Its county seat is Burkesville.

Junius Ho

Junius Kwan-yiu Ho (born 4 June 1962) is a Hong Kong lawyer and politician. He is a former president of the Law Society of Hong Kong and chairman of the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. He was an elected member of the Tuen Mun District Council since 2015.

Baburam Bhattarai

Baburam Bhattarai (born 18 June 1954) is a Nepalese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Nepal. He has a PhD in rural development from Jawaharlal University Delhi in 1986.

Pridi Banomyong

Pridi Banomyong (, , ; 11 May 1900 – 2 May 1983), also known by his noble title Luang Praditmanutham () was a Thai politician and professor. As a Thai Regent, prime minister and senior statesman of Thailand, he also held multiple ministerial posts. He was a leader of the civilian wing of Khana Ratsadon, founder of University of Moral and Political Sciences and the Bank of Thailand.

CITES

CITES (the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora. It is also called the Washington Convention) is a multilateral treaty to protect endangered plants and animals. International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) decided to make the treaty in 1963. Countries started signing it on 3 March 1973. CITES started to have effect on 1 July 1975. 


Mirjapur

Mirjapur is a Village Development Committee (VDC) in the Narayani Zone of Southern Nepal. Now, Mirjapur is a ward of Chhipaharmai Gaupalika. At the time of 2011 Nepal census, it had a population of 4,229 people living.

Lower Mainland

The Lower Mainland (LM) is the name for the area that includes Vancouver and the surrounding cities within the Metro Vancouver Regional District and the Fraser Valley Regional District.

Fraser Valley

The Fraser Valley is a regional district in British Columbia, Canada. It was created in 1995 by combining three regional districts named Fraser-Cheam, Dewdney-Alouette and Central Fraser Valley.

The regional district includes 6 municipalities and 8 electoral areas. The district covers 13,361.74 square kilometres (5,159 square miles).

BET Awards

The BET Awards is an American award show. It started in 2001 by the Black Entertainment Television network. The award celebrates African Americans and other American minorities in music, acting, sports, and other fields of entertainment over the previous year. The awards are presented each year. They are broadcast live on BET.

Most wins (as of 2021)
Most nominations (as of 2017)
This is a list of multiple nominated performers, athletes & actors with 5 or more career nominations. Beyoncé is currently the most nominated performer with 75 nominations, solo and with Destiny's Child.

75 nominations

51 nominations

51 nominations

35 nominations

33 nominations

31 nominations

23 nominations

21 nominations

19 nominations

18 nominations

17 nominations

16 nominations

15 nominations

14 nominations

13 nominations

12 nominations

11 nominations

10 nominations

9 nominations

8 nominations

7 nominations

6 nominations

5 nominations

50 Central

50 Central is an American sketch comedy television series hosted by 50 Cent. The series premiered on BET on September 27, 2017.

Rob Moran

Rob Moran, is an actor and producer. Moran has appeared in over 60 films. He has produced a few of them.

In 1982, Moran graduated from Emerson College. In 1985, Rob and actress Julie Bryan began dating. They met on a Ford automotive commercial. They were married in 1987. In 1999, their daughter Maiya Dupree was born. In 2004, their second daughter Makayla-Amet was born.


Micro-Hydropower

A micro-hydro power (MHP) plant is a type of hydroelectric power scheme that produces electricity using a flowing stream or a water flow. Micro-hydro systems are generally used in developing countries to provide electricity to isolated communities or rural villages where electricity grid is not available. Feeding back into the national grid when electricity production is in surplus is also evident in some cases. The micro-hydro scheme design can be approached as per household basis or at the village level often involving local materials and labor

Lev Anninsky

Lev Alexandrovich Anninsky (, 7 April 1934 – 6 November 2019) was a Soviet and Russian literary critic, historian, publicist, essayist and author of more than 30 books. 

The 1970s saw the publication of several books by Anninsky, among them "Betrothed to the Idea" (on Nikolai Ostrovsky’s "How the Steel Was Tempered", 1971) and "Vasily Shukshin" (1976). Anninsky's books of the 1980s included "The Leo Hunters (Lev Tolstoy in cinema)", 1980, 1989; "Leskovian Necklace" (1982, 1885), "Contacts" (1982), "Branches Full of Sunlight" (a study on Lithuanian photography, 1984), "Nikolai Gubenko" (1986) and "The Three Heretics" (1988).

Anninsky died on 6 November 2019 in Moscow at the age of 85.


Edward Nixon

Edward Calvert Nixon (May 3, 1930 – February 27, 2019) was an American entrepreneur. He was the youngest brother of United States President Richard Nixon. He co-authored his memoir, "The Nixons: A Family Portrait", with Karen L. Olson. The book was published in 2009. He was born in Whittier, California. From 1971 until his death, Nixon was the president of Nixon World Enterprises, Inc., an international consulting service based in Washington state.

Nixon also taught as an assistant professor of naval science at the University of Washington. He was the last surviving member of the five Nixon brothers.

Nixon died on February 27, 2019 at the age of 88, at a nursing facility, in Bothell, Washington.


Bothell, Washington

Bothell () is a city in King and Snohomish counties in the U.S. state of Washington. It is part of the Seattle metropolitan area. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 33,505.

Knives Out

Knives Out is a 2019 American black comedy mystery movie written, produced and directed by Rian Johnson. The movie is about a rich family gathering gone horribly wrong, after the family patriarch's death leads a master detective to investigate.

The movie stars Daniel Craig, Chris Evans, Ana de Armas, Jamie Lee Curtis, Michael Shannon, Don Johnson, Toni Collette, Lakeith Stanfield, Katherine Langford, Jaeden Martell, M. Emmet Walsh, K Callan, Frank Oz and Christopher Plummer.

The movie had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 7, 2019 and is scheduled to be theatrically released in the United States on November 27, 2019, by Lionsgate.

The movie has strong positive reviews with Rotten Tomatoes holding an approval rating of 98% based on 100 reviews. A sequel will be released in 2022 on Netflix.

Ana de Armas

Ana Celia de Armas Caso (born 30 April 1988) is a Cuban-Spanish actress.

In 2015, she starred in her first American movie, "Knock Knock", followed by "Exposed", "Hands of Stone", and "War Dogs". In 2017, she had her breakout role as AI hologram Joi in the critically acclaimed science fiction movie "Blade Runner 2049".

MonoDevelop

MonoDevelop is an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) developed by Unity technologies for c# programming.

Katherine Langford

Katherine Langford (born 29 April 1996) is an Australian actress. She is known for her role as Hannah Baker in the first two seasons of the Netflix teen drama series "13 Reasons Why" (2017–2018). She was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama. Langford has also taken on supporting roles in the movies "Love, Simon" (2018) and "Knives Out" (2019).

Lakeith Stanfield

Lakeith Lee Stanfield (born August 12, 1991), sometimes credited as Keith Stanfield, is an American actor, poet and rapper.

He is known for his role as Jimmie Lee Jackson in "Selma" (2014), Snoop Dogg in "Straight Outta Compton" (2015), and Patrick Haynes in "Snowden" (2016).

Since 2016, he has starred as Darius Epps in the FX comedy-drama series "Atlanta".


Redlining

In the United States and Canada, redlining is the process of denying services to residents of specific neighborhoods or communities, usually neighborhoods with non-White people, either directly or by raising prices. It is often seen as a modern day version of segregation. 

The best known examples of redlining have involved denial of financial services such as banking or insurance. In the United States in the middle of the twentieth century, banks considered it risky to give mortgages to people in neighborhoods where most people were in ethnic minority groups, so they made them pay more money or refused to give them mortgages at all. As a result, ethnic minorities accumulated less wealth than White people. Redlining has also occurred in when other services such as health care (see also Race and health) or even supermarkets have been denied to residents. 

K Callan

K Callan (born Katherine Elizabeth Borman; January 9, 1936) is an American author and actress. She is best known for playing Clark Kent's mother Martha in the ABC television series "".

Leoti, Kansas

Leoti, pronounced "Lee-OH-Tah." is a city in Wichita County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Wichita County. In 2020, 1,475 people lived there.

Leoti was created in 1885. It was created by a group of men from Garden City, Kansas. In 1887, it was involved in the bloodiest county seat fight in the history of the American West. The shooting was on February 27, 1887. Men—some would say hired gunmen—from Leoti, went to the nearby, rival town of Coronado. The gunmen left several people dead and wounded.

There are disagreements about where the name "Leoti" came from: one tradition says the name is an Indian term for "prairie flower"; another says the town was named for settler Leoti Kibbee; a third says it was named for Leoti Gray, the daughter of a town creator. 

Leoti is at (38.483388, -101.357648). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Leoti has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,475 people, 589 households, and 375 families living in Leoti. Of the households, 72.2% owned their home and 27.8% rented their home.

The median age was 36.9 years. Of the people, 64.3% were White, 1.2% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 17.2% were from some other race, and 17.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 39.7% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,534 people, 607 households, and 419 families living in Leoti.

Leoti is served by USD 467 Wichita County Schools. The Wichita County High School mascot is Wichita County Indians.

Before school unification, Leoti High School also used the Indians mascot.



Lindsay Hoyle

Sir Lindsay Harvey Hoyle (born 10 June 1957) is a British politician. He has been the Speaker of the House of Commons since 2019. He has been a Member of Parliament (MP) for Chorley since 1997. He was a Labour Party MP. However, he was elected as speaker so he has been independent from 2019.

As a Labour MP, Hoyle was Chairman of Ways and Means and Deputy Speaker to John Bercow from 2010 to 2019, before being elected as Speaker on 4 November 2019.

Speaker of the House of Commons (United Kingdom)

The Speaker of the House of Commons directs the House. The Speaker is the chief executive of the House of Commons, the lower house and primary chamber of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. 

The current Speaker, Sir Lindsay Hoyle was elected Speaker on 4 November 2019, following the resignation of John Bercow.

Unlike many other speakers of parliaments, such as the Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives, the Speaker of the House of Commons is not a member of a political party; if the Speaker was a member of a political party before becoming Speaker, then he or she must leave that party first.

There is one living former Speaker:
! Position
! colspan=3|Current Holder
! Term Started
! width=100|Political Party
! Constituency
! style="background-color: " |
! style="background-color: " |
! style="background-color: " |
S. I. Hayakawa

Samuel Ichiye Hayakawa (July 18, 1906 – February 27, 1992) was a Canadian-born American academic and politician. He was of Japanese ancestry. He was a professor of English. He was the president of San Francisco State University, and then as U.S. Senator from California from 1977 to 1983.


Joe Ricketts

John Joseph Ricketts (born July 16, 1941) is an American businessman and philanthropist. He is the founder, former CEO and former chairman of TD Ameritrade. He had a net worth of US$2.7 billion as of 2019 according to "Forbes". Ricketts also engages in philanthropy through The Ricketts Art Foundation, Opportunity Education Foundation, The Cloisters on the Platte Foundation, and The Ricketts Conservation Foundation.

List of governors of Nebraska

The Governor of Nebraska holds the "supreme executive power" of the U.S. state of Nebraska. The current office holder is Jim Pillen, a Republican, who was sworn in on January 5, 2022.


Wadden Sea

The Wadden Sea is a part of the North Sea. It is an intertidal zone, up to wide. It runs from the Netherlands to the South of Denmark. It is up to of coastline. The land that appears at low tide is called mudflat in English (and Watt in German). It is at the origin of the latter name.

Lincoln Center, Kansas

Lincoln Center, more commonly known as Lincoln, is a city in Lincoln County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Lincoln County. In 2020, 1,171 people lived there.

Settler George Green created the town of Lincoln in 1870. He named it after the county. "Center" was added to its name to indicate its location in the central part of the county. County residents initially voted to place the county seat in Lincoln Center. However, elections in November 1870 led to the seat being moved to nearby Abram. This started a county seat war. Another vote in February 1872 reversed the switch, and Lincoln Center became the permanent county seat. The people moved all the buildings in Abram to Lincoln, combining the two communities. In 1879, the town was incorporated as the city of Lincoln Center. It is still officially called "Lincoln Center" in the United States Census. However, both the city government and local chamber of commerce call the city Lincoln. It shows as "Lincoln" on state maps and signs.

In 1906, the city's first power plant opened, providing electric power. By 1950, the state highway commission had completed K-14 and K-18 through Lincoln.

In 1989, because Lincoln had been using post rock limestone in local buildings for so long, the Kansas Legislature named Lincoln County as "The Post Rock Capital of Kansas".

Lincoln Center is at (39.041744, -98.146760). It has an elevation of . The city is on the north side of the Saline River. It is in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. Yauger Creek, a tributary of the Saline River, goes south along the eastern edge of the city. It goes until its confluence with the Saline just south of the city. The confluence of the Saline and Lost Creek, another of the river's tributaries, is southwest of the city. It is at the intersection of Kansas Highway 14 (K-14) and Kansas Highway 18 (K-18) in north-central Kansas. Lincoln Center is northwest of Wichita, west of Kansas City, and east-southeast of Denver.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Lincoln Center has hot, humid summers and cold, dry winters. The average temperature is 55.1 °F (12 °C), and the average precipitation per year is 27.4 inches (69 cm). Snowfall averages 19.3 inches (49 cm) per year. On average, July is the warmest month, January is the coldest month, and May is the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Lincoln was 117 °F (47 °C) in 1947; the coldest temperature ever was -27 °F (-33 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 United States Census says that there were 1,171 people, 522 households, and 296 families living in Lincoln Center. Of the households, 70.9% owned their home and 29.1% rented their home.

The median age was 45.0 years. Of the people, 89.8% were White, 0.7% were Asian, 0.5% were Black, 0.3% were Native American, 3.7% were from some other race, and 5.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.5% of the people.

The 2010 United States Census says that there were 1,297 people, 576 households, and 324 families living in Lincoln Center.

Lincoln Unified School District 298 (USD 298) controls two public schools in Lincoln Center: Lincoln Elementary School (Grades Pre-K-6) and Lincoln Junior/Senior High School (7-12).

Lincoln Municipal Airport is about a mile northwest of Lincoln Center on K-18. It is used for general aviation

A railroad of the Kansas and Oklahoma Railroad goes through the west side of the city.

"The Lincoln Sentinel-Republican" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week.



Lyndon, Kansas

Lyndon is a city in Osage County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Osage County. In 2020, 1,037 people lived there.

Lyndon was created in 1869. It was created after the land in the area was taken from the Sac and Fox Nation and opened for settlement. It was named after Lyndon, Vermont.

Lyndon is at (38.610233, -95.685352). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Lyndon has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Lyndon has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Lyndon is part of the Topeka metropolitan area.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,037 people, 424 households, and 291 families living in Lyndon. Of the households, 72.9% owned their home and 27.1% rented their home.

The median age was 35.1 years. Of the people, 94.4% were White, 0.1% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.1% were from some other race, and 5.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,052 people, 422 households, and 285 families living in Lyndon.


Lyons, Kansas

Lyons is a city in Rice County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Rice County. In 2020, 3,611 people lived there.

Lyons was originally called Atlanta, and it was created in 1870. Its name changed to Lyons in 1876, in honor of Freeman J. Lyons.

In 1878, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and people from Marion County and McPherson County started the Marion and McPherson Railway Company. In 1879, a railroad was built from Florence to McPherson. In 1880, it was extended to Lyons. In 1881, it was extended to Ellinwood. The line was controlled by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The line from Florence to Marion, was left in 1968. In 1992, the line from Marion to McPherson was sold to Central Kansas Railway. In 1993, because of heavy flood damage, the line from Marion to McPherson was left. The original branch line connected Florence, Marion, Canada, Hillsboro, Lehigh, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Conway, Windom, Little River, Mitchell, Lyons, Chase, and Ellinwood.

Lyons was incorporated as a city in 1880, the same year the railroad was built through it.

In 1890, the Western Salt Company built its first shaft to mine salt in Lyons.

In the 1970s, the federal government was interested in using a local area to bury high-level nuclear waste.

Lyons is at (38.344962, -98.202493). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen climate classification says that Lyons has a humid continental climate, "Dfa" on climate maps. 

The 2020 census says that there were 3,611 people, 1,462 households, and 946 families living in Lyons. Of the households, 67.5% owned their home and 32.5% rented their home.

The median age was 38.1 years. Of the people, 74.5% were White, 1.1% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 8.1% were from some other race, and 15.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 25.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 3,739 people, 1,503 households, and 952 families living in Lyons.



Mankato, Kansas

Mankato is a city in Jewell County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Jewell County. In 2020, 836 people lived there.

Mankato was first called Jewell Center. It planned out in 1872. It was renamed to Mankato in 1880, it was named after Mankato, Minnesota. Mankato was incorporated as a city in 1880.

The first post office in the town was created in August 1872. It was first called "Jewell Center." The post office was renamed to Mankato in April 1880.

Mankato is at (39.787220, -98.209274). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The 2020 census says that there were 836 people, 404 households, and 217 families living in Mankato. Of the households, 70.3% owned their home and 29.7% rented their home.

The median age was 50.0 years. Of the people, 92.2% were White, 0.8% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, 0.2% were Black, 0.8% were from some other race, and 5.1% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 869 people, 405 households, and 242 families living in Mankato.

Mankato has USD 107 Rock Hills. The Rock Hills High School mascot is the Grizzlies.

Before school unification, Mankato was home to Mankato High School. Its mascot was the Cougars. The Mankato Cougars won the Kansas State High School boys class B basketball championship in 1943.



Marion, Kansas

Marion is a city in Marion County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Marion County. It was named after Francis Marion, a Brigadier General of the American Revolutionary War, known as the "Swamp Fox". In 2020, 1,922 people lived there.

The city of Marion Centre was created in 1860. It became the county seat. A post office was created in Marion Centre on September 30, 1862. It was renamed to Marion on October 15, 1881. The namesake of the city is Francis Marion.

As early as 1875, city leaders of Marion had a meeting to consider a branch railroad from Florence. In 1878, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and people from Marion County and McPherson County started the Marion and McPherson Railway Company. In 1879, a railroad was built from Florence to McPherson. In 1880 it was extended to Lyons. In 1881 it was extended to Ellinwood. The line was used by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The line from Florence to Marion, was left in 1968. In 1992, the line from Marion to McPherson was sold to Central Kansas Railway. In 1993, because of heavy flood damage, the line from Marion to McPherson was left. The original railroad connected Florence, Marion, Canada, Hillsboro, Lehigh, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Conway, Windom, Little River, Mitchell, Lyons, Chase, Ellinwood. Later, the Santa Fe depot building became the Marion Library. Most locals still refer to this railroad as the "Santa Fe".

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad north-south from Herington through Marion to Caldwell. It closed in 1891. It was taken over by Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, which closed in 1980 and became the Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad. It merged 1988 with Missouri Pacific Railroad. It merged in 1997 with Union Pacific Railroad. Most locals still call this railroad as the "Rock Island".

In 1888, Marion incorporated as a city. In 1889, the Marion Belt and Chingawasa Springs Railroad built a railroad from Marion north-east to Chingawasa Springs. A hotel was built near the place of the spa at Chingawasa Springs. A depot and restaurant were built too. Both Santa Fe and Rock Island had round trip fares from Chicago and western cities to Chingawasa Springs. The Panic of 1893 closed down the health spa and hotel, and businesses along the tracks never developed well. In 1893, the railroad stopped, and tracks were removed in 1910.

The National Old Trails Road, also called the Ocean-to-Ocean Highway, was created in 1912, and it went through Lehigh, Hillsboro, Marion and Lost Springs.

In 1937, the Marion County Lake was completed by the Civilian Conservation Corps south-east of Marion. It was to be used for recreation. There were many floods during the early history of Marion. In June and July 1951, due to heavy rains, rivers and streams flooded many cities in Kansas, including Marion. Many reservoirs and levees were built in Kansas because of the Great Flood of 1951. From 1964 to 1968, the Marion Reservoir was built north-west of Marion. Downstream from the Marion Reservoir, levees were built in the low areas of Marion and Florence.

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was built west of Marion, north to south through Marion County. There was a lot of controversy over road damage, tax exemption, and environmental concerns (if a leak ever happens).

Marion is at (38.348952, −97.016037). It is in the Flint Hills. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Marion has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Marion has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,922 people, 860 households, and 502 families living in Marion. Of the households, 70.5% owned their home and 29.5% rented their home.

The median age was 46.3 years. Of the people, 94.2% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Asian, 0.3% were from some other race, and 4.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,927 people, 846 households, and 514 families living in Marion.

Marion has five listings on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).


Marion is part of Unified School District 408. The high school is a member of T.E.E.N.. It is a network of educational videos, and it is shared between five area high schools.


The Oklahoma Kansas Texas (OKT) railroad of the Union Pacific Railroad goes north-south through the city.

Marion Municipal Airport, FAA:43K, is located south-east of Marion and centered at .




Xia Peisu

Xia Peisu was a Chinese computer scientist and Teacher. She is known for her research in computer science and technology. She has been called the "Mother of Computer Science in China". Xia took the lead on the team that made the Model 107. This was the first computer designed locally in China. She and her husband Yang Liming were elected to the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1991. In 2010, she was given the first Lifetime Achievement Award from the China Computer Federation.

Xia was born on 28 July 1923 in Chongqing, Sichuan. Her grandfather, Xia Fengxun (夏风薰) had spent forty years as a teacher. Her father, Xia Hongru (夏鸿儒), ran a school in Jiangjin County, Chongqing. Her mother, Huang Xiaoyong (黄孝永), was a teacher at the Jiangjin Girls' Middle School and headmistress of Jiangjin Girls' Primary School.

Xia learned ancient Chinese prose and mathematics at a young age. At fourteen years old, she was accepted into Nanyu Secondary School (now Chongqing Nankai Secondary School). In this school she was at the top of her class. In 1939, Xia moved to the National No. Nine Middle School in Jiangjin County. She graduated high school in 1940 at the top of her class. After that she started in electrical engineering at the National Central University.

She later earned a bachelor's degree. After this she did postgraduate studies at the Telecommunications Research Institute of National Chiao Tung University (Chongqing) from 1945 to 1947. In 1947, she went to the University of Edinburgh in the United Kingdom. She earned a doctorate there in 1950.

Xia and her husband Yang Liming returned to China in 1951. She then became a researcher in the Department of Electrical Engineering at Tsinghua University.

In 1952, mathematician Hua Luogeng started work on China's first electronic computer. He recruited Xia and two other scientists to lead the project. Later the two other scientists left the project, which left Xia to be the only leader of it. Under her leadership, the project made Model 107 in 1958. This was the first electric computer designed in China.

Over the years her work resulted in other advances and discoveries.

In March 1956, Xia taught China's first course in computer theory. She also wrote "Principles of the Electronic Computer" which was the first computer science textbook in China. When the University of Science and Technology of China was founded in 1958, Xia set up its computer science department. She taught more than 700 students from 1956 to 1962.

She helped to start the "Chinese Journal of Computers" in 1978 and the "Journal of Computer Science and Technology" in 1986.

Xia advised more than 60 graduate students. Two of these won top national prizes for their theses.

She taught , who led the development of the Sugon supercomputers. She also taught , who designed the Loongson CPU.

When the first locally designed CPU in China was made in 2002, it was named Xia-50 in her honor.

In 1991, Xia and her husband were elected to the Chinese Academy of Sciences. She also received first Lifetime Achievement Award from the China Computer Federation.

In 1945, Xia met Yang Liming. They married in 1950, when they were both at the University of Edinburgh. Yang later became a theoretical physicist. They had two sons, Yang Yuenian and Yang Yuemin.

Xia died on 27 August 2014, aged 91.


Meade, Kansas

Meade is a city in Meade County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Meade County. In 2020, 1,505 people lived there.

Meade was planned out and incorporated in 1885. It was named after Gen. George Meade.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Meade has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,505 people, 611 households, and 382 families living in Meade. Of the households, 69.7% owned their home and 30.3% rented their home.

The median age was 42.4 years. Of the people, 86.2% were White, 1.2% were Black, 0.9% were Asian, 0.3% were Native American, 2.7% were from some other race, and 8.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,721 people, 670 households, and 454 families living in Meade.


Mound City, Kansas

Mound City is a city in Linn County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Linn County. In 2020, 647 people lived there. It is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.

Mound City was created in 1855. It was named from Sugar Mound nearby, a hill covered with sugar maple trees.

During the Civil War, a military post was created at Mound City. On October 25, 1864, Mound City was attacked twice by Confederates retreating south. They were retreating after their defeat at the Battle of Westport. The military post was closed in June 1865 after the end of the war.

Mound City is at (38.142026, -94.812186). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Mound City has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system, Mound City has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 647 people, 285 households, and 183 families living in Mound City. Of the households, 77.5% owned their home and 22.5% rented their home.

The median age was 43.4 years. Of the people, 92.9% were White, 0.9% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 0.9% were from some other race, and 4.2% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.6% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 694 people, 297 households, and 177 families living in Mound City.

Mound City is served by Jayhawk USD 346. The district high school is Jayhawk-Linn High School.

Before school unification, the Mound City High School mascot was the Eagles.


Oakley, Kansas

Oakley is a city in Gove, Logan, and Thomas counties in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is also the county seat of Logan County. In 2020, 2,046 people lived there.

The area that would become Oakley was settled in the 1870s and 1880s by people on the Smoky Hill Trail. Oakley was created in 1884 by Judge Fredman and David D. Hoag. It was first named Carlyle. Its name was changed to Cleveland. The name changed again to Oakley in 1885. It was named after Hoag's mother, Elizabeth Oakley Gardner Hoag.

Oakley is at (39.128023, -100.854490). It has an elevation of 3,064 feet (934 m). It is about 1 mile (1.6 km) south of the South Fork of the Saline River in the High Plains region of the Great Plains.

The city is at the intersection of Interstate 70, U.S. Route 40, and U.S. Route 83 in northwest Kansas. It is in the northeast corner of Logan County, and portions of it extend into Gove County and Thomas County. Oakley is about 211 miles (340 km) northwest of Wichita, 227 miles east-southeast of Denver, and 335 miles (539 km) west of Kansas City.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Oakley has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Oakley has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 2,046 people, 896 households, and 540 families living in Oakley. Of the households, 68.3% owned their home and 31.7% rented their home.

The median age was 40.1 years. Of the people, 90.0% were White, 0.5% were Asian, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 3.9% were from some other race, and 5.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.3% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 2,045 people, 920 households, and 562 families living in Oakley.

"The Oakley Graphic" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week. The first edition of the newspaper was published on November 22, 1889.


Oberlin, Kansas

Oberlin is a city in Decatur County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Decatur County. In 2020, 1,644 people lived there.

Oberlin was platted as a town in 1878. It was named after Oberlin, Ohio.

The first post office in Oberlin was created in April 1878.

On September 30, 1878, Northern Cheyenne were running from the Indian Territory to their homes in the north. The Northern Cheyenne Exodus, attacked people near Oberlin.

Oberlin was incorporated as a city in 1885.

Oberlin is at (39.82304, -100.530737). It has an elevation of 2,569 feet (783 m). It is on the northwest side of Sappa Creek, a tributary of the Republican River, in the High Plains region of the Great Plains. It is at the intersection of U.S. Route 36 and U.S. Route 83 in northwest Kansas. Oberlin is northwest of Wichita, east of Denver, and west-northwest of Kansas City.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

Oberlin has a humid continental climate (Köppen "Dfa"). It has hot, dry summers and cold, dry winters. The average temperature in Oberlin is 52 °F (11 °C). Temperatures hotter than 90 °F (32 °C) happen on average 62 days per year and dropping below 32 °F (0 °C) an average of 158 days a year. Oberlin gets precipitation 66 days a year and snowfall happens 11 days a year. Precipitation averages 23 inches (574 mm) per year, and snowfall averages 32 inches (80 cm) per year. On average, January is the coldest month, and July is both the hottest month and the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Oberlin was 111 °F (44 °C) in 1954; the coldest temperature ever was -31 °F (-35 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,644 people, 771 households, and 428 families living in Oberlin. Of the households, 72.6% owned their home and 27.4% rented their home.

The median age was 49.1 years. Of the people, 93.3% were White, 0.4% were Black, 0.4% were Asian, 0.2% were Native American, 0.4% were from some other race, and 5.3% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.2% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,788 people, 824 households, and 477 families living in Oberlin.

Oberlin USD 294 has two public schools in the city: Oberlin Elementary School (Grades Pre-K-6) and Decatur Community Junior/Senior High School (7-12).

"The Oberlin Herald" is Oberlin's only newspaper. It is published once per week.

Oberlin is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market. NBC affiliate KSNK is licensed to McCook, Nebraska. It broadcasts on channel 8 from studios west of Oberlin. KSNK is a satellite station of KSNW in Wichita.



List of governors of Delaware

The Governor of Delaware (President of Delaware from 1776 to 1792) is the head of the executive branch of Delaware's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

The current governor is Democrat John Carney, who took office on January 17, 2017.


Mike Castle

Michael Newbold Castle (born July 2, 1939) is an American attorney and politician. He was the Governor of Delaware (1985–92) and the U.S. Representative for (1993–2011). He is a member of the Republican Party.

He unsuccessfully ran for the United States Senate for the 2010 special election.


Osborne, Kansas

Osborne is a city in Osborne County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Osborne County. In 2020, 1,335 people lived there.

People from southeastern Pennsylvania created Osborne City in May 1871. They named the settlement after Vincent B. Osborne, a Union Army veteran of the American Civil War. Osborne County also is named after him. Osborne City became the permanent county seat in November 1872. In May 1873, a district judge officially said it was a city, but the townspeople did not create a government. Five years later, a second attempt was successful, and the settlement incorporated as a city in 1878. "City" was dropped from its name by the mid-1890s.

A bridge was built at Osborne over the Solomon River in 1878.

Osborne is at (39.440452, -98.699469). It has an elevation of . It is at the intersection of U.S. Route 281 and U.S. Route 24 in north-central Kansas. It is about northwest of Wichita, west-northwest of Kansas City, and east of Denver.

Osborne is on the north side of the South Fork Solomon River in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. The Osborne Canal, which is part of the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation's Webster Unit Project, goes east along the northern edge of the city.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

On average in Osborne, July is the warmest month, January is the coldest month, and May is the wettest month. The hottest temperature ever in Osborne was 116 °F (47 °C) in 1940; the coldest temperature ever was -31 °F (-35 °C) in 1989.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,335 people, 602 households, and 349 families living in Osborne. Of the households, 74.9% owned their home and 25.1% rented their home.

The median age was 48.6 years. Of the people, 94.5% were White, 0.6% were Asian, 0.4% were Native American, 0.1% were Black, 0.7% were from some other race, and 3.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,431 people, 633 households, and 390 families living in Osborne.

Osborne is a city of the second class. It has a mayor-council form of government.

Osborne Municipal Airport is southeast of the city. It is used mostly for general aviation.

Osborne is the western endpoint of a line of the Kyle Railroad. The city is also the northwestern endpoint of a railroad of the Kansas and Oklahoma Railroad.

The "Osborne County Farmer" is the local newspaper. It is published once per week.

Osborne is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.



List of governors of Georgia

The governor of Georgia is the head of the executive branch of Georgia's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

The current governor is Republican Brian Kemp, who took office on January 14, 2019.

Roy Barnes

Roy Eugene Barnes (born March 11, 1948) is an American attorney and politician. He was the 80th Governor of Georgia from 1999 to 2003. 


Mableton, Georgia

Mableton is a census-designated place in Cobb County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2010 census, Mableton had a population of 37,115. 

Governor of Maine

The Governor of Maine is the chief executive of the State of Maine. 

The current Governor of Maine is Janet Mills, a Democrat, who took office January 2, 2019. 

The governor of Maine receives a salary of $70,000, which is the lowest by $20,000 of the 50 state governors.

List of governors of Maine

The Governor of Maine is the head of the executive branch of Maine's state government and the commander-in-chief of its military forces. The governor has a duty to enforce state laws,

The current governor is Democrat Janet Mills, who took office on January 2, 2019.


John Baldacci

John Elias Baldacci (born January 30, 1955) is an American politician. He was the 73rd Governor of Maine from 2003 to 2011. He was a Democrat, he also was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1995 to 2003.

Oskaloosa, Kansas

Oskaloosa is a city in Jefferson County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Jefferson County. In 2020, 1,110 people lived there.

Oskaloosa was created in 1856. It was named after the city of Oskaloosa, Iowa. The first post office in Oskaloosa was created in November 1856.

In 1888, Oskaloosa people elected Mary D. Lowman mayor with a city council composed entirely of women. This makes the city the first in Kansas to elect a city administration that has only women.

Oskaloosa is at (39.215988, -95.314713). It is at the intersection of U.S. Route 59 and K-92, about 15 miles north of Lawrence. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Oskaloosa has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Oskaloosa has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

Oskaloosa is part of the Topeka, Kansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census there were 1,110 people, 411 households, and 255 families living in Oskaloosa. Of the households, 68.9% owned their home and 31.1% rented their home.

The median age was 38.7 years. Of the people, 91.8% were White, 0.5% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.3% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 0.9% were from some other race, and 6.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.6% of the people.

The 2010 census there were 1,113 people, 435 households, and 281 families living in Oskaloosa.



List of governors of Mississippi

The governor of Mississippi is the head of the executive branch of Mississippi's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.



Ronnie Musgrove

David Ronald "Ronnie" Musgrove (born July 29, 1956) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the 29th Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi from January 16, 1996 to January 11, 2000 and as the 62nd Governor of Mississippi from January 11, 2000 to January 13, 2004.

He was defeated by incumbent Senator Roger Wicker in a 2008 special election for one of Mississippi's seats in the U.S. Senate.

In 2014, he became founding partner of a new law firm in Jackson, Mississippi, Musgrove/Smith Law.

Tocowa, Mississippi

Tocowa is a Ghost town located just outside Batesville in Panola County, Mississippi, United States.

Kirk Fordice

Daniel Kirkwood "Kirk" Fordice Jr. (February 10, 1934 – September 7, 2004), was an American politician and businessman. He was the 61st Governor of Mississippi from 1992 to 2000. He was the first Republican governor of the state since Reconstruction-era and the first governor elected to two consecutive four-year terms. Fordice was a staunch conservative.

Oswego, Kansas

Oswego is a city in Labette County, Kansas, United States, and situated along the Neosho River. It is also the county seat of Labette County. In 2020, 1,668 people lived there.

The first newspaper was the "Oswego Register". It was created in 1868 by E.R. Trask. The first church was the Congregational, which was created in May 1868. The Presbyterian church was created in July 1868. The first school was created in 1867. The public library association was created in 1877. It still exists as Oswego Public Library, which is a Carnegie Library. The telephone system was put in operation in 1882; the waterworks in 1887; and the first electric lights were turned on on July 12, 1888. The lights were turned off a few months later.

In 2011, the City Council voted to annex the Oswego Municipal Airport into the city limits. This made Oswego be in neighboring Cherokee County.

Oswego isat (37.167728, -95.109453). The city is about north of the Oklahoma state line and west of the Missouri line. It is along the southern bluffs, overlooking the Neosho River valley. It is at the junction of U.S. Route 59 and U.S. Route 160. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Oswego has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Oswego has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

The 2020 census says that there were 1,668 people, 678 households, and 427 families living in Oswego. Of the households, 68.4% owned their home and 31.6% rented their home.

The median age was 42.3 years. Of the people, 86.4% were White, 2.6% were Native American, 1.6% were Black, 0.2% were Pacific Islanders, 0.1% were Asian, 1.1% were from some other race, and 7.9% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.0% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 1,829 people, 763 households, and 476 families living in Oswego.

The Oswego-Service Valley Unified School District 504 serves Oswego.

Oswego is served by the Oswego Public Library (OPL), which is a Carnegie Library. OPL has a big collection of books, DVDs, periodicals, audio books, and videos. Internet access is also available through the use of computers or the Library's free Wi-Fi.

"Labette Avenue" is a weekly newspaper that covers mostly local stories and events. "Labette Avenue" is based in Oswego and serves the rural areas of Labette County, Kansas.

The "Parsons Sun", a newspaper published every day in Parsons, also covers Oswego. The nearest major newspaper is the Joplin Globe.

Oswego is in the Joplin, Missouri/Pittsburg, Kansas broadcast market area. It gets most its television and radio signals from those two cities. KGGF 690 AM Coffeyville covers SE Kansas and Broadcasts from its tower site in Mound Valley.



List of governors of Nevada

The Governor of Nevada is the chief magistrate of the U.S. state of Nevada, the head of the executive department of Nevada's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

The current governor is Republican Joe Lombardo, who took office on January 2, 2023.

"Prior to becoming a territory, parts of Nevada were part of Utah Territory and New Mexico Territory; see List of governors of Utah and List of governors of New Mexico."

List of governors of Utah

The Governor of Utah is the head of the executive branch of Utah's state government and the commander-in-chief of its military forces.

List of governors of New Mexico

The following is a list of the governors of the state of New Mexico (Spanish: Gobernadores de Nuevo México) and New Mexico Territory.

David Cargo

David Francis Cargo (January 13, 1929 – July 5, 2013) was the 22nd governor of New Mexico, between 1967 and 1971.

Bruce King

Bruce King (April 6, 1924 – November 13, 2009) was an American businessman and politician. He was a three non-consecutive four-year terms as the Governor of New Mexico. King was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the longest-serving governor in New Mexico history, with 12 years of service.

He died on November 13, 2009 in Stanley, New Mexico of heart failure at the age of 85.

Governor of North Dakota

The Governor of North Dakota is the head of the executive branch of government of North Dakota and serves as the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

There is no limit to the number of terms a governor may serve, if elected.


List of governors of North Dakota

The Governor of North Dakota is the chief executive of the U.S. state of North Dakota. The current Governor is Doug Burgum.


Allen I. Olson

Allen Ingvar Olson (born November 5, 1938) is an American Republican politician and attorney. He was the 28th Governor of North Dakota from 1981 to 1985.

Governor of Oregon

The Governor of Oregon is the head of the executive branch of Oregon's state government and serves as the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The title of governor was also applied to the office of Oregon's chief executive during the provisional and U.S. territorial governments.

The current governor of Oregon is Tina Kotek.


List of governors of Oregon

This article lists the individuals who have served as Governor of Oregon between 1841 and 1843 to the present day.

Governor of South Dakota

The governor of South Dakota is the head of the executive branch of the government of the U.S. state of South Dakota. The governor is elected to a four-year term in even years when there is no presidential election.

The current governor is Kristi Noem, a member of the Republican Party who took office on January 5, 2019.

List of governors of South Dakota

The Governor of South Dakota is the chief executive of the U.S. state of South Dakota. The current Governor is Republican Kristi Noem, serving since 2019.


Bill Janklow

William John Janklow (September 13, 1939January 12, 2012) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He holds the record for the longest tenure as Governor of South Dakota: sixteen years in office. Janklow has the second longest gubernatorial tenure in post-Constitutional U.S. history at 5,851 days.

Gary Locke

Gary Faye Locke (born January 21, 1950) is an American politician. He was the 10th United States ambassador to China (2011–14). He was the 21st Governor of Washington (1997–2005) and served in the Obama administration as United States Secretary of Commerce (2009–11).

Locke is the first governor in the United States of East Asian descent, and is the only Chinese American ever to have served as a governor of any state. He was also the first Chinese American to serve as the U.S. ambassador to China.

Dixy Lee Ray

Dixy Lee Ray (September 3, 1914 – January 2, 1994) was an American scientist and politician. She was the 17th Governor of the U.S. state of Washington. She was the state's first female governor and was in office during the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens. She was defeated in the Democratic primary in 1980 by Jim McDermott, who in turn lost the gubernatorial election to John Spellman.


Booth Gardner

Booth Gardner (August 21, 1936 – March 15, 2013) was an American politician. He was the 19th governor of the U.S. state of Washington between 1985 and 1993. He also was the ambassador of the GATT. He was a Democrat.

Gardner died at his home in Tacoma, Washington on March 15, 2013, of Parkinson's disease. He was 76.

List of governors of West Virginia

The Governor of West Virginia is the head of the executive branch of West Virginia's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

The current governor is Republican Jim Justice, who assumed office on January 16, 2017. West Virginia's 36th governor, Justice was elected as a Democrat, but switched to the Republican Party on August 4 of that year.


Cecil H. Underwood

Cecil Harland Underwood (November 5, 1922 – November 24, 2008) was an American Republican Party politician. 

He was the 25th and 32nd Governor of West Virginia from 1957 to 1961, and from 1997 to 2001.

Underwood was both the youngest and the oldest person ever to serve as Governor of West Virginia. He was a Methodist.

Gaston Caperton

William Gaston Caperton III (born February 21, 1940) is an American politician. He was the 31st Governor of West Virginia from 1989 to 1997. He was president of the College Board, which administers the nationally recognized SAT and AP tests, from 1999 to 2012. 

He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Bob Wise

Robert Ellsworth Wise Jr. (born January 6, 1948) is an American politician. He is a member of the Democrat, Wise was the 33rd Governor of West Virginia from January 2001 to January 2005. He also was in the United States House of Representatives from 1983 until 2001.

List of mayors of Washington, D.C.

Below is a list of mayors of Washington, D.C. and associated political entities.

Since 1975, the District has been administered by a popularly elected mayor and district council.


Sharon Pratt

Sharon Pratt (born January 30, 1944), formerly Sharon Pratt Dixon and Sharon Pratt Kelly, is an American attorney and politician. She was the third Mayor of the District of Columbia from 1991 to 1995. Pratt was the first African American woman to serve as mayor of a major American city.

Mayor of the District of Columbia

The Mayor of the District of Columbia is the head of the executive branch of the government of the District of Columbia, in the United States. The mayor has the duty to enforce district laws, and the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Council of the District of Columbia, in the United States. The mayor's office oversees an annual district budget of $8.8 billion.

Anthony A. Williams

Anthony Allen Williams (born July 28, 1951) is an American politician who was the fourth person to serve as Mayor of the District of Columbia, for two terms, from 1999 to 2007.

Flag of Washington, D.C.

The flag of Washington, D.C. is made up of three red stars above two red bars on a white background. It is an armorial banner based on the design of the coat of arms granted to George Washington's great-great-great-grandfather, Lawrence Washington.

List of governors of American Samoa

This is a list of governors, etc. of the part of the Samoan Islands (now comprising American Samoa) under United States administration since 1900.

There are two living former governor of American Samoa. The most recent-serving governor to die was Frank Barnett (1976–1977), on July 15, 2016.

Togiola Tulafono

Togiola Talalelei A. Tulafono (born February 28, 1947) is an American Samoan politician and lawyer. He as the 56th Governor of American Samoa. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Tulafono did not run for governor in 2012 as he was term-limited and could not seek a third consecutive term. He was an unsuccessful candidate for American Samoa's at-large congressional district in 2014.

List of governors of Guam

The Governor of Guam (Chamorro: "I Maga'låhen/Maga'håga Guåhan" ) is the chief executive of the Government of Guam and the commander-in-chief of the Guam National Guard.

The current governor is Lou Leon Guerrero, a Democrat who was inaugurated on January 7, 2019 following her election in 2018.

List of governors of the Northern Mariana Islands

The following is a list of persons who served as Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. The term of office is 4 years. The longest-serving governor in CNMI history is Pedro Tenorio, who served 12 years in office from 1982 to 1990 and again from 1998 to 2002.


List of governors of the United States Virgin Islands

The Governor of the United States Virgin Islands is the chief executive of the Government of the Virgin Islands whose responsibilities also include making the annual State of the Territory addresses to the Virgin Islands Legislature.


, four former governors were alive. The most recent governor to die was John David Merwin (1958–1961), on March 17, 2013.

Roy L. Schneider

Roy Lester Schneider (born May 13, 1939) is a physician in the United States Virgin Islands who was the fifth elected governor of that territory from January 5, 1995 to January 4, 1999. He was the fifth elected governor of that territory and the 26th overall.

List of prime ministers of Czechoslovakia

The Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia (, ) was the head of government of Czechoslovakia, from the creation of the First Czechoslovak Republic in 1918 until the dissolution of the Czech and Slovak Federative Republic in 1992.

Rajni KC

Rajni KC is the pratinidhi sabha candidate from Kaski-2. After the helicopter crash of Rabindra Prasad Adhikari this seat was vacant. KC has been worked with congress since last 8 years. But she joined Sajha Party and be central committee member. She was vice chancellor at Pokhara University.

Jan Stráský

Jan Stráský (24 December 1940 – 6 November 2019) was a Czech politician. He was the last Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia serving in 1992.

He died on November 6, 2019 in the Czech capital at age 78.

