Catherine Paysan

Annie Hausen (4 August 1926 – 22 April 2020), known by her pen name Catherine Paysan, was a French writer. She won the Grand prix de littérature de la SGDL for her lifetime’s writing. Paysan wrote novels, poems, screenplays and plays. Paysan was born in Aulaines, France. 

She published several novels, five autobiographical works, two collections of poetry and two plays. She also adapted several of her works for movies. In 1977, she received the Grand prix de littérature de la SGDL for the whole of her work.

Paysan was named an Officier in the French Legion of Honour in 2011.

Paysan died on 22 April 2020 in Le Mans, France at the age of 93.

Le Malesherbois

Le Malesherbois is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Malesherbes (the seat), Coudray, Labrosse, Mainvilliers, Manchecourt, Nangeville and Orveau-Bellesauve.

Malesherbes, Loiret

Malesherbes is a former French commune. It is in the Loiret department. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Le Malesherbois.

Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship is one of the 16 voivodeships of Poland. The capitals are Bydgoszcz and Toruń.

The Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship is divided into 23 counties (powiats): 4 city counties and 19 land counties. These are further divided into 144 gminas.

Lublin Voivodeship

Lublin Voivodeship is one of the 16 voivodeships of Poland. It can be found in the southeast Poland and in west Lesser Poland. The capital city is also named Lublin.

It was created on January 1, 1999. Polesie National Park and Roztocze National Park are both in the voivodeship.

Łódź Voivodeship

Łódź Voivodeship is one of the 16 voivodeships of Poland. The capital city is also named Łódź.

Protected areas in Łódź Voivodeship include seven Landscape Parks, as listed below.

Joule per mole

The joule per mole (symbol: J·mole or J/mol) is an SI derived unit of energy per amount of material. Energy is measured in joules, and the amount of material is measured in moles. In other words, joule per mole is a unit for how much energy is in a certain amount of matter.

Avogadro's law

Avogadro's law is a gas law in chemistry that states "equal volumes of all gases, at the same temperature and pressure, have the same number of molecules". This means that if two gases have the same volume and pressure, and temperature, they will have the same number of molecules. 

Goessel, Kansas

Goessel is a city in Marion County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 556. It is located about 11 miles north of North Newton.

North Newton, Kansas

North Newton is a city in Harvey County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 1,814. The city of Newton is located south.

Conwy

Conwy, traditionally known in English as Conway, is a walled coastal market town in Conwy County Borough, North Wales. It faces the smaller town of Deganwy across the River Conwy. Historically, it was located in Gwynedd and before that, Caernarfonshire.

The town's name originates from the old Welsh words ""cyn"" (chief) and ""gwy"" (water). The river of the same name was also originally called the Cynwy.

The community, which also includes the smaller towns of Llandudno Junction and Deganwy, has a population of 14,723. The town itself has a population of 4,065.

The town is a popular tourist destination and is famous for its castle, built between 1283 and 1289, beach and town walls.

Van Tuong Nguyen

Van Tuong Nguyen (; 17 August 1980 – 2 December 2005) was an Australian man convicted of drug trafficking. In 2002, he was arrested in Singapore during an international flight stopover from Phnom Penh to Melbourne. He admitted to bringing 396.2 grams of heroin into the country. He was sentenced to death in 2004. Singapore rejected pleas for clemency from the Australian government, Amnesty International, the Holy See and others. 

On 2 December 2005, Nguyen was executed by hanging at Changi Prison in Changi, Singapore. He was 25.

Nguyen was born at a refugee camp in Songkhla, Thailand. His parents were Vietnamese. He had a twin brother, Khoa Nguyen.

Rubem Fonseca

Rubem Fonseca (May 11, 1925 – April 15, 2020) was a Brazilian writer and translator. He was born in Juiz de Fora, in the state of Minas Gerais. His stories were known as dark and gritty, filled with violence and sexual content. He started his career by writing short stories. His first popular novel was "A Grande Arte" (High Art), but "Agosto" is usually considered his best work.

Fonseca died of a heart attack on April 15, 2020 in Rio de Janeiro, aged 94.

Richard Akinjide

Chief Osuolale Abimbola Richard Akinjide, SAN (4 November 1930 – 21 April 2020) was a Nigerian lawyer and politician. He was born in Ibadan, Western Region. He worked under Prime Minister Tafawa Balewa and President Shehu Shagari. From 1979 to 1983, Akinjide was Minister of Justice.

Akinjide died on 21 April 2020 in Ibadan, aged 89.

Yakubu Gowon

General Yakubu "Jack" Gowon (born 19 October 1934) is a Nigerian politician and general. He was the head of state of Nigeria from 1966 to 1975. He ruled during the deadly Nigerian Civil War. He took power after the 1966 Nigerian counter-coup and was overthrown in the 1975 Nigerian coup d'état.

Ernest Shonekan

Oloye Ernest Adegunle Oladeinde Shonekan (9 May 1936 – 11 January 2022) was a Nigerian politician, lawyer and businessman. He was appointed the interim President of Nigeria by General Ibrahim Babangida on 26 August 1993. Babangida resigned after the 1993 election was annulled.

Shonekan died on 11 January 2022 in Lekki, Nigeria at the age of 85.

Ibrahim Babangida

General Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida (born 17 August 1941) popularly known as IBB, is a Nigerian politician and military general. He was military President of Nigeria from 1985 until his resignation in 1993. He also was the Chief of Army Staff from January 1984 to August 1985. 

Lubusz Voivodeship

Lubusz Voivodeship is a voivodeship (province) in western Poland. The functions of regional capital are shared between two cities: Gorzów Wielkopolski and Zielona Góra.

It was created on January 1, 1999, out of the former Gorzów Wielkopolski and Zielona Góra Voivodeship.

Lubusz Voivodeship is divided into 14 counties (powiats): 2 city counties and 12 land counties. These are further divided into 83 gminas.

Deganwy

Deganwy, or Degannwy in Middle Welsh, is a small town and electoral ward on the Creuddyn Peninsula in Conwy County Borough, Wales.

It is a relatively small town most notable for Deganwy Castle, situated 110 m above the town. In the 6th century, it was fortified as the stronghold of Maelgwn Gwynedd, king of Gwynedd.

Nowadays, it is located in Conwy County Borough but historically it was located in Caernarfonshire.

The town currently has a population of 3,936.

The town has a railway station on the Llandudno Branch Line and the Conwy Valley line. Transport for Wales provide direct trains to Llandudno, Blaenau Ffestiniog, Chester, Manchester and Crewe.

Mike Curtis

James Michael Curtis (March 27, 1943 – April 20, 2020) was an American professional football player for the Baltimore Colts, the Seattle Seahawks and the Washington Redskins. He played 14 seasons from 1965 to 1978 in the National Football League (NFL). He was a four-time Pro Bowler in 1968, 1970, 1971 and 1974. Curtis was born in Rockville, Maryland.

Curtis died on April 20, 2020 in St. Petersburg, Florida, aged 77.

Podlaskie Voivodeship

Podlaskie Voivodeship is a Voivodeship (province) of Poland. The capital and largest city is Białystok. The province was created on 1 January 1999.

Białowieża Forest and Knyszyń Forest are in Podlaskie.

Pomeranian Voivodeship

Pomeranian Voivodeship is a voivodeship, or province, in northwestern Poland. The provincial capital is Gdańsk.

The voivodeship was made on January 1, 1999, out of the former voivodeships of Gdańsk, Elbląg and Słupsk.

There are two national parks in Pomerania: Słowiński National Park and Tuchola Forest National Park.

Podkarpackie Voivodeship

Podkarpackie Voivodeship is a voivodeship, or province, in Poland. It is also known as Subcarpathian Voivodeship. Its administrative capital and largest city is Rzeszów. 

Podkarpackie was created on 1 January 1999. Bieszczady National Park, and part of Magura National Park, are in the voivodeship.

Fender Precision Bass

The Fender Precision Bass (sometimes shortened to P-Bass) is an electric bass guitar that has been made by Fender since 1951. It was the first popular electric bass guitar to be made and has four strings with one split-coil humbucking pickup. It was also the first bass guitar to have a solid body.

Acoustic, fretted plucked string instruments have been around for a very long time. One example is the bass lute, which has been around since the 17th century. The berda, which is a Slavic folk instrument, has also been around for hundreds of years. In the 19th century, some bass instruments made like a guitar were created. Gibson made an acoustic "mando bass", which was made like a mandolin.

Many inventors tried to make electric bass guitars because most bassists were using the double bass, which was very big, heavy, and too quiet. Before the Precision Bass was made, many inventors used the double bass and tried to make it electric. Lloyd Loar was one of the first to try to make them louder. He put a pickup on double bass in order to play it through an amplifier. He did this between 1919 and 1924.

In the 1930s, Rickenbacker made an electric double bass. Then American Paul Tutmarc made the first electric bass that could be played like a guitar, called the "Audiovox 736 Bass". This bass also had frets. Even though these were the first of this kind, they never sold very well.

Leo Fender, the founder of Fender, had the idea in the 1940s to build a solid-body bass guitar. He wanted it to be easier to play than a double bass. He also wanted it to be smaller so it was easy to move. He got this idea when talking to guitarists who didn't have jobs. They said that they could have gotten jobs being bassists, but found the double bass too hard to play.

The idea of an electric, solid-body bass was new, so Fender had to make it themselves. They spoke to many bassists and guitarists to work out what design would be best. Fender had made the Telecaster guitar before and so used his designs from it to help him make the Precision. The bass was tuned the same as a double bass, EADG, with four strings. The body was a lot like the telecaster, but the top stuck out more towards the headstock so the neck wasn't too heavy to hold when playing the bass with a strap standing.

Fender Jazz Bass

The Fender Jazz Bass (sometimes known as a J-Bass) is an electric bass that has been made by Fender since 1960. It was the second bass to be made by Fender, after the Fender Precision Bass. The original version has four strings and two single-coil pickups.

Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship

Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship is a voivodeship (province) in Poland. Its capital and largest city is Olsztyn. 

It was created on January 1, 1999.

Protected areas in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship include 8 Landscape Parks, as listed below:

The Łuknajno Lake nature reserve is a protected wetland site under the Ramsar convention. It is also a UNESCO biosphere reserve.

West Pomeranian Voivodeship

West Pomeranian Voivodeship is a voivodeship (province) in northwestern Poland. Its capital and largest city is Szczecin.

It was created on January 1, 1999.

West Pomeranian Voivodeship is along the Baltic Sea coast, with many beaches, lakes and woodlands. Szczecin, Świnoujście and Police are important ports. Other major seaside towns include Międzyzdroje, Dziwnów, Kołobrzeg, and Mielno.

Protected areas in West Pomeranian Voivodeship include two National Parks and seven Landscape Parks. These are listed below.

Cabo Delgado Province

Cabo Delgado is a province of Mozambique. The capital is Pemba.

Cabo Delgado Province is divided into the 16 districts of:

and the municipalities of:

Gaza Province

Gaza is a province of Mozambique. The capital is Xai-Xai. The province was created on October 20, 1954.

Most of the district is in the basin of the Limpopo River. It empties into the Indian Ocean near Xai-Xai. The Changane River forms part of the province's eastern border. The Save River forms the northern border.

Limpopo National Park and Banhine National Park are in the province.

Gaza Province is divided into the 11 districts of:

and the municipalities of:


Amilly, Loiret

Amilly is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Groesbeck, Texas

Groesbeck is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Butte, Nebraska

Butte is a village in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Boyd County.

Labrosse, Loiret

Labrosse is a former French commune. It is in the Loiret department. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Le Malesherbois.

Le Moulinet-sur-Solin

Le Moulinet-sur-Solin is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

George Ezra

George Ezra Barnett (born 7 June 1993), known professionally as George Ezra, is an English singer, songwriter and guitarist from Hertford, Hertfordshire.

He rose to fame with his 2014 single "Budapest" which reached number one in several countries.

In February 2019, he won the Brit Award for British Male Solo Artist.

He released his first EP, ""Did You Hear The Rain?"", in November 2013 and his second EP ""Cassy O'"" in March 2014. His first studio album, ""Wanted on Voyage"", was released in June 2014, reaching number one in the UK and the top ten in seven other countries. The album was also the third best-selling album of 2014 in the UK.

His second studio album, ""Staying at Tamara's"", was released in March 2018, also reached number one in the UK and the top ten in eight other countries. The second single from the album, ""Paradise"", reached number two in the UK charts and his next single, ""Shotgun"", reached number one. Shotgun became his first chart-topping single in the UK, Ireland, and Australia.

Inhambane Province

Inhambane is a province of Mozambique. The capital is Inhambane.

The region was visited by Vasco da Gama in 1498. He claimed Inhambane Bay for Portugal. The Portuguese created a trading post at Inhambane in 1534.

The province has two of Mozambique's national parks: Zinave National Park in the northwest and Bazaruto National Park on the Bazaruto Archipelago. There is also Pomene National Reserve.

As of 2017, approximately 113,288 people live there. 

Imhambane Province is divided into the 12 districts of:

and the municipalities of:

Wewelsfleth

Wewelsfleth is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Andonville

Andonville is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Wahkiakum County, Washington

Wahkiakum County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Cathlamet. At the 2020 census, 4,422 people lived there.

Lewis County, Washington

Lewis County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Chehalis. At the 2020 census, 82,149 people lived there.

Ardon, Loiret

Ardon is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Michael Müller

Michael Müller (born December 9, 1964 in West Berlin) is a German politician (SPD). In 2014, he became mayor of Berlin. From November 2017 to October 2018 he was President of the Federal Council, from November 2018 to October 2019 First Administration.

Porthmadog

Porthmadog (; ) is a coastal town and community in Gwynedd, Wales.

The 2011 census revealed that the town has a population of 4,185.

Until 1974, it was also known by its anglicised name of Portmadoc and was known locally as Port. The town came into existence after William Madocks built a sea wall, the "Cob", between 1808 and 1811.

Potsdamer Platz

Potsdamer Platz is a public square in Berlin's Mitte and Tiergarten districts in the Mitte district between the old city center in the east and the new Berlin west. As a double-site facility, it connects to Leipziger Platz to the west.

Steinway D-274

D-274 (or D) is the model name of the largest concert grand from Steinway & Sons. It was first built in its current version in 1884. This instrument is the first choice of most concert pianists and dominates both concert halls and recordings. A company author estimated that more than 90% of the concert grand worldwide are Steinway D-274.

With the dimensions 274 cm length, 157 cm width and a weight of 500 kg (status: 2020) the concert grand of the D category is too large for most private environments.

Jadranka Đokić

Jadranka Đokić (born 14 January 1981) is a Croatian actress. For her roles in theatre, television and film, she is considered one of the greatest Croatian actresses of her generation.

Paradise (George Ezra song)

"Paradise" is a song by English singer-songwriter George Ezra. It is the second single from his 2018 studio album ""Staying at Tamara's"".

The song was written by Ezra himself and was produced by Cam Blackwood. It was officially released digitally on 19 January 2018. A music video was released a week later, on 24 January. Ezra performed the track live for the first time on British TV show "The Graham Norton Show" on 2 February 2018.

The song reached the top ten in Austria, Belgium, Ireland, and the United Kingdom, and also peaked at number one in Scotland.

Ezra has said the song was aiming to capture "a feeling that takes over when you've fallen in love", and was dedicated to his girlfriend and the early days of their relationship.

Paradise Alley

Paradise Alley is a 1978 American sports drama movie directed and written by first time director Sylvester Stallone (who also starred) about professional wrestling. It also stars Armand Assante, Anne Archer, Kevin Conway, Joe Spinell, Tom Waits, Frank Stallone and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Tom Grennan

Tom Bevin Grennan (born 8 June 1995) is an English musician from Bedford, Bedfordshire who is currently based in London.

Grennan first found fame as a featured vocalist on Chase & Status' single ""All Goes Wrong"". The song was the "Hottest Record" on DJ Annie Mac's BBC Radio 1 show, giving Grennan a chance to experience the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge.

Grennan is of partly Irish origin. He is a big fan of football and is a big supporter of Manchester United. At the age of 18, Grennan was mugged by a group of strangers on the street and was left with four metal plates and screws in his jaw that he has stated "still hurt when winter comes".

Lugu Lake

Lugu Lake () is a lake in the Yunnan plateau in China. The lake is part of the border between Ninglang County, Yunnan and Yanyuan County, Sichuan. It is an alpine lake. Because it is at an elevation of , it is the highest lake in all of Yunnan. The lake is surrounded by mountains. It has five islands, four peninsulas, fourteen bays, and seventeen beaches.

Crazy Mama

Crazy Mama is a 1975 American action comedy movie directed by Jonathan Demme and stars Cloris Leachman, Stuart Whitman, Linda Purl, Ann Sothern, Bill Paxton, Dennis Quaid, Sally Kirkland, John Milius. It was distributed by New World Pictures.


The 1975

The 1975 are an English pop rock band from the town of Wilmslow, Cheshire who are currently based in Manchester.

The band currently consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Matthew Healy, lead guitarist Adam Hann, bassist Ross MacDonald, and drummer George Daniel. Healy is the son of actors Denise Welch and Tim Healy.

The band members all met while attending Wilmslow High School and played together as teenagers. Organised gigs by a council worker led to the band formally signing with Dirty Hit and Polydor Records.

As of May 2019, they had won 10 awards from 40 nominations.


Gordon's War

Gordon's War is a 1973 action movie directed by Ossie Davis. It stars Paul Winfield, David Downing, Gilbert Lewis, Ralph Wilcox, Nathan Heard, Grace Jones and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Wilmslow

Wilmslow is a small town and civil parish in the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England. It falls within the Cheshire Golden Triangle and is one of the most sought-after places to live in the UK after Central London.

The 2011 census revealed that the population of Wilmslow was 24,497.

The name ""Wilmslow"" derives from the Anglo-Saxon ""Wīghelmes hlāw"" meaning ""mound of a man called Wīghelm"".

The town has a railway station on the Crewe–Manchester line. The station has direct trains to Manchester Airport, Manchester itself, London, Liverpool, Crewe, Shrewsbury and South Wales.

Mathematician, computer scientist and logician Alan Turing died in the town. However, the actual reason for his death, which is said to be suicide, is still disputed.

Sorcerer (movie)

Sorcerer is a 1977 American adventure thriller movie directed by William Friedkin and based on the Georges Arnaud's 1950 novel "Le Salaire de la peur" and remake of the 1953 movie "The Wages of Fear". It stars Roy Scheider, Bruno Cremer, Francisco Rabal, Amidou, Ramon Bieri and distributed by Paramount Pictures and Universal Pictures. It was a commercial failure and being released around the same time as ".


Masao Sugiuchi

His wife is Kazuko Sugiuchi, a professional player who won several female titles. His sisters in law (Sachiko Honda and Teruko Kusunoki) are also professional players.


Two Door Cinema Club

Two Door Cinema Club are a Northern Irish pop-rock band from Bangor, County Down.

The band formed in 2007 and consists of three main members; Alex Trimble, Kevin Baird and Sam Halliday. Trimble and Halliday met while attending Bangor Grammar School. The two later met Kevin Baird while he was flirting with girls who Trimble and Halliday knew. The three first performed as a band at the age of 16 on Northern Irish television programme "ATL Rock School" under the name "Life Without Rory". However, the band finished in last place.

On 18 January 2011, the band appeared on the American late night talk show, "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon", performing the song, ""What You Know"". The song would go on to become the biggest hit of the 2010 album ""Tourist History"".


Manica Province

Manica is a province of Mozambique. The capital city is Chimoio.

The Save River creates the southern border. There is also the Zambezi river in the northeast. The highest mountain in Mozambique, Mount Binga (2436 m), is in this province near the border with Zimbabwe.

Manica Province is divided into 12 districts:

Maputo Province

Maputo is a province of Mozambique. Its capital is the city of Matola. The province does not include the national capital of Maputo.

The Maputo Bay area to the southeast of Maputo is an important conservation area with many reefs and lakes. Of particular note is the Maputo Elephant Game Reserve, which has lakes such as Lagoa Chingute and Lagoa Piti. There is also the Machangulo Private Nature Reserve in the Machangulo Peninsula. The largest river of the province is the Maputo River. Inhaca Island is part of the province.

Maputo Province is divided into the 7 districts of:

and the municipalities of:

Nampula Province

Nampula is a province in northern Mozambique. The capital city is also named Nampula.

The island Ilha de Moçambique, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is part of the province.

The Lúrio River forms the northern border. Mountains in the province include Mount Inago (1804 m), Mount Ribaue, Mount Panda and Mount Nairucu.

Nampula Province is divided into the 18 districts of:

and the municipalities of:

Luke Steele (musician)

Luke James Steele (born 13 December 1979) is an Australian musician, singer and songwriter. He is best known as one half of the electronic music duo Empire of the Sun. He is also the vocalist and main songwriter of the alternative rock band The Sleepy Jackson. He was born in Perth, Western Australia. His sister, Katy Steele, is also a musician.

Nick Littlemore

Nicholas George Littlemore (born 6 May 1978) is an Australian musician and record producer. He is known as a member of the musical trio Pnau (with Peter Mayes and Sam Littlemore) and duo Empire of the Sun (with Luke Steele). He was also a member of the band Teenager with New Zealand-born Pip Brown. He was born in Sydney, New South Wales.

The Holy Mountain

The Holy Mountain () is a 1973 Mexican fantasy drama movie directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky (who also stars and produces). It also stars Juan Ferrara, Horacio Salinas, and Ramona Saunders.

El Topo

El Topo is a 1970 Mexican western movie directed, produced and starring Alejandro Jodorowsky, Brontis Jodorowsky, Alfonso Arau, Agustín Isunza.


In 2016, a sequel of the movie was released as a comic book under the name "Sons of El Topo".


The Owl and the Pussycat

The Owl and the Pussycat is a 1970 American romantic comedy movie directed by Herbert Ross, based on the play of the same name by and written by Buck Henry. It stars Barbra Streisand, George Segal, Robert Klein, Marilyn Chambers, Roz Kelly, Allen Garfield and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Koos van den Berg

Jacobus Teunis "Koos" van den Berg (18 September 1942 – 21 April 2020) was a Dutch politician. He was born in The Hague. He was a member of the Reformed Political Party (SGP). He served as a member of the House of Representatives from 1986 to 2002.

On 21 April 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, van den Berg died due to the disease. He was 77.

Niassa Province

Niassa is a province of Mozambique. The capital city is Lichinga.

The Ruvuma River forms much of the northern boundary of the province with Tanzania. Lake Niassa forms the western border of the province, separating it from Malawi. The province shares the Niassa National Reserve with neighboring Cabo Delgado Province.

Niassa Province is divided into the 15 districts of:

and the municipalities of:

Masao Kato

Masao Kato (加藤 正夫, "Katō Masao", March 15, 1947 – December 30, 2004), also known as Kato Kensei (加藤剱正 "Katō Kensei"), was a Japanese professional go player at Nihon Ki-in and former president of the International Go Federation. He won 46 titles, including the Oza (王座, King) eight times in a row. He also became the 2nd player to reach 1,200 career wins.



Sofala Province

Sofala is a province of Mozambique. Beira is the capital of the province.

Rivers flowing through the province include the Chiveve River, the Buzi River, the Save River. Gorongosa National Park, at the southern end of the Great African Rift Valley, covers several thousand square kilometres. The park has the Mount Gorongosa, a mountain which is considered sacred to the people of the country.

Sofala Province is divided into the 12 districts of:

Magic (1978 movie)

Magic is a 1978 American psychological horror drama movie directed by Richard Attenborough and based on the 1976 novel of the same name by William Goldham. It stars Anthony Hopkins, Ann-Margaret, Burgess Meredith, Ed Lauter, David Ogden Stiers and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Tete Province

Tete is a province of Mozambique. The capital city is also named Tete.

The Cahora Bassa Dam is in this province.

Districts of Tete Province are:

Zambezia Province

Zambezia is a province in Mozambique. The capital city is Quelimane.

Bons Sinais River is in the province.

Zambezia Province is divided into the 16 districts of:

In addition, there is one municipality - the city of
Quelimane - with an area of 117 km² and 192,876 people

Thanksgiving of Horror

"Thanksgiving of Horror" is the 8th episode of the 31st season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on television on the Fox network on November 24, 2019. The episode is a Thanksgiving themed spin-off of the Treehouse of Horror series. This is the last episode to have Russi Taylor because she died on July 26, 2019. She was a voice actor for characters like Martin Prince, Sherri and Terri, and Üter Zörker.

Marge gets on a stage and talks about how scary the Thanksgiving holiday is. She then introduces the three segments. 

This part of the episode is a parody of "Apocalypto". The Simpson family and other characters are shown as turkeys and some are shown as Pilgrims. The Pilgrims capture Homer and many other turkeys. Bart gets away from the Pilgrims. Most of the turkeys are killed, but people start to panic when Grandpa runs around without his head. During the confusion, Bart saves Homer and they get back to their family. Marge lays an egg, but they are found by Chief Wiggum, a Pilgrim. A bear kills Wiggum and the egg hatches to show Maggie. The family finds some Pilgrims eating a turkey dinner. Homer says that times will be dark for them as Thanksgiving becomes a new human tradition.

This part of the episode is a parody of the "Black Mirror" special "White Christmas". Homer wants to help Marge with Thanksgiving cooking for dinner, so Homer orders an A.I. with Marge's memories. Marge gets jealous when the A.I. can run the family better than her, so she wants to get rid of the A.I. after Thanksgiving. The A.I. cooks a big meal for dinner, which Marge says she cooked it, and tries to escape to the internet. Marge almost stops her, but the A.I. uses Maggie to help her. The A.I. tells the guests at the dinner party that she cooked the dinner, which makes everyone disappointed and leave the dinner party. Homer tries to make Marge feel better, but he accidentally shows himself as a robot. The A.I. is free and visits places around the internet, starting with Etsy.

This part of the episode is a parody of the movies "Alien" and "Life". The kids are on a spaceship, years after the Earth was destroyed. They become awake from hibernation to work before they land on another planet. Bart and Milhouse want to create a Thanksgiving dinner, but they only find a can of cranberry sauce. Bart puts the can in a cloning machine. The cranberry sauce turns alive and starts eating bones. Soon, every kid in the spaceship is dead, except for Bart, Lisa, Milhouse, and Martin. Martin traps them in a room and gets killed by the monster. Milhouse tries to make the monster calm down, but it throws him around. Bart and Lisa trick the monster into letting go of Milhouse and putting it in a large can. They then release the can into space, where it lands on the new planet. Aliens from the planet turn the monster into food, where the Simpson family and the aliens celebrate the First Thanksgiving.

The end credits show a Bart Simpson balloon from the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.

Dennis Perkins of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a score of B and says "'Thanksgiving of Horror' represents the show's writers tossing out a 'Why not?' non-canonical scary story do-over. And, oddly enough, I'm fine with it, especially since this second, Thanksgiving-themed horror outing is scarier, meaner, grosser, and all-around better than this year's original." "Den of Geek" gave the episode a 4 out of 5 starts and says "The installment doesn’t quite measure up to the classic "Treehouse of Horror" episodes, the show overall has undergone a loss of edge since becoming more streamlined. But it is a very good entry for the season."

On February 1, 2020, Dan Vebber won the at the 72nd Writers Guild of America Awards for writing the episode.

Damien: Omen II

Damien: Omen II is a 1978 American British supernatural horror movie directed by Don Taylor and is the sequel to 1976 movie "The Omen". It stars William Holden, Lee Grant, Robert Foxworth, Lew Ayers, Sylvia Sidney, Jonathan Scott-Taylor, Nicholas Pryor, Lance Henriksen, Allan Arbus and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

An Unmarried Woman

An Unmarried Woman is a 1978 American comedy drama movie directed and written by Paul Mazursky. It stars Jill Clayburgh, Alan Bates, Michael Murphy, Cliff Gorman and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for three Oscars in 1979.

The Fury (1978 movie)

The Fury is a 1978 American supernatural thriller movie directed by Brian De Palma and based on the 1976 novel of the same name by John Farris. It stars Kirk Douglas, Amy Irving, John Cassavetes, Carrie Snodgress, Charles Durning, Dennis Franz, Daryl Hannah and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Afar Region

The Afar Regional State is one of the nine regional states of Ethiopia. It is the homeland of the Afar people. The capital city is Semera.

Danakil Depression is in the north of the region. It has the lowest point in Ethiopia and one of the lowest in Africa. The southern part of the region has the valley of the Awash River. Other notable landmarks include the Awash and Yangudi Rassa National Parks.

Like other Regions in Ethiopia, Afar is divided into 6 administrative zones (and one special woreda).

Amhara Region

Amhara Region is a region of Ethiopia. It is the homeland of the Amhara people. The capital city is Bahir Dar.

Ethiopia's largest inland body of water, Lake Tana, is in Amhara. The region also has the Semien Mountains National Park. The park includes Ras Dashan, the highest point in Ethiopia. 

Like other regions in Ethiopia, Amhara is divided into administrative zones:

MacArthur (movie)

MacArthur is a 1977 World War II biographical drama movie directed by Joseph Sargent with Gregory Peck playing the part of Douglas MacArthur and stars Ed Flanders and Dan O'Herlihy.


Double Negative

Double Negative (also known as Deadly Companion) is a 1980 Canadian thriller movie directed by George Bloomfield and based on the novel by Ross Macdonald. It stars John Candy, Susan Clark, Anthony Perkins, Howard Duff, Al Waxman, Kenneth Welsh, Kate Reid.


Loot (1970 movie)

Loot is a 1970 British crime comedy movie directed by Silvio Narizzano and based on the Joe Orton play of the same name. It stars Richard Attenborough, Lee Remick, Hywel Bennett, Milo O'Shea, Roy Holder, Dick Emery, Aubrey Woods, Harold Innocent and Stephen Yardley.

Illampu

Illampu is a mountain in the Andes range, in Bolivia. It is the 27th highest mountain in the Andes.

Chopicalqui

Chopicalqui is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 28th highest mountain in the Andes. 

Siula Grande

Siula Grande is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 29th highest mountain in the Andes.

Solimana

Solimana is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 32nd highest mountain in the Andes. 

Ampato

Ampato is a mountain in the Andes range, in Peru. It is the 33rd highest mountain in the Andes. 

Endless Love (movie)

Endless Love is a 1981 American romantic drama movie directed by Franco Zeffirelli and based on the 1979 novel of the same name by Scott Spencer. It stars Brooke Shields, Martin Hewitt, Shirley Knight, Don Murray, Beatrice Straight, Ian Ziering, James Spader, Penelope Milford, Tom Cruise in his movie debut and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 1 Oscar and 6 Razzies in 1982 and was remake in 2014.


The Phantom of Liberty

The Phantom of Liberty is a 1974 French Italian comedy movie directed by Luis Buñuel. It stars Adriana Asti, Julien Bertheau, Jean-Claude Brialy, Adolfo Celi, Anne-Marie Deschodt, Michael Lonsdale.


Gajiginahal, Siruguppa

Gajiginahal is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India. It is located in the Siruguppa taluk of Bellary district in Karnataka.

Gajiginahal belongs to Boggur Gram Panchayat and lies on the bank of Vedavati (Hagari) river, which is the main source of water for drinking and irrigation facility.

Lord Sri Hagari Basaveswara is the famous and powerful male deity and Goddess Maremma devi is the famous female deity worshipped in the village regularly. During Basaveswara Jayanti (Akshaya Tritiya) celebrating a jatre fair and during karthika masa organised a purana also known as legendary stories about Shivasharanas. 

Gajiginahal local language is Kannada. Its population is 769 as of 2011 population census and number of houses are 151. Female Population is 51.9%. The village literacy rate is 70.4% and the female literacy rate is 32.2%.

Main occupation of the village is Agriculture, having good irrigation facilities from both Vedavathi and tungabhadra river. Paddy is the main and staple food crop growing during monsoon season, and depending on the availability of water during rabi season they grow either paddy or some other crops like sugarcane, diancha (Green manure crop), mustard etc.

Nihon Ki-in

The Nihon Ki-in (日本棋院), also known as the Japan Go Association, is the main (non-profit) organization for Go in Tokyo, Japan. It maintains Japan's professional player system and gives diplomas for amateur rankings.

The Nihon Ki-in organizes many tournaments for professional players. The major title tournaments include the Kisei (棋聖, Board Master), Meijin (名人, Grand Master, hosted with Asahi Shinbun), Honinbo (本因坊), Judan (10-dan), Tengen (天元, Center), Gosei (碁聖, Master of Go), and the Oza (王座, King). There are also separate Honinbo, Meijin, and Kisei titles for women.





Bengal Subah

Bengal Subah, sometimes called Mughal Bengal, was a part of the Mughal Empire between 1500 and 1700. It included places like Bangladesh and the Indian states of West Bengal, Assam, Meghalaya and Tripura. At one time, this area was one of the wealthiest parts of the world.

Mainvilliers, Loiret

Mainvilliers is a former French commune. It is in the Loiret department. On 1 January 2016, it became a part of the new commune of Le Malesherbois.

Aure sur Mer

Aure sur Mer is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Sainte-Honorine-des-Pertes (the seat) and Russy.

Saadat Husain

Sadat Hussain (24 November 1946 – 22 April 2020) was a Bangladeshi civil servant. He notably served as chairman of the Bangladesh Public Service Commission from 2007 to 2011. He was born in Noakhali District.

On 22 April 2020, Husain died of kidney disease and other causes at a Dhaka hospital. He was 73.

Golden Axe: The Duel

, is a fantasy 2D fighting video game in the "Golden Axe" series. It was made by Sega AM1 and published by Sega for the Sega Titan Video arcade machine and for the Sega Saturn in 1995.

Seulline

Seulline is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.

The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Georges-d'Aunay and Coulvain. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of La Bigne was merged into Seulline.

Aurseulles

Aurseulles is a commune. It is in the region of Normandy in the Calvados department. This is in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Anctoville (the seat), Longraye, Saint-Germain-d'Ectot and Torteval-Quesnay.

Hartwig Gauder

Hartwig Gauder (10 November 1954 – 22 April 2020) was a German race walker and architect. He won a gold medal in the Men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. He was born in Vaihingen an der Enz, Baden-Württemberg, West Germany.

In 1996, he had a viral heart infection that almost killed him. He recovered after having a heart transplant, but became disabled. Afterwards, he became an architect.

Gauder died while undergoing dialysis on 22 April 2020, aged 65. The cause of death was a heart attack caused by kidney failure.


Terence Frisby

Terence Frisby (28 November 1932 – 23 April 2020) was a British playwright, actor, stage director and producer. He was best known as the author of the play "There's a Girl in My Soup". He also helped write the screenplay for the movie version of the play. Frisby was born in London. 

Frisby died on 23 April 2020, aged 87.

Pomona, New Jersey

Pomona is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Galloway Township, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 7,416.

Galloway Township, New Jersey

Galloway Township is a township in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. At of total area, Galloway Township is the largest municipality in the State of New Jersey. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 37,813.

Kim Yo-jong

Kim Yo-jong (, born 26 September 1987) is a North Korean politician. She is the youngest daughter of former supreme leader Kim Jong-il. Her brother is Kim Jong-un, the current supreme leader.

She is an alternate member of the Politburo (Political Bureau) and vice director of the Propaganda and Agitation Department of the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK).

Jimmy Carter rabbit incident

The Jimmy Carter rabbit incident, also known as a "killer rabbit attack" by the press, involved a swamp rabbit that swam toward then–U.S. President Jimmy Carter's fishing boat on April 20, 1979. 

The incident became popular in the media after Carter's press secretary, Jody Powell, mentioned the event to a correspondent months later.

President Carter was fishing in his hometown of Plains, Georgia on April 20, 1979, alone in a flat-bottomed boat while staff were on land nearby. Carter said a rabbit being chased by hounds "jumped in the water and swam toward my boat. When he got almost there, I splashed some water with a paddle".

When Carter returned to his office, his staff did not believe his story, saying rabbits could not swim, or that one would never approach a person threateningly. A White House photographer took a picture of the incident, which was released by a later administration.

Swamp rabbit

The swamp rabbit ("Sylvilagus aquaticus"), or swamp hare, is a large cottontail rabbit found in the swamps and wetlands of the Southern United States. Other common names for the swamp rabbit include marsh rabbit and cane-cutter. The species likes to live in wet areas, and can swim.

Jody Powell

Joseph Lester "Jody" Powell, Jr. (September 30, 1943 – September 14, 2009) was the White House Press Secretary during the presidency of Jimmy Carter from 1977 to 1981. Powell later co-founded a public relations firm. He was born in Cordele, Georgia.

Powell died on September 14, 2009 of a heart attack in Cambridge, Maryland, aged 65.

Cordele, Georgia

Cordele is a city in Crisp County, Georgia, United States. The population was 10,220 at the 2020 census. The city is the county seat of Crisp County.

Crisp County, Georgia

Crisp County is a county in the center of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,128. The county seat is Cordele. The county was created on August 17, 1905.

Dooly County, Georgia

Dooly County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,208. The county seat is Vienna.

Vienna, Georgia

The city of Vienna () is the county seat of Dooly County, Georgia, United States. The population was 2,928 at the 2020 census. It is named after Vienna, in Austria.

Hamilton Jordan

William Hamilton McWhorter Jordan (September 21, 1944 – May 20, 2008) was an American politician. He was the Chief of Staff to President of the United States Jimmy Carter from 1979 to 1980. He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Jordan died on May 20, 2008 in Atlanta, Georgia of mesothelioma at the age of 63.

Jack Watson (presidential adviser)

Jack Hearn Watson Jr. (born October 24, 1938) is an American political strategist and political aide. He was White House Chief of Staff to President Jimmy Carter from 1980 to 1981.


Pete Rouse

Peter Mikami Rouse (born April 15, 1946) is an American political consultant. He was interim White House Chief of Staff to U.S. President Barack Obama from 2010 to 2011. Rouse spent many years on Capitol Hill, becoming known as the "101st senator" during his tenure as Chief of Staff to Senate Democratic leader Tom Daschle.

After Daschle lost his election, Rouse later became Chief of Staff for then-Senator Obama.

John Podesta

John David Podesta Jr. (born January 8, 1949) is an American political consultant. He was White House Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton from October 20, 1998, until January 20, 2001, and as Counselor to President Barack Obama from January 1, 2014, until February 13, 2015.

He is the former president, and now Chair and Counselor, of the Center for American Progress (CAP), a think tank in Washington, D.C. He is a Visiting Professor of Law at the Georgetown University Law Center.

Podesta was chairman of Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign.

On September 2, 2022, President Joe Biden appointed Podesta as senior advisor to the president for clean energy innovation and implementation.

Mack McLarty

Thomas F. "Mack" McLarty, III (born June 14, 1946) is an American businessman and politician. He was President Bill Clinton's first White House Chief of Staff from 1993 to June 1994. He later was Counselor to the President and Special Envoy for the Americas.

He was chairman and CEO of Arkla, Inc. (1983-1992), a natural gas company. During that time, he was appointed by President George H.W. Bush to the National Petroleum Council and the National Council on Environmental Quality.

He is the Chairman of McLarty Associates, an international strategic advisory firm headquartered in Washington, DC, and chairman of the McLarty Companies, based in Little Rock, Arkansas.

James R. Jones

James Robert Jones (born May 5, 1939) is an American lawyer and Democratic politician. He was a U.S. Congressman from Oklahoma between 1973 to 1987. He was the U.S. Ambassador to Mexico from 1993 to 1997. 

From 1968 to 1969, he was acting White House Chief of Staff for the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.

In 1972, after returning to Oklahoma, Jones ran for Oklahoma's 1st congressional district. He won the election and was re-elected six times. During his tenure in Congress, which lasted until 1987, Jones served four years as the Chairman of the House Budget Committee.

Kenneth O'Donnell

Kenneth Patrick O'Donnell (March 4, 1924 – September 9, 1977) was an American political consultant. He was the special assistant and appointments secretary to President John F. Kennedy from 1961 until Kennedy's assassination in November 1963. O'Donnell was a close friend of President Kennedy and his younger brother Robert F. Kennedy.

O'Donnell also was an aide to President Lyndon B. Johnson from 1963 to 1965. He later was an adviser to Robert Kennedy's 1968 presidential campaign.

He died of gastrointestinal hemorrhage due to alcoholism in September 1977, aged 53.

Saint-Pierre-en-Auge

Saint-Pierre-en-Auge is a commune. It is in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives (the seat), Boissey, Bretteville-sur-Dives, Hiéville, Mittois, Montviette, L'Oudon, Ouville-la-Bien-Tournée, Sainte-Marguerite-de-Viette, Saint-Georges-en-Auge, Thiéville, Vaudeloges and Vieux-Pont-en-Auge.

Wilton Persons

Wilton Burton "Jerry" Persons (January 19, 1896 – September 5, 1977) was an American politician. He was the White House Chief of Staff to President Dwight D. Eisenhower from October 7, 1958 until January 20, 1961.


Dragon Force 2

Dragon Force 2 is a fantasy role-playing video game in the "Dragon Force" series. It was made and published by Sega for the Sega Saturn in 1998. It was only released in Japan.

It is a sequel to "Dragon Force".

Devonport High School for Boys

Devonport High School for Boys is a grammar school in Plymouth, England. It is also known as DHSB.

DHSB is open to only those who pass the 11+ test for those aged 9-11 years. DHSB is a boy's only school, apart from sixth form, where the gender is mixed for the last 2 years of education. 

Jerald terHorst

Jerald Franklin "Jerry" terHorst (July 11, 1922 – March 31, 2010) was an American journalist. He was the 14th White House Press Secretary during the first month of Gerald Ford's presidency. He resigned in protest of Ford's pardon of former President Richard Nixon.

Méry-Bissières-en-Auge

Méry-Bissières-en-Auge is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Méry-Corbon (the seat) and Bissières.

Akira Kume

Kume died of heart failure in Tokyo on April 23, 2020, aged 96.

Belle Vie en Auge

Belle Vie en Auge is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Biéville-Quétiéville (the seat) and Saint-Loup-de-Fribois.

Shigeru Tsuyuguchi

He also voiced "Baron Humbert von Gikkingen" in the original Japanese version of the Studio Ghibli anime movie "Whisper of the Heart" in 1995.

Melrose, Minnesota

Melrose is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 3,602 at the 2020 census. It is part of the St. Cloud Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Gaylord Nelson

Gaylord Anton Nelson (June 4, 1916 – July 3, 2005) was an American Democratic politician and environmentalist. He was born in Clear Lake, Wisconsin.

Nelson was the 35th Governor of Wisconsin from 1959 to 1963. Then, he became a United States Senator and founded Earth Day in 1970. He left the U.S. Senate in 1980. He then worked in a non-profit organization called The Wilderness Society.

In 1995, President Bill Clinton honored Nelson with the Presidential Medal of Freedom for his work helping the environment.

Nelson died on July 3, 2005 in Kensington, Maryland of heart failure, aged 89. The Gaylord Nelson Wilderness was named after him, in honor of his role in creating the park.

Chieko Baisho

She sang many pupular songs, mostly in her younger days. She is also known for her roles as Sakura in the "Otoko wa Tsurai yo" series from 1969 until 1995. She acted in many movies directed by Yōji Yamada. She won the award for best actress at the 5th Hochi Film Award for "A Distant Cry from Spring".

Her hit song were as follows.

Caumont-sur-Aure

Caumont-sur-Aure is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Caumont-l'Éventé (the seat), Livry and La Vacquerie.

El Príncipe Gitano

Enrique Castellón Vargas (April 7, 1928 – April 22, 2020), better known as El Príncipe Gitano (the gipsy prince) was a Spanish flamenco singer, actor and dancer. He was born in Valencia, Spain. He was a bullfighter briefly. 

His most famous song is "Obí, obá". He also created a Spanish version of Elvis' song "In the Ghetto". His best known movies were "Brindis al cielo" (1954), "Un heredero en apuros" (1956), "Veraneo en España" (1956), "El alma de la copla" (1965), "El milagro del cante" (1967) and "Españolear" (1969).

Gitano died of COVID-19 on April 22, 2020 in Madrid, aged 88.

Freeman Spur, Illinois

Freeman Spur is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Deckenpfronn

Deckenpfronn is a municipality of the district Böblingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg in Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 3,329 people lived there.


Skip Humphrey

Hubert Horatio "Skip" Humphrey III (born June 26, 1942) is an American politician and lawyer. He was Attorney General of Minnesota from 1983 to 1999. He also was a State Senator from 1973 to 1983.

Humphrey is the son of Vice President Hubert Humphrey and U.S. Senator Muriel Humphrey Brown. He was born in Minneapolis.

In 1988, he unsuccessfully ran for United States Senator, loosing to Republican David Durenberger.

He was the Democratic candidate for Governor of Minnesota in the controversial three-way election of 1998. He lost the election to Jesse Ventura. In the gubernatorial primary, he beat Ted Mondale, son of Vice President Walter Mondale.

1998 Minnesota gubernatorial election

The 1998 Minnesota gubernatorial election took place on November 3, 1998. Reform Party candidate Jesse Ventura beat Republican Party challenger Norm Coleman and Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party challenger Hubert H. "Skip" Humphrey III.

Ventura's victory as a third party candidate was seen as a historic major upset, especially since he was a former professional wrestler. He ran on the Reform Party ticket, a party which had been founded by two-time presidential candidate Ross Perot who had received 23% of the vote in Minnesota in the 1992 presidential election and 12% in the 1996 election.

Socialist Workers Party (United States)

The Socialist Workers Party (SWP) is known as a communist party in the United States. It started as a group in the Communist Party USA that supported Leon Trotsky against Soviet leader Joseph Stalin. They are known as "solidarity work" and support strikes and is strongly supportive of Cuba. 

The SWP publishes "The Militant", a weekly newspaper that dates back to 1928. It also maintains Pathfinder Press.


Screech owl

Screech owls or screech-owls are typical owls in the family Strigidae. They are in the genus Megascops. Human beings know about 24 living species of screech owls, but there might be more. People often find new ones, especially in the Andes. 

Screech owls live in the Americas. Some species formerly placed with them are nowadays considered more distinct. The common name "screech owl" is sometimes used for the not closely related barn owl as well.

For a long time, scientists thought screech owls were kinds of scops owls, but now they do not.

Scientists are not sure how scops and screech owls are related, but they do know they are related at all. Both groups of owls fill the same niche where they live. That means they eat the same kinds of foods and do the same kinds of things for the enviornment. Scops owls live in the Old World and screech owls live in the New World. A screech-owl fossil from the Late Pliocene was found in Kansas. This means these birds lived in the Americas for a long time. The scops and screech owls probably evolved at during the Miocene. They probably became separate groups about 5 million years ago. "Otus" and "Megascops" have very similar bones. Their common ancestor was probably a small owl with ear tufts and feathers on at least the upper leg.


All Elite Wrestling

All Elite Wrestling, LLC, doing business as AEW, is a company that produces professional wrestling shows. It is the second most popular wrestling company in the United States. Its creation was announced by father-and-son businessmen Shahid and Tony Khan￼, with the elder acting as the promotion's lead investor, and his son being the founder, president and CEO of the company. Professional wrestlers The Young Bucks (Matt & Nick Jackson) and Kenny Omega, founding members of a wrestling stable known as The Elite, are serving as both in-ring performers and executive vice presidents. Cody Rhodes, another wrestler who joined the stable shortly after it formed, was also an executive vice president before leaving the company in 2022.


Brooklyn Park, Minnesota

Brooklyn Park is the sixth largest city in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is near Minneapolis in northern Hennepin County. Brooklyn Park is a northwest suburb of the Twin Cities metropolitan area.

The population of Brooklyn Park was 86,478 at the 2020 census.

Jesse Ventura was mayor of the city from 1991 to 1995.

List of presidents of Benin

This is a list of presidents of Benin (formerly Dahomey) since the formation of the post of President in 1960, to the present day.




President of Botswana

The President of the Republic of Botswana is the head of state and the head of government of Botswana.

Nicéphore Soglo

Nicéphore Dieudonné Soglo (born November 29, 1934) is a Beninese politician. He was Prime Minister of Benin from 1990 to 1991 and President from 1991 to 1996. He was Mayor of Cotonou from 2003 to 2015.

List of prime ministers of Benin

This is a list of prime ministers of Benin (formerly Dahomey) since the formation of the post of Prime Minister in 1960, to its abolition in 2016.





Hubert Maga

Coutoucou Hubert Maga (August 10, 1916 – May 8, 2000) was a Beninese politician. He was the 1st President of Benin from 1960 to 1963. He also was Prime Minister of Benin.

Mokgweetsi Masisi

Mokgweetsi Eric Keabetswe Masisi (born 21 July 1961) is a Botswana politician. He became the fifth President of Botswana in 2018. He has also became Minister of Education in 2014. He was Minister of Presidential Affairs and Public Administration from 2011 to 2014. He was first elected to Parliament in 2009.

Clear Lake, Wisconsin

Clear Lake is a village in Polk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,070 at the 2010 census.

Polk County, Wisconsin

Polk County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 44,977. Its county seat is Balsam Lake. The county was created in 1853.

Amery, Wisconsin

Amery is a city in Polk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,902 at the 2010 census.

Apple Arcade

Apple Arcade is a subscription service by Apple Inc. for iOS, iPadOS, tvOS, and macOS devices that allows a library of video games to be played. It was announced in March 2019, and was launched on September 19, 2019.

Some of the features of Apple Arcade are:

Apple Arcade can only run on these operating systems on these Apple devices at a minimum:


Steve Waugh

Stephen Rodger Waugh (born 2 June 1965) is a former Australian cricketer. He is the twin brother of cricketer Mark Waugh. He was a right-handed batsman and was also a medium-pace bowler. He was the Australian cricket team's captain from 1997 to 2004. He led Australia to fifteen of their record sixteen Test wins in a row. He also captained his country to victory at the 1999 Cricket World Cup. Waugh is considered the most successful Test captain in cricket history. As captain, he won 41 matches and lost 9 matches, with a winning ratio of 72%.

Waugh was named Australian of the Year in 2004. He was given this award for his cricket feats and charity work.

Waugh was born in Campsie, New South Wales. He is a few minutes older than his twin brother Mark. He is married to Lynette. The couple have three children.

List of presidents of Cape Verde

The following is a list of presidents of Cape Verde, since the establishment of the office of president in 1975.


Pedro Pires

Pedro de Verona Rodrigues Pires (; born 29 April 1934) was the President of Cape Verde from March 2001 to September 2011. Before becoming President, he was Prime Minister from 1975 to 1991.

Ulisses Correia e Silva

José Ulisses de Pina Correia e Silva () (born 4 June 1962) is a Cape Verdean businessman and politician. He has been Prime Minister of Cape Verde since 22 April 2016.

António Mascarenhas Monteiro

António Manuel Mascarenhas Gomes Monteiro (; 16 February 1944 – 16 September 2016) was the first democratically elected President of Cape Verde from 22 March 1991 to 22 March 2001.

Aristides Pereira

Aristides Maria Pereira (; 17 November 1923 – 22 September 2011) was a Cape Verdean politician. He was the first President of Cape Verde from 1975 to 1991.

List of prime ministers of Cape Verde

The following is a list of Prime ministers of Cape Verde, since the establishment of the office of Prime Minister in 1975.


Carlos Veiga

Carlos Alberto Wahnon de Carvalho Veiga (; born October 21, 1949) is a Cape Verdean politician. He was Prime Minister of Cape Verde from April 4, 1991 to July 29, 2000.

In the 2001 presidential election, Veiga ran for President of Cape Verde, but lost to Pedro Pires of the African Party for the Independence of Cape Verde (PAICV) in the second round of voting. He ran again for presidency in 2006, but he was defeated again by Pires. He ran again in 2021, once again losing the general election.

Gualberto do Rosário

António Gualberto do Rosário () (born October 12, 1950) was Prime Minister of Cape Verde from 29 July 2000 to 1 February 2001. He was also the acting Prime Minister from July to October 2000 and Leader of the Movement for Democracy.

United States of Africa

The United States of Africa is a hypothetical plan for a federation of some or all of the 55 sovereign states on the continent of Africa. The concept takes its origin from Marcus Garvey's 1924 poem "Hail, United States of Africa".

Key supporters of the plan were Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. In February 2009, upon being elected chairman of the 53-nation African Union, Gaddafi told the assembled African leaders: "I shall continue to insist that our sovereign countries work to achieve the United States of Africa." After Gaddafi's death, Mugabe expressed interest.


Don Brewer

Donald George Brewer (born September 3, 1948) is an American drummer. He is best known as the drummer, co-lead vocalist and only constant member of rock band Grand Funk Railroad. Other bands he was a member of are Terry Knight and the Pack and Bob Seger's Silver Bullet Band.

Brewer was born in Flint, Michigan. He is married to Sunny Quinn. The couple have two children.

Columbia County, Washington

Columbia County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. The county seat is Dayton. 3,952 people lived there at the 2020 census which makes it the third-least populous county in Washington. The county was created out of Walla Walla County on November 11, 1875 and is named after the Columbia River.

Franklin County, Washington

Franklin County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Pasco. At the 2020 census, 96,749 people lived there.

Agusan del Sur

Agusan del Sur (; Butuanon: "Probinsya hong Agusan del Sur") is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Caraga region in Mindanao. The capital is Prosperidad.

Aklan

Aklan ("Akean") (Aklanon pronunciation: [ak'ɣan]) (Akeanon: "Eaeawigan it Akean"; ) is a province of the Philippines in the Western Visayas region. It is the oldest province in the Philippines. Its capital is Kalibo.

People from Aklan are called Aklanons. They are thought to be descendants of the Austronesian-speaking immigrants who came to the Philippines during the Iron Age. The name came from the river Akean, which means "where there is boiling." 




Faqqu’a Iris

Gilboa Iris or Faqqu’a Iris "(Iris haynei)" is a species in the genus "Iris", subgenus Iris subgenus and section (botany) "Oncocyclus". It is a rhizomatous perennial, from the shrublands and mountainsides of Palestine.

It is written in Arabic as سوسن فقوعة. It was originally found in Palestine, on Mount Gilboa, by Hayne in April 1872, and then it was first published and described by John Gilbert Baker in The Gardeners' Chronicle Vol.6 on page 710 in 1876. This description was based on dried samples of plants that Haynes had originally found.

It is native to temperate to Western Asia.

On 5 April 2016, the Ministry of Environmental Affairs (Palestine) had adopted 'Sawsan Gilboa' ("I. haynei") as the national plant of the State of Palestine, to go with the Olive tree (as the national tree), Mountain gazelle (national animal), Palestine sunbird (national bird) and the 5th of March to be the national day for the Palestinian environment.

Albay (province)

Albay (; ; ) is a province located in the Bicol Region in southeastern Luzon of the Philippines. The capital is the City of Legazpi.

Artenay

Artenay is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Antique (province)

Antique (; ; ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Western Visayas region. The capital is San Jose de Buenavista.

Apayao

Apayao () is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Cordillera Administrative Region in Luzon. The capital is Kabugao.

Aurora (province)

Aurora (; ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the eastern part of the Central Luzon region, facing the Philippine Sea. The capital is Baler.

Acqueville

Acqueville is the name of two communes in France:

Henk Overgoor

Henk Overgoor (30 April 1944 – 23 April 2020) was a Dutch footballer. He was born in Gendringen, Netherlands. He played for Go Ahead Eagles from 1963 to 1965 and for De Graafschap from 1965 to 1979. 

Overgoor died on 23 April 2020 of COVID-19 in Amsterdam, aged 75.

Jefferson County, Washington

Jefferson County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Port Townsend. At the 2020 census, 32,977 people lived there.

The county is named after US President Thomas Jefferson.

Claude Barthélemy

Claude Barthélemy (9 May 1945 – 6 April 2020) was a Haitian footballer. He played at both professional and international levels as a striker. He played for AS Capoise between 1961 and 1964, then joined Racing Club Haitien until 1967. He played one season for the Detroit Cougars in 1968. He played for the Haitian national team between 1965 and 1977.

Barthélemy was born in Cap-Haïtien. He died on 6 April 2020 in the U.S. state of New Jersey. He was 74.

Aschères-le-Marché

Aschères-le-Marché is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Black garden ant

The Black garden ant ("Lasius niger"), also known as the Common black ant, Common house ant or Tramp ant, is a formicine ant. It is a species of the subgenus "Lasius", which is found across Eurasia and in some parts of South America, Southeast Asia and Australasia. The European species is now split into two species; "L. niger", which are found in open areas; and "L. platythorax", which is found in forests .

The ants build nests underground, commonly under stones, but also in rotten wood, or under roots. The nests can have up to 40,000 workers, but the average size is 4,000–7,000 ants. The colony has a single queen which can live up to 15 years, and it has been claimed that some have lived for 30 years. In the early stages of a colony there can two or three queens in the nest. They will tolerate each other until the first workers come, then it is most likely they will fight until one queen remains. In tests in laboratories, worker ants have lived at least four years.

The worker ants are dark glossy black, and 3–5 mm long. The queens are 9 mm long, glossy black color, and with slight brown stripes on her abdomen. After a queen mates, she removes her wings and eats her wing muscles as food over the winter. The male ants are 3.5–4.5 mm long and are only produced by queens for mating. They have a dark glossy body, which is a different shape from the workers, and look like a wasp. They have delicate wings which stand out from the rest of the body.

Ants mate while flying. The mating (or nuptial) flights of "Lasius niger" usually take place from June to September. In North America flights happen during the autumn, but in Europe they take place during the hot summer months of July and August. Flights can contain thousands of winged males and females. When the queen has mated, she will land and look for a suitable place to dig a tunnel. The males generally only live for a day or two after the mating flights.

The queen ant removes her wings to dig. When she has dug a tunnel, she blocks the entrance and then digs a small chamber to lay her eggs. The eggs hatch after 8–10 weeks. The queen does not leave the nest to look for food until eggs have hatched, and the larvae have grown into ants. She survives on the protein from eating her own wings.

The black garden ant, like other ants, has four stages of development: egg, larva, pupa, and adult. The eggs are tiny, white, kidney-shaped, with a smooth sticky surface. This helps them to be carried in a group instead of one by one. After hatching the larvae look like tiny maggots. They need to be fed by the queen (or workers in the case of an established colony) if they are to mature. As they grow, they shed their skin, doing so usually three times in total. With each molt, the larvae grow hooked hairs which allow them to be carried in groups. At the last molt they are too big to be carried as part of a group and so are carried individually. When it is big enough, it spins a cocoon around itself. To help, the queen (or workers) may bury the larva so that it can spin its cocoon undisturbed. When the process of metamorphosis is complete the worker ant comes out of the cocoon. It is completely white but it only takes one hour to turn black.

The first worker ants are very small. Later generations of ants grow much bigger. The new worker ants begin make the nest bigger. They take care of the queen and her eggs. They open the entrance to the nest and begin to look for food above ground. They need to gather food quickly to support future growth and to feed the starved queen. The queen will have lost around 50% of her body weight. The queen will lay more eggs, which is her only task in the colony. The later generations of worker ants will be bigger, stronger and more aggressive because there is more food for them while they are growing. Instead of only having the queens to look after them, they have a team of foraging and nursing workers. Provided workers are able to find food, the colony will see an exponential rise in population. After several years, when colony is well established, the queen will lay eggs that will become new queens and males. Black ants often make large nests with with tunnels connecting the different sections.

The black garden ants eat nectar, small insects such as codling moth larvae, and fruit. The ants can 'milk' aphids, cockroaches and beetles.

Hallettsville, Texas

Hallettsville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Landscheide

Landscheide is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Ohio, Illinois

Ohio is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Prime Minister of Haiti

The prime minister of Haiti (, ) is the head of government of Haiti. The office was created under the 1987 Constitution. Before all executive power was held by the president or head of state, who appointed and chaired the Council of Ministers.

Nortorf, Steinburg

Nortorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Jean-Bertrand Aristide

Jean-Bertrand Aristide (born 15 July 1953) is a Haitian priest and politician. He became Haiti's first democratically elected President. 

Aristide was appointed to a Roman Catholic parish in Port-au-Prince in 1982 after completing his studies to become a priest of the Salesian order. 

He won the Haitian general election between 1990 and 1991, with 67% of the vote and was briefly president of Haiti, until a September 1991 military coup. The coup regime collapsed in 1994 under U.S. pressure and threat of force (Operation Uphold Democracy). 

Aristide was then president again from 1994 to 1996 and from 2001 to 2004. However, Aristide was ousted in the 2004 coup d'état. Aristide was later forced into exile, staying in the Central African Republic, Jamaica, and South Africa.

He finally returned to Haiti in 2011 after seven years in exile.

Vilas County, Wisconsin

Vilas County is a county in the state of Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 23,047. Its county seat is Eagle River.

Eagle River, Wisconsin

Eagle River is a city in Vilas County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,398 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Vilas County. 

Gogebic County, Michigan

Gogebic County ( ) is the westernmost county in the Upper Peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,380. The county seat is Bessemer.

Ironwood, Michigan

Ironwood is a city in Gogebic County in the U.S. state of Michigan, about south of Lake Superior. The population was 5,045 at the 2020 census.

Hurley, Wisconsin

Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census. It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood, Michigan.

New York's 14th congressional district

New York's 14th congressional district is a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives located in New York City, represented by Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.

The district includes the eastern part of The Bronx and part of north-central Queens. The Queens portion includes the neighborhoods of Astoria, College Point, Corona, East Elmhurst, Elmhurst, Jackson Heights, and Woodside. 

Roughly half of the population of the district is of Hispanic or Latino heritage, making it one of the more Latino districts in New York.

Democratic Caucus Chairman of the United States House of Representatives

The following is a list of members of the U.S. House of Representatives who have served as chair of the House Democratic Caucus. Chairs are currently limited to two consecutive terms. 

</onlyinclude>


Upset

An upset happens in a competition, mainly in electoral politics or sports, when the party popularly expected to win (the favorite), either loses to or draws/ties a game with an underdog whom the majority expects to lose. It is often used in reference to beating the betting odds in sports, or beating the opinion polls in electoral politics.

Examples include: Donald Trump beating Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election or Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez beating Representative Joe Crowley in the 2018 midterms.

Job guarantee

A job guarantee (JG) is an economic policy proposal aimed at giving a sustainable solution to the problems of inflation and unemployment. Its aim is to create full employment and price stability, by having the state promise to hire unemployed workers as an employer of last resort (ELR).

Tax rate

In a tax system, the tax rate is the ratio (usually expressed as a percentage) at which a business or person is taxed. There are several methods used to present a tax rate: statutory, average, marginal, and effective. These rates can also be presented using different definitions applied to a tax base: inclusive and exclusive.


Federal Election Commission

The Federal Election Commission (FEC) is an independent regulatory agency in the United States. Their purpose is to enforce campaign finance law in federal elections. It was created in 1974 through amendments to the Federal Election Campaign Act. 

Estate (law)

An estate, in common law, is the net worth of a person at any point in time alive or dead. It is the sum of a person's assets – legal rights, interests and entitlements to property of any kind – less all liabilities at that time.

Parkchester, Bronx

Parkchester is a planned community originally developed by the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and located in the central Bronx, New York City.

Yorktown Heights, New York

Yorktown Heights is a Census-designated place in the town of Yorktown in Westchester County, New York. The population was 1,884 at the 2020 census.

MIT Lincoln Laboratory

The MIT Lincoln Laboratory, located in Lexington, Massachusetts, is a United States Department of Defense federally funded research and development center. It is used to help advanced technology to problems of national security. 

The Laboratory gives a technical base for military electronics ranging from radars to reentry physics. 

Sugar Hill

Sugar Hill is a 1974 American blaxploitation action horror movie directed by Paul Maslansky and starring Charlie Robinson, Marki Bey, Robert Quarry, Zara Cully, Don Pedro Colley, Big Walter Price. American International Pictures had previously experimented blaploitation horrors with "Blacula" (1972) and its sequel "Scream Blacula Scream" (1973).


National Hispanic Institute

The National Hispanic Institute (NHI) is an international nonprofit organization. Its focus is the future leadership in the global Hispanic community. It was founded in 1979 in Texas with the mission of serving the future leadership needs of the United States via the Hispanic/Latino community. NHI became the largest Latino youth organization in the United States. NHI is now an international organization with over 85,000 alumni worldwide.

Lorenzo de Zavala

Manuel Lorenzo Justiniano de Zavala y Sanchez (October 14, 1788 – November 15, 1836), known simply as Lorenzo de Zavala, was a Mexican physician, politician, diplomat and author. Zavala was the interim Vice President of the Republic of Texas in 1936.

Chinese virus

Chinese virus or China virus may refer to:



Standing Rock Indian Reservation

The Standing Rock Reservation (/inyan bosdata) is located in North Dakota and South Dakota in the United States. It is where the "Hunkpapa and Sihasapa bands of Lakota Oyate and the Ihunktuwona and Pabaksa bands of the Dakota Oyate" live. The sixth-largest Native American reservation in land area in the US, Standing Rock includes all of Sioux County, North Dakota, and all of Corson County, South Dakota.

Dakota Access Pipeline protests

The Dakota Access Pipeline protests, also called by the hashtag #NoDAPL, were grassroots movements that began in early 2016 in reaction to the approved construction of Energy Transfer Partners' Dakota Access Pipeline in the northern United States. 

The pipeline was projected to run from the Bakken oil fields in western North Dakota to southern Illinois, crossing beneath the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers, as well as under part of Lake Oahe near the Standing Rock Indian Reservation. 

Many in the Standing Rock tribe and surrounding communities considered the pipeline and its intended crossing beneath the Missouri River would cause harm to the region's drinking water, as well as to the water supply used to irrigate surrounding farmlands. The construction was also seen as a direct threat to ancient burial grounds and cultural sites of historic importance.

Almost 500 people were arrested during the protests.

Brand New Congress

Brand New Congress is an American political action committee formed by former staffers and supporters of the Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign to elect hundreds of new congressional representatives who supported the campaign's political platform.

Brewster McCloud

Brewster McCloud is a 1970 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Robert Altman and produced by Lou Adler. It stars Bud Cort, Sally Kellerman, Michael Murphy, Shelley Duvall, Corey Fischer, Stacy Keach, Jennifer Salt, Harvey Keitel and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

MoveOn

MoveOn (formerly known as MoveOn.org) is a progressive public policy advocacy group and political action committee. It was formed in 1998 in response to the impeachment of President Bill Clinton by the U.S. House of Representatives. MoveOn.org has raised millions of dollars for liberal candidates in the United States.

Democracy for America

Democracy for America (DFA) is a progressive political action committee, headquartered in South Burlington, Vermont. It was founded by former Democratic National Committee Chair Howard Dean in 2004. DFA works for public awareness campaigns on many issues of public policy, trains activists, and provides funding directly to candidates for office. The organization has more than a million members in the United States and internationally.

The Looney Tunes Show

The Looney Tunes Show is an American animated sitcom. It was produced by Warner Bros. Animation. The program ran from May 3, 2011 through November 2, 2013, on Cartoon Network. The show has 2 seasons. Each season had 26 episodes. The program featured characters from the "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" cartoon shorts updated for the 21st century.

Union Square, Manhattan

Union Square is a historic place surrounding neighborhood in Manhattan, New York City, located where Broadway and the former Bowery Road – now Fourth Avenue – came together in the early 19th century.

Mother, Jugs &amp; Speed

Mother, Jugs & Speed is a 1976 American black comedy movie directed by Peter Yates and stars Bill Cosby, Harvey Keitel, Raquel Welch, Allen Garfield, Larry Hagman, Bruce Davison, Toni Basil. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Merriam-Webster

Merriam-Webster, Inc., is an American company that publishes reference books and is especially known for its dictionaries.

In 1831, George and Charles Merriam founded the company as G & C Merriam Co. in Springfield, Massachusetts. 

In 1964, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., bought Merriam-Webster, Inc., as a subsidiary. The company created its current name in 1982.

Dave Brat

David Alan Brat (born July 27, 1964) is an American politician and businessman. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was the U.S. Representative for Virginia's 7th congressional district from 2014 to 2019.

Brat became known when he beat House Majority Leader Eric Cantor in the district's 2014 Republican primary. Brat's primary victory over Cantor made him the first primary challenger to beat a sitting House Majority Leader.

Brat lost his reelection bid in 2018 to Democrat Abigail Spanberger.

Working Families Party

The Working Families Party (WFP) is a minor political party in the United States, founded in New York in 1998. There are active chapters in New York, Connecticut, Oregon, New Jersey, Maryland, Washington D.C., Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Rhode Island, Nevada, West Virginia, New Mexico, Ohio, Texas, and Illinois.

No Mercy (1986 movie)

No Mercy is a 1986 American action crime thriller movie directed by Richard Pearce. It stars Richard Gere, Kim Basinger, Jeoren Krabbé, George Dzundza, Terry Kinney, Ely Pouget and was distributed by TriStar Pictures.

AJ Tracey

Ché Wolton Grant (born 4 March 1994), more commonly known by his stage name AJ Tracey, is an English rapper, singer, songwriter and record producer from Ladbroke Grove, London.

He rose to fame in 2016. He was listed in "The Guardian"'s list of ""best new acts to catch at festivals in 2016"".

Tracey's 2017 EP, "Secure the Bag!" entered the UK Albums Chart at number 13. In 2018, Tracey released the single ""Butterflies"" featuring English singer Not3s which acted as his breakthrough, reaching the top 20 on the UK Singles Chart. His 2019 album ""AJ Tracey"", which was released by Warner Records, peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart and featured his highest-charting song ""Ladbroke Grove"", which peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart.

Grant's father is of Trinidadian origin and his mother is a Welsh former jungle DJ. He is a loyal supporter of football club Tottenham Hotspur. He is the cousin of fellow rapper Big Zuu.

Fahrenheit 11/9

Fahrenheit 11/9 is a 2018 American political documentary by filmmaker Michael Moore about the 2016 United States presidential election and presidency of Donald Trump. The movie had its world premiere on , 2018, and was released in the United States on , 2018, by Briarcliff Entertainment.

It made $6.7 million worldwide. It received mostly positive reviews, with website Rotten Tomatoes saying that ""Fahrenheit 11/9" finds Michael Moore in fine fighting form, delivering a political call to action that ranks among his most effective works".

Knock Down the House

Knock Down the House is a 2019 American documentary movie directed by Rachel Lears. It is about the primary campaigns of Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Amy Vilela, Cori Bush and Paula Jean Swearengin, four progressive Democrats supported by Justice Democrats and Brand New Congress who ran for Congress in the 2018 midterm elections.

The movie had its world premiere at the 2019 Sundance Film Festival on January 27, 2019, and it was released on May 1, 2019 by Netflix.

Aitch (rapper)

Harrison Armstrong (born 9 December 1999), better known by his stage name Aitch, is an English rapper and grime MC from Manchester.

He has supported rappers such as Cadet and Wiley on tour. The name "Aitch" derives from the pronunciation of the letter 'h', the first letter of his given name.

Armstrong's first track ""Straight Rhymez"" gained over 26 million views on YouTube. This brought him to the attention of London rapper Stormzy.

He has released three singles that have charted within the top 50 in the UK, including ""Taste (Make It Shake)"", which peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart. He has released two extended plays (EPs), ""On Your Marks"" and ""AitcH20"".

He has worked with artists such as Ed Sheeran, Bugzy Malone, Young T & Bugsey, AJ Tracey and Jaykae.

J Hus

Momodou Lamin Jallow (born 26 May 1996), better known by his stage name J Hus, is an English rapper, singer, songwriter and model of Gambian and Ghanaian descent from Stratford, London.

Jallow was born in London and grew up in the Stratford district of the city. He eventually moved to Peterborough in Cambridgeshire. He is of Gambian descent and was raised by his mother, who emigrated to England when she was 25 years old. He was raised as a Muslim and is of ethnic Fula heritage. In June 2018, he was arrested in Stratford and charged with carrying a knife in public. Hours after he was released from prison in April 2019, he made a surprise appearance on stage at Canadian rapper Drake's concert in London.

His song, ""Did You See"", became his most successful single, peaking at number nine on the UK Singles Chart and eventually being certified Platinum. In 2017, he released his debut album, ""Common Sense"", which was named the best UK album of 2017 by Complex.

In January 2020, J Hus released his second album, ""Big Conspiracy"", which featured appearances by Jamaican singer Koffee, Nigerian singer Burna Boy and English singer Ella Mai. The album became his first number-one on the UK Albums Chart.

The Iceman Cometh

The Iceman Cometh is a 1973 American drama movie directed by John Frankenheimer and based on the 1939 play of the same name by Eugene O'Neill. It stars Lee Marvin, Robert Ryan, Jeff Bridges, Fredric March, Bradford Dillman.


Baby Blue Marine

Baby Blue Marine is a 1976 American World War II drama movie directed by John D. Hancock and produced by Aaron Spelling, Leonard Goldberg. It stars Jan-Michael Vincent, Richard Gere, Bruno Kirby, Art Lund, Adam Arkin, Michael Conrad, Dana Elcar, Allan Miller and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Reflections in a Golden Eye (movie)

Reflections in a Golden Eye is a 1967 American drama movie directed by John Huston and based on the 1941 novel of the same name by Carson McCullers. It stars Elizabeth Taylor, Marlon Brando, Brian Keith, Julie Harris, with Robert Forster and Harvey Keitel in their movie debuts. It was distributed by Warner Bros.. and was unsuccessful at box office.

Kid Blue

Kid Blue is a 1973 American western movie directed by James Frawley and starring Dennis Hopper, Warren Oates, Peter Boyle, Ben Johnson, M. Emmet Walsh. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox

Murder of John Lennon

On the 8 December 1980, musician John Lennon was shot and killed by Mark David Chapman. It happened outside the Dakota in the Upper West Side of Manhattan, New York City. Chapman lived in Hawaii and had travelled to New York to kill Lennon. Chapman said he was annoyed at how lazy Lennon's lifestyle was and was also annoyed about that Lennon had said The Beatles were "more popular than Jesus". 

Chapman was arrested soon after the shooting and was charged with murder. Chapman pleaded guilty to Lennon's murder and was sentenced to 20-years-to-life in prison. Chapman could have had parole ten times since 2000, but was never accepted. He is still in prison today.

O Lucky Man!

O Lucky Man! is a 1973 British fantasy comedy drama movie directed by Lindsay Anderson. It stars Malcolm McDowell, Ralph Richardson, Rachel Roberts, Helen Mirren, Arthur Lowe, Dandy Nichols, Warren Clarke, Bill Owen, James Bolam, Brian Glover, Edward Judd, Edward Peel, Margot Bennett and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was second of Mick Travis trilogy that started with "if..." (1968) and finished with "Britannia Hospital" (1982).

Your Ticket Is No Longer Valid

Your Ticket Is No Longer Valid is a Canadian erotic drama movie directed by George Kaczender and based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Romain Gary. It stars Richard Harris, George Peppard, Jennifer Dale, and Jeanne Moreau

‏‎
Battle Beyond the Stars

Battle Beyond the Stars is a 1980 American science fiction western movie directed by Jimmy T. Murakami and screenplay by John Sayles. It stars George Peppard, Robert Vaughn, Richard Thomas, John Saxon, Sybil Danning and it was distributed by New World Pictures.


PolitiFact

PolitiFact.com is a nonprofit project operated by the Poynter Institute in St. Petersburg, Florida, with offices there and in Washington, D.C. It began in 2007 as a project of the "Tampa Bay Times" (then the "St. Petersburg Times"), with reporters and editors from the newspaper and its affiliated news media partners reporting on the accuracy of statements made by elected officials, candidates, their staffs, lobbyists, interest groups and others involved in U.S. politics. 

Ammakandakara

Ammakandakara is a village in Adoor Municipality in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

The Chennampallil Sree Dharma Shasta and Devi temple are situating at the centre of the village.

Zorro, The Gay Blade

Zorro, The Gay Blade is a 1981 American Mexican adventure comedy movie directed by Peter Medak and stars George Hamilton, Lauren Hutton, Ron Liebman, Brenda Vaccaro. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for one Razzie in 1982.


Angadi

Angadi is a village in Ranni Taluk, Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

At the 2001 census, Angadi had a population of 15,873, with 7,696 males and 8,177 females.

Angadickal

Angadical is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

Angadical had a population of 12,600 with 5,911 males and 6,689 females.

There are different worship centres such as


Nearest railway stations: Chengannur (32 km) and Thiruvalla (42 km)

Nearest Airports: Thiruvananthapuram International Airport (101 km) and Kochi International Airport (158 km)


The Only Game in Town (movie)

The Only Game in Town is a 1970 American drama movie directed by George Stevens in his last movie before his death in 1975 and stars Elizabeth Taylor, Warren Beatty. The screenplay is based on the play of the same name by Frank D. Gilroy was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Conservative Party of New York State

The Conservative Party of New York State is a political party founded in 1962. The Party was founded due to conservatives not liking the Republican Party in New York. 

Since 2010, the Conservative Party has held "Row C" on New York ballots—the third-place ballot position, directly below the Democratic and Republican parties because it received the third-highest number of votes of any political party in the 2010, 2014, and 2018 gubernatorial elections. 

Pipra Dixit

Pipra Dixit is a medium sized village in Salempur tehsil of Deoria district, Uttar Pradesh. the village has total population of 1,477 as per 2011 Population Census of India.

Generation Z

Generation Z (also known as Gen Z for short, or Zoomers) is the generation after Millennials and before Generation Alpha. Many sources define Zoomers as those born from 1997 to 2012. Many others mention that Generation Z people were born between the years 1996 and 2011. In a 2022 report, the U.S. Census designates Generation Z as those born 1997 to 2013. Most members of Generation Z have used digital technology since a young age and are well known with the Internet and social media. Most members of Generation Z are the children of Generation X. 

Other proposed names for the generation included "iGeneration", "Gen Tech", "Gen Wii", "Homeland Generation", "Net Gen", "Digital Natives", and "Plurals".

Keezhuvaipur

Keezhuvaipur is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state in India.

Malayalam is the native language in Keezhuvaipur.

Keezhuvaipur is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kozhencherry East

Kozhencherry East is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state in India.

Malayalam is the native language in Kozhencherry East.

Kozhencherry East is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Tornillo, Texas

Tornillo ( ) is a census-designated place (CDP) and border town in El Paso County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,432 at the 2020 census. It is part of the El Paso Metropolitan Statistical Area. 

Child care

Child care, otherwise known as day care, is the care and supervision of a child or multiple children at a time, whose ages range from six weeks to thirteen years. 

Child care is the action or skill of looking after children by a day-care center, nannies, babysitters, teachers, maids, etc. Child care providers can be children's first teachers. Quality care from a young age can have a huge impact on the future successes of children. The main focus of childcare is on the development of the child, whether that be mental, social, or psychological.

Save the Tiger

Save the Tiger is a 1973 American drama movie directed by John G. Avildsen and screenplay by Steve Shagan from his novel of the same name. It stars Jack Lemmon, Jack Gilford, Laurie Heineman, Norman Burton, Harvey Jason and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won one Oscar for Lemmon at the Academy Awards in 1974.

Character Map

Character Map is a tool made for Microsoft Windows operating systems. It lets people see characters in a font. It can also be used to see what alt code is used for a character, and it can be used to copy and paste characters.

The tool is useful for putting in special characters. The "Advanced view" button can be used to switch between different encodings: Windows, DOS, and Unicode. Characters can be sorted by Unicode categories. The tool only supports the first Unicode plane, the Basic Multilingual Plane.

Character Map can be opened by using the command-line interface or the Run command by typing 'charmap'.

Modern Monetary Theory

Modern Monetary Theory, Modern Money Theory (MMT), or Modern Monetary Theory and Practice (MMTP) is a macroeconomic theory and practice that sees the practical uses of fiat currency in a public monopoly from the issuing authority, normally the government's central bank. 

MMT says that the government could use fiscal policy to achieve full employment and money creation to fund government purchases.

America (magazine)

America is a national weekly magazine published by the Jesuits of the United States and headquartered in Manhattan. It has news and opinion about Catholicism and how it relates to American politics and cultural life. 

It has been published continuously since 1909, and is also available online. It has been seen as liberal-leaning publication, and has been described by "The Washington Post" as "a favourite of Catholic liberal intellectuals".

The Seven-Ups

The Seven-Ups is a 1973 American action crime mystery movie directed by first time director Philip D'Antoni and stars Roy Schedier, Tony Lo Bianco, Larry Haines, Richard Lynch, Joe Spinell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


RuPaul's Drag Race

RuPaul's Drag Race is an American reality television series produced by World of Wonder and VH1. The show is about RuPaul in the search for "America's next drag superstar." RuPaul plays the role of host, mentor, and head judge for this series.

"RuPaul's Drag Race" has spanned fourteen seasons and inspired the spin-off shows "RuPaul's Drag U" and "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars". The show has become the highest-rated television program on Logo TV, and airs internationally. The show earned RuPaul four consecutive Emmys (2016 to 2019) for Outstanding Host for a Reality or Reality-Competition Program. The show itself was awarded as a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Reality-Competition Program in 2018 and 2019.

The show's winners are BeBe Zahara Benet, Tyra Sanchez, Raja Gemini, Sharon Needles, Jinkx Monsoon, Bianca Del Rio, Violet Chachki, Bob the Drag Queen, Sasha Velour, Aquaria, Yvie Oddly, Jaida Essence Hall, Symone, Willow Pill, and Sasha Colby.

The show has a spinoff, "RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars", and the winners of that spinoff are Chad Michaels, Alaska Thunderfuck 5000, Trixie Mattel, Trinity the Tuck, Monét X Change, Shea Couleé, and Kylie Sonique Love. The seventh season of All Stars (an all winners season) will premiere on May 20th.

The show also has multiple international spinoffs, including Drag Race Thailand, Drag Race Canada, Drag Race UK, Drag Race Holland, Drag Race España, Drag Race Philippines, Drag Race France, Drag Race Italia, and Drag Race Down Under.

Angamoozhy

Angamoozhy is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state in India.

Malayalam is the native language in Angamoozhy.

Angamoozhy is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Anicadu

Anicadu is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language in Anicadu.

Anicadu is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Aranmula

Aranmula is a town in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Aranmula.

Aranmula is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Arukalickal

Arukalickal is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Arukalickal.

Arukalickal is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Aruvappulam

Aruvappulam is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Aruvappulam.

Aruvappulam is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

List of districts of India

A district ("zilā") is an administrative division of an Indian state or territory. there are a total of 736 districts, up from the 640 in the 2011 Census of India and the 593 recorded in the 2001 Census of India.

Most of the districts are named after their administrative centre. Some of them have two names, a traditional one and one that uses the name of the town that is the headquarters. Since most of the districts are named after a town, the word "district" is added to show the difference between the town and the district.



Dan Walters

Daniel Gene "Dan" Walters (August 15, 1966 – April 23, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He was born in Brunswick, Maine. He played as a catcher in Major League Baseball for the San Diego Padres in the 1992 and 1993 seasons. In 84 career games, he had 64 hits in 273 at-bats, with a .234 batting average. 

After baseball, Walters became a police officer with the San Diego Police Department. He became paralyzed from the neck down after a 2003 shooting. He died, aged 53, from problems caused by his injuries in San Diego on April 23, 2020.

Yorktown, New York

Yorktown is a town on the northern border of Westchester County, New York. It is a suburb of the New York City metropolitan area. It is about north of midtown Manhattan. The population was 36,569 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Claude Evrard

Claude Evrard (29 July 1933 – 20 April 2020) was a French actor. He was born in Versailles, France. His best known roles were in "Circus Angel", "Le Distrait" and "If the Sun Never Returns". His last movie role was in the 2017 drama "Back to Burgundy". He also starred in the 1990s television series "Les Cinq Dernières Minutes".

Evrard died on 20 April 2020 in Clamart, France at the age of 86.

The Great White Hope (movie)

The Great White Hope is a 1970 American biographical romantic drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and based on the Howard Sackler play of the same name. It stars James Earl Jones, Jane Alexander, Hal Holbrook, Chester Morris and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for two Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1971.


Bartender

A bartender (also known as a barkeep, barman, barmaid, barwoman, bar chef, tapster, mixologist, alcohol server, cocktologist, flairman or an alcohol chef) is a person who creates and serves alcoholic or soft drink beverages behind the bar, in a licensed establishment. Bartenders also usually have the supplies and inventory for the bar. A bartender can generally mix classic cocktails.

Bartenders are also usually responsible for confirming that customers meet the legal drinking age requirements before serving them alcoholic beverages. In certain countries, such as Canada, the United Kingdom, and Sweden, bartenders are legally required to refuse more alcohol to drunk customers.

I Never Sang for My Father

I Never Sang for My Father is a 1970 American drama movie directed by Gilbert Cates and based on the 1968 play of the same name by Robert Anderson. It stars Melvyn Douglas, Gene Hackman, Estelle Parsons, Dorothy Stickney, Lovelady Powell and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for three Oscars at Academy Awards in 1971.


Initial

In a written or published work, an initial or drop cap is a letter at the beginning of a word, a chapter, or a paragraph that is larger than the rest of the text. The word is comes from the Latin "initialis", which means "standing at the beginning". An initial is often several lines in height and in older books or manuscripts. In some cases a name or title can be long so the initials would shorten them.

Examples include: JFK, FDR, AOC, TDK, NYC, USA, KUWTK, EU, etc.



Val de Drôme

Val de Drôme is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Sept-Vents (the seat), Dampierre, La Lande-sur-Drôme and Saint-Jean-des-Essartiers.


Rich Hacker

Richard Warren Hacker (October 6, 1947 – April 22, 2020) was an American Major League Baseball player, base coach and scout. Hacker was born in Belleville, Illinois. He played 16 games for the Montreal Expos in the 1971 season as a shortstop. He had a .121 batting average, with four hits in 33 at-bats. Hacker coached the St. Louis Cardinals from 1986 to 1990 and the Toronto Blue Jays from 1991 to 1993.

Hacker died of leukemia in Fairview Heights, Illinois on April 22, 2020 at the age of 72.

Five Easy Pieces

Five Easy Pieces is a 1970 American drama movie directed by Bob Rafelson and stars Jack Nicholson, Karen Black, Susan Anspach, Sally Struthers, Toni Basil. It was nominated for four Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1971.


Glen Carbon, Illinois

Glen Carbon is a village in Madison County, Illinois, United States, northeast of St. Louis. The population was 13,842 at the 2020 census.

Maquoketa River

The Maquoketa River is a tributary of the Mississippi River, about long, in northeastern Iowa in the United States. 

Its watershed covers within a rural region of rolling hills and farmland southwest of Dubuque. 

It is not to be confused with the Little Maquoketa River. The river and its tributaries mark the border of the Driftless Area of Iowa. The name comes from "Maquaw-Autaw", which means "Bear River" in Meskwaki.

Le Hom

Le Hom is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Thury-Harcourt (the seat), Caumont-sur-Orne, Curcy-sur-Orne, Hamars and Saint-Martin-de-Sallen.

Diary of a Mad Housewife

Diary of a Mad Housewife is a 1970 American comedy drama movie directed by Frank Perry and based on the 1967 novel of the same name by Sue Kaufman. It stars Carrie Snodgress, Richard Benjamin, Frank Langella, Peter Boyle, Alice Cooper and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for Best Actress at the Academy Awards in 1971.


Alex &amp; the Gypsy

Alex & the Gypsy is 1976 American comedy movie directed by John Korty and stars Jack Lemmon, Geneviève Bujold, James Woods, Robert Emhardt, Titos Vandis. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Basilan

The Province of Basilan (Chavacano: "Provincia de Basilan"; Tausug: "Wilaya' sin Basilan"; Yakan: "Wilayah Basilanin") is an island province of the Philippines that is found in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region. The capital is Lamitan City. The province was created on December 27, 1973.

Basilan Island is the largest and northernmost of the major islands of the Sulu Archipelago. It is just off the southern coast of the geographic Zamboanga Peninsula.

The former capital is Isabela City.

Ainsworth, Nebraska

Ainsworth is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Brown County.

For Pete's Sake (movie)

For Pete's Sake is a 1974 American screwball comedy movie directed by Peter Yates and stars Barbra Streisand, Estelle Parsons, Michael Sarrazin, Molly Picon. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Bananas (movie)

Bananas is a 1971 American comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and starring Louise Lasser, Carlos Montalban, Natividad Abascal, Allen Garfield, Sylvester Stallone, René Enríquez, Miguel Ángel Suárez. It was distributed by United Artists.


Chalappally

Chalappally is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Chalappally.

Chalappally is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kansai Ki-in

The Kansai Ki-in (関西棋院, i.e., Kansai Go Association) is an organization for the game of Go in Japan, which was founded in 1950 at Osaka. It is not as large as the Nihon Ki-in based in Tokyo, but it also gives diplomas to strong players and maintain their professional player system as the Nihon Ki-in does. They also hire professional players as same as the Nihon Ki-in (with different rules and age restrictions).




Chandanapally

Chandanapally is a village in the Kodumon subdivision in Pathanamthitta district of Kerala, India. The town is famous for St. George Catholic Church. 

The main hospital is Primary Health Center Chandanapally. There are three doctors available and 24 beds.

Major educational institutions are

There are several worship centres in this area including.. 

Young Winston

Young Winston is a 1972 British biographical drama movie about the early years of Winston Churchill. It was directed by Richard Attenborough and starring Simon Ward, Robert Shaw, Anne Bancroft, Jack Hawkins, Ian Holm, Anthony Hopkins, Patrick Magee, Edward Woodward, John Mills. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for three Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1973.


Chathanthara

Chathanthara is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Chathanthara.

Chathanthara is the part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency. 

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

The Sidelong Glances of a Pigeon Kicker

The Sidelong Glances of a Pigeon Kicker (also known simply as Pigeons) is a 1970 American comedy movie directed by John Dexter and based on the novel of the same name by David Boyer. It stars Jordan Christopher, Jill O'Hara, Kate Reid, Robert Walden, Sylvester Stallone, Melba Moore and was distributed by Metro-Golden-Mayer.


What's Up, Doc? (1972 movie)

What's Up, Doc? is a 1972 romantic screwball comedy movie directed by Peter Bogdanovich and starring Barbra Streisand, Ryan O'Neal, Madeline Kahn, Kenneth Mars, Michael Murphy, Sorrell Booke, Sylvester Stallone, Randy Quaid. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother

The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother is a 1975 American British mystery comedy movie directed by first time director Gene Wilder (who also stars) and starring Madeline Kahn, Marty Feldman, Dom DeLuise, Roy Kinnear, Mel Brooks. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Red-breasted parakeet

The red breasted parakeet or moustached parakeet ("Psittacula alexandri") is among the more widespread species of the genus and is the species which has the most geographical variations.

Chathenkary



The Indian National Congress, the CPIM, the JD(S) and the Kerala Congress(M) are the major political parties in this area.




Private and KSRTC bus available from Chathenkary junction to other parts of Kerala.

Thiruvalla railway station is nearby station to Chathenkary.

Cochin International Airport Nedumbassery is 115 km away from Chathenkary.

Pallas's fish eagle

Pallas's fish eagle ("Haliaeetus leucoryphus"), also known as Pallas's sea eagle or band-tailed fish eagle, is a large, brownish sea eagle. It breeds in the east Palearctic in Kazakhstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Mongolia, China, India, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Bhutan. It is listed as endangered on the IUCN Red List.

Apparently, this species achieved its current, essentially land-locked distribution peculiar among sea-eagles due to the collision of Indian Plate with Eurasia. Although the exact timing is not well resolved, it is quite certain that Pallas's fish eagle is a descendant of those sea-eagles which inhabited the northwestern Bay of Bengal when it was a shallow straits separating mainland Asia from India, which still was an island at that time.

Sleeper (1973 movie)

Sleeper is a 1973 American science fiction comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and starring Diane Keaton, John Beck, Bartlett Robinson, Jackie Mason. It was distributed by United Artists.


Phayre's leaf monkey

The Phayre's leaf langur ("Trachypithecus phayrei"), also known as Phayre's monkey, is a species of Lutung native to Southeast Asia including Northeast India, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam and China. It spends most of life in trees and feeds on leaves of many tree species.

Un Juego de Huevos

Un Juego de Huevos is a 2D platform video game that was only created for the Zeebo by Swedish studio Fabrication Games. It is the first video game based on "Una Película de Huevos," a popular movie from the Mexican animation company Huevocartoon. The game came out on April 19, 2010 in Mexico. A version with Portuguese text called "Um Jogo de Ovos" came out in Brazil in August, 2010.

The game features all the main characters from "Una Película de Huevos", including Toto, Willy, Confi, Serp, Cuache and Tlacua, voiced by the same actors used in the movie. The story is also based on the film, but follows a different plotline. "Un Juego de Huevos" is the first video game based on a Mexican license. The goal of the game is to explore and battle through a series of increasingly difficult challenges. The game contains 25 levels, 5 battles with bosses and 10 unlockable levels of competition. One or two players can play in cooperative or competitive modes.

A package consisting of a Zeebo system, the game, a keyboard and a Huevocartoon DVD was launched in Mexico with a promotional price of $1999 pesos, along with a merchandising campaign in some department stores.


Bataan

Bataan (; ; ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Central Luzon region. The capital is Balanga.

Doctor Detroit

Doctor Detroit is a 1983 American comedy movie directed by Michael Pressman and stars Dan Aykroyd, Howard Hesseman, Lynn Whitfield, Fran Drescher, Donna Dixon. It was the first Dan Aykroyd worked following the death of his friend John Belushi and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Batanes

Batanes (; , ) is an archipelagic province in the Philippines that is found in the Cagayan Valley region. It is the northernmost province in the country, and also the smallest, both in population and land area. The capital is Basco located on the island of Batan.

The island group is about north of the Luzon mainland and about south of Taiwan, separated from the Babuyan Islands of Cagayan Province by the Balintang Channel, and from Taiwan by the Bashi Channel.

Young Doctors in Love

Young Doctors in Love is a 1982 American comedy movie directed by first time director Garry Marshall. It stars Michael McKean, Sean Young, Saul Rubinek, Harry Dean Staton, Hector Elizondo, Pamela Reed, Michael Richards, Dabney Coleman, Taylor Negron and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Occidental Mindoro

Occidental Mindoro (, , , ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the MIMAROPA region. The capital is Mamburao.  Dubbed as "Marine Wonderland," the fantastic land that is Occidental Mindoro is endowed with marine beauty from its virgin forests, beautiful white sand beaches, islands and islets rich in marine life, coral gardens, mysterious caves, and cascading waterfalls. 

The Driver

The Driver is a 1978 American crime thriller movie directed by Walter Hill and stars Ryan O'Neal, Bruce Dern, Isabelle Adjani. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Marinduque

Marinduque () is an island province of the Philippines. It is in the MIMAROPA region. The capital is the municipality of Boac.

Deal of the Century

Deal of the Century is a 1983 American comedy movie directed by William Friedkin and stars Chevy Chase, Sigourney Weaver, Gregory Hines, Richard Libertini, Wallace Shawn, Ray Manzarek. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was poorly received at the box office.


Wathena, Kansas

Wathena is a city in Doniphan County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,246 people live in Wathena.

Zap! Snowboarding Trix

The Lords of Flatbush

The Lords of Flatbush is a 1974 American coming of age drama movie directed by Martin Davidson and starring Sylvester Stallone, Perry King, Henry Winkler, Susan Blakely, Armand Assante. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Love and Death

Love and Death is a 1975 American comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also starred) and starring Diane Keaton, James Tolkan, Harold Gould, Zvee Scooler, Aubrey Morris, Jessica Harper. It was distributed by United Artists.

The Killer Elite

The Killer Elite is a 1975 American action thriller movie directed by Sam Peckinpah and based on the Robert Syd Hopkins novel "Monkey in the Middle". It stars James Caan, Robert Duvall, Burt Young, Bo Hopkins, Arthur Hill, Tiana Alexandra and it was distributed by United Artists.

Inserts (movie)

Inserts is a 1975 British drama movie directed by John Byrum and stars Richard Dreyfuss, Jessica Harper, Bob Hoskins, Veronica Cartwright. It was distributed by United Artists and was a box office disappointment. The movie is rated NC-17 by the MPAA.

Chester railway station

Chester railway station is a mainline railway station in the Newtown area of Chester in Cheshire, England.

The station, and the majority of trains that stop there, is managed by Transport for Wales. However, Avanti West Coast, Northern Trains and Merseyrail trains also stop at the station. 

Between 1875 and 1969, the station was known as Chester General to distinguish it from the now closed Chester Northgate. 


Souleuvre-en-Bocage

Souleuvre-en-Bocage is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Beaulieu, Le Bény-Bocage (the seat), Bures-les-Monts, Campeaux, Carville, Étouvy, La Ferrière-Harang, La Graverie, Malloué, Montamy, Mont-Bertrand, Montchauvet, Le Reculey, Saint-Denis-Maisoncelles, Sainte-Marie-Laumont, Saint-Martin-des-Besaces, Saint-Martin-Don, Saint-Ouen-des-Besaces, Saint-Pierre-Tarentaine and Le Tourneur.


Not3s

Lukman Olanrewaju Odunaike (born 17 April 1998), better known by his stage name Not3s (pronounced Notes), is an English rapper, singer-songwriter and actor from Hackney, London. He is of Yoruba descent, an ethnic group that inhabits western Africa but mainly Nigeria and Benin. 

Notable Not3s songs include, ""My Lover"" and ""Fine Line"". Both of those songs are collaborations with Mabel. His breakthrough song, ""Addison Lee"", has been described as a viral hit and achieved a lot of popularity for him. The song, which takes its name from the London taxi firm, achieved so much popularity that the artist was invited to the company's Christmas party in KOKO to perform the song.

Mabel (singer)

Mabel Alabama-Pearl McVey (born 19 February 1996), is an English singer and songwriter based in London. 

She is the daughter of Swedish singer Neneh Cherry and English record producer Cameron McVey. Her step-grandfather is American jazz trumpeter Don Cherry. She is the half-sister of singer Marlon Roudette.

Mabel's career began in 2015 with her debut single, ""Know Me Better"". It was discovered by BBC Radio 1 DJ Annie Mac, who made it the “Tune of the Week” on her program.

In May 2017, she released ""Finders Keepers"", a song featuring English rapper Kojo Funds, which reached the Top 10 of the UK Singles Chart. Later the same year, she released her debut EP ""Bedroom"", as well as a mixtape, ""Ivy to Roses"". In 2018, she was featured on ""Ring Ring"" alongside American rapper Rich the Kid and English DJ Jax Jones.

In January 2019, she was nominated for British Breakthrough Act at the 39th Brit Awards. On 7 June 2019, she released "Mad Love", the second single from her debut studio album, "High Expectations". The song debuted at number 18 in the UK, later peaking at number 8.

In June 2022, she performed at Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee concert. 

Shohreh Aghdashloo

Shohreh Aghdashloo () (born Shohreh Vaziri-Tabar; May 11, 1952) is an Iranian-American actress. Her first major part was in 1977 on the movie "The Report". She became well known for her part in "House of Sand and Fog" which she was considered for Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Aghdashloo currently has a starring role in "The Expanse". In 2013, she wrote a book about herself called "The Alley of Love and Yellow Jasmines".

Aghdashloo was born in Tehran, Iran. Her parents were Effie al-Sadat and Anushiravan Vaziri-Tabar and she has three brothers: Shahram, Shahriar and Shahrokh. At the age of 19, Aghdashloo married painter Aydin Aghdashloo in 1972. During this time, she went to classes on theater even though her parents did not approve. She and Aydin divorced in 1979 when she left Iran for England during the Iranian Revolution.

She went to Brunel University and earned a Bachelor's degree in international relations. Later, she moved to Los Angeles to pursue her acting career. She later became a U.S. Citizen. In 1987, she married actor and playwright Houshang Touzie. She was born to a Muslim family, but says she never practiced the religion.

Iranic peoples

The Iranic peoples also sometimes called Iranian peoples, are a ethno-linguistic group who speak Iranian languages, a branch of the Indo-European languages.

Modern Iranian peoples include the Kurds, Lurs, Mazanderanis, Ossetians, Azerbaijanis, Tats, Tajiks, Balochs, Talyshs, Zazas, Pashtuns, Pamiris, Yaghnobis, Wakhis, Persians and Gilaks.

Historical Iranic peoples include the; Alans, Scythians, Dahae, Sakas, Medes, Bactrians, Sogdians, Sarmatians, Parthians, Khwarezmians, Cimmerians, and Daylamites.



Kudensee

Kudensee is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Brebel

Brebel () is a former municipality of the district Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. On 1 March 2018, it is part of the municipality of Süderbrarup.

Ahlefeld

Ahlefeld is a former municipality of the district Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. On 1 March 2008, it was merged with Bistensee to form the new municipality of Ahlefeld-Bistensee.

Ahlefeld-Bistensee

Ahlefeld-Bistensee is a municipality of the district Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It was created on 1 March 2008 from the former municipalities Ahlefeld and Bistensee.

Bäk

Bäk is a municipality of the district Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Mason County, Washington

Mason County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Shelton. At the 2020 census, 65,726 people lived there.

San Juan County, Washington

San Juan County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Friday Harbor. At the 2020 census, 17,788 people lived there.

Skagit County, Washington

Skagit County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Mount Vernon. At the 2020 census, 129,523 people lived there.

Ruy López de Segura

Ruy López de Segura was a Spanish chess player, author, and priest who may have invented the Ruy Lopez chess opening.

Stevens County, Washington

Stevens County is a county in Washington in the United States. It is along the Canada–US border. The county seat is Colville. At the 2020 census, 46,445 people lived there.

The county was created on January 20, 1863. It is named after Isaac Stevens, the first governor of Washington Territory.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (2.5%) is water.





Elvis (disambiguation)

Elvis Presley (1935-1977) was an American singer and actor also known as simply Elvis.

Elvis may also refer to:








Snipping Tool

Snipping Tool is a screenshot tool that is made by Microsoft. It is a part of Windows Vista and later Windows operating systems. It can take a screenshot of an open window, rectangular areas, free-form areas, or all of the screen. Snipping Tool also has simple editing tools, like different colored pens, an eraser, and a highlighter.

A delay option was added to Snipping Tool on June 2015. The delay option lets the program wait from 0 to 5 seconds before making a screenshot. It was replaced on October 2018 by a similar program, Snip & Sketch.

Dries Holten

Dries (Andres) Holten (30 January 1936 – 15 April 2020) was a Dutch singer-songwriter. He represented the Netherlands at the 1972 Eurovision Song Contest alongside Sandra Reemer. After he and Reemer broke up Holten formed a new group with Rosy Pereira and called it Rosy & Andres. In 1980 Holten final group was of him and Ria Shield Meyer. He was born in Cimahi, Dutch East Indies.

Holten died on 15 April 2020 of cancer in Oostrum, Netherlands at the age of 84.

Norbert Blüm

Norbert Blüm (21 July 1935 – 23 April 2020) was a German politician. He was federal legislator from North Rhine-Westphalia, chairman of the CDU North Rhine-Westphalia (1987–1999), and minister of labor and social affairs from 1982 to 1988. His slogan "The pension is safe" ("Die Rente ist sicher") has been remembered. He was a member of the German Bundestag from 1972 to 1981 and from 1983 to 2002. 

Blüm was born in Rüsselsheim am Main, then Nazi Germany. Due to a sepsis he was paralyzed in arms and legs since 2019. He died on 23 April 2020 in Bonn, Germany at the age of 84.

Abdullah al-Hamid

Abdullah Hamid Ali al-Hamid () or Abu Bilal (12 July 1950 – 24 April 2020) was a Saudi poet, Arabic professor, human rights activist and a co-founder of the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association (ACPRA). He was in prison many times for supporting the creation of a constitutional monarchy in Saudi Arabia. He was born in Buraidah, Saudi Arabia. 

In 2018, he was awarded the Right Livelihood Award, together with other jailed activists and Waleed Abulkhair for "their visionary and courageous efforts, guided by universal human rights principles, to reform the totalitarian political system in Saudi Arabia."

al-Hamid was hospitalized after being electrocuted while in prison in Riyadh on 9 April 2020. He died of a stroke while in a coma on 24 April 2020, aged 69.

Dimitri Diatchenko

Dimitri Diatchenko (April 11, 1968 – April 21, 2020) was an American actor and musician. He was born in San Francisco, California. He was known for playing Russian villain roles. His best known roles were as Russian henchmen in "Get Smart" and "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull". He also played Yuri in "Chernobyl Diaries".

Diatchenko was found dead in his home in Coral Gables, Florida on April 21, 2020 of a heart attack, aged 52.

He was half ukrainian and half german.

Mircea Mureșan

Mircea Mureșan (11 November 1928 – 24 April 2020) was a Romanian movie director. He directed 22 movies, beginning in 1961. Mureșan won the prize for Best First Work at the 1966 Cannes Film Festival for the movie "Răscoala". He also directed "Blestemul pământului, blestemul iubirii" and "Toate pînzele sus".

Mureșan died on 24 April 2020 in Râmnicu Vâlcea, Romania at the age of 91.

Lynn Faulds Wood

Lynn Faulds Wood (25 March 1948 – 24 April 2020) was a Scottish television presenter and journalist. She was born in Glasgow. She was known for her works on "TV-am", "BBC Breakfast Time", "Watchdog", "GMTV" and "Watchdog: Test House". She worked for the BBC and ITV. 

Wood died on 24 April 2020 of a stroke, aged 72.


Regency (brandy)

Regency is a Thai brandy brand from Singha Corporation. It is the company that produce the beer Singha. The brandy is moderately successful.

Xipaya language

Xipaya (or Shipaja or Xipaia) is a language used by people in Pará, Brazil. It is one of the 70 Tupian languages of South America. 

Babylonian numerals

Babylonian cuneiform numerals were written in cuneiform, using a wedge-tipped reed stylus to make a mark on a soft clay tablet which would be exposed in the sun to harden to create a permanent record.

The Babylonians, who were famous for their astronomical observations, as well as their calculations (aided by their invention of the abacus), used a sexagesimal (base-60) positional numeral system inherited from either the Sumerian or the Eblaite civilizations. Neither of the predecessors was a positional system (having a convention for which 'end' of the numeral represented the units).

Ilocos Norte

Ilocos Norte () is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Ilocos region. The capital is Laoag City.

Hamel, Illinois

Hamel is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Coal Valley, Illinois

Coal Valley is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Ascoux

Ascoux is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Guimaras

Guimaras (; ; ) is an island province in the Philippines. It is in the Western Visayas region. The capital is Jordan.

Tekamah, Nebraska

Tekamah is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Burt County.

National symbols of India

The modern Republic of India (Hindi: ); has several official National symbols including a historical document, a flag, an emblem, an anthem, a memorial tower as well as several national heroes. All the symbols were picked up at various times. The design of the national flag was officially adopted by the Constituent Assembly just 21 days before Independence, on the 24th of July in 1947. There are also several other patriotic symbols including the national animal, bird, fruit, flower and tree. These have all been selected carefully to project the image of to reflect Indian culture and beliefs and also the positive tributes often associated with Indian traditions respectively.



Burwell, Nebraska

Burwell is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Garfield County.

Sawyerville, Illinois

Sawyerville is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Anthony Edwards

Anthony Charles Edwards (born July 19, 1962) is an American actor and director. He is most widely known for his role as Dr. Mark Greene on the first eight seasons of "ER", for which he received a Golden Globe award and six Screen Actors Guild Awards, and was nominated for four consecutive Primetime Emmy Awards. Additionally, he has appeared in various movies and television shows, including "Top Gun", "Zodiac", "Miracle Mile", "Revenge of the Nerds", "Planes", "Northern Exposure" and "Designated Survivor".


Michael Chiklis

Michael Charles Chiklis (born August 30, 1963) is an American actor, television director and television producer. He is best known for his role as LAPD Detective Vic Mackey on the FX police drama "The Shield", for which he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2002, and was nominated in 2003. He is also known for playing Commissioner Tony Scali on the ABC police drama "The Commish", The Thing in two "Fantastic Four" movies, and Jim Powell on the ABC science-fiction comedy-drama "No Ordinary Family". Additionally, he co-starred as Vincent Savino in the CBS crime drama "Vegas". In 2014 Chiklis joined the cast of "American Horror Story" for its fourth season, "". The following year he was cast as Nathaniel Barnes, in the second season of "Gotham""," as a series regular.


Scavenger Hunt

Scavenger Hunt is a 1979 American comedy movie directed by Michael Schultz and stars Richard Benjamin, James Coco, Ruth Gordon, Cloris Leachman, Roddy McDowall, Robert Morley, Tony Randall, Richard Mulligan, Meat Loaf, Vincent Price, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Stephen Furst, Julie Anne Haddock. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and suffered from bad reviews.

Andy Kindler

Andy Kindler (born October 16, 1956) is an American comedian from Queens, New York.

Majority government

A majority government is when a ruling party (or multiple ruling parties) has more than half the seats in a legislature. This is different from a minority government, when the party with the most seats in a legislature has less than half the seats, and a coalition government, when multiple different parties work together to govern. Usually when elections happen, the parties try to win a majority government. This is because majority governments let them pass all their legislation.

Sometimes, when parties have a very stable coalition for a very long time, people call it a majority government. One example of this is in Australia, where the Liberal and National have parties have worked together in a coalition for several decades.


John and Mary (movie)

John and Mary is a 1969 American romantic drama movie. It was directed by Peter Yates. It was based on the novel of the same name by Mervyn Jones. It stars Dustin Hoffman, Mia Farrow, Tyne Daly, Olympia Dukakis, Stanley Beck, Michael Tolan. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


No Place to Hide (1973 movie)

No Place to Hide is a 1973 American political thriller movie directed by Robert Allen Schnitzer and starring Sylvester Stallone. In 1990, the film was re-edited, this time as a comedy film titled A Man called Rambo.


The Onion Field (movie)

The Onion Field is a 1979 American crime drama movie directed by Harold Becker and based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Joseph Wambaugh. It stars James Woods, John Savage, Ted Danson, Franklyn Seales, Priscilla Pointer, Ronny Cox, Christopher Lloyd, and was distributed by Embassy Pictures.


Cagayan Valley

Cagayan Valley is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region II. It is in the northeastern part of Luzon Island. The capital is Tuguegarao City.

It has five provinces: Batanes, Cagayan, Isabela, Nueva Vizcaya, and Quirino. 

Most of the region is in a large valley, between the Cordilleras and the Sierra Madre mountain ranges. The Cagayan River flows from the Caraballo Mountains to the Luzon Strait. The region includes the Babuyan Islands and Batanes Islands to the north.

Daylesford, Victoria

Daylesford is a town in Victoria, Australia. It is in the foothills of the Great Dividing Range, within the Shire of Hepburn, and about 108 kilometres north-west of Melbourne. The town was first settled in 1852 as a gold-mining town. There were 2,548 people living in Daylesford in 2016.

The area around the town, including Hepburn Springs to the north, is known for its natural spring mineral spas. Over 80 per cent of Australia's sparkling mineral water is found in this area.

Daylesford is one of Australia's few spa towns. Many people visit for the spas, as well as the restaurants and galleries. It is also the filming location for the third season of The Saddle Club.

The area was the home of the Djadja Wurrung Aborigines. Farmers began to move into the district in 1838. In 1848, Irish immigrant John Egan took up land on the future town site then known as Wombat Flat. He and a party of searchers found gold in 1851 on land now covered by Lake Daylesford. This started a local gold rush. More gold was found around the area. The town site was surveyed and founded in 1852. At first the town was called Wombat, and later renamed Daylesford.

In 1859 there were 3400 people digging for gold. The post office opened on 1 February 1858 and a telegraph office was opened in August 1859. Daylesford was declared a municipality in 1859 and a borough in the early 1860s.

By the 1860s all the alluvial gold had been found. Large mines were built to get the gold that was found underground in the quartz reefs. Mining continued until the 1930s. In later years Daylesford became associated as being a fashionable spa resort, this ended during the Great Depression. In the 1990s it became fashionable again.

The Daylesford Magistrates' Court closed on 1 January 1990.

Daylesford is above sea level. It has a cooler, wetter climate than Melbourne. Summer (January–February) temperatures range from . July temperatures are cold, ranging from about to . Annual precipitation, occasionally falling as snow, averages about . In some years, rainfall has been as low as to over in other years.

The Daylesford-Hepburn Springs area, has 65 mineral springs. This is more than 80 per cent of Australia’s known mineral water springs. As a result, there are a number of spa developments including Hepburn Bathhouse &amp; Spa, Mineral Spa at Peppers Springs Retreat and Salus Spa, Lake House. The town holds a number of annual events, including the ChillOut Festival in March each year, the largest gay and lesbian festival in rural and regional Australia; the Harvest Week Festival; the lavender festival; and the Hepburn Springs Swiss Italian Festival celebrating the town's Swiss-Italian heritage.

Major industries in the economy of Daylesford today are healthcare, accommodation and food, and retail trade.

The town has several primary schools and one public secondary school, Daylesford Secondary College. The secondary college began as a mining school in 1890. Other schools include Daylesford Primary School, St. Michael's Primary School, and Daylesford Dharma School.

The Midland Highway runs directly through the town. It links to Castlemaine in the north and Ballarat in the south-west.

The railway to the town closed in 1978. The railway layout at Daylesford station was unusual in that the lines from Creswick and Carlsruhe both entered the station from the same end. The Daylesford Spa Country Railway currently operates a Sunday tourist service to Musk and Bullarto along the line towards Carlsruhe.

The town has an Australian Rules football team which plays in the Central Highlands Football League.
There is also the Daylesford and Hepburn United Soccer Club also known as the Saints .The Saints have won four league titles in their 20-year history along with two cup finals.




Calabarzon

Calabarzon is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Southern Tagalog Mainland or Region IV-A. It is on Luzon island. The capital is Calamba.

The region has five provinces: Cavite, Laguna, Batangas, Rizal, and Quezon. There is also one independent city: Lucena.

Bicol Region

The Bicol Region is a region of the Philippines. It is also known as Region V. The regional center and largest city is Legazpi City.

Bicol has six provinces. Four are on the Bicol Peninsula mainland – Albay, Camarines Norte, Camarines Sur, and Sorsogon. Two are the island provinces of Catanduanes and Masbate.

Mayon is the tallest volcano in the region. Mount Bulusan is the other active volcano in the region.

Western Visayas

Western Visayas is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region VI. The regional center is Iloilo City.

It has six provinces: Aklan, Antique, Capiz, Guimaras, Iloilo and Negros Occidental. There are also two independent cities: Bacolod City and Iloilo City. Western Visayas has the islands of Panay and the smaller Guimaras, as well as several outlying islands. It also includes the western half of the island of Negros.

Eastern Visayas

Eastern Visayas is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region VIII. The regional center is Tacloban.

There are three main islands: Samar, Leyte and Biliran. The region has six provinces, one independent city and one highly urbanized city. The provinces are Biliran, Leyte, Northern Samar, Samar, Eastern Samar, Southern Leyte. The cities are Ormoc and Tacloban.

The region is known for its famous landmark, the San Juanico Bridge.

Zamboanga Peninsula

Zamboanga Peninsula is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region IX. The regional center is Pagadian.

The region has three provinces (Zamboanga del Norte, Zamboanga Sibugay and Zamboanga del Sur) and two cities (Isabela City and Zamboanga City).

Northern Mindanao

Northern Mindanao is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region X. The regional center is Cagayan de Oro.

It has five provinces: Bukidnon, Camiguin, Misamis Occidental, Misamis Oriental, and Lanao del Norte.

Davao Region

Davao Region is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region XI. Its regional center is Davao City. 

There are five provinces: Davao de Oro, Davao del Norte, Davao del Sur, Davao Oriental, and Davao Occidental.

Soccsksargen

Soccsksargen (sometimes stylised as SOCCSKSARGEN) is an administrative region of the Philippines. It is also known as Region XII. The regional center is Koronadal.

There are four provinces and 1 city. They are South Cotabato, Cotabato, Sultan Kudarat, Sarangani and General Santos. 

Mindanao River is in the region. It empties into the Illana Bay of the larger Moro Gulf.

Caraga

Caraga is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is also known as Region XIII. It is on the northeastern part of the island of Mindanao. Butuan is the regional administrative center.

There are five provinces: Agusan del Norte, Agusan del Sur, Dinagat Islands, Surigao del Norte, and Surigao del Sur.

Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao

The Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao was an autonomous region of the Philippines. It was in the Mindanao island group of the Philippines.

There were 5 provinces: Basilan (except Isabela City), Lanao del Sur, Maguindanao, Sulu, and Tawi-Tawi. It was the only region that had its own government.

Bangsamoro

The Bangsamoro is an autonomous region in the southern Philippines. It is officially named the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao or BARMM.

It replaced the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in 2019.

The region includes Lake Lanao, one of the 17 most ancient lakes in the world. The Sulu archipelago region includes the Turtle Islands Wildlife Sanctuary (a UNESCO tentative site), Bongao Peak, and the Basilan Rainforest. Majority of the population in this region follow Islam. The capital city is Marawi.

Cordillera Administrative Region

Cordillera Administrative Region is an administrative region in the Philippines. It is on the island of Luzon. The regional center is Baguio.

It was created on July 15, 1987. There are 6 provinces: Abra, Apayao, Benguet, Ifugao, Kalinga and Mountain Province.

Mount Pulag, the highest mountain in Luzon, is in the region. Rivers include the Chico River, Abulog, and Siffu River. Tourist sites include Banaue Rice Terraces, Cassamata Hill National Park, and Balbalasang-Balbalan National Park.

Peter Neil Galgut

Dr. Peter Neil Galgut, PhD is a British periodontist and lecturer based out of London, England. Galgut was named "UK National Dentist of the Year Award" in 2010 and in 2013. Galgut has published several peer reviewed research papers on Periodontology.
Galgut was born and raised in Pretoria, South Africa. Galgut attended and and where he qualified as a dentist in 1971.

Galgut began his professional career working for the National Health Service, where he served as a general dentist for eight years. Subsequently, he went on to qualify as a Periodontist in University College London (UCL) and a Dento-Legal Expert Witness in . In 2016, the latter earned him the Expert Witness Award in Periodontology.




One More Train to Rob

One More Train to Rob is a 1971 American western movie by Andrew McLaglen and starring George Peppard, Diana Muldar, John Vernon, France Nuyen, Soon-Tek Oh, Hal Needham. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.



The Executioner (1970 movie)

The Executioner is a 1970 British spy thriller movie directed by Sam Wanamaker and starring George Peppard, Joan Collins, Judy Geeson, Charles Gray, Nigel Patrick, Keith Michell. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures. 


Cannon for Cordoba

Cannon for Cordoba is a 1970 American romantic western movie directed by Paul Wendkos and starring George Peppard, Pete Duel, Giovanna Ralli, Raf Vallone, Francine York, Hans Meyer. It was distributed by United Artists.


International Science and Engineering Fair

The Regeneron International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF) is an annual science fair in the United States, and is owned and administered by the Society for Science & the Public a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization based in Washington, D.C.. 

Each May, more than 1500 students from roughly 70 countries and territories compete in the fair for scholarships, tuition grants, internships, scientific field trips and the grand prizes, including one $75,000 and two $50,000 college scholarships. 

All prizes together amount to over $4,070,000. Two awards ceremonies are held including: Special Awards Organization Presentation (which now includes the Government Awards Presentations) and the Grand Awards Ceremony. The International Science and Engineering Fair was founded in 1950 by Science Service (now the Society for Science & the Public) and was sponsored by the Intel Corporation from 1997 to 2019. 

ISEF alumni include: 


Pretty Poison (movie)

Pretty Poison is a 1968 American black comedy movie. It was directed by Noel Black. The movie is based on the novel "She Let Him Continue" by Stephen Geller. It stars Anthony Perkins, Tuesday Weld, Beverly Garland, and Clarice Blackburn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is a cult movie.


Ebrahim Amini

Ebrahim Amini (30 June 1925 – April 24, 2020) was an Iranian politician. He was a member of the Assembly of Experts from 1983 to 2007 and again from 2016 to 2020. He was also a member of the Expediency Discernment Council. He was a possible candidate to become the next Iranian Supreme Leader.

Amini was known as a critic of the government of former president Mahmoud Ahmedinejad.

Amini died at a hospital on April 24, 2020 in Qom, Iran at the age of 94.

Captain Tom Moore

Captain Sir Thomas Moore (30 April, 1920 – 2 February, 2021), popularly known as Captain Tom, was a former British Army officer. He was known for his philanthropic work. Moore was in India and the Burma campaign during the Second World War. He later became an instructor in armoured warfare.

Moore was born on 30 April 1920 to British parents. His father was from of a family of builders, and his mother was a head teacher. Moore went to Keighley Grammar School.

After the war, he worked as managing director of a concrete company and was a motorcycle racer. He was born in Keighley, West Riding of Yorkshire.

On 6 April 2020, at the age of 99, he began to walk around his garden to raise money for NHS Charities Together during the COVID-19 pandemic, with the goal of raising £1,000 by his hundredth birthday. By 27 April he had raised over £29 million. He co-recorded a cover version of the song "You'll Never Walk Alone", which was at the top of the UK music charts and made him the oldest person in history to have a number one single.

On 6 July 2020 Queen Elizabeth II made him a knight.

In December 2020 Moore took a family holiday to Barbados after British Airways paid for his flight.

On 31 January 2021, Moore was taken to Bedford Hospital after testing positive for COVID-19 and being treated for pneumonia. On 2 February, he died from the illness aged 100.

Grandma Lee

Frances Lee Strong (May 29, 1934 – April 24, 2020), better known by her stage name Grandma Lee, was an American stand-up comedian. Lee was a contestant on the fourth season of "America's Got Talent". She was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

In 2009, she participated on the reality series "America's Got Talent". Although she made it to the top 10, she was in the bottom 5 and was eliminated from the competition in the finale on September 16, 2009. She told "People", "[My] material is based on the truth. I won’t say a cuss word or anything to jeopardize [myself]. I can do clean or edgy."

Strong died on April 24, 2020 at an assisted living facility in Jacksonville, Florida from problems caused by a broken hip, aged 85.

Stefan Lippe

Stefan Lippe (October 11, 1955 – April 24, 2020), was a German insurance manager. He was the CEO of Swiss Re from 2009 until 2012. He then co-founded Acqupart Holding AG, where he was Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, and Acqufin AG. He also co-founded Paperless Inc. He became an AXA Director in 2012 and Chairman of the AXA Audit Committee in 2013.

Lippe died on April 24, 2020 of COVID-19-related problems, aged 64.

The Statler Brothers

The Statler Brothers (sometimes simply referred to The Statlers) were an American country music, gospel, and vocal group. The quartet was formed in 1955 performing locally and, in 1964, they began singing backup for Johnny Cash until 1972.

Don Reid sang lead; Harold Reid, Don's older brother, sang bass; Phil Balsley sang baritone; and Lew DeWitt sang tenor and was the guitarist of the Statlers before being replaced by Jimmy Fortune in 1983 due to DeWitt's ill health. 

DeWitt continued to perform as a solo artist until his death on August 15, 1990, from heart and kidney disease. On April 24, 2020, Harold Reid died of kidney failure.

The Squad (United States Congress)

The Squad is the unofficial name for a group of eight Democratic Representaives elected in the 2018, 2020 and 2022 congressional elections in the United States House of Representatives. 

Members are Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Jamaal Bowman of New York; Ilhan Omar of Minnesota; Ayanna Pressley of Massachusetts; Cori Bush of Missouri; Rashida Tlaib of Michigan; Greg Casar of Texas and Summer Lee of Pennsylvania.

All members are people of color, Democrats, and when elected, were under 50 years old. It has been said The Squad reflects the diversity of a younger political generation inspired by Bernie Sanders's 2016 presidential campaign. Ocasio-Cortez named the original group of four--Omar, Pressley, Ocasio-Cortez and Tlaib--"The Squad" in an Instagram post a week after election day 2018. 

The average age of the Squad was 38.3 years as of mid-2019, nearly twenty years younger than the overall House average age of 57.6 years.

On July 14, 2019, President Donald Trump tweeted that The Squad should "go back and help fix the totally broken and [dangerous] places from which they came. Then come back and show us how it is done." Many saw this comment as racist, especially because all are American citizens (Omar became a naturalized citizen in her youth). The next day, The Squad members responded "we are here to stay" in a news conference." Trump responded with more tweets.

On July 15, 2019, Ocasio-Cortez responded to Trump in a tweet: "It’s important to note that the President’s words yday ["sic"], telling four American Congresswomen of color 'go back to your own country,' is hallmark language of white supremacists. Trump feels comfortable leading the GOP into outright racism, and that should concern all Americans."

According to CNN, members of the Squad are highly known for "their criticism of the U.S. relationship with Israel". After the beginning of the Israel-Hamas War, six members of the Squad were part of 10 House Representatives to vote against a resolution condemning Hamas. Pressly and Casar voted "present". In a statement after the attack, Squad member Rashida Tlaib called Israel an "apartheid state".

Members of the Squad, such as Ilhan Omar, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, and Rashida Tlaib are against Islamophobia.

Hiram Johnson

Hiram Warren Johnson (September 2, 1866August 6, 1945) was an American progressive Republican politician.

He was the 23rd Governor of California from 1911 to 1917 and a United States Senator from 1917 to 1945. He was also Theodore Roosevelt's running mate in the 1912 presidential election on the Progressive (also known as the "Bull Moose") ticket.

Johnson unsuccessfully ran for the Republican presidential nomination in 1920 and 1924 and supported Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt in the 1932 presidential election. 

Johnson supported many of the New Deal programs but came to oppose Roosevelt as his presidency grew longer. Johnson remained in the Senate until his death in 1945 from cerebral thrombosis.


Hemostasis

Hemostasis or haemostasis is a process to prevent and stop bleeding, meaning to keep blood within a damaged blood vessel (the opposite of hemostasis is hemorrhage). 

It is the first stage of wound healing. This involves coagulation, blood changing from a liquid to a gel. Intact blood vessels are important to moderating blood's tendency to form clots.

The word "hemostasis" (, "sometimes" ) uses the combining forms "hemo-" and "-stasis", New Latin from Ancient Greek αἱμο- "haimo-" (akin to αἷμα "haîma"), "blood", and στάσις stásis, "stasis", yielding "motionlessness or stopping of blood".

Wound healing

When person is wounded, the tissue at the wound is damaged. Many organisms can replace this damaged tissue with new tissue. This occurs in several steps, and is generally known as tissue healing, or wound healing. 

In undamaged skin, the epidermis (surface layer) and dermis (deeper layer) form a protective barrier against the external environment. When the barrier is broken, biochemical events repair the damage. This process is divided into predictable phases: blood clotting (hemostasis), inflammation, tissue growth (proliferation), and tissue remodelling (maturation). Blood clotting may be seen as part of the inflammation stage instead of a separate stage.

In general, after the wound is fully healed, a scar will remain. Even after the scar has appeared remodelling processes take place. It can take a very long time until this scar has reached its final form.

Sometimes complications from wound healing can occur. A common one is infections during the healing process, which will lead to more scars or larger ones. 

This process is not limited to humans, but it does not apply to organisms with a hard exoskeleton such as arthropods.

Devanand Konwar

Devanand Konwar (1943 – 25 April 2020) was an Indian politician. In 2009, he became the Governor of West Bengal and Bihar. In 2010, he retired as West Bengal Governor. In 2013, he retired as Bihar Governor to become Governor of Tripura. He retired in 2014.

Konwar died on 25 April 2020, aged 77.

Ernest Courant

Ernest Courant (March 26, 1920 – April 21, 2020) was a German-born American physicist. He was important for the creation of modern large-scale particle accelerator concepts. 

His most notable discovery was his 1952 work with Milton S. Livingston and Hartland Snyder on the Strong focusing principle, a critical step in the development of modern particle accelerators like the synchrotron. 

Courant was a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He worked at Brookhaven National Laboratory. 

He turned 100 in March 2020 and died the following month.

Stony Brook, New York

Stony Brook is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County, New York. The population was 13,467 at the 2020 census.

Brookhaven, New York

The Town of Brookhaven is the most populous of the ten towns of Suffolk County, New York, United States. It is part of the New York metropolitan area. It is about 50 miles from Manhattan. It is the largest of New York State's 932 towns by area (when water area is included), and the second most populous after the Town of Hempstead. In the 2020 census, the population was 485,773 people.

Brookhaven has a major university called Stony Brook University.

Mahendra Kumar

Mahendra Kumar (1973 – 25 April 2020) was an Indian activist. He was in charge of the Karnataka branch of the Bajrang Dal, an Indian Hindu youth organisation. He was said to have been involved in the 2008 Christian attacks in Karnataka on 14 September 2008. 

He said he was in jail for 42 days in Mangalore before being released on conditional bail by Karnataka High Court. He was a critic of the Bharatiya Janata Party calling it a regime to "save the government from further embarrassment after the church attacks and on instructions from the Sangh Parivar leaders."

Kumar died on 25 April 2020 of a heart attack, aged 47.

Joel Rogosin

Joel Rogosin (October 30, 1932 – April 21, 2020) was an American television producer and screenwriter. He was known for producing such television series as "77 Sunset Strip", "The Virginian", "Ironside", "Magnum, P.I.", and "Knight Rider" from the 1960s to the 1990s. He was nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards for his work on "Ironside" in 1970 and 1971, and received his third Emmy nomination for producing "Magnum, P.I." in 1983. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Rogosin died on April 21, 2020 in Los Angeles of COVID-19, aged 87.

E-mail attachment

An e-mail attachment is a computer file that is sent along with an e-mail message. The user can attach one or more files to any e-mail message. E-mail attachments are a simple method to share documents and images. A paper clip icon is usually used to signify an attachment.

Polymorphic code

Polymorphic code is computer code that is able to change itself, but also keep the exact instructions. The code can change every time it is run. Polymorphic code is sometimes used by computer viruses, worms and other malware so that they can hide from antivirus software.

Sobekneferu

Sobekneferu (sometimes called "Neferusobek") was a pharaoh of Egypt between 1806 to 1802 BC. She ruled after Amenemhat IV died. She was the last ruler of the Twelfth Dynasty of Egypt. Her name means "the beauty of Sobek."

To Beast or Not To Beast

To Beast or Not To Beast is an album released by Lordi. It was released on 1 march 2013.


Chekkulam

Chekkulam is a village in Kozhencherry, Pathanamthitta District, Kerala State, India.

Chekkulam is situated about 2.5 km from Kozhencherry.

Chengara

Chengara is a small village in Pathanamthitta district in Kerala. The nearest towns to chengara are Konni which is of about 6 km and Pathanamthitta which is of about 10 km. Konni medical college is just 3 km away from the village.

The population is just above 1500. The literacy rate of the village is 99%.

1) Orakuzhi

Orakuzhi is a small Waterfalls, located at the Kizhakkupuram border of the village .This place is a common hang out place of the youths of chengara,

2) Meemooti thodu

Another water falls in chengara. This Waterfalls is more dangerous than orakuzhi. Here water falls into huge depth over a huge rock. The officials had a plan to build a small dam in the stream, but later they dropped the plan due to unfavorable result of the feasibility study.

3) Helipad

Private helipad is developed by Harrisons Malayalam limited for uses relating to the rubber plantation. However, it is not functioning now.

4) Harrisons Malayalam Rubber Plantation

Harrisons Malayalam Rubber Plantation is a rubber plantation which covers significant part of Chengara. The plantation area is more than 3000 acres.

5) Chemmani Rubber Plantation

Another rubber plantation in Chengara over 300 acres.

Various institutions in chengara are

1) Bethel Marthoma Church

2) St.George Orthodox Church Chengara ( chengara pally)

3) St. Patricks Malankara Catholic Church

4) Sree Mahadevar Temple

5) Chengara Service Co-operative Society, Ltd no : 3137.

6) G.C.S LP School, Chengara.

7) Chengara Pravasi Association

8) Chengara Post Office

9) Olive Mart Super Market

The village is frequently mentioned in the media due to a land struggle, popularly known as "Chengara Samaram", which is led by Laha Gopalan. The Sadu Jana Vimochana Samara Vedi (SJVSV) agitation began with hundreds of Vedi workers encroaching upon the Kumbazha Estate of Harrison Malayalam Limited at Chengara on 4 August 2007, demanding five acres of land for farming and Rs.50,000 towards initial farming expenses to each landless family among them. They pitched tents on the occupied land and started tapping the rubber trees at the estate for livelihood. The Vedi leader claims that 200 hectares of land at Chengara is under SJVSV occupation. Really the land struggle is not taking place in Chengara, but in Harrisons Malayalam Estate more than 3 km away, which is popularly known as Chengara estate. So it got the name "Chengara Samaram". A fact is that it is taking place on the Athumpumkulam border of the Harrisons Malayalam Estate not in the border of Chengara.


Chenneerkara

As of the 2011 India census, Chenneerkara had a population of 19124 people, with 8882 males, and 10242 females.

Govt UPS Erathumpamon


Riverton, Utah

Riverton is a city in Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, 45,285 people live in Riverton.

Batangas

Batangas, officially the Province of Batangas ( ), is a province of the Philippines located in the Calabarzon region in Luzon. Its capital is the city of Batangas.

Biliran

Biliran (; Waray-Waray: "Probinsya han Biliran") is an island province of the Philippines. It is in the Eastern Visayas region. The capital is Naval.

Benguet

Benguet (; Ibaloi: "Probinsya ne Benguet"; ; ; ) is a province of the Philippines located in the southern tip of the Cordillera Administrative Region in the island of Luzon. The capital is La Trinidad.

Whatcom County, Washington

Whatcom County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Bellingham. At the 2020 census, 226,847 people lived there.

Whitman County, Washington

Whitman County is a county in Washington in the United States. The county seat is Colfax. At the 2020 census, 47,973 people lived there. The county was created on November 29, 1871.

Landrecht, Germany

Landrecht is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Sankt Margarethen, Germany

Sankt Margarethen is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. As of 31 December 2018, 820 people lived there.

Stördorf

Stördorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Bekdorf

Bekdorf is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. The river Bekau flows through Bekdorf.

List of British national symbols

State symbols of the United Kingdom, is a list of the National symbols of the United Kingdom. This includes its constituent countries (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland).

Each entry has its own set of unique Symbols respectively. British things which are emblematic, representative or otherwise characteristic of Great Britain or British culture. Some are established, official symbols; for example, the Royal Arms of England, which has been codified in heraldry. Other symbols may not have official status, for one reason or another, but are likewise recognised at a National or International level.

English trait consist of symbols to represent Anglican traditions and ideals that reflect the different aspects of the cultural life and history. There are also several other symbols including the national animal, bird, flower and tree etc...

Scottish trait includes symbols to represent Scottish and Celtic/Gaelic traditions and ideals that reflect the different aspects of the cultural life and history. There are also several other symbols including the national animal, bird, flower and tree etc...

Welsh trait includes symbols to represent Welsh and Celtic traditions and ideals that reflect the different aspects of the cultural life and history. There are also several other symbols including the national animal, bird, flower and tree etc...

Ray Hnatyshyn

Ramon John Hnatyshyn ( "Roman Hnatyshyn") (March 16, 1934 – December 18, 2002), known as Ray Hnatyshyn, was a Canadian politician who was the 24th Governor General of Canada. Before this, he was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada for over 14 years.

Hnatyshyn was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He was elected to the House of Commons for the first time in the 1974 federal election. He was part of the cabinet of two different Prime Ministers, Joe Clark and Brian Mulroney. He was chosen by Queen Elizabeth II to replace Jeanne Sauvé as the Governor General in 1989. He was sworn in on January 29, 1990. He was replaced as Governor General in 1995 by Roméo LeBlanc.

Hnatyshyn died on December 18, 2002.


Sega Touring Car Championship

Androscoggin County, Maine

Androscoggin County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 111,139. The county seat is Auburn.

Hancock County, Maine

Hancock County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 55,478. The county seat is Ellsworth.

Université Laval

Université Laval is a French-language public research university. It is in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. It was created in 1852 by a royal charter by Queen Victoria.

The Séminaire de Québec was very important in setting the university up. They were the ones that funded the university and led it. This is why the name "Laval" comes from the Séminaire's founder, François de Laval.

Sheila Copps

Sheila Copps (born November 27, 1952) is a Canadian former politician. She was the deputy Prime Minister of Canada from 1993 to 1997. She was also a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada and a Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) in the Ontario Legislative Assembly. While Jean Chrétien was Prime Minister, she was a member of his cabinet.

Copps tried to become the leader of both the Ontario Liberal Party and the federal Liberal Party but she failed both times.


A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy

A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy is a 1982 American comedy movie directed by Woody Allen (who also stars) and based on the 1955 Ingmar Bergman's "Smiles of a Summer Night". It stars Mia Farrow, José Ferrer, Julie Hagerty, Tony Roberts, Mary Steenburgen, Michael Higgins and distributed by Warner Bros. The movie was nominated for one Razzie in 1983.

Play It Again, Sam (movie)

Play It Again, Sam is a 1972 American comedy movie directed by Herbert Ross and based on the 1969 play of the same name by Woody Allen (who also stars). It stars Diane Keaton, Tomy Roberts, Susan Anspach, Jerry Lacy, Jennifer Salt and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Hide in Plain Sight

Hide in Plain Sight is a 1980 American drama movie directed by James Caan (who also starred) and based on the novel of the same name by Leslie Waller. It stars Jill Eikenberry, Robert Viharo, Kenneth McMillan, Danny Aiello, Danny Clennon, Beatrice Winde, Josef Sommer and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

The Front

The Front is a 1976 American comedy drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and written by Walter Bernstein. It stars Woody Allen, Zero Mostel, Danny Aiello, Michael Murphy and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Dan Croll

Daniel Francis Croll (born 18 July 1990) is an English singer-songwriter from Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire who is currently based in Liverpool, Merseyside.

Croll was born in the town of Newcastle-under-Lyme in the county of Staffordshire. At the age of 18, he moved to Liverpool to attend the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts (LIPA). While attending the institute, he won the national "Songwriter of the Year" award from the Musicians' Benevolent Fund and was one of eight students picked to have a one-to-one with LIPA founder Paul McCartney.

His debut single, ""From Nowhere"", was released on 24 September 2012. He released his second single ""Compliment Your Soul"" in March 2013. This was followed up by the release of ""In/Out"" in July the same year. On 13 October 2013, Croll released the song ""Home"" on his own VEVO channel on YouTube. His song ""Compliment Your Soul"" was included in the soundtrack of "FIFA 14", a football video game. As well as FIFA, a remix of ""From Nowhere"", titled ""From Nowhere (Baardsen Remix)"", was featured on the soundtrack of "Grand Theft Auto V".

The Long Goodbye (movie)

The Long Goodbye is a 1973 American crime thriller movie directed by Robert Altman and based on the 1953 novel of the same name by Raymond Chandler. It stars Elliott Gould, Sterling Hayden, Nina Van Pallandt, Jim Bouton, Mark Rydell, Arnold Schwarzenegger and was distributed by United Artists.

Benishangul-Gumuz Region

Benishangul-Gumuz is a region in Ethiopia. The capital city is Assosa. The name of the region comes from two local ethnic groups – Berta (also called as Benishangul) and Gumuz.

Like other Regions in Ethiopia, Benishangul-Gumuz is divided into administrative zones.

Madeon

Hugo Pierre Leclercq (born 30 May 1994), better known by his stage name Madeon, is a French DJ and music producer from Nantes, Brittany who is currently based in Los Angeles, California, United States.

Leclercq initially came to widespread public attention through a video he uploaded to YouTube, "Pop Culture", where he performed a mash-up of 39 different popular songs in real-time using a Novation Launchpad. The video received millions of views in its first few days of release.

His first EP, "The City", was released in 2012.


Dire Dawa

Dire Dawa is one of two chartered cities in Ethiopia. The other chartered city is Addis Ababa, the capital. It is divided administratively into two woredas, the city proper and the non-urban woreda of Gurgura.

It is on the Dechatu River. The western outskirts of the city are on the Gorro River.

The Dire Dawa University was created in 2006.


Subdivisions of Ethiopia

Ethiopia is administratively divided into regional states and chartered cities, zones, "woreda" (districts) and "kebele" (wards).

The 9 regional states or "kililoch" are based on ethnic territoriality:
Additionally there are two chartered cities:

The 9 regions are further divided into 68 zones.

Woreda or districts are smaller subdivisions.

Kebele are municipalities. They are the smallest administrative division.

Stafford railway station

Stafford railway station is a mainline railway station that serves the market town of Stafford in Staffordshire, England. It is situated on a the junction of the Trent Valley line branch of the West Coast Main Line and the Rugby–Birmingham–Stafford line.

The station is the second busiest in Staffordshire, the busiest being Stoke-on-Trent.

Other services which do not operate on a regular basis are also present at Stafford, including other Avanti West Coast services and Transport for Wales services.

Gambela Region

Gambela is a region in Ethiopia. The capital city is also named Gambela.

It is between the Baro and Akobo River. Gambela National Park covers about 15% of the land.

The region is divided into:

Harari Region

Harari is a region in Ethiopia. The capital city is Harar. It is the homeland of the Harari people.

Unlike other regions in Ethiopia, Harari is not divided into zones. It is first divided into woredas and then kebeles.

The woredas are:

Somali Region

The Somali Regional State is a region in Ethiopia. The capital city is Jijiga.

Like other Regions in Ethiopia, Somali Region is divided into eleven administrative zones and Six Special administrative zones:


The zones are divided into districts.

Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's Region

Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region is a region in Ethiopia. It is also known as SNNPR. The capital city is Awasa.

The following list of administrative zones and special woredas is based on information from the 2007 census.



Arthur Fry

Arthur Fry (born 19 August 1931) is a retired American inventor and scientist. He is known as the co-creator of the Post-it Note. In 2010, Art Fry was added into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Fairmont, Minnesota

Fairmont is a city in and the county seat of Martin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 10,487 at the 2020 census.

Tigray Region

The Tigray Region is a region in Ethiopia. The capital city is Mekelle. Tigray is the homeland of the Tigrayan, Irob and Kunama peoples. The main language is Tigrinya.

Tigray has 1 international airport and 4 commercial airports. The international airport is Alula Aba Nega Airport. The 4 commercial airports are Shire Airport, Humera Airport, Dansha Airport, and Axum Atse Yohannes 4th Airport.

Like other Regions in Ethiopia, Tigray is divided into administrative zones:

Every August, people from Tigray State celebrate Ashenda. This is a girls' festival of song and dance.

Joseph S. Pulver Sr.

Joseph S. Pulver Sr. (July 5, 1955 – April 24, 2020) was an American horror novelist, editor and poet. Pulver Sr. was born in Schenectady, New York. Pulver started his publishing career in the early 1990s. His works focused from Robert Wiene's "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" to H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos and Robert W. Chambers' "King in Yellow". His best known works were "Nightmare's Disciple" and "The Orphan Palace".

Pulver Sr. died at a German hospital of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on April 24, 2020 at the age of 64.


Jocelyn Barrow

Dame Jocelyn Anita Barrow (15 April 1929 – 9 April 2020) was a British educator, community activist and politician. She was the Director for UK Development at Focus Consultancy Ltd. She was oppurtune to be the first black woman to be a governor of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) and she was the founder and Deputy Chair of the Broadcasting Standards Council.

Gasoline additives

Gasoline additives increase gasoline's octane rating or act as corrosion inhibitors or lubricants, thus allowing the use of higher compression ratios for greater efficiency and power.

Miguel Ángel Troitiño

Miguel Ángel Troitiño Vinuesa (1947 – 21 April 2020) was a Spanish geographer. He was a professor of human geography at the Complutense University of Madrid (UCM). He was an expert in cultural tourism and heritage preservation. He was born in El Arenal, Ávila, Spain.

He died of COVID-19 on 21 April 2020 in Madrid.

Duverger's law

In political science, Duverger's law holds that plurality-rule elections (such as "first past the post") structured within single-member districts tend to favor a two-party system, whereas "the double ballot majority system and proportional representation tend to favor multipartism". The law is attributed to French sociologist Maurice Duverger, who first observed it, and wrote several papers in the 1950s and 1960s. The idea is that someone taking a rational choice in a system with many parties will give his or her vote to a candidate who stands a chance of being elected, and not necessarily to the candidate of the party he or she supports most. This will mean that the votes will be for two candidates. One of them wlil be centre-left, the other cenre-right of the political spectrum. 

This approach has also been criticized: The effect only works if there are few lines of conflict (called cleavages) between the candidates. Examples for such line of conflict are rich voters vs. poor ones, Many societies also have other lines of conflict as well: Some people are more religious than others, ideas about idelogy and culture are different, often, there are ethnic minorities in parts of the country.

The classical example, where duverger's law worked was the United Kingdom: In 1974 and 2010, there was a third party (the Liberal Party, or the Liberal Democrats) were able to get enough seats in parliament to change this.

Novo-Ogaryovo

Novo-Ogaryovo is an estate near Moscow. Since 2000, it has been the residence of Vladimir Putin.

The Paper Chase (movie)

The Paper Chase is a 1973 American coming of age drama movie. It was directed by James Bridges. The movie is based on the 1971 novel by John Jay Osborn Jr.. Actors include: Timothy Bottoms, Lindsay Wagner, John Houseman, Blair Brown, James Naughton, and Graham Beckel. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. 

It was nominated for three Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1974. Houseman won for Best Supporting Actor. There was a 1978 television series based on the movie. 


Savage Harvest

Savage Harvest is a 1981 American action adventure horror movie directed by Robert L. Collins and starring Tom Skerritt, Michelle Phillips, Anne-Marie Martin, Derek Partridge, Arthur Malet and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Newman's Law

Newman's Law is a 1974 American crime thriller movie directed by Richard T. Heffron and starring George Peppard, Eugene Roche, Roger Robinson, Louis Zorich, Abe Vigoda, David Spielberg, Kip Niven and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

The Marriage of a Young Stockbroker

The Marriage of a Young Stockbroker is a 1971 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by Lawrence Turman and based on novel of the same name by Charles Webb. It stars Richard Benjamin, Joanna Shimkus, Adam West, Elizabeth Ashley and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

R. P. M.

R. P. M. is a 1970 American drama movie directed by Stanley Kramer, written by Erich Segal and starring Anthony Quinn, Ann-Margaret, Gary Lockwood, Paul Winfield, Graham Jarvis. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


AtariAge

AtariAge is a website that is mostly about classic Atari video games. It features gaming news, historical archives, discussion forums, and an online store. It was founded in 1998.

Atari Age is named after the 1982–84 "Atari Age" magazine. AtariAge also features a searchable database of many things related to Atari video games, including manuals, packaging art, estimated rarity, screenshots, reviews and more, and also an "Atari Age" magazine archive. A community of homebrew developers for Atari and other classic video game systems is also hosted. Some homebrew games AtariAge published first have been included in official video game compilations, such as "Activision Anthology".



Slaughterhouse-Five (movie)

Slaugherhouse-Five is a 1972 American science fiction comedy movie directed by George Roy Hill and based on the novel of the same name by Kurt Vonnegut. It stars Michael Sacks, Ron Leibman, Eugene Roche, Valerie Perrine, Kevin Conway, Roberts Blossom and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Summer Rental

Summer Rental is a 1985 American comedy movie directed by Carl Reiner and starring John Candy, Joey Lawrence, Rip Torn, Karen Austin, Kerri Green, John Larroquette. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Plain text

Plain text is textual data. It represents characters of readable material. Plain text is fairly limited because it cannot contain any typesetting commands. It is often stored in a plain text file.

Summer School (1987 movie)

Summer School is a 1987 comedy movie directed by Carl Reiner (who also stars) and starring Mark Harmon, Kirstie Alley, Courtney Thorne-Smith, Dean Cameron. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Neelamperoor Padayani

Neelamperoor Padayani is a Padayani which happens in Neelamperoor Palli Bhagavathi Temple in Neelamperoor, Alappuzha district, Kerala, India.

The word Padayani means line of infantry. The name Padayani arrived due to the line formation of people like troops.

The mythology of Neelamperoor padayani lies with Cheraman Perumal.

It is believed that this festival is very old. It has the cultures of Hinduism and Buddhism. Chinese traveller Fa-Hien said this festival resembles a festival of Buddhists in Patna in his travelogue.


First Monday in October

First Monday in October is a 1981 American comedy drama movie directed by Ronald Neame and based on the play of the same name by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee. It stars Walter Matthau, Jill Clayburgh, Barnard Hughes, Jan Sterling in her final feature movie role and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Charley Varrick

Charley Varrick is a 1973 American crime action thriller movie. It was directed by Don Siegel. Actors include: Walter Matthau, Andrew Robinson, Joe Don Baker, John Vernon, Felicia Farr. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. The movie is based on the novel "The Looters" by John H. Reese.

Matthau won the 1974 British Academy of Film and Television Arts Awards for Best Actor in "Charley Varrick". In addition, Frank Morriss was nominated for the 1974 BAFTA Award for Best Editing.

Earthquake (movie)

Earthquake is a 1974 American adventure drama movie. It was directed by Mark Robson. Actors include Charlton Heston, Ava Gardner, George Kennedy, Walter Matthau, Geneviève Bujold, Richard Roundtree, Lloyd Nolan, Lorne Greene, and Kip Niven. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

The movie was nominated for 4 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1975. It won for Best Sound. It also received a Special Achievement Academy Award for Visual Effects.


Breaking Away

Breaking Away is a 1979 American comedy drama movie. It was directed by Peter Yates. Actors include: Dennis Christopher, Dennis Quaid, Daniel Stern, Jackie Earle Haley, Paul Dooley, and Barbara Barrie. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The movie was nominated for 5 Oscars in 1980. It won for Best Original Screenplay. An unsuccessful TV series was made in 1980.

History of the World, Part I

History of the World, Part I is a 1981 American comedy movie written and directed by Mel Brooks. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Mel Brooks also plays 5 roles: Moses, Comicus the stand-up philosopher, Tomás de Torquemada, King Louis XVI, and Jacques. The large group of actors includes: Madeline Kahn, Dom DeLuise, Harvey Korman, Cloris Leachman, Gregory Haines, Sid Caesar, Orson Welles, Spike Milligan. 

The movie was nominated for Worst Picture at the 1981 Stinkers Bad Movie Awards. Roger Ebert gave the movie two stars out of four.


Hex (1973 movie)

Hex is a 1973 American western horror movie. It was directed by Leo Garen. It starred Keith Carradine, Cristina Raines, Scott Glenn, Gary Busey, Hilary Thompson, and Dan Haggerty. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

"Hex" played at the Atlanta Film Festival on September 8, 1973. It won the festival's Golden Jury Award. Norman Mailer considered "Hex" one of the top-ten best movies of 1973.


Kolmogorov–Smirnov test

The Kolmogorov–Smirnov test is a test from statistics. This test is done either to show that two random variables follow the same distribution, or that one random variable follows a given distribution. It is named after Andrey Kolmogorov and Nikolai Smirnov.

Kennebec County, Maine

Kennebec County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 123,642. The county seat is Augusta, the state capital. The county was created on February 20, 1799.

Knox County, Maine

Knox County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 40,607. The county seat is Rockland.

Yaka language (Kivu)

Yaka is a minor Bantu language. It is spoken by some people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. They mostly live on the north shore of Lake Kivu.

Made for Each Other (1971 movie)

Made for Each Other is a 1971 American romantic comedy movie directed by Robert B. Bean and stars Paul Sorvino, Renee Taylor, Joseph Bologna, Olympia Dukakis, Candice Azzara, Louis Zorich. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Pandora and Giggy take part in a group therapy session. The shy girl and the smooth talker, who seem to have nothing in common, fall in love and create the event that will upset everyone around them.


Dreamer (1979 movie)

Dreamer is a 1979 American sports drama movie directed by Noel Nosseck and starring Tim Matheson, Susan Blakely, Jack Warden, Owen Bush, Pedro Gonzalez Gonzalez, Morgan Farley. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Norma Rae

Norma Rae is a 1979 American political drama movie directed by Martin Ritt and starring Sally Field, Beau Bridges, Ron Leibman, Pat Hingle, Barbara Baxley. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and nominated for 4 Oscars and won 2 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1980.


Brenac

Brenac is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune of Quillan.

Caudeval

Caudeval is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Lambronne.

Conilhac-de-la-Montagne

Conilhac-de-la-Montagne is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Roquetaillade-et-Conilhac.

Argeliers

Argeliers is a commune of 2,139 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Argens-Minervois

Argens-Minervois is a commune of 347 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cahuzac, Aude

Cahuzac is a commune of 32 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pech-Luna

Pech-Luna is a commune of 75 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Quillan

Quillan is a commune of 3,258 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Brenac became a part of the commune of Quillan.

Armissan

Armissan is a commune of 1,520 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Arques, Aude

Arques is a commune of 254 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Port-la-Nouvelle

Port-la-Nouvelle is a commune of 5,567 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Arquettes-en-Val

Arquettes-en-Val is a commune of 79 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Artigues, Aude

Artigues is a commune of 73 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Arzens

Arzens is a commune of 1,238 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Aunat

Aunat is a commune of 67 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Auriac, Aude

Auriac is a commune of 43 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Axat

Axat is a commune of 547 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Azille

Azille is a commune of 1,144 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Badens

Badens is a commune of 785 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bages, Aude

Bages is a commune of 803 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bagnoles

Bagnoles is a commune of 308 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Per Olov Enquist

Per Olov Enquist (23 September 1934 – 25 April 2020) was a Swedish author. He worked as a journalist, playwright and novelist. He became well-known around the world with his novel "The Visit of the Royal Physician" (1999). His awards include Nordic Council Literature Prize (1968), "Dobloug Prize" (1988), "Nelly Sachs Prize" (2003) and "Swedish Academy Nordic Prize" (2010). Some of his works have been translated from Swedish to English by Tiina Nunnally. 

Enquist was born in Hjoggböle, a village in present-day Skellefteå Municipality, Västerbotten. He died on 25 April 2020 in Vaxholm of multiple organ failure. He was 85.


Baraigne

Baraigne is a commune of 174 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Battle of Lade

The Battle of Lade was a naval battle which occurred in 494 BC. It was fought between an alliance of the Ionian cities (joined by the Lesbians) and the Persian Empire of Darius the Great. The Persians won the revolt and this led to the end of the war.

Barbaira

Barbaira is a commune of 750 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belcaire

Belcaire is a commune of 394 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belcastel-et-Buc

Belcastel-et-Buc is a commune of 58 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belflou

Belflou is a commune of 121 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belfort-sur-Rebenty

Belfort-sur-Rebenty is a commune of 26 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bellegarde-du-Razès

Bellegarde-du-Razès () is a commune of 238 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belpech

Belpech is a commune of 1,273 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Giulietto Chiesa

Giulietto Chiesa (4 September 1940 – 26 April 2020) was an Italian journalist, author, lecturer and politician. He was born in Acqui Terme, Piedmont. He served as a member of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2009.

Chiesa died on 26 April 2020 at the age of 79.

Belvèze-du-Razès

Belvèze-du-Razès is a commune of 868 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Belvianes-et-Cavirac

Belvianes-et-Cavirac is a commune of 255 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Kauko Juhantalo

Kauko Johannes Juhantalo (28 April 1942 – 26 April 2020) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Centre Party. He served as a member of the Parliament of Finland many times (1979–1993, 1995–1999, 2003–2007, 2015–2019). He was also Minister of Trade and Industry from 1991 to 1992.

Juhantalo was born in Kankaanpää, Satakunta. He died of cancer on 26 April 2020, two days before his 78th birthday.

Belvis

Belvis is a commune of 160 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Berriac

Berriac is a commune of 954 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bessède-de-Sault

Bessède-de-Sault is a commune of 47 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Bezole

La Bezole is a commune of 44 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bizanet

Bizanet is a commune of 1,685 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bize-Minervois

Bize-Minervois is a commune of 1,185 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Blomac

Blomac is a commune of 227 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bouilhonnac

Bouilhonnac is a commune of 227 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bouisse

Bouisse is a commune of 100 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bouriège

Bouriège is a commune of 127 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bourigeole

Bourigeole is a commune of 51 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Le Bousquet

Le Bousquet is a commune of 44 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Boutenac

Boutenac is a commune of 721 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Plaigne

Plaigne is a commune of 116 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bram, Aude

Bram is a commune of 3,204 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Brézilhac

Brézilhac is a commune of 174 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Spearman, Texas

Spearman is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Brousses-et-Villaret

Brousses-et-Villaret is a commune of 344 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Fa, Aude

Fa is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Val-du-Faby.

Fred the Godson

Frederick Thomas (February 22, 1985 – April 23, 2020), known as Fred the Godson, was an American DJ and rapper. He was born in The Bronx, New York City. In the early-2010s, he released two mixtapes; his debut was "Armageddon" in 2010, featuring samples of the Notorious B.I.G., Busta Rhymes, Waka Flocka Flame and Cam'ron. His second release, "City of God", was one of a series for DJ Drama’s Gangsta Grillz, and featuring P. Diddy, Pusha T and Raekwon.

Between 2011 and 2020, Thomas released music and performed regularly, guest DJ-ing on New York radio station Hot 97, and worked with artists including Pusha T, Jadakiss, Cam’ron, and Raekwon. He produced two additional mixtapes in 2020, "Training Day" in January with Jay Pharoah, and "Payback", released March 20, 2020.

On April 6, 2020, Thomas was diagnosed with COVID-19 and later suffered from asthma and kidney failure. He died from the infection on April 23, 2020 in The Bronx, aged 41.

Val-du-Faby

Val-du-Faby is a commune of 562 people (in the year 2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Fa and Rouvenac.

Rouvenac

Rouvenac is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Val-du-Faby.

Gueytes-et-Labastide

Gueytes-et-Labastide is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Lambronne.

Montlaur, Aude

Montlaur is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Dagne.

Pradelles-en-Val

Pradelles-en-Val is a former commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Dagne.

Roquetaillade

Roquetaillade was a commune. It was in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France. On 1 January 2019, it became part of the new commune Roquetaillade-et-Conilhac.

Ricardo Brennand

Ricardo Coimbra de Almeida Brennand (27 May 1927 – 25 April 2020) was a Brazilian businessman, engineer and art collector. In 2002 he founded the Ricardo Brennand Institute, which includes the world's largest private collection of Frans Post paintings, and was the 17th highest-rated museum in the world according to TripAdvisor in 2014. He was born in Cabo de Santo Agostinho, Brazil.

Brennand died on 25 April 2020 of COVID-19 in Recife, Brazil at the age of 92.

Val-de-Dagne

Val-de-Dagne is a commune of 739 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Montlaur and Pradelles-en-Val.

Fré Vooys-Bosma

Fré Vooys-Bosma (30 September 1926 – 25 April 2020) was a Dutch politician. Vooys-Bosma became the first female Labour Party councilor in The Hague in 1982. She retired in 1990.

Fré Vooys-Bosma died in The Hague on 25 April 2020, aged 93.

Brugairolles

Brugairolles is a commune of 273 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Kim Chungyum

Kim Chung-yum (; 3 January 1924 – 25 April 2020) was a South Korean politician. Working for President Park Chung-hee, he was the longest serving chief presidential secretary in South Korean history from 1969 to 1979. He also was Minister of Finance and Minister of Commerce and Industry from in 1966 and from 1967 to 1969. From 1979 to 1980, he was an Ambassador to Japan. Kim was a member of the Democratic Republican Party.

Kim died on 25 April 2020, aged 96.

Tomás Balcázar

Tomás Balcázar González (May 4, 1931 – April 26, 2020) was a Mexican footballer. He played as a forward. He played at club level for C.D. Guadalajara from 1948 to 1958 and internationally for Mexico from 1953 to 1954. Balcázar was born in Guadalajara, Mexico.

Balcázar died on April 26, 2020 in Guadalajara, aged 88.

Graeme Watson (cricketer)

Graeme Donald Watson (8 March 1945 – 24 April 2020) was an Australian cricketer. He played in five Tests and two One Day Internationals (ODIs) from 1966 to 1972. He was born in Kew, Victoria. He played for the national team from 1966 to 1972. He also played 18 games of Australian rules football for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 1965 and 1966.

Watson died on 24 April 2020 of cancer, aged 75.


Les Brunels

Les Brunels is a commune of 273 people (2017). It is in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Bekmünde

Bekmünde is a municipality in Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Bugarach

Bugarach is a commune of 228 people (2017). It is in the Occitanie in the Aude department in south France.

Lincoln County, Maine

Lincoln County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 35,237. The county seat is Wiscasset.

Bukidnon

Bukidnon (; Binukid and Higaonon: "Probinsya ta Bukidnon") is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Northern Mindanao region. The capital of this province is Malaybalay while Valencia is the largest city.

Eastern Samar

Eastern Samar (Waray-Waray: "Sinirangan Samar"; ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Eastern Visayas region. The capital is Borongan.

Occipital bone

The occipital bone is a bone at the lower back of the skull. At the base of the skull (and the occipital bone) there's a large opening, called foramen magnum, where the spinal chord passes into the skull. 

Josephine Hull

Marie Josephine Hull (née Sherwood; January 3, 1877 – March 12, 1957) was an American actress. She won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the movie "Harvey" (1950). 

Hull died on March 12, 1957, aged 80, from a cerebral hemorrhage in The Bronx.

Harvey (movie)

Harvey is a 1950 American comedy-drama movie based on Mary Chase's play of the same name, directed by Henry Koster. It starred James Stewart and Josephine Hull. The movie is about a man whose best friend is a six-foot-3.5 in. invisible rabbit named Harvey. 


Peggy Dow

Peggy Dow (born Peggy Josephine Varnadow; March 18, 1928) is an American philanthropist and actress. She was born in Columbia, Mississippi. 

Dow made nine movies, most notably as Nurse Kelly in "Harvey" (1950), and as Judy Greene in "Bright Victory" (1951). She also starred as Laura in "Reunion in Reno" and as Ellen in "You Never Can Tell" (both 1951).

Columbia, Mississippi

Columbia is a city in Marion County, Mississippi. The population was 5,864 as of the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Marion County.

Charli D'Amelio

Charli Grace D'Amelio (born May 1, 2004) is an American social media personality and dancer. She is the first person to earn both 50 million and 100 million followers on TikTok. She was the second-highest earning TikTok personality in 2019 according to "Forbes". She is sometimes called TikTok's biggest star.

She and her sister Dixie, worked with UNICEF, speaking out against online bullying and about the troubles of finding fame on TikTok.

In 2021, Charli won the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice award for Female Social Star.

D'Amelio's channel began on TikTok in the summer of 2019, who uploaded videos of her dancing.

D'Amelio starred in her own reality television series named "The D'Amelio Show".

Her father Marc D'Amelio is a politician. Her mother is Heidi D'Amelio. Her sister is Dixie D'Amelio.

All That Jazz

All That Jazz is a 1979 American musical drama movie directed by Bob Fosse and starring Roy Scheider, Jessica Lange, Leland Palmer, Ann Reinking, Cliff Gorman, John Lithgow, Anthony Holland, C. C. H. Pounder, Wallace Shawn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 9 Oscars and won 4 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1980.


Indo-Islamic architecture

Indo-Islamic architecture (sometimes called Indo-Persian architecture) is a type of architecture and engineering from the Indian subcontinent. Some parts of this type of architecture is similar to architecture from West and Central Asia. In history, Indo-Islamic architecture comes from the time when Islamic empires were in India. It began when Delhi became the capital of the Ghurid dynasty in 1193. Many different dynasties brought in different similarities with Persian and Turkic architecture.

American Go Association

The American Go Association (AGA) was founded in 1935, and it is responsible to promote and manage the board game of Go in the United States of America. It is also a member of the International Go Federation.

The AGA publishes a weekly online newsletter, The American Go E-Journal, and an annual "Yearbook". They maintains a national rating system and organizes national events, The US Go Congress and AGA City League. They also select North American representatives in international tournaments; and support their members as they promote Go in their communities. AGA also holds a youth summer camp that includes instruction from professional players.
In December 2011, The AGA made a new professional players system for the US and Canada. Their certification system is open to US and Canadian citizens via invitation. In recognition of this movement, several Asian professional tournaments have invited AGA professionals.
Professional status in Go is valid for life unless the player retires (This is also same in Japan and other Asian countries). The dates below indicate when the players were granted the AGA professional status.



Special Achievement Academy Award

The Special Achievement Award is an Academy Award. It is given for an achievement that makes an exceptional contribution, but for which there is no yearly award category.

This table displays the people who received the Special Achievement Oscar for their contributions to movie. The category started in 1972. 

1987 Burkinabé coup d'état

The 1987 Burkinabé coup d'état was a coup d'état by the Burkina Faso Armed Forces. It happened in Ouagadougou on 15 October 1987. It was started by Captain Blaise Compaoré against the President Thomas Sankara, who was his friend. 

From Hell to Victory

From Hell to Victory (Italian: Contro 4 bandiere, French: De l'enfer à la victoire, Spanish: De Dunkerke a la victoria) is a 1979 Italian Spanish French World War II drama movie directed by Edmondo Amati and Umberto Lenzi. Actors include George Peppard, George Hamilton, Horst Bucholz, Ray Lovelock, Anny Duperey, Lambert Wilson, Jean-Pierre Cassel.

Hulk (movie)

Hulk is a 2003 American superhero movie directed by Ang Lee. It was based on the Marvel character Hulk by Stan Lee. "Hulk's" main actors are Eric Bana, Jennifer Connelly, Sam Elliott, and Nick Nolte.

In the 1960s, David Banner wanted to create super soldiers but General Ross denied him permission. David decided to test on himself. He later had a son named Bruce.

Lady Chatterley's Lover

Lady Chatterley's Lover is a 1981 British French German erotic drama movie directed by Just Jaeckin and based on the 1928 novel of the same name by D. H. Lawrence. It stars Sylvia Kristel, Nicholas Clay, Shane Briant, Ann Mitchell, Elizabeth Spriggs, Anthony Head, Bessie Love and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon

Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon () is a 2000 wuxia movie directed by Ang Lee and written by Wang Hui-ling, James Schamus and Tsai Kuo Jung, based on the Chinese novel by Wang Dulu. The movie features an international cast of Chinese actors, including Chow Yun-fat, Michelle Yeoh, Zhang Ziyi and Chang Chen.


The Survivors (movie)

The Survivors is a 1983 American comedy movie directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Walter Matthau, Robin Williams, Jerry Reed, Kristen Vigard, John Goodman, Annie McEnroe, James Wainwright. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Eat Drink Man Woman

Eat Drink Man Woman () is a 1994 comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Ang Lee. It starred Sihung Lung, Yu-wen Wang, Chien-lien Wu, and Kuei-mei Yang. The movie was released on 3 August 1994. It was both a critical and box office success.

In 1994, the movie received the Asia Pacific Film Festival Award for Best Film. In 1995 it received an Academy Award nomination for Best Foreign Language Film.

The Towering Inferno

The Towering Inferno is a 1974 American action drama thriller movie directed by John Guillermin and starring Paul Newman, Steve McQueen, William Holden, Fred Astaire, Susan Blakely, Richard Chamberlain, Jennifer Jones, Robert Vaughn, Robert Wagner, Dabney Coleman, O.J. Simpson, Susan Flannery. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros. and was nominated for 8 Oscars and won 3 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1975.


Bijan Kumar Shill

Dr. Bijon Kumar Sil is a famous scientist, scholar, and teacher from Bangladesh who currently works at the Gonoshasthaya Kendra.

Bijan Kumar was born 1961 to parents Rashik Chandra Shill and Kironmoyee Shill in Baraigram, Natore, Bangladesh. He is the fifth of six born to his parents. He has two children. 

He studied in Saint Joseph High School and College, Bonpara, Natore. Bijan then attended Edward College, Pabna, and completed the higher secondary education. He studied at the Bangladesh Agriculture University and earned his Bachelor's degree in Veterinary Science. He also did the postgraduate degree in Microbiology from same university. He then graduated from Surrey University, England, with a Ph.D degree.

When he invented Rapid Dot Blot Kit to detect COVID-19, he comes down to the timeline. On April 25, 2020, his invented kit will detect the coronavirus in less than 15 minutes.

Handle with Care

Handle with Care is a 1977 American movie directed by Jonathan Demme and starring Paul Le Mat, Candy Clark, Bruce McGill, Roberts Blossom, Charles Napier, Ed Begley Jr., Harry Northup. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Phantom of the Paradise

Phantom of the Paradise is a 1974 American rock musical horror comedy movie directed by Brian De Palma and is based on the novels of Gaston Leroux. It stars Rod Serling, William Finley, Paul Williams, Jessica Harper, Gerrit Graham. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was a box office failure and since become a cult movie and was nominated for one Oscar at the Academy Awards in 1975.


The House on Skull Mountain

The House on Skull Mountain is a 1974 American mystery horror movie directed by Ron Honthaner. It stars Victor French, Janee Michelle, Xernona Clayton, Ella Woods, Mike Evans and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


John Ball (priest)

John Ball (c. 1338 - 15 July 1381) was a Medieval Priest who clashed with the Archbishop of Canterbury after he started performing sermons against Work Service (Serfdom).

Ball was later freed by Wat Tyler and began to persuade peasants to join the Peasants Revolt. Ball was later killed after King Richard II after the Peasants Revolt was put to an end by the king.

John Ball was the child of Joan and William Ball, in Peledon near Colchester. He was born in 1331. Ball was trained in York, and moved a lot over the country, living in Norwich, Colchester, and Kent. 

Ball was later imprisoned in Maidstone, Kent for his contradictory views on Christianity. He was then released, but continued to preach his radical ideas. This caused Ball to be released and imprisoned many a time. This cycle came to an end however, in 1381 when John was released from prison by former ex-soldier and leader of the Peasants revolt, Wat Tyler. This was a real turnaround for Ball, Tyler needed Ball to preach to the local Peasants, asking them to discontinue performing Work Service.

Now in Tyler's Peasant army, Ball began to march to London. There, London's gates were mysteriously opened and Tyler's army flooded in to the capital city. King Richard II, not wanting any trouble, decided to meet the Peasants at Mile End. There, the two forces began talks, surprisingly the King agreed to abolish Work Service, and accepted the other demands the army asked for. meanwhile, a rogue group of Peasants began to lay siege to the Tower of London, killing the Archbishop of Canterbury and many others. 

Knowing another talk would have to be held,John and Tyler decided to meet the king outside the city walls, there the Kings army murdered Tyler and forced the Peasants to flee. None of the Peasants demands were met and Ball, (along with many other rebels) was executed.

The One and Only (1978 movie)

The One and Only is a 1978 American sports comedy movie directed by Carl Reiner and starring Henry Winkler, Gene Saks, Kim Darby, William Daniels, Hervé Villechaize, Ed Begley Jr., Rowdy Roddy Piper. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


National Lampoon's Animal House

National Lampoon's Animal House is a 1978 American comedy movie directed by John Landis and written by Ivan Reitman. It stars John Belushi, Peter Riegert, Tim Matheson, John Vernon, Kevin Bacon, Donald Sutherland, Bruce McGill, Tom Hulce, Karen Allen, Stephen Furst and it was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was spun off into the short lived TV series "Delta House" in 1979.


King of the Gypsies (movie)

King of the Gypsies is a 1978 American drama movie directed by Frank Pierson and based on the 1975 novel of the same name by Peter Maas. It stars Eric Roberts, Susan Sarandon, Brooke Shields, Judd Hirsch, Shelley Winters, Annette O'Toole, Sterling Hayden and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Taps (movie)

Taps is a 1981 American drama movie directed by Harold Becker and based on the 1979 novel "Father Sky" by Devery Freeman. It stars George C. Scott, Timothy Hutton, Ronny Cox, Sean Penn, Tom Cruise, Evan Handler and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Butch and Sundance: The Early Days

Butch and Sundance: The Early Days is a 1979 American western movie directed by Richard Lester and stars Tom Berenger, William Katt, Jeff Corey, Peter Weller, Brian Dennehy, Christopher Lloyd. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 1 Oscar at the Academy Award in 1980. This is the prequel to the 1969 movie "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid".


Benjamin Hornigold

Benjamin Hornigold (1680–1719) was a pirate. He was Edward Teach's captain. He was also a friend of Oliver Levasseur, a French pirate from Calais.

Mood swing

A mood swing is a quick change in mood. These can promote problem solving and in producing flexible forward planning. However, when mood swings are so strong that they become unhelpful, they may be the main part of a bipolar disorder.

Personal and possesive pronoun

English personal pronouns are a type of pronoun that change form according to number, person, gender, or function in the sentence (case). Although today's English has fewer changes to words (inflection) than Old English, personal pronouns still have kept many forms from Old English.

Note: "his" and "its" can be "possessive determiners" or "possessive pronouns". Look at the complete sentences to find out which function the pronoun has.

The Mad Adventures of Rabbi Jacob

The Mad Adventures of Rabbi Jacob (, ) is a 1973 French Italian adventure comedy movie directed by Gérard Oury and stars Louis de Funès, Marcel Dalio, Suzy Delair, Claude Giraud, Renzo Montagnani, Xavier Gélin. It was distributed in the United States by 20th Century Fox.


The Laughing Policeman (movie)

The Laughing Policeman is a 1973 American police thriller movie directed by Stuart Rosenberg and based on the 1968 novel of the same name by Maj Sjöwall and Per Wahlöö. It stars Walter Matthau, Bruce Dern, Louis Gossett Jr., Anthony Zerbe, Albert Paulsen, Joanna Cassidy, Gregory Sierra and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Cinderella Liberty

Cinderella Liberty is a 1973 American romantic drama movie directed by Mark Rydell and based on the novel of the same name by Daryl Ponicsan. It stars James Caan, Marsha Mason, Eli Wallach, Burt Young, Dabney Coleman, Bruno Kirby and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1974.


Porky's II: The Next Day

Porky's II: The Next Day is a 1983 American Canadian sex comedy movie directed by Bob Clark and is the sequel to "Porky's" (1981). It stars Dan Monahan, Wyatt Knight, Mark Herrier, Nancy Parsons, Cyril O'Reilly, Kaki Hunter, Eric Christmas, Joseph Runningfox and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jupiter Hammon

Jupiter Hammon (October 17, 1711 – ca. 1806) was a writer. He is known as a founder of African-American literature, because his poem (published in 1761 in New York) was the first by an African American in North America. He published both poetry and prose after that. He was also a preacher and a commercial clerk on Long Island, New York.

Hammon was born into slavery at the Lloyd Manor on Long Island. Hammon learned to read and write. In 1761, Hammon published his first poem, "An Evening Thought: Salvation by Christ with Penitential Cries." He was the first African American poet published in North America. He was also a well-known and well-respected preacher and clerk-bookkeeper. He was widely circulated for his poems about slavery. As a committed Christian evangelist, Hammon criticized slavery based on the Bible.


Buckypaper

Buckypaper is a thin sheet made from an aggregate of carbon nanotubes or carbon nanotube grid paper. The nanotubes are approximately 50,000 times thinner than a human hair. Originally, it was fabricated as a way to handle carbon nanotubes, but it is also being studied and developed into applications by several research groups, showing promise as vehicle armor, personal armor, and next-generation electronics and displays.

Comparative flame test of airplanes made of cellulose, carbon buckypaper and inorganic boron nitride nanotube buckypaper.
Buckypaper is one tenth the weight yet potentially 500 times stronger than steel when its sheets are stacked to form a composite. It could disperse heat like brass or steel and it could conduct electricity like copper or silicon.

Buckypaper is a macroscopic aggregate of carbon nanotubes (CNT), or "buckytubes". It owes its name to the buckminsterfullerene, the 60 carbon fullerene (an allotrope of carbon with similar bonding that is sometimes referred to as a "Buckyball" in honor of R. Buckminster Fuller).

Melvin H. Evans

Melvin H. Evans (August 7, 1917 – November 27, 1984) was the first elected Governor of the U.S. Virgin Islands. He was also the first Black governor of the territory. He was governor from July 1, 1969 to January 6, 1975.

He was a member of the Republican Party.

Rouge

Rouge are a Brazilian pop girl group formed in 2002, through the SBT and Disney Channel talent show "Popstars" produced by RGB Entertainment. The group comprised singers Aline Wirley, Fantine Thó, Karin Hils, Li Martins (then known as Patrícia Lissah) and Lu Andrade.

The group's debut studio album, the best-selling self-titled "Rouge" (2002), sold more than 2 million copies in Brazil. The success of the album was boosted by the songs "Não Dá pra Resistir", "Beijo Molhado" and, mainly, "Ragatanga", which helped to establish the group on a national platform. Their follow-up album, "C'est La Vie" (2003) produced the singles "Brilha La Luna", "Um Anjo Veio Me Falar" and "Vem Cair na Zueira", sold over 1 million copies. After the departure of Andrade, the four remaining members continued and released the albums "Blá Blá Blá" (2004) and "Mil e Uma Noites" (2005). The group disbanded in June 2006, when the contract with Sony Music was not renewed.

Measures of their success include, have sold 6 million records sales, becoming the most successful pop girl group in Brazil and Latin America, Under the guidance of their mentor and entrepreneur, music producer Rick Bonadio, they embarked on sold-out tours throughout Brazil and several countries in Latin America, Europe and Africa. They were also stars of commercials and television programs, as well as the faces of various licensed products such as sticker albums, sandals and dolls.

On September 12, 2017, they reformed for a second time, this time as a five-members, to celebrate a fifteen-year birthday, embarked on a tour of sold-out shows all over Brazil, the 15 Anos Tour. In followed, he released his first unreleased song since 2005, "Bailando". And, on February 1, 2019 the fifth studio album, "Les 5inq", was released. On January 24, 2019, a new hiatus was announced for an indefinite time. It is unknown if Rouge will reunite after this new hiatus.


List of prime ministers of Nepal

The prime minister of Nepal is the chief executive and head of the government of Nepal. This is a list of prime ministers in Nepal


Wagon

A wagon (sometimes called a waggon) is a type of vehicle that has four wheels. It can be used to transport goods, food, supplies, and sometimes people. It can be pulled by a person, by animals, or by a vehicle (such as a tractor). A wagon used to be called a wain. A person who builds or repairs wagons is called a wainwright. A person who drives wagons is called a "wagoner", a "teamster", a "bullocky" (Australia), a "muleteer", or simply a "driver".

Jerry Mouse

Gerald "Jerry" Mouse is one of the main characters in the "Tom and Jerry". as a character is cute brown mice deuteragonist character of the franchise. 

Carlo Sabatini (actor)

Carlo Sabatini (7 April 1932 – 10 April 2020) was an Italian actor. He was born in Rome. He was known for voice dubbing movie roles of Morgan Freeman and Sir Ian McKellen from English to Italian. He voiced dubbed Magneto in "X-Men", "X2", "", "The Wolverine", and "".

Sabatini died on 10 April 2020 in Rome, aged 88.

Lucas Neff

Lucas Neff (born November 7, 1985) is an American actor. He is best known for his lead role in the Fox sitcom "Raising Hope", and starred on the CBS sitcom "Carol's Second Act".

Neff was born and raised in the Andersonville area of Chicago, Illinois. He is of Irish and Jewish descent.

Gregg Binkley

Gregg Binkley (born March 20, 1963) is an American television actor. He is best known for his roles as Kenny James on the NBC sitcom "My Name Is Earl" and as Dan, the Del Taco spokesperson. He has also had guest spots on "Gilmore Girls", "Malcolm in the Middle", "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch", "Yes, Dear", "The Drew Carey Show", "Full House", and "Wizards of Waverly Place".

Bruce Allpress

Bruce Robert Allpress (25 August 1930 – 23 April 2020) was a New Zealand actor. He appeared in many television dramas and also presented on television and radio productions. In the mid-1980s, he was a regular on "The Billy T. James Show", as well as featuring alongside Tommy Lee Jones in the pirate adventure movie "Nate and Hayes". He was best known for his role as Aldor in the movie "".

Allpress died on 23 April 2020, aged 89, in Auckland six months after being diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.

Alan Abel (musician)

Alan Abel (1928 – April 25, 2020) was an American percussionist, music educator, and inventor. He was the Associate Principal Percussionist of the Philadelphia Orchestra from 1959 until his retirement in 1997. He taught at Temple University beginning in 1972. 

Abel died on April 25, 2020 from COVID-19.

Thomas Huang

Thomas Shi-Tao Huang (, June 26, 1936 – April 25, 2020) was a Chinese-born American electrical engineer and computer scientist. He was a researcher and professor emeritus at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC). Huang was one of the important scientist in computer vision, pattern recognition and human computer interaction. Huang was born June 26, 1936, in Shanghai, Republic of China.

Emilio S. Allué

Emilio Simeon Allué Carcasona, SDB (18 February 1935 – 26 April 2020) was a Spanish-American prelate of the Catholic Church. He was an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Boston until his retirement in 2010. He was born in Huesca, Spain.

Allué died from COVID-19 in Boston on 26 April 2020, aged 85.

Big Al Carson

Alton "Big Al" Carson (October 2, 1953 – April 26, 2020) was an American blues and jazz singer. He performed with his band, the Blues Masters, in New Orleans, and with other bands. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He played tuba in addition to singing. Carson performed and recorded with multiple jazz and brass bands in New Orleans, including under the leadership of Doc Paulin, Lars Edegran, and Dr. Michael White.

Carson died on April 26, 2020 at the age of 66 after a heart attack in New Orleans.

Gideon Patt

Gideon Patt (; 22 February 1933 – 26 April 2020) was an Israeli politician. He was born in Jerusalem. Patt was a member of the Knesset from 1970 to 1996. He was a Minister of Industry from 1979 to 1984 and Tourism in 1981 and again from 1988 to 1992. He was a member of Likud.

Patt died on 26 April 2020 in Jerusalem at the age of 87.

Henri Weber

Henri Weber (23 June 1944 – 26 April 2020) was a French politician of Jewish-Polish descent. He was a Member of the European Parliament for the north-west of France from 2004 to 2014. He was a member of the Socialist Party (PS). From 1995 to 2004, Weber was a member of the French Senate. His father-in-law was politician Jean-Claude Servan-Schreiber.

Weber died on 26 April in 2020 in Avignon of COVID-19, aged 75.

Bernard Gersten

Bernard Gersten (January 30, 1923 – April 27, 2020) was an American theatrical producer. His career began in the 1960s through the early 2000s. He was born in Newark, New Jersey. From 1960 to 1978, Gersten worked with Joseph Papp as associate producer at the New York Shakespeare Festival. He was an executive producer of Lincoln Center Theater from 1986 until he retired in 2013. In 2013, he won a Special Tony Award.

Gersten died from pancreatic cancer in New York City on April 27, 2020, aged 97.

Ramon Jimenez Jr.

Ramon Reyes Jimenez Jr. (July 14, 1955 – April 27, 2020) sometimes known as "Monet" or "Mon Jimenez", was a Filipino advertising businessman and politician. He was Secretary of Tourism from 2011 to 2016 during the presidency of Benigno Aquino III. He was born in Manila.

Jimenez died on April 27, 2020 in Manila, aged 64.

Tiede Herrema

Dr Tiede Herrema (21 April 1921 – 24 April 2020) was a Dutch businessman. He was kidnapped by the Provisional Irish Republican Army in 1975. He was born in present-day Utrecht.

In the 1970s, Herrema ran a wire factory, Ferenka, in the city of Limerick, Ireland. On the morning of 3 October 1975, having just left his home in Castletroy near Limerick, Herrema was kidnapped by two members of the Provisional Irish Republican Army. The kidnappers wanted the release of three IRA prisoners, including Rose Dugdale.

After a massive security operation, the kidnappers were eventually traced on 21 October 1975 to a house in Monasterevin, County Kildare. After a further two-week-long struggle, Herrema was released.

Herrema died on 24 April 2020, three days after his 99th birthday.

Rob Shick

Rob Shick (born 4 December 1957 in Port Alberni, British Columbia) is a retired National Hockey League referee. He began his career with the 1985–86 NHL season. He retired in March 2009. 

Shick refereed over 1,321 NHL regular season games, 130 playoff games, and two All-Star Games during his career. His final game was on March 7, 2009 at Ronald B. Stafford Arena where the Plattsburgh State Cardinals faced the Norwich Cadets. 

Birbhum district

Birbhum district is a district in West Bengal, India.

During the time of British East India Company, the administrative unit by the name Birbhum was formed in 1787. Before that, it was administratively a part of Murshidabad district. After independent (1947) Birbhum district is an administrative unit in the Indian state of West Bengal. 

It is the northernmost district of Burdwan division—one of the five administrative divisions of West Bengal. The district headquarters is in Suri. Other important cities are Rampurhat, Bolpur and Sainthia. Jamtara, Dumka and Pakur districts of the state of Jharkhand lie at the western border of this district; the border in other directions is covered by the districts of Bardhaman and Murshidabad of West Bengal.



Often called "the land of red soil". Birbhum is noted for its topography and its cultural heritage which is somewhat different from the other districts in West Bengal. The western part of Birbhum is a bushy region, a part of the Chhota Nagpur Plateau. This region gradually merges with the fertile alluvial farmlands in the east.

This district saw many cultural and religious movements in history. The Visva Bharati University at Santiniketan, established by Rabindranath Tagore, is one of the places Birbhum is known for. Many festivals are celebrated in the district, including Poush Mela.

Birbhum is primarily an agricultural district with around 75% of the population being dependent on agriculture. Principal industries of the district include cotton and silk harvesting and weaving, rice and oilseed milling, lac harvesting, stone mining and metalware and pottery manufacture. Bakreshwar Thermal Power Station is the only heavy industry in the district.

Central Division, Fiji

The Central Division is one of four divisions in Fiji. The capital of the division is Suva, which is also the capital of Fiji.

It has five provinces - Naitasiri, Namosi, Rewa, Serua and Tailevu. The division includes the eastern part of the largest island in Fiji, Viti Levu. There are also a few outlying islands, including Beqa.

Eastern Division, Fiji

The Eastern Division is one of four divisions in Fiji. The capital of the division is Levuka, on the Ovalau island. 

It has Kadavu Province, Lau Province, Lomaiviti Province and Rotuma. Other islands in the division include Kadavu, Gau, Koro, Nairai, Moala, Matuku, Vatu Vara, Naitaba, Mago, Cicia, Tuvuca, Lakeba, Vanua Vatu, Oneata, Vuaqava, Kabara, Moce, and Fulaga.

Northern Division, Fiji

The Northern Division is one of four divisions in Fiji. The capital is Labasa.

The Northern Division has three Provinces: Macuata, Cakaudrove, and Bua. It includes the entire island of Vanua Levu.


Western Division, Fiji

The Western Division is one of four divisions in Fiji. The largest city is Lautoka.

There are three provinces on Viti Levu. They are Ba, Nadroga-Navosa and Ra. It also includes a few outlying islands, including the Yasawa Islands, Viwa Island, and Mamanuca Islands.

Ba Province

Ba is a province in Fiji. It is in the Western Division. It is on Viti Levu, Fiji's largest island. 

There were about 245,000 people living there in 2017, the most of any province. It covers a land area of .

Ba Province includes the towns and districts of Ba, Magodro, Nadi, Nawaka, Tavua, Vuda and Vitogo. The city of Lautoka and the Yasawa Archipelago are also in Ba Province.

Nadroga-Navosa Province

Nadroga-Navosa is a province in Fiji. It is on Viti Levu, Fiji's largest island. The main town is Sigatoka. The province includes the Mamanuca Archipelago as well as Conway Reef.

The Sigatoka Sand Dunes, a World Heritage Site, is in the province. In July 1989, the dunes were made Fiji's first national park.

Ra Province

Ra is one of the fourteen provinces in Fiji. It is in the Western Division. It is on Viti Levu, the largest island. The main town is Vaileka.

Ra has a land area of 1341 square kilometers. About 30,000 people lived there in 2017. There are 19 districts.

Macuata Province

Macuata is one of fourteen Provinces in Fiji. It is on the island of Vanua Levu in the Northern Division. The main town is Labasa.

Macuata has a land area of 2004 square kilometers. About 66,000 people lived there in 2017. The Province has 114 villages spread over 12 districts. 

Silent Circle (band)

Silent Circle is a German eurodisco band formed in 1985 by Martin Tychsen and Axel Breitung. it features from German-language dubbed version "Nutri Ventures" uses the song called "Touch In The Night" as the main theme.




Cakaudrove Province

Cakaudrove is a province in Fiji. It is on the island of Vanua Levu in the Northern Division. The province includes the islands of Taveuni, Rabi, Kioa, and many other islands in the Vanua Levu Group. The only major town is Savusavu.

It has a total land area of 2,816 square kilometers. About 50,000 people lived there in 2017.

Bua Province

Bua is a province in Fiji. It is on the island of Vanua Levu in the Northern Division.

It has a land area of 1,379 square kilometers. About 15,500 people lived there in 2017.

Kadavu Province

Kadavu Province is a province in Fiji. It is in the Eastern Division. It has Kadavu Island, Ono Island, Galoa Island, Dravuni Island, Matanuku Island, Buliya Island, Nagigia Island, and a few other islands.

Kadavu has a total land area of 478 square kilometers. About 11,000 people lived there in 2017. There are 9 districts.

Kadavu is home to the second-largest living organism on Earth, the Great Astrolabe Reef.

Lau Province

Lau Province is a province in Fiji. The capital is Tubou, at the southern end of the island of Lakeba. Lau is in the Eastern Division. The province includes the Lau Islands. The island group has about 60 islands.

It has a total land area of 487 square kilometers. About 9,600 people lived there in 2017. 

Deliberative assembly

A deliberative assembly is a group of members (of any kind of bigger group) who use parliamentary procedure to make decisions.

"Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised" describes the following characteristics of a deliberative assembly:

A "mass meeting", which is an unorganized group meeting open to all individuals in a sector of the population who are interested in deliberating about a subject proposed by the meeting's sponsors. Examples include meetings to discuss common political concerns or community interests.

A "local assembly of an organized society", which is a membership meeting of a local chapter or branch of a membership organization. Examples include local chapter meetings of organizations like the Sierra Club.

A "convention", which is a meeting of members who represent constituent units of a population. Conventions are not permanent, and delegates are normally selected for a short time.

A "legislative body", which is a legally created group that makes laws. It is made up of representatives chosen by voters. Examples include national legislatures such as parliaments, and local governments such as state legislatures, regional assemblies and city councils.

A "board" gets its power from an outside authority that says what the board can and cannot do. Examples include an organized society's or company's board of directors and government agency boards like a board of education.

A "committee" is a group of one or more persons that is part of a deliberative assembly. A committee is not itself considered to be a kind of assembly.

Lomaiviti Province

Lomaiviti Province is a province of Fiji. It is part of the Eastern Division. It is made up of the Lomaiviti Islands. The largest town is Levuka.

The province has a total land area of 41 square kilometers. About 15,600 people lived there in 2017.

Naitasiri Province

Naitasiri is one of the 14 provinces of Fiji. It is on Viti Levu, Fiji's largest island. It is part of the Central Division.

Naitasiri has an area of . About 178,000 people lived there in 2017. The main town is Nasinu.

The Medrausucu mountain ranges are in the province.

Namosi Province

Namosi is a province in Fiji. It is on Viti Levu, the largest island. It is part of the Central Division.

The province covers 570 square kilometers. About 7,800 people lived there in 2017. Namosi Province includes Namosi District, as well as the districts of Veivatuloa and Wainikoroiluva.

Rewa Province

Rewa is a province in Fiji. It includes the capital city of Suva.

It has a land area of 272 square kilometers, making it the smallest province in Fiji. About 108,000 people lived there in 2017.

The province has nine tikina (or districts):


Serua Province

Serua is a province in Fiji. It is on Viti Levu, the largest island of Fiji. It is part of the Central Division.

It has a land area of 830 square kilometers. About 15,400 people lived there in 2017. Serua includes Nuku District and Serua District.

Tailevu Province

Tailevu is a province in Fiji. It is on Viti Levu, Fiji's largest island. It is part of the Central Division. The main town is Nausori.

Tailevu has a land area of 755 square kilometers. About 64,500 people lived there in 2017. Tailevu has the districts of Bau, Nakelo, Verata, Wainibuka, and Sawakasa.

Portapique

Portapique is a small community in Nova Scotia, Canada in Colchester County.

In April 2020, it was one of the places where the 2020 Nova Scotia attacks happened, which was the deadliest massacre in Canadian history.

Gorakhpur

Gorakhpur is a city in the north-eastern region of Uttar Pradesh state of India. It is the administrative headquarters of Gorakhpur district. The city is home to the Gorakhnath Math, a Gorakhnath temple. The city also has an Indian Air Force station, since 1963. According to 2011 Indian Census, Gorakhpur had a total population of 673,446, of which 353,907 were males and 319,539 were females.


Wentworth, Nova Scotia

Wentworth is a community in Nova Scotia, Canada in Wentworth Valley in Cumberland County.

In April 2020, it was one of the places where the 2020 Nova Scotia attacks happened, which was the deadliest massacre in Canadian history. Four were killed in Wentworth.

Mata Hari (1985 movie)

Mata Hari is a 1985 American erotic biographic drama movie directed by Curtis Harrington and stars Sylvia Kristel, Oliver Tobias, Christopher Cazonove. It was distributed by Cannon Pictures.

Debert

Debert is an unincorporated community in Nova Scotia, Canada. It is in Colchester County. In 2006, 1,471 people lived here.

Omen III: The Final Conflict

Omen III: The Final Conflict is a 1981 British American horror movie directed by Graham Baker and is the third movie in The Omen series. It stars Sam Neill, Lisa Harrow, Rossano Brazzi, Leueen Willoughby and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Enfield, Nova Scotia

Enfield is a community that is north of Halifax Stanfield International Airport in the Shubenacadie Valley in Nova Scotia, Canada. It is in both Hants and Halifax counties.

On the Right Track

On the Right Track is a 1981 American comedy movie directed by Lee Philips and starring Gary Coleman, Kim Basinger, Norman Fell, Bill Russell, Lisa Eilbacher. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Pixote

Pixote: a Lei do Mais Franco (, lit. "Pixote (small child): The Law of the Weakest") is a 1981 Brazilian drama movie directed by Héctor Babenco and based on the novel "A Infância dos Mortos" ("The Childhood of the Dead Ones") by José Louzeiro. It stars Fernando Ramos de Silva as the title character.

Bloodbath

Bloodbath, also known as Las Flores Del Vicio (English: The Flowers of Vice) and "The Sky is Falling", is a 1979 Spanish Liechtenstein horror movie directed by Silvio Narizzano and starring Carroll Baker, Dennis Hopper, Richard Todd, Faith Brook.

Lloyd deMause

Lloyd deMause (pronounced "de-Moss"; September 19, 1931 – April 23, 2020) was an American social thinker. He was known for his works in psychohistory. He did graduate work in political science at Columbia University. He became a psychoanalyst afterwards. He was the founder of "The Journal of Psychohistory".

Suddenly, Last Summer

Suddenly, Last Summer is a 1959 British American psychological drama movie directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and based on the play of the same name by Tennessee Williams. It stars Elizabeth Taylor, Katharine Hepburn, Montgomery Clift, Albert Dekker and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1960.


Carlos Regazzoni

Carlos Regazzoni (1 December 1943 – 26 April 2020) was an Argentine sculptor. Regazzoni was born in Comodoro Rivadavia, Chubut Province. He worked in Paris during the 1990s. He was invited to exhibit at the "Cent ans de l'aéronautique française". Regazzoni returned to Argentina and founded a workshop in Buenos Aires. His works were often described as Dantesque and were compared to Salvador Dali.

Regazzoni died on 26 April 2020 in Buenos Aires, aged 76.

Robert Herbin

Robert Herbin (30 March 1939 – 27 April 2020) was a French football defender and manager. He was born in Paris. He played for Saint-Étienne and the national team. He managed Saint-Étienne and Red Star F.C. 93.

Herbin died on 27 April 2020 in Saint-Étienne, France of heart failure at the age of 81.

Troy Sneed

Troy Lenard Sneed, Jr. (December 14, 1967 – April 27, 2020) was an American gosep singer-songwriter. He was born in Perry, Florida. 

He started his music career on November 7, 1999, with the release of "Call Jesus" by Malaco Records. His second album, "Bless That Wonderful Name", was released by Savoy Records in 2001. The third album, "A State of Worship", was released and was a hit with "Billboard" magazine Gospel Albums chart. His fourth release, "In His Presence", was released in 2006. The fifth album from him, "In Due Season", was released in 2009. He released the sixth album in 2011, "My Heart Says Yes". His seventh album, "All Is Well", released in 2012.

Sneed died on April 27, 2020 in Jacksonville, Florida of COVID-19, aged 52.


Jamilur Reza Choudhury

Jamilur Reza Choudhury (15 November 1943 – 28 April 2020) was a Bangladeshi civil engineer, professor, researcher, and educator. He was an Adviser (Minister) to Caretaker Government of Bangladesh (April–June 1996). He was the vice chancellor of BRAC University from 2001 to 2012 and of University of Asia Pacific from 2012 until his death. He was also the president of Bangladesh Mathematical Olympiad Committee from 2003.

He was awarded Ekushey Padak by the Government of Bangladesh in the category of science and technology in 2017. He was made a National Professor by the Government of Bangladesh in 2018.

Choudhury died on 28 April 2020 of heart attack in Dhaka, aged 76.

John E. Otto

John E. Otto (December 18, 1938 – April 22, 2020) was an American government official. He was the Acting Director of the FBI in 1987.

Otto died on April 22, 2020 in Norman, Oklahoma at the age of 81.

Clyde Tolson

Clyde Anderson Tolson (May 22, 1900 – April 14, 1975) was the second-ranking official of the FBI from 1930 until 1972. He is best known as the "protégé" and long time top deputy of FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover. He was Acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for one day in May 1972.


Laredo, Missouri

Laredo is a city in Grundy County, Missouri, United States. The population was 156 at the 2020 census.

L. Patrick Gray

Louis Patrick Gray III (July 18, 1916 – July 6, 2005) was Acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) from May 2, 1972 to April 27, 1973. He was in charge of the initial investigation into the burglaries that sparked the Watergate scandal, which eventually led to the resignation of President Nixon. 

Gray was nominated as permanent Director by Nixon on February 15, 1973, but failed to win Senate confirmation. He resigned as Acting FBI director on April 27, 1973, after he admitted to destroying documents from Watergate.

Gray remained publicly silent about the Watergate scandal for 32 years, speaking to the press only once, near the end of his life.

Clarence M. Kelley

Clarence M. Kelley (October 24, 1911August 5, 1997) was an American politician. He was the second Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation from 1973 to 1978.

Floyd I. Clarke

Floyd I. Clarke (born January 7, 1942) is an American politician and lawyer. He was acting director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) from July to September in 1993 during the Bill Clinton presidency.

Thomas J. Pickard

Thomas Joseph Pickard (born January 6, 1950) is an American politician. He was an acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation for 71 days in the summer of 2001 following the resignation of Director Louis Freeh. He left the office a week before the September 11 attacks.

Louis Freeh

Louis Joseph Freeh (born January 6, 1950) is an American attorney and former judge. 

He was the fifth Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation from September 1993 to June 2001. He was an Assistant United States Attorney and United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. 

A Republican, he worked for President Bill Clinton. 

Erin Babcock

Erin Babcock (June 6, 1981 – April 25, 2020) was a Canadian nurse and politician. She was elected in the 2015 Alberta general election to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, representing the electoral district of Stony Plain. Her term ended on April 16, 2019. Babcock was a member of the Alberta New Democratic Party.

Babcock was diagnosed with uterine cancer in May 2018. She died from the disease in Edmonton on April 25, 2020 at the age of 38.

Enter the Dragon

Enter the Dragon is a 1973 Hong Kong American action movie directed by Robert Clouse and starring Bruce Lee, John Saxon, Jim Kelly, Ahna Capri, Angela Mao, Betty Chung, Bolo Yeung, Marlene Clark. An American and Hong Kong co-production, Concord Productions Inc. and Warner Bros.. It was distributed by Warner Bros.("international") and Golden Harvest ("hk").

It was the last movie Bruce Lee starred in before his death.


Burgundy School of Business

Burgundy School of Business is an European higher studies establishment. The school is in 3 places, in Paris, in Lyon and in Dijon. It has been created in 1899. 

BSB is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.


Emperor of the North Pole

Emperor of the North Pole is a 1973 American adventure drama movie directed by Robert Aldrich and stars Lee Marvin, Ernest Borgnine, Keith Carradine, Simon Oakland, Charles Tyner, Harry Caesar. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Soylent Green

Soylent Green is a 1973 American science fiction thriller movie directed by Richard Fleischer and loosely based on the 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!". It stars Charlton Heston, Leigh Taylor-Young, Edward G. Robinson, Joseph Cotten, Brock Peters, Dick Van Patten and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


The Ups and Downs of a Handyman

The Ups and Downs of a Handyman is a 1975 British erotic comedy movie directed by John Sealey and stars Barry Stokes, Sue Lloyd, Gay Soper, Bob Todd, Chic Murray, Harold Bennett. It was distributed by Cannon Films.

The Oregon Trail (movie)

The Oregon Trail is a 1959 American western movie directed by Gene Fowler Jr. and Fred MacMurray, William Bishop, Nina Shipman, Henry Hull, John Carradine. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Ruth Langsford

Ruth Wendy Holmes (née; Langsford; born 17 March 1960) is an English television presenter. She is best known for presenting numerous shows such as "This Morning," "Gift Wrapped" and .

Langsford is also an anchor on ITV's lunchtime chat show "Loose Women" and presents "Ruth Langsford's Fashion Edit" on QVC. She took part in the fifteenth series of "Strictly Come Dancing", where she came ninth. She was the longest female presenter of "This Morning". Ruth was born in Singapore, Southeast Asia.

Alaska Passage

Alaska Passage is a 1959 American drama movie directed by Edward Bernds and starring Bill Williams, Naura Hayden, Lyn Thomas, Leslie Bradley, Raymond Hatton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Compulsion (1959 movie)

Compulsion is a 1959 American crime drama movie directed by Richard Fleischer and based on the 1956 novel of the same name by Meyer Levin. It stars Orson Welles, Dean Stockwell, Diane Varsi, E. G. Marshall, Bradford Dillman, Martin Milner, Edward Binns and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Last Embrace

Last Embrace is a 1979 American thriller movie directed by Jonathan Demme and based on the novel "The 13th Man" by Murray Teigh Bloom. It stars Roy Scheider, Janet Margolin, Christopher Walken, Sam Levene, Marcia Rodd, Charles Napier and was distributed by United Artists.


You're in the Navy Now

You're in the Navy Now is a 1951 American World War II comedy movie directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Gary Cooper, Jane Greer, Millard Mitchell, Eddie Albert, Charles Bronson, Lee Marvin, Ed Begley, Jack Warden, Jack Webb and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Zotz!

Zotz! is a 1962 American fantasy comedy movie directed by William Castle and based on the 1947 novel by Walter Karig. It stars Tom Poston, Julia Meade, Jim Backus, Cecil Kellaway and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Law and the Lawless

Law of the Lawless is a 1964 American western movie directed by William F. Claxton and stars Dale Robertson, Yvonne De Carlo, John Agar, William Bendix, Lon Chaney Jr., Rod Lauren, Richard Arlen, Bruce Cabot and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Key Exchange

Key Exchange is a 1985 American romantic comedy movie directed by Barnet Kellman and based on the play of the same name by Kevin Wade. It stars Brooke Adams, Danny Aiello, Ben Masters, Kerry Armstrong, Annie Golden and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Into the Night

Into the Night is a 1985 American black comedy thriller movie directed John Landis and stars Jeff Goldblum, Michelle Pfeiffer, Dan Aykroyd, David Bowie, Bruce McGill, Richard Farnsworth, Irene Papps, Clu Gulager, Kathryn Harrold. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Enemy Mine (movie)

Enemy Mine is a 1985 American German science fiction drama movie directed by Wolfgang Petersen and based on the novella of the same name by Barry B. Longyear. It stars Dennis Quaid, Louis Gossett Jr., Brion James, Carolyn McCormick and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was a box office bomb and has since become a cult classic.


The Quiet Earth (movie)

The Quiet Earth is a 1985 New Zealand science fiction movie directed by Geoff Murphy and is loosely based on the 1981 novel of the same name by Craig Harrison. It stars Bruno Lawrence, Alison Routledge, Anzac Wallace.


Prizzi's Honor

Prizzi's Honor is a 1985 American black comedy crime drama movie directed by John Huston and based on the 1982 novel of the same name by Richard Condon. It stars Jack Nicholson, Kathleen Turner, Anjelica Huston, Robert Loggia, William Hickey, C. C. H. Pounder, Stanley Tucci, Lawrence Tierney and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 7 Oscars, including Best Picture, Best Director and Best Actor with Huston winning for Best Supporting Actress in 1986.


Almost You

Almost You is a 1985 American romantic comedy movie directed by Adam Brooks and starring Brooke Adams, Griffin Dunne, Karen Young. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Postman Always Rings Twice (1981 movie)

The Postman Always Rings Twice is a 1981 American erotic thriller movie directed by Bob Rafelson and is the fourth adaption of the 1934 novel of the same name by James M. Cain. It stars Jack Nicholson, Jessica Lange, John Colicos, Anjelica Huston, Christopher Lloyd, John P. Ryan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Psych-Out

Psych-Out is a 1968 American drama movie directed by Richard Rush and stars Jack Nicholson, Susan Strasberg, Dean Stockwell, Bruce Dern, Max Julien, Strawberry Alarm Clock. It was distributed by American International Pictures.


Committee

A committee is a group of people that come together to do something or decide something. It is often part of a bigger deliberative assembly. A committee might have a special job to do for a specific topic.

A deliberative assembly may create a committee (or "commission") that has one or more persons to help with the work of the assembly. For bigger organizations, a lot of work is done in committees. Committees can be a way to get people together that have similar experience from different parts of an organization. Without the committee, these people might not have a good way to share information and work together.

When a committee is created, a chairman (or "chair" or "chairperson") is chosen for the committee. Sometimes a vice-chairman (or similar name) is also chosen. The committee chairman often organizes the meetings.

When the committee finishes its work, it gives the results in a report to the larger group. The report may include the methods used, the facts found, the conclusions reached, and any suggestions.


List of United States House of Representatives committees

There are two main types of congressional committees in the United States House of Representatives, standing committees and select committees.

The current House committees were created from the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946. This bill decreased the number of House committees, and it changed the committees' jurisdictions.


United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary

The United States Senate Committee on the Judiciary, also called the Senate Judiciary Committee, is a standing committee of 22 U.S. Senators whose job is to oversee the Department of Justice (DOJ), question people who have been chosen for executive and judicial jobs, and review legislation.

It is also in charge of having meetings and investigating people the President chooses to be judges on the Supreme Court, the U.S. court of appeals, the U.S. district courts, and the Court of International Trade.



United States Senate Committee on Rules and Administration

The Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, also called the Senate Rules Committee, is in charge of the rules of the United States Senate, administration of congressional buildings, monitoring elections and deciding whether or not the members should be there.

Rule XXV of the United States Senate says that all legislation, messages, petitions, memorials, and other matters relating to the following subjects is to be given to the Senate Rules Committee:



United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations

The United States Senate Committee on Foreign Relations is a standing committee of the United States Senate. It is in charge with leading foreign-policy legislation and debate in the Senate. The Foreign Relations Committee is in charge for overseeing (but not administering) and giving money to foreign aid programs as well as buying weapons and training for national allies. The committee is also in charge of questioning people chosen for important jobs in the Department of State. The committee looks at important treaties and legislation, ranging from the Alaska purchase in 1867 to the creation of the United Nations in 1945. It also in charge of people chosen for diplomatic jobs. They deal with U.S. interests with foreign countries.



United States House Committee on Financial Services

The United States House Committee on Financial Services, also called the House Banking Committee, is the committee of the United States House of Representatives that oversees the entire financial services industry, including the securities, insurance, banking and housing industries. The Financial Services Committee also oversees the work of the Federal Reserve, the United States Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and other financial services regulators.

The Banking and Currency Committee was created on December 11, 1865. It was supposed to take over responsibilities of the Ways and Means Committee. It continued to use this name until 1968, when it became the current name.

Sources: (Chair), (Ranking Member), (D), (R)

The Financial Services Committee has six subcommittees.



Hebbville, Nova Scotia

Hebbville (2006 pop. 780) is an incorporated village bordering the town of Bridgewater in Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia, Canada.

Kingston, Nova Scotia

Kingston is a Canadian village in Kings County on the north bank of the Annapolis River in the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia, Canada. As of 2016, the population was 3,093.


United States House Committee on Oversight and Reform

The Committee on Oversight and Reform is the main investigative committee of the United States House of Representatives.

The committee has broad jurisdiction and strong legislative authority, which makes it one of the most influential and powerful committees in the House. Its chairman is one of only three in the House that can make subpoenas without a committee vote or talking with the ranking member. However, recently, it has become common to not make a subpoena by themselves..

Carolyn Maloney (D-New York) became the acting chair of the committee after Elijah Cummings (D-Maryland) died on October 17, 2019; she was elected chair a month later.

The committee was called the Committee on Expenditures in the Executive Departments, and it was created in 1927 to combine 11 separate Committees on Expenditures that had overseen the spending of various federal departments.

In 1997, the Republican majority on the committee changed its rules to allow the chairman, Dan Burton (R-Indiana), to make subpoenas without asking the committee's ranking Democrat. From 1997 to 2002, Burton used this to make 1,052 subpoenas by himself. Many of those subpoenas were related to alleged misconduct by President Bill Clinton. This cost more than $35 million.

Sources: (Chair), (Ranking Member), (D), (R)

The Committee on Oversight and Reform has six subcommittees.


Lawrencetown, Annapolis County

Lawrencetown is a village within Annapolis County in the Annapolis Valley of Nova Scotia, Canada. The town was first settled in 1760 and named after Nova Scotia governor Charles Lawrence. the population was 516, a decrease of 17.4% over the previous five years.


New Minas

New Minas is a village located in the eastern part of Kings County in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley. As of 2011, the population was 5,135.

United States House Oversight Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties

The Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Civil Liberties is a subcommittee within the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
The subcommittee is in charge of issues related to civil rights, civil liberties and the equal protection of laws, including voting rights, freedom of religion, speech,
press, and assembly; equal employment; nondisclosure agreements; and criminal justice reform policies; and legislative and oversight jurisdiction over the Census Bureau and the Census.


Port Williams, Nova Scotia

Port Williams is a Canadian village in Kings County, Nova Scotia. It is located on the north bank of the Cornwallis River, named after Edward Cornwallis, first governor of Nova Scotia. As of 2016, the population was 1,120.



United States House Oversight Subcommittee on Environment

The Subcommittee on Environment is a subcommittee within the U.S. House of Representatives Oversight and Government Reform Committee. 

The subcommittee is in charge of issues about global climate change; environmental protection, public lands, endangered species, air and water quality; oceans; public health; conservation; international agreements; energy policy, research and development; and oversight and legislative jurisdiction over regulatory affairs and decreasing federal paperwork.

Pugwash, Nova Scotia

Pugwash is a village in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada. It had a population of 736 as of the 2016 census.



United States House Financial Services Subcommittee on Consumer Protection and Financial Institutions

The U.S. House Financial Services Subcommittee on Consumer Protection and Financial Institutions is a subcommittee of the House Committee on Financial Services.

The subcommittee is in charge of overseeing all financial regulators, such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Federal Reserve. It is also in charge of all issues about consumer credit, including the Consumer Credit Protection Act, and access to financial services, as well as the safety of the banking system.


United States House Financial Services Subcommittee on Investor Protection, Entrepreneurship and Capital Markets

The U.S. House Financial Services Subcommittee on Investor Protection, Entrepreneurship and Capital Markets is a subcommittee of the House Committee on Financial Services.

The subcommittee reviews laws and programs related to the U.S. capital markets, the securities industry, and government-sponsored businesses, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. It also oversees the Securities and Exchange Commission and organizations that regulate themselves, such as the New York Stock Exchange and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, that regulate the securities markets.


River Hebert, Nova Scotia

River Hebert is a village on the River Hebert in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada.It is approximately 25 kilometres southwest of Amherst. As of 2006 the population was 543.

Hammerwich

Hammerwich is a small village and civil parish in Lichfield District, Staffordshire, England. It is south-east of Burntwood. About 700 people lived there in 2011.

St. Peter's, Nova Scotia

St. Peter's (Scottish Gaelic: "Baile Pheadair"; formerly known as "Santo Pedro", "Saint-Pierre", "Port Toulouse", and "St. Peters") is a small incorporated village located on Cape Breton Island in Richmond County, Nova Scotia, Canada.


PEN Oakland awards

The PEN Oakland/Josephine Miles Literary Award is for U.S. multicultural writers. It is to "promote works by writers of all cultural and racial backgrounds and to educate both the public and the media as to the nature of multicultural work." It was created by PEN Oakland in 1991. It was named in honor of Josephine Miles. PEN Oakland was created in 1989. The award was called the "Blue Collar PEN Award" by "The New York Times".


Tatamagouche

Tatamagouche (Mi'kmaq: "Taqamiju’jk") is a village in Colchester County, Nova Scotia, Canada.


Tiverton, Nova Scotia

Tiverton is a small village located on the northeast tip of Long Island, Nova Scotia. Tiverton has a population of about 300 people. It was named for Tiverton, Devon. 

The main industry is lobster fishing, while a second, and growing industry, is tourism. The Bay of Fundy is known for whale watching, and Tiverton and the surrounding area offer several tours operating throughout the summer months. Another attraction is Balancing Rock, a large basalt column that appears to be balancing on its end on the southern shore just outside Tiverton.


Ernesto Nieto

Ernesto Nieto (born October 6, 1940) is the creator of the National Hispanic Institute. He has served as President since the organization's creation in 1979.

Ernesto Nieto was born in Houston, Texas. He went to Jefferson Davis High School and entered the University of Houston on an athletic scholarship. Nieto later went to Southwestern University in Georgetown, Texas, where he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in Education in 1964 with a specialization in special education. After working on his graduate degree at the University of Houston, he served in various management jobs in both the state and federal government.

Westport, Nova Scotia

Westport, Nova Scotia is a village in Digby County, Nova Scotia and it is located on Brier Island in the Bay of Fundy. As of 2016, the population was 218.


Kanifing (Gambia)

Kanifing is one of eight Local Government Areas in The Gambia. The municipality has the most people of any of the administrative districts in Gambia. It is immediately west of the City of Banjul. It includes Serrekunda, the largest urban area in the Gambia.

Spike protein

A Spike protein or peplomer is a glycoprotein spike on the outside layer (or capsid) of a virus. When a virus attaches to a cell, these peplomers can only attach to certain receptors on the cell. They are very important for choosing which cell it attaches to and how infectious a virus is.


Brikama (Gambia)

Brikama is one of eight Local Government Areas in the Gambia. The headquarters of the Brikama LGA are at Brikama town. About 700,000 people lived there in 2013.

Mansa Konko

Mansa Konko is a town and Local Government Area in The Gambia. It is the capital city of the Lower River Region.

Kerewan (Gambia)

Kerewan is one of eight Local Government Areas (LGA) in the Gambia. It is north of the Gambia River. 

The city of Kerewan is the headquarters of the North Bank Region. In 2013 about 220,000 lived in the LGA. Of those, about 200,000 lived in the city.

Kuntaur (Gambia)

Kuntaur is one of eight Local Government Areas in the Gambia.

The town of Kuntaur is the last inland port for large ships. It had about 3,000 people living there in 2013.

Michael Robinson (footballer)

Michael John Robinson (12 July 1958 – 27 April 2020) was an English-born professional footballer and sports commentator. He played as a striker.

Robinson was born in Leicester. He played in more than 300 official matches in England for five clubs, including Liverpool. He also played the last three seasons of his career in Spain with Osasuna. He represented the Republic of Ireland at international level.

Robinson retired in 1989. He became a Spanish citizen. He was also a television presenter. In December 2018, Robinson announced he had melanoma. He died in Marbella on 27 April 2020 at the age of 61.

Liverpool


Janjanbureh (Gambia)

Janjanbureh is one of eight Local Government Areas in the Gambia. 

The town of Janjanbureh is on MacCarthy Island in the Gambia River. It used to be named Georgetown.

Ozren Grabarić

Ozren Grabarić (born 17 July 1980) is a Croatian actor, member of the Gavella Theatre in Zagreb, often featured in TV series and in film. He is a professor at the Academy of Dramatic Art in Zagreb. He voiced Crane in the Croatian dub of the "Kung Fu Panda" films.

Basse (Gambia)

Basse is one of eight Local Government Areas in the Gambia. About 240,000 people lived there in 2013. It has a land area of 2,069.5 square kilometres. The division of Basse is Upper River Division. The district is Dillard East; and has a total population is 18,414. It is on the South bank of the Gambia River. The town is a branch banking centre; a market centre for peanuts, rice and cattle among the Fulani, Malinke, and Wolof peoples; and the last port of call for the government steamer from Banjul, 244 miles (393 km) downstream. The Basse health centre is the largest in the interior. Basse Santa Su is the town of Gambia, and is the regional headquarters of the Upper River Region (URR), and is one of the eight Local Government Areas in the Gambia. 

Palatine bone

The palatine bone is a paired bone which forms part of the nasal cavity and hard palate. It is located between the maxilla and sphenoid bone. In simple terms it is on both sides of the nose.

Local government areas of the Gambia

The Gambia is divided into eight local government areas. These are divided into 43 districts. 

Secondary color

Secondary colors are colors made from two primary colors. Secondary colors can be made by mixing dyes, such as ink or paint, together. They can also be made when two lights shine into each other.

When mixed with a primary color, a secondary color makes a teritary color.

RGB is the color model of light. In it, the secondary colors are yellow, mixed from red and green, magenta, mixed from red and blue, and cyan, mixed from green and blue.

Computer screens use the primary colors of the RGB color model to show secondary colors. Each screen has tiny pixels that light up in different primary colors, which blur together to look like a secondary color is being shown.

CMY is the color model of dyes. The colors in it are like the ones in RGB, but their places are switched; cyan, magenta, and yellow are the primary colors, while red, green, and blue are the secondary colors instead.

Printers use inks based on the CMY primary colors to make the secondary colors that are on the pictures they print. However, the inks are usually not perfect, so a fourth ink is used with most printers. This is called CMYK.

RYB, or red yellow blue, is an older idea of what the primary and secondary colors are. It was once thought that the secondary colors are orange, mixed from red and yellow, green, mixed from yellow and blue, and purple, mixed from red and blue. This way of mixing colors was used for dyes before CMY became widely used. The blue in RYB is usually more of an azure color, which makes their likeness more clear.

Tertiary color

Tertiary colors are colors made by mixing a primary color and a secondary color.

A tertiary color can be made with inks or paints by mixing a material of a primary color with a material of a secondary color.

A tertiary color can be shown on a computer screen when the pixels are lit at a brightness between those of both a primary color and a secondary color.

Another kind of tertiary color is made when the secondary color is complementary to the primary color. This means the primary color is "not" one of the colors used to make the secondary color itself. They are opposite colors.

The result of mixing complementary colors in an additive color model is white. The result in a subtractive color model is black.

The colors shown on this list are from the RGB color model.

RGB

RGB, also called additive color mixing, is a color coding using light, with red, green, and blue. These three are mixed with different levels of brightness to create different colors. For example, to obtain white, they are blended with equal intensity for each. For black, no colour receives any intensity. 

There are several ways of representing RGB colors, which are used in different situations and purposes. In general, each RGB color consists of red, green and blue light, each of which shines with some intensity; the higher the intensity of (for example) green light, the more 'green' the overall color will seem. 

In some digital systems each of red, green and blue has 256 different intensities, from being completely turned off (level 0) to being completely turned on (level 255). The three intensities together are usually listed on their own to then represent the overall color. When the numbers are not annotated with the color they each represent, the first number represents the intensity of red, the second number that of green, and the third number that of blue. 

There are usually different ways of writing these lists, for example when creating websites. The most common way uses hexadecimal code, in which the numbers ranging from 0 to 255 can be represented using 2 digits. This only needs six hexadecimal digits (which may be the numbers 0-9 or the letters A-F) to represent RGB colors. When using hexadecimal code, these digits are preceded with a '#' character. See the Examples section below. 

An alternative way is to write the numbers in the conventional denary way, then usually enclosed in parentheses with the label 'RGB' to indicate what the numbers stand for. Within computer storage, the three numbers are just stored as binary numbers, much like any other data, though the binary representation is not usually used by humans directly. 

The below table shows a few examples of how RGB is used to blend different colours.

Police impersonation

Police impersonation is when someone pretends to be a police officer. It is illegal in most countries.

Prime Minister of Serbia

The Prime Minister of Serbia (Serbian: Премијер Србије / "Premijer Srbije"), officially the President of the Government of the Republic of Serbia (Председник Владе Републике Србије / "Predsednik Vlade Republike Srbije"), is the Head of government of Serbia. The prime minister works for the Government, and sends it to the National Assembly the Government's Program.

The current Prime Minister, Ana Brnabić was nominated by the former Prime Minister and newly elected President of the Republic, Aleksandar Vučić and elected and appointed by the National Assembly on 29 June 2017. 

Dragutin Zelenović

Dragutin Zelenović (; 19 May 1928 — 27 April 2020) was a Serbian educator and politician. He was rector of the University of Novi Sad. He was a member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts. He was the Prime Minister of Serbia in 1991. 

He was a professor at the Faculty of Technical Sciences and Rector of the University of Novi Sad (1987–89). 

He died on 27 April 2020 in Novi Sad, aged 91.


Tanjung Pinang

Tanjung Pinang is the capital city of the Indonesian province of the Riau Islands. It covers a land area of 144.56 km. With an estimated population of 209,280 as of 2018, it is the second largest city of the province, after Batam. Tanjung Pinang is a historic city of the Malay culture, serving as the capital of Johor Sultanate and Riau-Lingga Sultanate.

Syahrul

Syahrul (August 30, 1960 – April 28, 2020) was an Indonesian politician, teacher, and member of the Great Indonesia Movement Party. He was the Mayor of Tanjung Pinang, and capital and second largest city in the Riau Islands, from September 21, 2018, until his death on April 28, 2020. He was Deputy Mayor of Tanjung Pinang from 2013 to 2018.

Syahrul died in April 2020 from COVID-19, aged 59.

Alexander Münninghoff

Alexander Münninghoff (13 April 1944 – 28 April 2020) was a Polish-born Dutch journalist and chess player. From 1974 to 2007, he worked for the "Haagsche Courant". Münninghoff wrote among others many articles and books about chess sport. He was born in Poznan, Poland. In 1983 he won the and in 2015 he won the for his book "De stamhouder".

Münninghoff died at his home in The Hague on 28 April 2020, aged 76.

Harland Svare

Harland James Svare (November 25, 1930 – April 4, 2020) was an American professional football player and coach. Svare was a linebacker who played eight seasons with the Los Angeles Rams and New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL) from 1953 to 1960. He was the Rams head coach from the 1962 season through 1965 and the San Diego Chargers head coach from 1971 through 1973. He was born in Clarkfield, Minnesota.

Svare died on April 4, 2020 of respiratory arrest in Steamboat Springs, Colorado at the age of 89.

Clarkfield, Minnesota

Clarkfield is a city in Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 852 at the 2020 census.

Granite Falls, Minnesota

Granite Falls is a city in Chippewa and Yellow Medicine counties in the State of Minnesota. The population was 2,737 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Yellow Medicine County.

Ronnie Earle

Ronald Dale Earle (February 23, 1942 – April 5, 2020) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was born in Fort Worth, Texas. From 1977 to 2009, he was the District Attorney of Travis County, Texas. He was known for being the lawyer that prosecuted House Majority Leader Tom DeLay for money laundering.

Earle died on April 5, 2020 in Austin, Texas after a long-illness, aged 78.

Albert H. Wilkening

Major General Albert H. Wilkening (February 1, 1946 – April 8, 2020) was an American major general. He was an adjutant general of Wisconsin from 2002 to 2007. He was responsible for both the federal and state missions of the Wisconsin Army and Air National Guard and the Wisconsin Division of Emergency Management. 

In March 2003, Wilkening was appointed by Governor Jim Doyle as in charge of the Homeland Security Council in Wisconsin and to be the governor's homeland security advisor. He was born in Freeport, New York.

Wilkening died of pancreatic cancer in Wisconsin on April 8, 2020, at the age of 74.

Freeport, New York

Freeport (officially The Incorporated Village of Freeport) is a village in the town of Hempstead, Nassau County, New York, US, on the South Shore of Long Island. The population was 44,472 at the 2020 census.

Jim Doyle

James Edward Doyle, Jr., (born November 23, 1945) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 44th Governor of Wisconsin from January 6, 2003 to January 3, 2011.

Marianne Lundquist

Ingrid Marianne Lundquist (later "Grane", 24 July 1931 – 10 April 2020) was a Swedish freestyle swimmer. She was born in Stockholm. Lundquist won a bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 1950 European Aquatics Championships. She competed at the 1948 and 1952 Olympics. 

Lundquist died on 10 April 2020 from COVID-19 in Stockholm, aged 88.

Lowell A. Reed Jr.

Lowell A. Reed Jr. (June 21, 1930 – April 11, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania from 1988 to 1999. He was nominated by President Ronald Reagan. Reed Jr. was born in West Chester, Pennsylvania.

Reed Jr. died on April 11, 2020 in Jenkintown, Pennsylvania of Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 89.

Jenkintown, Pennsylvania

Jenkintown is a borough in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, about 10 miles (16 km) north of Philadelphia.

Axel Berg (footballer)

Axel August Berg (8 July 1938 – 12 April 2020) was a Norwegian football winger. He played for Lyn between 1955 and 1965 and the national team from 1959 and 1961. 

Berg died on 12 April 2020, aged 81.

Elisabeth Berge

Elisabeth Berge (27 November 1954 – 13 April 2020) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician. She worked in the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy from 1981 to 1990. She then worked in Statoil from 1990 to 2004. Beginning in 2001, she was chief of communications. In 2004 she was appointed permanent under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy.

Berge died on 13 April 2020, aged 65.

Paul Ronty

Paul Ronty (July 12, 1928 – April 22, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. Ronty started his National Hockey League career with the Boston Bruins in 1947. He also played for the New York Rangers and Montreal Canadiens. He retired after the 1955 season. He was born in Toronto.

Ronty died on April 22, 2020 in Newton, Massachusetts at the age of 91.

Brian Stepanek

Brian Patrick Stepanek (born February 6, 1971) is an American actor. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He is known for his role as Arwin Hawkhauser on the Disney Channel Original Series "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and Brian on "Brian O'Brian". He was also a Sector Seven Agent in the 2007 Michael Bay movie "Transformers". He played Tom Harper on the Nickelodeon series "Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn" from 2014 to 2018.

Lynn Harrell

Lynn Harrell (January 30, 1944 – April 27, 2020) was an American classical cellist. He was born in New York City. Harrell made his recital debut in New York in 1971. He was the Music Director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Institute from 1988 to 1992. From 1986 to 1993, he held the post of "Gregor Piatigorsky Endowed Chair in Violoncello" at the University of Southern California. 

Harrell died on April 27, 2020 in Santa Monica, California of cardiac arrest at the age of 76.

Francesco Perrone

Francesco Perrone (3 December 1930 – 27 April 2020) was an Italian long-distance runner. He competed in the marathon at the 1960 Summer Olympics. Perrone was an athlete of the Gruppo Sportivo Fiamme Oro. He was born in Cellino San Marco, Italy.

Perrone died of COVID-19 on 27 April 2020 in Bari, Italy at the age of 89.


Mohammad Shariff (admiral)

Admiral Mohammad Shariff (Urdu: ايڈمرل محمد شريف ; born 1920 – 27 April 2020), was a four-star rank admiral. He was an important figure in the Indo-Pakistani war of 1971. He was the Chief of Naval Staff from 1975 to 1979 and Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee from 1977 to 1980.

Shariff died on 27 April 2020, aged 99.

Kim Rhodes

Kimberly Rhodes (born June 7, 1969) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Ensign Lydnsey Ballard in "" episode of "Star Trek Voyager", Cindy Harrison on two different soap operas, "Another World" and "As the World Turns", and as Carey Martin in the Disney Channel sitcom "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and "The Suite Life on Deck", She is also known for playing Sheriff Jody Mills on "Supernatural".

Nur Yerlitaş

Nuray "Nur" Yerlitaş (11 August 1955 – 27 April 2020) was a Turkish fashion designer. She was born in Istanbul. She was a judge on the television reality show "İşte Benim Stilim" from 2015 to 2017. She started her career by selling accessories from Italy. In the following years she opened her own boutique and entered into designing business.

In August 2018, Yerlitaş was diagnosed with brain cancer. She died on 27 April 2020 at her home in Istanbul from the disease, aged 64.

Giacomo dalla Torre del Tempio di Sanguinetto

Fra' Giacomo dalla Torre del Tempio di Sanguinetto (9 December 1944 – 29 April 2020) was an Italian nobility. He was the 80th Prince and Grand Master of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta in 2008 and again from 2017 until his death. 

His full title is "His Most Eminent Highness Fra' Giacomo dalla Torre del Tempio di Sanguinetto, Prince and Grand Master of the Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of St. John of Jerusalem, of Rhodes and of Malta, Most Humble Guardian of the Poor of Jesus Christ". He was born in Rome. 

Dalla Torre died on 29 April 2020 in Rome from throat cancer, aged 75.

List of grand masters of the Knights Hospitaller

This is a list of Grand Masters of the Knights Hospitaller including their replacement Sovereign Military Order of Malta after 1798.

Adjara

Adjara is a region of Georgia. Its official name is Autonomous Republic of Adjara. The capital city is Batumi, which is the 2nd largest city in Georgia.

The region is on the coast of the Black Sea near the foot of the Lesser Caucasus Mountains. About 333,953 people live there (2014).

There are 5 municipalities plus the city of Batumi. The five municipalities are:



Ludwig Hoffmann-Rumerstein

Fra' Ludwig Hoffmann von Rumerstein (born January 21, 1937) is an Austrian nobility. He was the interim Prince and Grand Master of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta in 2017. From 1994 to 2004 and again from 2014 to 2019, he was Grand Commander of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. He was born in Innsbruck.

Ron Marlenee

Ronald Charles "Ron" Marlenee (August 8, 1935 – April 26, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was in the United States House of Representatives from Montana between January 3, 1977 to January 3, 1993. He represented . Marlenee was born in Scobey, Montana.

Marlenee died on April 26, 2020 in Bozeman, Montana of a short-illness, aged 84.

South Berwick, Maine

South Berwick is a town in York County, Maine, United States. The population was 7,467 at the 2020 census.

York County, Maine

York County is the southwesternmost county in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, the population was 211,972. Its county seat is Alfred.

Alfred, Maine

Alfred is a town in York County, Maine, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 3,073. Alfred is the seat of York County.

Guria

Guria is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Ozurgeti. It is bordered by the eastern end of the Black Sea.

Guria is divided into 3 municipalities:


Auburn, Maine

Auburn is a small city in south-central Maine, United States. The city is the county seat of Androscoggin County. The population was 24,061 at the 2020 census. Auburn and its sister city Lewiston are known locally as the Twin Cities or Lewiston–Auburn (L–A).

Auburn has 20 listings on the National Register of Historic Places they are listed below.

Ellsworth, Maine

Ellsworth is a city in and the county seat of Hancock County, Maine, United States. The 2020 Census it had a population of 8,399.

Rockland, Maine

Rockland is a city in Knox County, Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 6,936. It is the county seat of Knox County. 

Wiscasset, Maine

Wiscasset is a town in and the seat of Lincoln County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,742 as of the 2020 census. 

Penobscot County, Maine

Penobscot County is a county in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, the population was 152,199. Its county seat is Bangor. Penobscot County is home to the University of Maine.

Piscataquis County, Maine

Piscataquis County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, its population was 16,800, making it Maine's least-populous county. Its county seat is Dover-Foxcroft.

Sagadahoc County, Maine

Sagadahoc County ( ) is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 36,699. The county seat is Bath.

Paris, Maine

Paris is a town in and the county seat of Oxford County, Maine, United States. 5,179 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Oxford County, Maine

Oxford County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 Census, the county had a population of 57,777. Its county seat is the town of Paris.

Belfast, Maine

Belfast is a city in Waldo County, Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 6,938.

Waldo County, Maine

Waldo County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 39,607. The county seat is Belfast. 

Machias, Maine

Machias is a town in and the county seat of Washington County in downeast Maine, United States. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 2,060.

Imereti

Imereti is a region of Georgia. The capital city is Kutaisi. It is along the Rioni River.

Imereti has the following divisions:


Kings of Imereti included:

Washington County, Maine

Washington County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, its population was 31,095, making it the third-least populous county in Maine. Its county seat is Machias. 

South Paris, Maine

South Paris is a census-designated place (CDP) located within the town of Paris in Oxford County, Maine, in the United States. The population was 2,183 at the 2020 census.

South Paris is located at (44.221609, -70.514603).

Kakheti

Kakheti is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Telavi. It include the Tsiv-Gombori mountain range and Alazani River.

The Georgian David Gareja monastery complex is partly in this province. There is a border dispute between Georgian and Azerbaijani authorities. Popular tourist attractions in Kakheti include Tusheti, Gremi, Signagi, Kvetra, Bodbe, Lagodekhi Protected Areas and Alaverdi Monastery.

The Kakheti region is divided into eight municipalities:

Kvemo Kartli

Kvemo Kartli is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Rustavi.
Kvemo Kartli is divided into 6 municipalities and 1 special status city, Rustavi:

Mtskheta-Mtianeti

Mtskheta-Mtianeti is a region (Mkhare) in eastern Georgia. The capital city is Mtskheta. The western part is controlled by the Republic of South Ossetia.

The region has five municipalities:

Racha-Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti

Racha-Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Ambrolauri. Part of the region is controlled by South Ossetia. Besides Ambrolauri, the region includes the municipalities of Lentekhi, Oni, and Tsageri.

The region has the historical provinces of Racha, Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti. 

Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti

Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Zugdidi.

The region is divided into:

Samtskhe-Javakheti

Samtskhe–Javakheti is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Akhaltsikhe. It has the historical provinces of Meskheti, Javakheti and Tori.

The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline, the South Caucasus natural gas pipeline, and the Kars–Tbilisi–Baku railway pass through the region.

The major tourist attractions are the cave monasteries of Vardzia, Vanis Kvabebi, Rabati Castle and Khertvisi fortress.

The region has six municipalities:

The Nebraskan

The Nebraskan is a 1953 American western movie. It was directed by Fred F. Sears. Actors include Philip Carey, Roberta Haynes, Wallace Ford, Lee Van Cleef, Richard Webb, and Dennis Weaver. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Shida Kartli

Shida Kartli is a region in Georgia. The capital city is Gori. Part of the region is under South Ossetian control.

It is in a lowland between the Greater and Lesser Caucasus. The Ksani River is in the east.

Shida Kartli is divided into 5 municipalities. The municipalities are:

Invaders from Mars (1953 movie)

Invaders from Mars is a 1953 American science fiction movie. It was directed by William Cameron Menzies. Actors include Jimmy Hunt, Helena Carter, Arthur Franz, Morris Ankrum, Leif Erickson, Max Wagner, Walter Sande, and Hillary Brooke. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. There was a remake in 1986.


Mkhare

A mkhare is a type of administrative division in the country of Georgia. It is usually translated as "region".

The regions are further divided into "raionis" (districts). There are 9 regions in Georgia.

House of Wax

House of Wax is a 1953 American horror thriller movie. It was directed by Andre DeToth. It is a remake of the 1933 movie "Mystery of the Wax Museum" (1933). Actors include Vincent Price, Frank Lovejoy, Phyllis Kirk, Carolyn Jones, Roy Roberts, and Charles Bronson. It was distributed by Warner Bros. It was remade in 2005 as "House of Wax".


Cole Younger, Gunfighter

Cole Younger, Gunfighter is a 1958 American western movie. It was directed by R. G. Springsteen. The movie is based on the 1950 novel "The Desperado" by Clifton Adams. Actors include Frank Lovejoy, James Best, Abby Dalton, Jan Merlin, Frank Ferguson, and Ainslie Pryor. It was distributed by Allied Artists Pictures.

King of the Khyber Rifles (movie)

King of the Khyber Rifles is a 1953 American adventure movie. It was directed by Henry King. The movie is based on the 1916 novel of the same name by Talbot Mundy. The novel was also the basis of the 1929 movie "The Black Witch". Actors include Tyrone Power, Terry Moore, Michael Rennie, Guy Rolfe, Richard Wyler, and John Farrow. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Eddy Pieters Graafland

Eddy Pieters Graafland (5 January 1934 – 28 April 2020) was a Dutch football goalkeeper and football manager. He played for Ajax and Feyenoord and was part of Feyenoord's European Cup victory in 1970. He was born in Amsterdam. He earned 47 caps for the Netherlands national football team. He was regarded to be one of the best Dutch goalkeepers ever. His nickname was, after his abbreviated surname, Eddy PG. He was a renowned penalty stopper, and kept a notebook with potential penalty takers' favorite side. In 1999, he was voted the third Dutch goalkeeper, after Hans van Breukelen and Edwin van der Sar, in the election of European goalkeeper of the twentieth century organized by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS).

Eddy PG, his nickname, started playing football at the age of eleven at Ajax Amsterdam. He made his senior debut in 1951 at the age of seventeen. In the mid-1950s, Pieters Graafland did his military service in Arnhem. During this time he trained with the Vitesse Arnhem team. After completing his military service, he returned to Amsterdam and became Dutch champions with Ajax in 1957.

In 1958 he moved to Feyenoord Rotterdam for the then record amount of 134,000 guilders. He also won the championship title there in 1961 and 1962. In 1965 and 1969 he won the league and KNVB Cup double with Feyenoord.

For the 1969/70 season he lost his regular place to Eddy Treijtel. Feyenoord reached the European Cup final against Celtic Glasgow this season. When coach Ernst Happel wanted to field him for the final, Pieters Graafland initially refused. However, he reversed his decision and won the final with Feyenoord. It was his last official game in professional football.

On April 28, 1957, Eddy made his debut for the Dutch in a game against Belgium at the Olympic Stadium, the match ended in a 1-1 draw. He made his international farewell in 1967, He would play for the Dutch national team 47 times.

After his playing career he started a trade in promotional and business gifts. Pieters Graafland's hobby was making amateur film images. Parts of the films he made during his sporting career were regularly broadcast in various sports programs on television. He shot the images of Jan Janssen's Tour de France victory in 1968.

Pieters Graafland was a knight in the Order of Oranje-Nassau. In 2017, he and his wife Teddy celebrated their diamond wedding.

Pieters Graafland died on 28 April 2020 in Amsterdam, aged 86.

Ajax

Feyenoord

Ayutla, San Marcos

Ayutla () is a municipality in the San Marcos Department of Guatemala. It is located along the Suchiate River natural border with Mexico in the southern part of the department.

Erik Súñiga

Erik Salvador Suñiga Rodriguez (19 November 1975 – 18 April 2020) was a Salvadoran-born Guatemalan politician. He was born in Nueva Concepción, El Salvador. From 2008 to 2019, he was Mayor of Ayutla, San Marcos.

In December 2019, the U.S. Treasury Department sanctioned Zúñiga as they believed that he was "a major drug trafficker" and that Zúñiga controlled a drug trafficking organization and supplied cocaine to the Sinaloa Cartel.

Súñiga died on 18 April 2020 of pancreatic cancer in Houston, Texas, aged 44.

Sinaloa Cartel

The Sinaloa Cartel (), also known as the Guzmán-Loera Organization, the Pacific Cartel, the Federation and the Blood Alliance, is an international drug trafficking, money laundering, and organized crime group established during the late 1980s. The cartel is in the city of Culiacán, Sinaloa, with operations in the Mexican states of Baja California, Durango, Sonora, and Chihuahua. 

The United States calls the Sinaloa Cartel "the most powerful drug trafficking organization in the world" and in 2011, the "Los Angeles Times" called it "Mexico's most powerful organized crime group." The group makes and sells opium, marijuana, heroin and cocaine. They also do human trafficking.

Gina Rodriguez

Gina Alexis Rodriguez-LoCicero ("née" Rodriguez; born July 30, 1984) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Jane Villanueva in The CW satirical romantic dramedy series "Jane the Virgin" (2014–2019).

She also starred in "Deepwater Horizon" (2016), "Ferdinand" (2017), "Annihilation" (2018), "Smallfoot" (2018), "Miss Bala" (2019), "Someone Great" (2019) and "Scoob!" (2020). 

Born in Chicago, she was raised in the Belmont Cragin neighborhood of the city.

Abbott and Costello Go to Mars

Abbott and Costello Go to Mars is a 1953 American science fiction comedy movie. It is directed by Charles Lamont. Actors include: Bud Abbott, Lou Costello, Mari Blanchard, Robert Paige, Dudley Dickerson, and Harry Shearer. The movie was distributed by Universal Pictures. 

The Black Cat (1934 movie)

The Black Cat is a 1934 American psychological horror movie. It is directed by Edgar G. Ulmer. The movie is based on the short story "The Black Cat" by Edgar Allan Poe. Actors include: Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi, Harry Cording, David Manners, Julie Bishop, and Lucille Lund. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

This was the first movie with both Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi.


Häxan

Häxan (Danish: Heksen) is a Swedish Danish movie. The English title is The Witches or Witchcraft Through the Ages. Benjamin Christensen wrote, directed and starred in the movie. Other actors include: Oscar Stribolt, Astrid Holm, Ib Schønberg, and Elith Pio. It was distributed by Skandias Filmbyrå.


Japanese War Bride

Japanese War Bride is a 1952 American drama movie. It is also known as East is East. It was directed by King Vidor. The movie stars Shirley Yamaguchi, Don Taylor, Cameron Mitchell, and Marie Windsor. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Rough Night in Jericho

Rough Night in Jericho is a 1967 American western movie. It was directed by Arnold Laven. The movie is based on the novel "The Man in Black" by Marvin H. Albert, who also wrote the screenplay. It stars Dean Martin, George Peppard, Jean Simmons, Steve Sandor, and Don Galloway. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Tobruk (1967 movie)

Tobruk is a 1967 American World War II drama movie. It was directed by Arthur Hiller. Actors included Rock Hudson, George Peppard, Nigel Green, Norman Rossington, and Guy Stockwall. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

"Tobruk" received an Academy Award nomination for Special Visual Effects in 1968.


Jinnat Ali

Jinnat Ali (1996 – 28 April 2020) was a Bangladeshi citizen. He was the tallest person in Bangladesh. When he was eleven, Ali's body suddenly started to grow unusually fast. His body continued to grow at the age of 23. His growth was caused by acromegalic gigantism, a condition caused by a tumor on his pituitary gland.

Ali died on 28 April 2020 of brain cancer in Chittagong, Bangladesh at the age of 23.

Robert Torti

Robert Felix Torti (born October 22, 1961) is an American actor and singer. Torti was born in Van Nuys, California. His career began with his role as Jesus and Jack in both the New York City and Los Angeles stage productions of "Reefer Madness".

He also played Kurt Martin on the Disney television series "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" and "The Suite Life on Deck".


Accident (1967 movie)

Accident is a 1967 British drama movie. It was directed by Joseph Losey. The movie is based on the 1965 novel of the same name by Nicholas Mosley (who also stars). Other actors include Dirk Bogarde, Stanley Baker, Jacqueline Sassard, Michael York, Vivien Merchant, and Freddie Jones. It was distributed by London Independent Producers.

At the 1967 Cannes Film Festival, it won the award for Grand Prix Spécial du Jury.

Frankenstein Created Woman

Frankenstein Created Woman is a 1967 British Hammer horror movie. It was directed by Terence Fisher. It is the fourth movie in the "Hammer's Frankenstein series". Actors include Peter Cushing, Susan Denberg, Derek Fowlds, Barry Warden, Thorley Walters, Robert Morris, and Colin Jeavons. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Villain (1971 movie)

Villain is a 1971 British crime drama movie. It was directed by Michael Tuchner The movie is based on the 1968 novel "The Burden of Proof" by James Barlow. Actors include Richard Burton, Ian McShane, Nigel Davenport, Joss Ackland, Donald Sinden, Fiona Lewis, Tony Selby, and John Hallam. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


The Man with One Red Shoe

The Man with One Red Shoe is a 1985 American comedy thriller movie. It was directed by Stan Dragoti. It is a remake of the 1972 movie "Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire". Actors include Tom Hanks, Dabney Coleman, Lori Singer, Jim Belushi, Carrie Fisher, Charles Durning, and David Ogden Stiers. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was a box office disappointment.


Hello-Goodbye

Hello-Goodbye is a 1970 British comedy movie. It was directed by Jean Negulesco. Actors include Michael Crawford, Genevieve Gilles, Curd Jürgens, Princess Ira von Fürstenberg, and Jeffry Wickham. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Far Country

The Far Country is a 1954 American romantic western movie. It was directed by Anthony Mann. The movie stars James Stewart, Ruth Roman, Corinne Calvert, and Walter Brennan. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


The Yellow Mountain

The Yellow Mountain is a 1954 American western comedy drama movie. It was directed by Jesse Hibbs. Actors include Lex Barker, Mala Powers, Howard Duff, Leo Gordon, and William Demarest. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Don't Bother to Knock

Don't Bother to Knock is a 1952 American psychological thriller movie. It was directed by Roy Ward Baker. The movie is based on the 1951 novel "Mischief" by Charlotte Armstrong. Actors include Marilyn Monroe, Richard Widmark, Enrique Peña Nieto, Elisha Cook Jr., Anne Bancroft, and Jeanne Cagney. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Yellow Canary

The Yellow Canary is a 1963 American thriller movie. It was directed by Buzz Kulik. The movie is based on the novel by Whit Masterson. It stars Pat Boone, Barbara Eden, Steve Forrest, Jack Klugman, and Harold Gould. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

A Safe Place

A Safe Place is a 1971 American drama movie. It was directed by Henry Jaglom. Actors include Orson Welles, Jack Nicholson, Tuesday Weld, Philip Proctor, and Francesca Hilton. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures. The movie did not make much money in ticket sales.

A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon

A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon is a 1988 coming-of-age drama movie. It is also known as Aren't You Even Gonna Kiss Me Goodbye? The movie is directed and based on the novel by William Richert. Actors include River Phoenix, Ann Magnuson, Meredith Salenger, Matthew Perry, Ione Skye, Alison Goldfrapp, and Paul Kosol. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


James Roosevelt I

James Roosevelt I (July 16, 1828 – December 8, 1900) was an American businessman, politician, horse breeder, and the father of Franklin D. Roosevelt, who became the 32nd president of the United States.

Economy of South Africa

The economy of South Africa is the second largest in Africa, after Nigeria. South Africa is an upper-middle-income economy. South Africa's Gross Domestic Product almost tripled to peak at $400 billion in 2011. South Africa has a Population of 58,775,022 (2019 est.). the currency of south Africa is in South African rand and the Main industries are mining (South Africa is the world's largest producer of platinum).

Koriya district

Koriya district, officially known as Korea district, is a district in the north-western part of the Chhattisgarh state in Central India. The administrative headquarters of the district is Baikunthpur.

Not much was known about the area before the 16th century. The district was formed on 25 May 1998.

Maj Sjöwall

Maj Sjöwall (25 September 1935 – 29 April 2020) was a Swedish author and translator. She was born in Stockholm. She was best known for the work with her partner Per Wahlöö on a series of ten novels about the adventures of Martin Beck, a police detective in Stockholm. They also wrote novels separately. 

In 1971, the fourth of the Beck books, "The Laughing Policeman" won an Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America for Best Novel and was made into the movie "The Laughing Policeman".

Sjöwall died on 29 April 2020 at a hospital in Landskrona, Sweden of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 84.

Hema Bharali

Hema Bharali (19 February 1919 – 29 April 2020) was an Indian freedom activist, social worker, Sarvodaya leader and Gandhian. She was born in Assam, India. She was known for her works to the empowerment of women in India. The Government of India awarded her the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2005. She was involved with the "Padayatra" in connection with the Bhoodan movement and was a founder member of the executive council of the Central Social Welfare Board (CSWB).

Bharali died on 29 April 2020 in Assam, aged 101.

Eavan Boland

Eavan Frances Boland (24 September 1944 – 27 April 2020) was an Irish poet, author, and educator. She was a professor at Stanford University, where she had taught beginning in 1996. Her poems were about Irish national identity, and the role of women in Irish history. She was a recipient of the Lannan Literary Award for Poetry. Boland was born in Dublin. 

Boland died on 27 April 2020, aged 75, from a stroke.

Nick Kotz

Nathan "Nick" K. Kotz (September 16, 1932 – April 26, 2020) was an American journalist, author, and historian. He was born in San Antonio, Texas. He was best known for his 2005 book "Judgment Days: Lyndon Baines Johnson, Martin Luther King Jr., and the Laws that Changed America" talking about the roles of President Lyndon B. Johnson and Martin Luther King Jr. in the passage of the 1964, 1965, and 1968 civil rights laws. Kotz won a Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting in 1968.

Kotz was killed outside his farm on April 26, 2020 in Broad Run, Virginia after being hit by his car, aged 87.

Deaths in June 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in June 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.

 


































Deaths in July 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in July 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.

 



































Deaths in August 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in August 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Deaths in September 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in September 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.


































Deaths in October 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in October 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Deaths in November 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in November 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.


































Deaths in December 2020

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in December 2020. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Individuals listed must have . Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Jānis Lūsis

Jānis Lūsis (19 May 1939 – 29 April 2020) was a Latvian athlete. He competed in javelin throw. In 2014 he was added into IAAF Hall of Fame. He competed in four Summer Olympics for the USSR team, winning bronze in 1964 Olympics, gold in 1968 Olympics and silver in 1972 Olympics. He was born in Jelgava, Latvia.

Lūsis died on 29 April 2020 in Ogre, Latvia of cancer, aged 80.

Tony Lloyd

Sir Anthony Joseph Lloyd (25 February 1950 – 17 January 2024) was a British Labour Party politician. He was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Rochdale in 2017. Between 1983 and 1997, he was MP for Stretford. He then represented Manchester Central until 2012. Formerly Greater Manchester Police and Crime Commissioner between 2012 and 2017, and was interim Mayor of Greater Manchester between 2015 and 2017. 

Lloyd was Shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland between 2018 and 2020, resigning on 28 April 2020, to recover from COVID-19.

On February 15, 2021, he undertook support for Darya Chultsova, Belarusian political prisoner.

In January 2023, Lloyd revealed that he was undergoing chemotherapy after a recent cancer diagnosis. 

On 11 January 2024, Lloyd announced that he had chosen to end hospital treatment for an "aggressive and untreatable leukaemia". He died a week later on 17 January from the disease, aged 73.


Nick Cordero

Nicholas Eduardo Alberto Cordero (September 17, 1978 – July 5, 2020) was a Canadian actor. He appeared on Broadway in 2014 in the musical "Bullets Over Broadway" in the role of Cheech, for which he was nominated for the Tony Award and the Drama Desk Award. He also starred in the Off-Broadway production of "The Toxic Avenger" and as Dennis in "Rock of Ages" on Broadway in 2012 and on tour. In March 2016, he joined the Broadway production of "Waitress", playing the role of Earl. On television, he played Victor Lugo in "Blue Bloods".

In April 2020, Cordero was diagnosed with COVID-19. His right leg was amputated as a result of problems from his illness. On May 1, 2020, he had a lung damage and was given a tracheotomy.

Cordero died from problems caused by the infection on July 5, 2020 at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, aged 41. 

Per Wahlöö

Per Fredrik Wahlöö (5 August 1926 – 22 June 1975) was a Swedish author. He was perhaps best known for the works with his partner Maj Sjöwall on a series of ten novels about the adventures of Martin Beck, a police detective in Stockholm, published between 1965 and 1975. In 1971. He won an Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America. 

Wahlöö had a thirteen-year relationship with his colleague Maj Sjöwall but never married her, as he already was married. 

He died on 22 June 1975 from problems caused by pancreas surgery in Malmö, Sweden at the age of 48.

Novels written by Per Wahlöö alone (see Martin Beck for joint collaboration with Sjöwall)

Mike Sullivan (governor)

Michael John Sullivan (born September 22, 1939) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the 29th Governor of Wyoming from 1987 to 1995, and United States Ambassador to Ireland from 1998 to 2001.

Jim Guy Tucker

James Guy Tucker Jr. (born June 13, 1943) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 43rd Governor of Arkansas from 1992 to 1996 and a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1977 to 1979.

Tucker resigned the governorship after his conviction for fraud during the Whitewater affair.

Warrensburg, Missouri

Warrensburg is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States. The population was 19,337 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Johnson County. 

Posthumous award

A posthumous award is an award given after the recipient has died.

Many prizes, medals, and awards can be granted . Australian actor Heath Ledger, for example, won the Academy Award after his death in 2008. 

Military decorations, such as Hero of the Soviet Union or the Medal of Honor, are often given posthumously. Sports awards and titles can be awarded posthumously, for example 1970 Formula One champion Jochen Rindt, who died in a crash late in the season, but still had enough points to be named champion.

List of governors of Hawaii

This is a list of people who were the Governor of Hawaii.

The Republic of Hawaii was annexed by the United States in 1898. It became the Hawaii Territory in 1900. Hawaii became a state in 1959. The Republic had only one president, Sanford B. Dole. He was also the first territorial governor. Between 1893 and 1894, Hawaii was under the Provisional Government of Hawaii. It had no formal leader. Before 1893, Hawaii was a monarchy. Queen Lili'uokalani was the last Queen of Hawaii.

Hawaii Territory was organized on June 14, 1900. It was a territory for 59 years. Twelve people served as territorial governor. They were chosen by the President of the United States.

Hawaii became a state on August 21, 1959. The state was made up of Hawaii Territory without Palmyra Atoll. Since then, there have been seven governors.

The governor is elected to a four-year term. It begins on the first Monday in the December after the election. The lieutenant governor is elected for the same term. Since 1964, they have been elected on the same ticket. The 1978 constitutional convention set a term limit of two consecutive terms for both offices. If the office of governor is vacant, the lieutenant governor becomes governor. If the governor is out of the state or unable to do their duties, the lieutenant governor acts as governor.

John D. Waiheʻe III

John David Waihee III (born May 19, 1946) is an American politician. He was the fourth governor of Hawaii from 1986 to 1994. He was the first American of Native Hawaiian descent to be elected to the office from any state of the United States.

List of governors of Indiana

The Governor of Indiana is the chief executive of the U.S. state of Indiana. The governor is the head of the executive branch of Indiana's state government and is charged with enforcing state laws.

Indiana Territory was formed on July 4, 1800, from the Northwest Territory. Despite remaining a territory for nearly 16 years, it had only two governors appointed by the President of the United States before it became a state.

Indiana was admitted to the Union on December 11, 1816.

The original 1816 Constitution of Indiana provided for the election of a governor and a lieutenant governor every three years, limited to six years out of any nine-year period. The second and current constitution of 1851 lengthened terms to four years and set the commencement of the governor's term on the second Monday in the January following the election. Governors were allowed to serve for four years in any eight-year period, but a 1972 amendment permitted governors to serve for eight years in any twelve-year period. Should the office of governor become vacant, the lieutenant governor becomes governor. If the office of lieutenant governor is vacant, the president "pro tempore" of the Indiana Senate becomes governor; this has happened once, when James B. Ray succeeded William Hendricks.

Trevor Cherry

Trevor John Cherry (23 February 1948 – 29 April 2020) was an English footballer and manager. He played as a defender.

Cherry was born in Huddersfield. He played for Huddersfield Town, Leeds United and Bradford City. He made a total of 27 international caps for the England national team. He was the third England international to be shown a red card. He later managed Bradford City from 1982 to 1987. While he was manager, Valley Parade, Bradford's home ground, was the scene of a fire. 56 people died, with at least 265 injured.

Cherry died on 29 April 2020 at the age of 72.

List of governors of Kentucky

The Governor of Kentucky is the head of the executive branch of Kentucky's state government. Here is the list of individuals who became Governor. 

Brereton C. Jones

Brereton Chandler Jones (June 27, 1939 – September 18, 2023) was an American politician. From 1987 to 1991, he was the 50th lieutenant governor of Kentucky and from 1991 to 1995, he was the state's 58th governor.

Jones died on September 18, 2023 at his farm in Midway, Kentucky from a long-illness at the age of 84.

List of governors of Maryland

The governor of Maryland heads the executive branch of the government of the U.S. state of Maryland and is commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor is the highest-ranking official in the state, and the constitutional powers of Maryland's governors make them among the most powerful governors in the United States.

William Donald Schaefer

William Donald Schaefer (November 2, 1921 – April 18, 2011) was an American politician. He was a Democrat. He was the 44th Mayor of Baltimore from December 1971 to January 1987, the 58th Governor of Maryland from January 21, 1987 to January 18, 1995. He also was the 32nd Comptroller of Maryland from January 20, 1999 to January 17, 2007. 

On September 12, 2006, Schaefer lost his reelection bid for a third term as Comptroller by Maryland Delegate Peter Franchot in the Democratic Party primary.

Catonsville, Maryland

Catonsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States. The population was 44,701 at the 2020 census.

Gallipolis, Ohio

Gallipolis ( ) is a chartered village in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Gallia County. The population was 3,313 at the 2020 census. 

Gallia County, Ohio

Gallia County (pronunciation: "GAL-yuh") is a county located in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 29,220. Its county seat is Gallipolis.

List of governors of Minnesota

The following is a list of governors of the State of Minnesota and Minnesota Territory, United States.


List of governors of New Hampshire

This is a list of governors of New Hampshire, in the United States.

The last of the colonial governors of New Hampshire fled in 1775.


List of governors of New Jersey

The Governor of New Jersey is the head of the executive branch of New Jersey's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.

Richard Codey

Richard James Codey (born November 27, 1946) is an American Democratic Party politician. He was the 53rd Governor of New Jersey from 2004 to 2006. He was in the New Jersey Senate since 1982 and was the President of the Senate from 2002 to 2010. 

List of governors of New York

This is a list of people who served as the governor of New York.

List of governors of North Carolina

Here is the list of individuals who became the Governor of North Carolina.


Notes:

List of governors of Tennessee

This is a list of people who have served as Governor of Tennessee.

The Territory South of the River Ohio, commonly called the Southwest Territory, was formed in 1790 from lands ceded by North Carolina to the United States government. The territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Tennessee in 1796.



List of governors of Texas

The governor of Texas is the chief executive of the U.S. State of Texas, the presiding officer over the executive branch of the Government of Texas, and the commander-in-chief of the Texas National Guard, the state's militia.

List of governors of Vermont

Here is the list of individuals who became the Governor of Vermont.

 (6)
 (6)

Jukka Rasila

Jukka Rasila (born August 12, 1969) is a Finnish actor and voice actor.




List of governors of Virginia

The following is a list of the governors of the Commonwealth of Virginia.


List of governors of Wisconsin

The Governor of Wisconsin is the head of the executive branch of Wisconsin's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's army and air forces.


List of governors of Puerto Rico

The following list are the people who became the Governor of Puerto Rico.

 (8)<br>

Oghlan Bakhshi

Oghlan Bakhshi (born Mohammad Geldi Geldi Nejad, in 1993, in Gonbad-e Kavus, Iran) is a Turkmen musician. He started learning music alongside his father, Adbol-Ghaffar Geldi Nejad, who was director of a musical school. He was taught by Chari Sahetmuradov, Akmurad Chariev, and Osman Gujimov.

Geldi Nejad began playing music when he was 6 years old. When he was 9 years old, Turkmen music professors granted him the title Oghlan Bakhshi(Turkmen: Oglan bagşy). 

In Turkmen music, "Bakhshi" is a person who can masterfully perform the dutar and sing, and "Oghlan" means child. Therefore, Oghlan Bakhshi () is a person who has mastered the Dutar and singing as a child.

In June 2004, Goldi Nejad won first place in the Shiraz Arts Festival. In February 2005, he won the title of the "best selection of the festival" at the Fajr International Music Festival.

In 2005 he won first prize at the 6th Iranian regional music festival. 

In 2008 he won first place at the World Festival of Youth Folk Music in Prague, Czech Republic. He was the representative from Iran at the festival.

In 2011 at the Turkmen President's Cultural and Artistic Competition, also known as the Golden Age of Turkmenistan Competition, he won the Turkmenistan Culture Award and a gold medal.

In 2015 his performance was published in the book called "The Music of Central Asia", page 119-120 of the book, the title "The Art of the Turkmen Bagshy" (Chapter 7).

Wave elections in the United States

In political science, a wave election is one in which a political party wins a lot more than the other. In the United States, there is no agreement of how many wins are needed to be called a wave election.

Congressional incumbents in the United States have an advantage over challengers, but a wave election often helps challengers. This results in many more incumbents losing than usual during wave elections.


Clash by Night

Clash by Night is a 1952 film noir drama movie. It was directed by Fritz Lang. The movie is based on the play of the same name by Clifford Odets. It stars Marilyn Monroe, Barbara Stanwyck, Robert Ryan, and Keith Andres. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Brian Brown (Royal Navy officer)

Admiral Sir Brian Thomas Brown, (31 August 1934 – 27 April 2020) was a British senior Royal Navy officer. He was Second Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Personnel from 1988 to 1991. Brown was born in Fratton, Portsmouth.

Brown died on 27 April 2020, aged 85.

Michael Layard

Admiral Sir Michael Henry Gordon Layard, (born 3 January 1936) is a retired senior Royal Navy officer. He was the Second Sea Lord from 1992 to 1995. He was Governor of Pangbourne College.

He studied at Pangbourne College and the Britannia Royal Naval College. Layard was commissioned into the Royal Navy in 1954. Layard became Commander of RNAS "Culdrose" in 1982.

2018 United States elections

The 2018 United States elections were held Tuesday, November 6, 2018. These midterm elections happened during the presidency of Republican Donald Trump. Thirty-five of the 100 seats in the United States Senate and all 435 seats in the United States House of Representatives were in the elections. Thirty-nine state and territorial governorships as well as many state and local elections were also in the elections.

Democrats net gained of 41 seats in the United States House of Representatives, gaining a majority in the chamber. This ended the control that the Republican Party had over the entire legislature. The Republican Party kept control of the United States Senate, making a net gain of two seats and defeating four Democratic incumbents in states that had voted for Trump in 2016. In the state elections, Democrats gained seven state governorships, control of at least 350 state legislative seats, and control of six state legislative chambers.
The elections had the highest voter turnout seen in midterm elections since 1914. This election was believed to be a "blue wave" election for the House and the states, but not the Senate.

On November 6, the "United States Election Project" estimated that 40 million early voters cast ballots on November 6, breaking the record for the number of early votes.

50.3 percent of eligible voters voted in 2018. In 2014, only 36.7 percent of eligible voters voted. The 2018 elections had highest turnout of any mid-term election held since the 1914 elections.

Legend
Total television viewers8:00 to 11:00 PM Eastern
Television viewers 25 to 548:00 to 11:00 PM Eastern

Belles on Their Toes (movie)

Belles on Their Toes is a 1952 American autobiographical comedy drama movie. It was directed by Henry Levin. It is the sequel to "Cheaper by the Dozen". Actors include Myrna Loy, Jeanne Crain, Barbara Bates, Debra Paget, Robert Arthur, Carol Nugent, Tommy Ivo, Jimmy Hunt, and Anthony Sydes. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Pride of St. Louis

The Pride of St. Louis is a 1952 American biographical drama movie. It was directed by Harmon Jones. It stars Dan Dailey, Joanne Dru, and Richard Crenna. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

"The Pride of St. Louis" was nominated for an Academy Award in 1953.

Retreat, Hell!

Retreat, Hell! is a 1952 American Korean War drama movie. It was directed by Joseph H. Lewis. Actors include Frank Lovejoy, Richard Carlson, Anita Louise, Russ Tamblyn, Lamont Johnson, Dorothy Patrick, and Nedrick Young. It was distributed by Warner Bros..

Young Guns of Texas

Young Guns of Texas is a 1962 American western movie. It was directed by Maury Dexter. Actors include James Mitchum, Alana Ladd, Jody McCrea, Gary Conway, and Chill Wills. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Queen's Guards

The Queen's Guards is a 1961 British drama movie. It was directed by Michael Powell. Actors include Daniel Massey, Raymond Massey, Ursula Jeans, Frank Lawton, Robert Stephens, and Elizabeth Shepherd. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


2008 United States presidential election in Nebraska

The 2008 United States presidential election in Nebraska occurred on November 4, 2008. It was part of the United States´ general election that year. The Republican candidates were Arizona Senator John McCain and his running mate, Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska. The Democratic candidates were Illinois Senator Barack Obama, and his running mate, Delaware Senator Joe Biden. Although McCain won the statewide vote by a margin of 14.93%, Obama was given 1 electoral vote (McCain got 4). That made Obama the first Democrat to win an electoral vote in Nebraska since 1964.

The McCain won the popular vote statewide. However (as is the case in Maine), in Nebraska, two electoral votes are given to the winner of the statewide popular vote. The remaining electoral votes (in the case of Nebraska, which has five electoral votes, this means three) are distributed: one is appointed to the winner of each congressional district. In this case, Obama narrowly won the votes of Nebraska's 2nd Congressional District, and therefore, received an electoral vote.

Ambush at Cimarron Pass

Ambush at Cimarron Pass is a 1958 American western movie directed by Jodie Copelan and stars Scott Brady, Clint Eastwood, Margia Dean, Irving Bacon and distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Young Lions

The Young Lions is a 1958 American World War II drama movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1948 novel of the same name by Irwin Shaw. It stars Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift, Dean Martin, Hope Lange, Barbara Rush, Maximillian Schell, Lee Van Cleef and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1959.


Apache Rifles

Apache Rifles is a 1964 American western movie directed by William Witney and starring Audie Murphy, Linda Lawson, Ken Lynch, L. Q. Jones, Michael Dante. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Way West

The Way West is a 1967 American western movie by Andrew V. McLaglen and based on the 1949 novel of the same name by A. B. Guthrie. It stars Kirk Douglas, Robert Mitchum, Richard Widmark, Sally Field, Lola Albright, Sam Elliott and distributed by United Artists.


The Viking Queen

The Viking Queen is a 1967 British Hammer adventure movie directed by Don Chaffey and stars Don Murray, Donald Houston, Adrienne Corri, Andrew Keir, Patrick Troughton, Sean Caffrey. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox

Jim Ryun

James Ronald "Jim" Ryun (born April 29, 1947) is an American politician and Olympic track and field athlete. He won a silver medal in the 1500 m at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Ryun later was in the United States House of Representatives from 1996 to 2007, representing Kansas' 2nd congressional district for the Republican Party.


James P. Gray

James Polin "Jim" Gray (born February 14, 1945) is an American jurist and writer. He was the presiding judge of the Superior Court of Orange County, California. Gray was the 2012 Libertarian Party vice presidential nominee, as well as the party's 2004 candidate for the United States Senate in California. 

In 2012, Gray was nominated by Libertarian Party convention delegates as the running mate of former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson.

On April 13, 2020 Gray announced his plans to run for the Libertarian Party nomination for President with Larry Sharpe as his running mate in the 2020 presidential election.

COVID-19 testing

COVID-19 testing can help find the SARS-CoV-2 virus. There are two types of test; one can find the virus (i.e. Polymerase chain reaction, also called PCR) and the other that can find antibodies produced in response to infection.

An accurate mortality rate of the disease and the level of herd immunity in the population can be found from the results of these tests. However, it is still not known how long immunity will last, and how effective it will be.

Due to limited testing, as of March 2020, no countries had reliable data of the virus.


As of 7 April 2020, the WHO had accepted two diagnostic tests under the Emergency Use Listing procedure (EUL) for use during the COVID‑19 pandemic. Both in vitro diagnostics, the tests are genesig Real-Time PCR Coronavirus (COVID‑19) created by Primerdesign, and cobas SARS-CoV-2 Qualitative assay for use on the cobas® 6800/8800 Systems by Roche Molecular Systems. Approval means that these tests can also be given away by the United Nations.

In March 2020 China reported problems with accuracy in their test kits.

In the United States, the test kits developed by the CDC had "flaws".

80% of test kits the Czech Republic purchased from China gave wrong results.

A group of scientists from Hokkaido University developed an antibody test that could detect avian flu antibodies in only 20 minutes. They said their test could be changed to detect SARS-CoV-2.

Herd immunity

Herd immunity (also called herd effect, community immunity, population immunity, or social immunity) is a form of protection from infectious disease. This happens when a large percentage of a population has become immune to an infection, whether through previous infections or vaccination.

When many individuals have immunity, they do not spread the disease any more. This either stops or slows the spread of disease.

While not every single individual may be immune, the group as a whole has protection. This is because there are fewer high-risk people overall. The infection rates drop, and the disease peters out.

Herd immunity protects at-risk populations. These include babies and those whose immune systems are weak and can’t get resistance on their own.

Buck O'Neil

Buck O'Neil "(né" John Jordan O'Neil Jr.; November 13, 1911 – October 6, 2006) was an American first baseman and manager in the Negro American League, mostly with the Kansas City Monarchs. He became the first African American coach in Major League Baseball. He was important in the creation of Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City, Missouri.

On October 6, O'Neil died at the age of 94 due to heart failure and bone marrow cancer in Kansas City, Missouri.

Pooja Hegde

Pooja Hegde (born 13 October 1990) is an Indian model and actress. She was crowned as the second runner-up at the Miss Universe India 2010 competition. Her first movie was in the Tamil superhero movie "Mugamoodi" (2012). She then featured in the Telugu movies "Oka Laila Kosam" and "Mukunda" (2014). She also starred in Ashutosh Gowariker's "Mohenjo Daro" (2016) along with Hrithik Roshan.

Cherickal

Cherickal is a village near Pandalam, Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Cherickal.

Cherickal is the a of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Namrata Singh Gujral

Namrata Singh Gujral (born February 26, 1976) is an Indian-born American director, producer and actress. 

Her best known roles were in "Training Day" (2001), "House of Sand and Fog" (2003), "Dragnet" (2004), "Family Law" (2001), "Passions" (2001–2005), "The Agency" (2001–2002), "The Agency" (2001–2002), "Mitsein" (2009), "Ultimate Survivor" (2015), "You Can Thrive" (2016), and "Destination Survival" (2016) and "5 Weddings" (2018).

Gujral is a breast cancer and lymphoma survivor.

Pandalam

Pandalam is a town in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

In 2011, literacy rate of Pandalam village was 96.74%. In Pandalam, male literacy rate was 97.84% while female literacy rate was 95.80%.




Pandalam Bridge, popularly known as "Kurunthottayam Bridge", is at Pandalam junction.

Pandalam Suspension Bridge, is a suspension bridge in Pandalam, that connects Pandalam with Kulanada.

Pandalam Palace, placed on the banks of Achankovil river, was home to the royal family of Pandalam.



Danielle Campbell

Danielle Marie Campbell (born January 30, 1995) is an American actress. She is known for her starring roles as Jessica Olson in the 2010 Disney Channel Original Movie "Starstruck", Simone Daniels in the 2011 Disney movie "Prom", Davina Claire in the 2013 CW television drama series "The Originals" and Kayla Powell in the 2018 CBS All Access television psychological thriller series "Tell Me a Story".

Cherukole

Cherukole is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Cherukole.

Cherukole is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Chethakkal

Chethakkal is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Chethakkal.

Chethakkal is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Danna Paola

Danna Paola Rivera Munguía (born 23 June 1995), better known as Danna Paola, is a Mexican actress, singer and model.

In 2004, she was chosen as the lead in the successful children's series, "Amy, la niña de la mochila azul". She starred in multiple television series produced by Televisa.

In 2009, she was cast as "Patito" in "Atrévete a Soñar", the Mexican remake of the popular Argentine children's telenovela, Patito Feo. 

In late 2010, she voiced "Rapunzel" for the Latin American Spanish-language dubbing of the Disney movie "Tangled".

Chirappuram

Chirappuram is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Chirappuram.

Chirappuram is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Chittar

Chittar is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India. It is a Panchayat in the Ranni Taluk. Chittar was given the Nirmal Gram award from Pratibha Patil, the former President of India.

Chittar is a plantation township.The main crops grown here are rubber, pineapple, tapioca, nuts, ginger, and pepper. It was once a part of the demolished Nilakkal trade centre.

Chittar lies in the eastern part of Pathanamthitta district.

The panchayath of Chittar was formed in 30 September 1970 by partitioning the Vadaseerikkara and Seethathodu panchayaths in Ranni taluk. The panchayath is divided into 13 wards.




The people of Chittar are mainly farmers and plantation workers. People began settling down in Chittar about 75 years ago. India census, Chittar had a population of 33977 with 16498 males and 17479 females.


Chunkappara

Chunkappara is a small town in the Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India. 


The main roads passing through 

Distance between Chunkappara and nearby towns:




Edasserimala

Edasserimala is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Edasserimala.

Edasserimala is the a of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Elanthoor

Elanthoor is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Elanthoor.

Elanthoor is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

The Comancheros (movie)

The Comancheros is a 1961 American western movie directed by Michael Curtiz. It was based on the 1952 novel of the same name by Paul Wellman. It stars John Wayne, Stuart Whitman, Lee Marvin, Nehemiah Persoff, Patrick Wayne, Bruce Cabot, Joan O'Brien and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Bad Sleep Well

The Bad Sleep Well is a 1960 Japanese crime drama movie directed by Akira Kurosawa and stars Toshiro Mifune, Masayuki Mori, Tatsuya Mihashi, Kyōto Kagawa, Kō Nishimura. It was distributed by Toho.


North West Frontier (movie)

North West Frontier (USA: Flame Over India; Australia: Empress of India) is a 1959 British adventure movie directed by J. Lee Thompson and stars Kenneth More, Lauren Bacall, Herbert Lom, Ursula Jeans, Wilfrid Hyde-White, I. S. Johar. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 3 BAFTAS in 1960.


Tonight We Sing

Tonight We Sing is a 1953 American biographical musical movie directed by Mitchell Leisen and based on the 1946 novel "Impresario". It stars David Wayne, Ezio Pinza, Roberta Peters, Anne Bancroft, Tamara Toumanova and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Michael Seater

Michael Bruce Patrick Seater (born January 15, 1987) is a Canadian actor who is known for his roles as "Derek Venturi" in the Canadian series "Life with Derek". He is close friends with his television co-star Ashley Leggat. He has one confirmed older brother. He is also a supporter of anti-bullying along with Ashley Leggat.

Streets of Rage 3

Streets of Rage 3 is a beat 'em up video game. It was released in Japan as . In Europe it was titled Streets of Rage III. The game was made and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis in 1994.

It is the third game in the "Streets of Rage" series. It is a sequel to "Streets of Rage 2" (released in 1992) and it is followed by "Streets of Rage 4" (released in 2020).

Streets of Rage 4

Streets of Rage 4 is a beat 'em up video game. It was released in Japan and Asia as . It was made by Lizardcube, Guard Crush Games and Dotemu and published by Sega and Dotemu in 2020. The game can be run on Microsoft Windows, Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch.

It is the fourth game in the "Streets of Rage" series. It is a sequel to "Streets of Rage 3".

City of Bad Men

City of Bad Men is a 1953 American romantic western movie directed by Harmon Jones and starring Dale Robertson, Jeanne Crain, Richard Boone, Lloyd Bridges, Carole Matthews, Rodolfo Acosta. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Down Among the Sheltering Palms (movie)

Down Among the Sheltering Palms is a 1953 American musical comedy movie directed by Edmund Goulding and starring David Wayne, Mitzi Gaynor, William Lundigan, Jane Greer, Gloria DeHaven. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Nanook of the North

Nanook of the North (also known as Nanook of the North: A Story Of Life and Love In the Actual Arctic) is a 1922 American silent documentary movie directed by Robert J. Flaherty set in the Canadian Arctic. It was one of the first twenty-five films included in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 1989.


Anti-bullying legislation

Anti-bullying legislation is a legislation that stops bullying. Its purpose is to not let bullying happen in the first place and protect people who were affected by it. Some states and countries have these laws.

Foolish Wives

Foolish Wives is a 1922 American silent erotic drama movie. It was directed by Erich von Stroheim (who also stars) and starring Maude George, Miss DuPont, Mae Busch, Dale Fuller, Rudolph Christians. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was selected for preservation in the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 2008 as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

The Last Metro

The Last Metro () is a 1980 French romance movie directed by François Truffaut. It stars Gérard Depardieu, Catherine Deneuve, Jean Poiret, Jean-Louis Richard, Heinz Bennent, and Richard Bohringer. It was distributed by Gaumount and was nominated for Academy Award in 1981.


Paul Hunter

Paul Alan Hunter (14 October 1978 – 9 October 2006) was an English snooker player. He was a three-time Masters champion, winning the event in 2001, 2002, and 2004. He also won three ranking events. He won the Welsh Open in 1998 and 2002 and the British Open in 2002. He was highest ranked in 2004/05 at number four.

Hunter was compared to David Beckham being called the "Beckham of the Baize" because of his good looks and style. He died in 2006 due to cancerous tumours. He made a total of 114 century breaks, the highest a 146 in the 2004 Premier League.

Hunter was born on 14 October 1978 in Leeds, England and was educated at St Andrews Primary School and Cardinal Heenan High School. Aged nine, he was awarded an award for being the best best junior snooker player of the year. He often travelled to Bradford to practise alongside professional player Joe Johnson. He won many junior tournaments and at the age of 14 won the English Doubles Championship with Richard Brooke. With the help of Jimmy Michie and Johnson, Hunter made his debut among the professionals in July 1995 at the age of 16.

Four months after his professional debut, Hunter reached the second round of the 1995 UK Championship by defeating world number six Alan McManus 9–4. At the 1996 Welsh Open 
he reached the semi-final beating world champion Stephen Hendry in the last 16. The same year he reached the quarter-finals of the UK Championship, where he beat Willie Thorne 9–0, James Wattana 9–5 and Terry Murphy 9–7, before losing 5–9 to Hendry, who went on to win the event. Hunter played at the 1997 Masters, where he lost 1–5 against Mark Williams in the first round.

Hunter won his first ranking event at the 1998 Welsh Open. He defeated Paul Wykes 5–3, Neal Foulds 5–2, Steve Davis 5–3, Nigel Bond 5–4, Alan McManus 5–3 and Peter Ebdon 6–1, before John Higgins 9–5 in the final. During the final, Hunter trailed 2-4 but won seven frames from the next eight to win the match. Following the event, he reached the semi-finals of the 1998 UK Championship. At the end of the year, he was named the Snooker Writers Association's "young player of the year".

Hunter's first qualified to play in the World Snooker Championship in 1999, where he lost 8–10 in the first round to the winner Stephen Hendry. He ended the season 12th in the 1999-2000 world rankings resulting in automatic qualification into the final stages of ranking tournaments for the first time.

He reached the quarter-final six events the following season. He was a runner-up at the 2001 Welsh Open, a semi-finalist at the British Open and Scottish Open, and a quarter-finalist at the Grand Prix and China Open.

At the 2001 Masters, Hunter beat Matthew Stevens 6–5 in the first round, Peter Ebdon 6–3 in the quarter-finals and Stephen Hendry 6–4 in the semi-finals. In the final Hunter met Fergal O'Brien. He was behind 3–7, but won seven out of the next nine frames to win 10–9. After winning , Hunter commented that he and his girlfriend had sex between sessions when losing 2-6 and had caused him to play better.

At the following year's event, he also won. He beat Stephen Lee 6–3 in the first round, Peter Ebdon 6–5 in the quarter-finals and Alan McManus 6–5 in the semi-finals where he met Mark Williams in the final. Hunter lost all of the first five frames, but won the match 10–9. Hunter was only the third player to retain the Masters along with Cliff Thorburn and Stephen Hendry. Hunter also won his second ranking event, winning the 2002 Welsh Open, beating Ken Doherty 9–2 in the final, but was defeated 9–10 in the first round of the 2002 World Championship by Quinten Hann. Later in 2002, Hunter won his third ranking event, the British Open defeating Ian McCulloch 9–4 in the final. As defending Masters champion, Hunter reached the semi-finals of the 2003 event, but lost 3–6 to Mark Williams.

In the 2003 World Snooker Championship, he defeated Allister Carter 10–5, Matthew Stevens 13–6 and Peter Ebdon 13–12 to reach the semi-finals. In his best-of-33-frames semi-final, Hunter established a 15–9 lead over Ken Doherty, however he only could win one of the next nine frames, and lost the match 16–17. The match was later shown as a "Crucible classic" on the BBC during the original dates for the 2020 World Snooker Championship when the event was delayed. Despite the loss, he earned a place in the world's top eight in the 2003-2004 world rankings for the first time in his career, having been ranked number nine for the previous two seasons.

In 2003–04, Hunter won the 2004 Masters for the third time in four years. Hunter was behind Ronnie O'Sullivan during the match 1–6, 2–7, 6–8 and 7–9 before winning the final three frames to win. He made five century breaks in the match. Hunter also reached the final of the Players Championship, but lost 7–9 against Jimmy White. At the 2004 Premier League Snooker event, he made his career highest break, a 146 in a 3–5 loss to Marco Fu. He reached the second round of the 2004 World Snooker Championship, where he lost 12–13 against Matthew Stevens, despite leading at both 10–6 and 12–10.

Hunter began the 2004–05 season, by reaching the semi-finals of the Grand Prix, where he lost 3–6 to Ronnie O'Sullivan. He then reached the quarter-finals of the 2005 China Open, just days after discovering that he was suffering from cancer. His career-high ranking was number four in the world during the 2004-2005 season, which dropped to number five the following season.

On 6 April 2005, Hunter announced that he was suffering cancer. Hunter returned to snooker for the start of the 2005–06 season, but lost to Rory McLeod in the first round of the Grand Prix. Hunter's next match of the season was at the UK Championship against Jamie Burnett, in which Hunter was 6–8 down but won the match 9–8. Despite this Hunter lost in the next round 2–9 against eventual champion Ding Junhui. He lost in the first round of the 2006 World Championship 5–10 to Neil Robertson, his last ever match.

He slipped from 5th to 34th in the 2006/2007 rankings. Hunter admitted that he was worse than the previous year and confirmed that he had been in continuous pain. On 27 July 2006, the WPBSA confirmed that, following a members' vote, the rules would be changed to allow Hunter to sit out the entire 2006–2007 season with his world ranking frozen at 34. He intended to devote the year to treatment for his cancer.

Hunter died at 8:20 pm on 9 October 2006 – just five days short of his 28th birthday – at the Kirkwood Hospice in Huddersfield. Prior to the Premier League Snooker matches on 12 October 2006, players Jimmy White, Ronnie O'Sullivan, Ken Doherty and Ding Junhui, along with referee Alan Chamberlain and commentators Willie Thorne and Phil Yates, all stood for a moment of silence to remember Hunter. He left a wife, Lindsey, and one daughter. His funeral took place on 19 October 2006 at Leeds Parish Church.

Fellow snooker players Stephen Hendry, Mark Williams, Jimmy White, Matthew Stevens and Ken Doherty led calls for the Masters trophy to be named in Hunter's memory. Instead, then non-ranking German Open in Fürth was renamed the Paul Hunter Classic in his honour; a event first won by Hunter. Also in 2007, the amateur English Open tournament was renamed the Paul Hunter English Open. On 20 April 2016, the Masters trophy was indeed renamed in Hunter's honour. World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn said they had "messed up" by not doing so sooner.

In 2006, Hunter was awarded the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Helen Rollason Award – his widow Lindsey accepted the award on his behalf. A Paul Hunter Foundation was set up after his death with the "specific aim of giving disadvantaged, able bodied and disabled youngsters an opportunity to play snooker". Hunter made 114 competitive century breaks in the course of his professional career, including a high break of 146.

Hunter and Lindsey Fell, a beauty therapist, married in August 2004 in Jamaica. On 26 December 2005, Lindsey gave birth to their first and only child, daughter Evie Rose, who weighed . He was seen as an exciting player and became known as the "Beckham of the Baize" named after football player David Beckham due to his looks. Hunter made comments that his first Masters win was due to having sex between sessions, which he referred to as "plan bonk". After his death, Lindsay wrote Unbreakable: My Life with Paul – a Story of Extraordinary Courage and Love covering Paul's snooker career, life and death.


Lady in the Iron Mask

Lady in the Iron Mask is a 1952 American adventure movie directed by Ralph Murphy. It is based on the last section of the novel "The Vicomte de Bragelonne" by Alexandre Dumas, père. It stars Louis Hayward, Patricia Medina, Alan Hale Jr., Judd Holdren and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Streets of Rage

Streets of Rage is a series of beat 'em ups. It was made and published by Sega for various consoles.


The Garden of Aunt Isabel

The Garden of Aunt Isabel (Spanish: El jardín de la tía Isabel) is a 1971 Mexican movie directed by Felipe Cazals. It stars Jorge Martínez de Hoyos, Claudio Brook, Ofelia Guilmáin, Gregorio Casal, Alfonso Arau, Claudio Obregón, Aarón Hernánn and was distributed by Películas Mexicanas.

Apolinar

Apolinar is a 1972 Mexican fantasy drama movie directed by Julio Castillo and starring Aarón Hernán, Bertha Moss, Abel Woolrich, Ofelia Medina, Enrique Rocha, and Sergio Kleiner.

Vampire Circus

Vampire Circus is a 1972 British Hammer horror movie directed by Robert Young and starring Adrienne Corri, Thorley Walters, Anthony Higgins, John Moulder-Brown, Lynne Frederick, Lalla Ward, Robin Sachs. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Lao script

Lao script is the writing system used to write the Lao language. It is based on the Khmer script. Since the Thai script was also based on the Khmer script, Lao script is very similar. Like Thai, it is an abugida, it has tone markers, and it has three classes of consonants that decides the tone of syllables. However, it is different from the Thai script because it has fewer consonants and the characters are much curvier than Thai, which are more angular. It also does not have the extra letters from Sanskrit and Pali like Thai does. The Lao script has 27 consonant letters, 7 consonant ligatures, 33 vowel markers, and 4 tone markers.

Khmer script

Khmer script is the writing system used to write the Khmer (Cambodian) language. The script is an abugida. This is a special type of writing system where consonants are changed to make a sound. The Khmer writing system came from other writing systems in India. It was the writing system that Thai and Lao are based on. However, Thai and Lao added tone markers to better suit their own languages, since Thai and Lao are tonal, while Khmer is not. 

Khmer has 35 consonants, but 2 of them are not used anymore. There are two categories of consonants: A-series and O-series. The A-series consonants end with an -"aw" sound (/ɑː/ in IPA) but the O-series consonants end with an -"oh" sound (/ɔː/ in IPA). For instance, ក (/kɑː/, "neck") is pronounced "kaw" and គ (/kɔː/, "mute") is pronounced "koh". Both of them have the "k" sound but they end in different sounds because ក is A-series while គ is O-series.

One key feature that Khmer has, while Thai and Lao do not, is that consonant letters have subscript forms. Subscript forms are forms of consonant letters that are written underneath other letters. Similar to how different letters in the Latin alphabet have capital or lowercase forms that look different from each other, consonants in Khmer have standard and subscript forms. These are used to write consonant strings. For example, in the word Khmer (ខ្មែរ), the "kh + m" consonant string is written as ខ្ម. By themselves, the consonants that make up the "kh + m" cluster would be written as ខ and ម, but since the "m" consonant is the second part of a consonant string, it is written differently under the first consonant in the cluster ខ. So ្ម is the subscript form of ម.

Dependent vowels must be combined with a consonant to make a sound. Different sounds are made depending on whether or not a consonant is voiced or voiceless.

For example, the A-series consonant ត is pronounced "taw" by itself. However, when combined with the vowel ា (which makes an -"ah" sound when added to an A-series consonant), it becomes តា ("tah", which means "grandfather").

However, the O-series consonant ទ (pronounced like the English "toe") combined with the vowel ា makes the word ទា (tee-ah) and means "duck".

There are independent vowels that do not need to be combined with a consonant. These are usually used to used to write words from Sanskrit and Pali. An example is ឧសភា (oo-sa-PEE-ah, "May"), where ឧ makes a sound like "oo" in b"oo"t.

Khmer has its own way of writing numbers. The numbers in Khmer are ០១២៣៤៥៦៧៨៩. For instance, 2022 in Khmer would be ២០២២.

Arturo Mercado

Arturo Mercado (born December 7, 1940) is a Mexican voice actor.



Jacques Kazadi

Jacques Kazadi (23 December 1936 – 23 April 2020) was a Congolese economist, professor, and politician. He was born in Luluabourg, Belgian Congo.

Kazadi taught at several universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and abroad, including the University of Kinshasa and the University of Michigan. He was then appointed at the first black Dean of the Faculté des Sciences Économiques, and later the first President of the Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa (CODESRIA) from 1973 to 1976. CODESRIA is the largest organization of African social science workers on the continent.

During the 1970s, Kazadi became a member of the Popular Movement of the Revolution, ruling party of the one-party state regime instilled by Mobutu Sese Seko. He was Secretary of the Treasury until the National Conference of 24 April 1990, when he left the party.

Kazadi died on 23 April 2020 in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo at the age of 83.

Young Jessie

Obediah Donnell "Obie" Jessie (December 28, 1936 – April 27, 2020) was an American R&B, rock and roll and jazz singer-songwriter. He recorded as Young Jessie in the 1950s and 1960s. He was known for his solo career, work with The Flairs and for a short time, with The Coasters. He later performed and recorded jazz as Obie Jessie. He was born in Dallas, Texas.

He died on April 27, 2020, aged 83.


The Quiller Memorandum

The Quiller Memorandum is a 1966 American British spy drama movie directed by Michael Anderson and based on the 1965 novel "The Berlin Memorandum" by Elleston Trevor. It stars George Segal, Alec Guinness, Max von Sydow, Senta Berger, George Sanders, Philip Madoc and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 BAFTAS in 1967.


Bobby Lewis

Robert Alan Lewis (February 9, 1925 – April 28, 2020) was an American rock and roll and rhythm and blues singer. He was best known for his 1961 hit singles "Tossin' and Turnin'" and "One Track Mind". He was born in Indianapolis, Indiana.

He died on April 28, 2020, aged 95.


Riverdale, Illinois

Riverdale is a village and a south suburb of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The population was 10,663 at the 2020 census.

Germano Celant

Germano Celant (11 September 1940 – 29 April 2020) was an Italian art historian, critic and curator. He invented the term "Arte Povera" (poor art) in 1967 and wrote many articles and books on the subject. He was born in Genoa, Italy. 

In 1974, Celant edited and curated the Catalogue Raisonné of Italian artist Piero Manzoni. He curated many exhibitions on Italian art, including "Identité italienne. L'art en Italie depuis 1959" (Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris, 1981), "Italian art, 1900-1945" (Palazzo Grassi, Venice, 1989; with Pontus Hultén), and "Italian Metamorphosis 1943-1968" (Guggenheim Museum, New York, 1994). 

In 1997, he was the director of the Venice Biennale and in 2004, he curated the exhibition "Art and Architecture" in Genoa. From 1977, he was a contributing editor to "Artforum" and from 1991 he was a contributing editor to "Interview".

In 1988, Celant was appointed Senior Curator of Contemporary Art at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City.

On 29 April 2020, Celant died of COVID-19 in Milan, aged 80.

Yahya Hassan

Yahya Hassan (19 May 1995 – 29 April 2020) was a Danish poet and political activist. He was known for his criticism of Islam in Denmark. He was born in Aarhus, Denmark. His most known work, "Yahya Hassan", as of 2013 was the best-selling debut poetry collection in Denmark. It printed in more than 120,000 copies (middle of 2015).

Hassan was found dead in his apartment in Aarhus on 29 April 2020, aged 24.


The Carpetbaggers

The Carpetbaggers is a 1964 American drama movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the novel of the same name by Harold Robbins. It stars George Peppard, Alan Ladd, Bob Cummings, Elizabeth Ashley, Lew Ayers, Leif Erickson, Carroll Baker, Martha Hyer and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. Steve McQueen appears in the 1966 prequel movie "Nevada Smith".


Tony Allen (musician)

Tony Oladipo Allen (July 20, 1940 – April 30, 2020) was a Nigerian drummer, composer, and songwriter. He lived and worked in Paris. Allen was the drummer and musical director of Fela Kuti's band Africa '70 from 1968 to 1979, and was one of the primary co-founders of the genre of Afrobeat music. He was born in Lagos.

Allen died on April 30, 2020 in Paris from an aortic aneurysm, aged 79.

Kundanika Kapadia

Kundanika Kapadia (11 January 1927 – 30 April 2020) was a Gujarati novelist, story writer and essayist. She was born in Limbdi, Wadhwan State, British India but was raised in Gujarat. Snehdhan was her pen name. "Parodh Thata Pahela" (1968) was her first novel followed by "Agnipipasa" (1972). She wrote "Sat Pagala Akashma" (Seven Steps in the Sky, 1984).

Kapadia died on 30 April 2020 in Gujarat of colorectal cancer, aged 93.

The Innocents (movie)

The Innocents is a 1961 British psychological horror movie directed by Jack Clayton and based on the novella "The Turn of the Screw" by Henry James. It stars Deborah Kerr, Michael Redgrave, Peter Wyngarde, Pamela Franklin, Isla Cameron and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Museum of Arts and Design

The Museum of Arts and Design (MAD), based in Manhattan, New York City, collects, displays, and keeps examples of historic craft, art, and design. In its exhibitions and educational programs, the Museum celebrates how materials are crafted into works that define contemporary life. 


North to Alaska

North to Alaska is a 1960 American western movie directed by Henry Hathaway and based on 1939 play "Birthday Gift" by Ladislas Fodor. It stars John Wayne, Stewart Granger, Ernie Kovacs and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Maryna Bazanova

Maryna Bazanova (, 25 December 1962 – 27 April 2020) was a Russian handball player. He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1988 Summer Olympics and for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics. She won two bronze medalist. Bazanova was born in Omsk, Soviet Union.

Bazanova died on 27 April 2020 in Bremen, Germany at the age of 57.

Louis Cardiet

Louis Cardiet (20 January 1943 – 28 April 2020) was a French professional footballer who played as a defender. He was born in Quimperlé, France. From 1965 to 1967, he played for the national team. From 1963 to 1973, Cardiet played for Stade Rennais F.C..

Cardiet died on 28 April 2020 at the age of 77.


Al Edwards (politician)

Albert Ely Edwards (March 19, 1937 – April 29, 2020) was an American politician and businessman. He was born in Houston, Texas. He was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1978 to 2007 and again from 2009 to 2011. Edwards was a member of the Democratic Party.

Edwards died on April 29, 2020 at the age of 83.

One Foot in Hell

One Foot in Hell is a 1960 American western movie directed by James B. Clark and stars Alan Ladd, Don Murray, Dan O'Herlihy, Karl Swenson, Rachel Stephens. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Alexander Fernando

Joseph Manuel Alexander Fernando ( "Æleksænḍar Pranāndu"; 25 August 194029 April 2020) was a Sri Lankan actor and stunt director. He was known for his villain roles. Fernando acted in over 120 Sinhala movies. He was born in Kotahena, Ceylon. His best known roles were in "Ahas Gauwa", "Christhu Charithaya" and in "Supiri Balawatha".

Fernando died on 29 April 2020 in Colombo, Sri Lanka at the age of 79.

Chuni Goswami

Subimal Goswami (15 January 1938 – 30 April 2020), commonly known by his nickname Chuni Goswami, was an Indian international footballer and first class cricketer. He was born in Kishoreganj District, Bangladesh. He played 30 international matches representing India and scored 9 times for the team. He played Ranji Trophy for Bengal, captaining his team to the final of the tournament in 1971–72.

Goswami died on 30 April 2020 in Kolkata of cardiac arrest, aged 82.

Chuni Goswami played in 30 FIFA "A" international matches having scored 9 times for the National team.

Mohun Bagan

India

Bengal

Individual

Records

Accolades

Chuni Goswami made his first class debut for Bengal in the Ranji Trophy during the 1962–63 season. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium pace bowler.

Jordan Cox (rugby league)

Jordan Cox (27 May 1992 – 30 April 2020) was an English rugby league footballer. He was born in Hull, England. He last played for Doncaster. He had also played in the Super League for: the Hull Kingston Rovers, the Huddersfield Giants and the Warrington Wolves. 

He had also appeared for Newcastle Thunder, Halifax and the Sheffield Eagles outside of the Super League.

Cox died on 30 April 2020 in Hull at the age of 27.

Óscar Chávez

Óscar Chávez (20 March 1935 – 30 April 2020) was a Mexican singer-songwriter and actor. He was born in Mexico City. He was popular during the 1960s and 1970s. His best known songs were "Por Ti" and "Macondo". He recorded many Mexican folk songs. 

Chávez died on 30 April 2020 of COVID-19 in Mexico City, aged 85.

Singapore Vikings FC

Singapore Vikings FC is an expatriate football club based in Singapore. The players are mainly made up of Danish players, mostly having played in professional, semi-professional or amateur division football in their native country. The Vikings are also well known for their aim to run 1000km in order to raise $20,000 for migrant workers in Singapore during the COVID-19 period.


The Captain's Table

The Captain's Table is a 1959 British comedy movie directed by Jack Lee and stars John Gregson, Peggy Cummins, Donald Sinden, Maurice Denham, Joan Sims, Oliver Reed, Reginald Beckwith. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Inn of the Sixth Happiness

The Inn of the Sixth Happiness is a 1958 British biographical drama movie directed by Oscar nominated director Mark Robson and based on the 1957 novel "The Small Woman" by Alan Burgess. It stars Ingrid Bergman, Curt Jürgens, Robert Donat, Athene Seyeler, Moultrie Kelsall, Burt Kwouk and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Airport '77

Airport '77 is a 1977 American thriller movie directed by Jerry Jameson and is the third movie in the Airport franchise. It stars Jack Lemmon, James Stewart, Lee Grant, George Kennedy, Christopher Lee, Robert Foxworth, Kathleen Quinlan, Olivia de Havilland and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Oscars at the Academy Awards in 1978.



Rupert Scholz

Rupert Scholz (born 23 May 1937) is a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union. Scholz was born in Berlin. From 1988 to 1989, he was a member of Helmut Kohl's cabinet as German Federal Minister of Defence. From 1990 to 2002, he was a member of Bundestag.

Elavumthitta

Elavumthitta is a town in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

1. Geographic location.

2. Cites.




Elavumthitta is flanked by the area of 4 panchayats. Following data is from the book 'Panchayat level Statistics 2006' published by Department of Economics & Statistics Thiruvananthapuram.

Enadimangalam

Enadimangalam is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Enadimangalam.

Enadimangalam is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Christian Schwarz-Schilling

Christian Schwarz-Schilling (born 19 November 1930) is an Austrian-born German politician, businessman and philanthropist. He was the 5th High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1 February 2006 until 30 June 2007 and as the 2nd European Union Special Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina during the same period. He was born in Innsbruck, Austria.

Dorothee Wilms

Dorothee Wilms (born October 11, 1929) is a German politician. She was born in Grevenbroich, Germany. From 1982 to 1987 she was the Federal Minister for Education and Science. From 1987 to 1991, Wilms was the Federal Minister for Inner-German relations.

Jürgen Schmude

Jürgen Dieter Paul Schmude (born 9 June 1936) is a German politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He was born in Insterburg, Germany. 

Schmude was a member of the Bundestag from 1969 to 1990. He was the Minister of Education and Research of Germany from 1978 to 1981. From 1981 to 1982, he was the Minister of Justice. In 1982, he was also Minister of the Interior.

Andreas von Bülow

Andreas von Bülow (born July 17, 1937) is a German SPD politician and writer. He was born in Dresden. He has written books about September 11 conspiracy theories. From 1980 to 1982, he was the Minister of Research and Technology. 


Karl-Hans Laermann

Karl-Hans Laermann (born 26 December 1929) is a German politician. He was born in Kaulhausen, Germany. He is a member of the Free Democratic Party. From 1974 to 1998, he was a member of the Bundestag. From October to November 1994, he was Minister of Education and Research of Germany.

Onionhead

Onionhead is a 1958 American World War II comedy drama movie directed by Norman Taurog and based on the novel of the same name by Weldon Hill. It stars Andy Griffin, Walter Matthau, Felicia Farr, Erin O'Brien, James Gregory, Joey Bishop, Ainslie Pryor, Claude Akins and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Jerónimo Arango

Jerónimo Julio Arango Arias (1927 — 4 April 2020) was a Mexican billionaire businessman. He was the co-founder of the Aurrerá supermarket chain. His net worth was estimated at US$4.6 billion in 2006 by "Forbes". By 1991, Arango partnered with Wal-Mart, a move that eventually brought the Wal-Mart retail stores to Mexico.

Arango died of natural causes on 4 April 2020 at his home in Los Angeles.

Arminsyah

Dr. Arminsyah (3 May 1960 – 4 April 2020) was an Indonesian lawyer and politician. He was born in Padang, Indonesia. From 2017 until his death, he was Vice Attorney General. For a short time in October 2019, he was Acting Attorney General.

Arminsyah was killed in a car crash in Jakarta on 4 April 2020, aged 59. 

The Deep (1977 movie)

The Deep is a 1977 American British adventure movie directed by Peter Yates and based on the novel of the same name by Peter Benchley. It stars Robert Shaw, Jacqueline Bisset, Nick Nolte, Eli Wallach, Louis Gossett Jr. and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1978.


Klaus Töpfer

Klaus Töpfer (born 29 July 1938) is a German politician. He was born in Waldenburg, Silesia. He is a member of the CDU. From 1998 to 2006, he was executive director of the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP).

Rudolf Seiters

Rudolf Seiters (born 13 October 1937) is a German politician. He is a member of the CDU (Christian Democratic Union) party. Seiters was born in Osnabrück, Germany.

From 1989 to 1991, he was Federal Minister for Special Affairs and the Head of the Office of the German Chancellery. From 1991 to 1993, he was the Minister of the Interior. From 1998 to 2002, he was the Vice President of the German Bundestag. In 2003, he was elected President of the German Red Cross.

Los Olvidados

Los Olvidados (, Spanish for "The Forgotten Ones"), known in the U.S. as The Young and the Damned, is a 1950 Mexican crime drama movie directed by Luis Buñuel and stars Alfonso Mejía, Stella Inda, Miguel Inclán, Roberto Cobo. It was Koch-Lorber Films.

Pour le piano

Pour le piano (For the piano) is a suite for solo piano by Claude Debussy. Debussy composed it in 1901. Three movements are part of the suite, a prélude, a sarabande and a toccata. Ricardo Viñes first played it at the Salle Érard on 11 January 1902. Maurice Ravel created a version for orchestra of the middle movement.

The suite is regarded as Debussy's first mature piano composition. There are many recordings.

Claude Debussy composed the three pieces in the suite at different times. The second movement, a sarabande, was composed in the winter of 1894. At that time it was part of the series of "Images oubliées" (forgotten images). It is dedicated to Yvonne Lerolle, the daughter of Henry Lerolle. Debussy composed did not compose much piano music during the 1890s and focused on opera and orchestral music. He finished the suite in 1901, revising Sarabande. He also dedicated the revised version of Sarabande, as well as the third movement, Toccata, to Yvonne Lerolle, now Mme E. Rouart. The suite was published in 1901 by Eugène Fromont. It was premiered on 11 January 1902 at the Salle Érard in Paris for the Société Nationale de Musique. Ricardo Viñes was the pianist, who knew about the suite from his friend Maurice Ravel.

"Pour le piano" was a very important change in Debussy's creative development, who now switched to making piano music.

On the 100th anniversary of Debussy's death, Bärenreiter published a critical edition of some of his piano music in 2018, including "Pour le piano". The publisher said that the "improvisational and fugitive" parts of Debussy's compositions were "governed by a precisely calibrated formal design" that left "little room for chance".

"Pour le piano" has been regarded as Debussy's first mature piano work. The suite consists of three movements:


The first movement, called Prélude, is marked "Assez animé et très rythmé" (With spirit and very rhythmically). It was dedicated to Debussy's student Mlle Worms de Romilly, who notes that the movement "tellingly evokes the gongs and music of Java". The pianist Angela Hewitt notes that Prélude begins with a theme in the bass, followed by a long pedal point passage. The theme is repeated in chords marked fortissimo, together with glissando runs that Debussy connected to "d’Artagnan drawing his sword". In a middle section, the left hand holds a pedal point in A-flat major, to which the right hand adds colours. The conclusion is marked "Tempo di cadenza", again with glissando-figures.

Sarabande is marked "Avec une élégance grave et lente" (With a slow and solemn elegance). Debussy said it should be "rather like an old portrait in the Louvre". Émile Vuillermoz described Debussy's playing of the movement as "with the easy simplicity of a good dancer from the sixteenth century". Hewitt calls it "antique and modern at the same time". The movement has been regarded as "among the most intimate music for the keyboard", showing an affinity to Erik Satie such as his 1887 three dances called "Sarabandes".

The last movement is a toccata, marked "Vif" (Lively). It has been described as "poised and energetic, extroverted and graceful" and shows influences from Scarlatti's sonatas. Hewitt notes about the virtuoso writing that speed alone wasn't Debussy's goal, but rather clarity.

A reviewer described the suite as "possibly foreshadowing the neo-classical Debussy that emerged in his last years".

Lothar de Maizière

Lothar de Maizière (; born 2 March 1940) is a German Christian Democratic politician. In 1990, he was the only democratically elected Prime Minister of the German Democratic Republic.

Friedrich Ebert Jr.

Friedrich "Fritz" Ebert Jr. (12 September 1894 – 4 December 1979) was a German politician and East German communist official. He was the son of Germany's first President Friedrich Ebert. He was the 1st Lord Mayor of East Berlin.

Günther Maleuda

Günther Maleuda (20 January 1931 – 18 July 2012) was an East German politician. From 1989 to 1990 he was the President of the People's Chamber (East German Parliament). In 1994 he was elected as a (non-party) member of the Bundestag (German Parliament) on the PDS list. He stayed a member until 1998.

Carl-Dieter Spranger

Carl-Dieter "Asslöch" Spranger (born 28 March 1939) is a German politician. He is a member of the CSU. Spranger was born in Leipzig. From 1991 to 1998, he was Minister for Economic Cooperation and Development of Germany.

Manfred Kanther

Manfred Kanther (born 26 May 1939) is a German conservative politician. He was born in Schweidnitz, Silesia. He was Minister of the Interior of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1993 to 1998. He has been a member of the CDU.

The End (1978 movie)

The End is a 1978 American black comedy movie. It was directed by and starred Burt Reynolds, with Sally Field, Dom DeLuise, Strother Martin, David Steinberg, Joanne Woodward, Norman Fell, Carl Reiner, and Kristy McNichol also starring. It was distributed by United Artists.

Edzard Schmidt-Jortzig

Edzard Schmidt-Jortzig (born 8 October 1941) is a German jurist. He worked at University of Kiel. He is a member of the Free Democratic Party. He was German Federal Minister of Justice in the Cabinet Kohl V between 1996 and 1998. He was born in Berlin.

Jochen Borchert

Jochen Borchert (born 25 April 1940) is a German politician. He was born in Nahrstedt, Stendal. Borchert is a member of the CDU. He was Minister of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection in Chancellor Helmut Kohl's cabinet from 1993 to 1998. From 1980 to 2009 he has been a member of the Bundestag.


Delano Lewis

Delano Eugene Lewis (November 12, 1938 – August 2, 2023) was an American attorney, businessman, and diplomat. He was the United States Ambassador to South Africa from 2000 to 2001 during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush presidencies. He had roles at the Peace Corps and National Public Radio. He was the father of actor Phill Lewis.

Lewis was born in Arkansas City, Kansas. Lewis went to Sumner High School, in Kansas City, Kansas, graduating in 1956. He graduated form the University of Kansas in 1960.

Lewis died on August 2, 2023 under hospice care in Las Cruces, New Mexico at the age of 84.

Dakota Lil

Dakota Lil is a 1950 American western movie. It is directed by Lesley Selander and stars George Montgomery, Rod Cameron, Marie Windsor, John Emery, Wallace Ford, Jack Lambert, and James Flavin. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Ride a Crooked Trail

Ride a Crooked Trail is a 1958 American romantic western movie directed by Jesse Hibbs and starring Audie Murphy, Walter Matthau, Gia Scala, Joanna Cook Moore, Henry Silva. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

The Outcasts of Poker Flat (1952 movie)

The Outcasts of Poker Flat is a 1952 American western movie directed by Joseph M. Newman and based on the 1869 short story of the same name by Bert Harte. It stars Anne Baxter, Dale Robertson, Miriam Hopkins, Barbara Bates, Cameron Mitchell.


Five Boys from Barska Street

Five Boys from Barska Street () is a 1954 Polish drama movie directed by Aleksander Ford and based on the 1952 novel of the same name by Kazimierz Koźniewski. It stars Aleksandra Śląska, Tadeusz Janczar, Andrzej Kozak, Tadeusz Łomnicki, Ludwik Benoit.

Broken Lance

Broken Lance is a 1954 American western movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1941 novel "I'll Never Go There Any More" by Jerome Weidman. Actors include Spencer Tracy, Robert Wagner, Jean Peters, Richard Widmark, Hugh O'Brian and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards and winning one in 1955.


Bluebeard (1972 movie)

Bluebeard is a 1972 Italian German French horror movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1697 folk tale of the same name by Charles Perrault. It stars Richard Burton, Raquel Welch, Joey Heatherton, Sybil Danning, Jean Lefebvre and was distributed by Cinerama Releasing Corporation.


The Big Lift

The Big Lift is a 1950 American drama movie set in Berlin, Germany directed by George Seaton. It stars Montgomery Clift, Paul Douglas, Cornell Borchers, Bruni Löbel and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Ayiroor

Ayiroor (Ayroor) is a village in the Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India. The Pamba River flows on the southern side of the village, making the soil around the village very fertile.

People of Ayiroor cultivate coconut, rubber, cocoa, tapioca, plantains, cinnamon, pepper, nutmeg, vanilla, rambutan,etc

One of the highlights of Ayiroor is the "Cherukolpuzha Hindu Parishad", a religious festival that is held for a week in February. Snake boat races also attract people to the village.




Enathu

According to2011 Census, Enathu had a population of 20,540 people.



Enathu Bailey bridge

Enathu Bailey bridge was a Bailey bridge made by Indian Army through Kallada River in Enathu, Pathanamthitta district, Kerala. The bridge opened to the public on 10 April, 2017. The bridge is 54.50-metre-long 3.5 metres wide.

In September 2017, the Indian Army dismantled the Bailey bridge, after the maintenance of Enathu Bridge was completed..

The Jackpot

The Jackpot is a 1950 American comedy movie directed by Walter Lang and starring James Stewart, James Gleason, Barbara Hale, Fred Clark, Alan Mowbray, and Natalie Wood. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Malayala Manorama

Malayala Manorama is a daily newspaper in Malayalam published from Kottayam, Kerala, India by the Malayala Manorama Company Limited.

According to World Association of Newspapers, as of 2016, it was the fourteenth most circulated newspaper in the world.



Night People (1954 movie)

Night People is a 1954 American drama movie directed by Nunnally Johnson. It stars Gregory Peck, Broderick Crawford, Anita Bjork, Buddy Ebsen, and Walter Abel. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1955.

The Adventures of Hajji Baba

The Adventures of Hajji Baba is a 1954 American adventure movie directed by Don Weis and based on the 1824 novel "The Adventures of Hajji Baba of Ispahan" by James Justinian Morier. It stars John Derek, Elaine Stewart, Thomas Gomez, Rosemarie Bowe, Joanne Arnold and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Abominable Snowman (movie)

The Abominable Snowman (U.S. title: The Abominable Snowman of the Himalayas) is a 1957 British fantasy horror movie directed by Val Guest and stars Peter Cushing, Forrest Tucker, Maureen Connell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Pork Chop Hill

Pork Chop Hill is a 1959 American Korean War drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and based on the 1956 novel by S.L.A. Marshall. It stars Gregory Peck, Rip Torn, Woody Strode, George Peppard, George Shibata, Martin Landau, Barry Atwater, Abel Fernandez, Biff Elliot, Harry Dean Stanton. It was distributed by United Artists. It was a minor box office hit.


Mayurbhanj district

Mayurbhanj district is one of the 30 districts in Odisha, India. The main city is Baripada. Mayurbhanj has an area of . In 2011, there were 2,519,738 people living in Mayurbhanj district.

Thue et Mue

Thue et Mue is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Bretteville-l'Orgueilleuse (the seat), Brouay, Cheux, Le Mesnil-Patry, Putot-en-Bessin and Sainte-Croix-Grand-Tonne.

Notre-Dame-d'Estrées-Corbon

Notre-Dame-d'Estrées-Corbon is a commune in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2015 and consists of the former communes of Notre-Dame-d'Estrées (the seat) and Corbon.

Castine-en-Plaine

Castine-en-Plaine is a commune. It is found in the Normandy region in the Calvados department in northwestern France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Rocquancourt (the seat), Hubert-Folie and Tilly-la-Campagne.

La Vespière-Friardel

La Vespière-Friardel is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of La Vespière (the seat) and Friardel.

Cabrespine

Cabrespine is a commune of 176 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cailhau

Cailhau is a commune of 266 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cailhavel

Cailhavel is a commune of 132 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cailla

Cailla is a commune of 48 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cambieure

Cambieure is a commune of 304 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Campagna-de-Sault

Campagna-de-Sault is a commune with 19 people living there in the year 2017. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Campagne-sur-Aude

Campagne-sur-Aude is a commune of 581 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Camplong-d'Aude

Camplong-d'Aude is a commune of 367 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Camps-sur-l'Agly

Camps-sur-l'Agly is a commune of 55 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Camurac

Camurac is a commune of 98 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Canet, Aude

Canet is a commune of 1,778 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Capendu

Capendu is a commune of 1,468 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Carlipa

Carlipa is a commune of 340 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cascastel-des-Corbières

Cascastel-des-Corbières is a commune of 221 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gincla

Gincla is a commune of 48 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montferrand, Aude

Montferrand is a commune of 565 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sega AM2

, often abbreviated as Sega AM R&D No. 2 or Sega AM2 and known as , is a video game development division of the Japanese company Sega. It was founded by Yu Suzuki in 1985. Sega AM2 is best known for the "Hang On", "Out Run", "Virtua Fighter", "Daytona USA" and "Shenmue" series.

AM2's first 3D game was "Virtua Racing". It was published in 1992. It was followed by "Virtua Fighter" and "Daytona USA".

Space Station Processing Facility

The Space Station Processing Facility (SSPF) is a factory building at the Kennedy Space Center's industrial complex. 

It was built in 1994 to make parts for the International Space Station and test them for launch. 

Today, the SSPF is used to make and process all of NASA's future space station components, such as the Lunar Gateway and resupply vehicles for International Space Station. 

The building has a total floor area of 42,000 sq meters, is four stories high, and contains two enormous cleanrooms that serve as the main manufacturing bay. The building also has a ballroom for lectures, meetings and dinner events; office space for laboratories and computers; a canteen (with a restaurant and refreshment area), and several visitor areas. Tours are free (included in the KSC visitor complex bus tour), and show many areas of the factory.

La Cassaigne

La Cassaigne is a commune of 169 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cassaignes

Cassaignes is a commune of 56 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villemagne

Villemagne is a commune of 261 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villeneuve-les-Corbières

Villeneuve-les-Corbières is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Caunette-sur-Lauquet

Caunette-sur-Lauquet is a commune of 4 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Les Cassés

Les Cassés is a commune of 295 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Castans

Castans is a commune of 134 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Castelnau-d'Aude

Castelnau-d'Aude is a commune of 491 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Castelreng

Castelreng is a commune of 207 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caudebronde

Caudebronde is a commune of 189 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pomy, Aude

Pomy is a commune in Occitanie in the Aude department in south France. In 2017, 59 people lived there.

Saint-Martin-de-Villereglan

Saint-Martin-de-Villereglan is a commune of 363 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caunettes-en-Val

Caunettes-en-Val is a commune of 44 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caux-et-Sauzens

Caux-et-Sauzens is a commune of 979 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Cavanac

Cavanac is a commune of 923 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caves, Aude

Caves is a commune of 875 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Conques-sur-Orbiel

Conques-sur-Orbiel is a commune of 2,525 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in southern France.

Le Clat

Le Clat is a commune of 21 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cazalrenoux

Cazalrenoux is a commune of 91 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Counozouls

Counozouls is a commune of 48 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Molleville

Molleville is a commune of 130 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Fanjeaux

Fanjeaux is a commune of 834 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Duilhac-sous-Peyrepertuse

Duilhac-sous-Peyrepertuse is a commune of 146 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cenne-Monestiés

Cenne-Monestiés is a commune of 401 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cazilhac, Aude

Cazilhac is a commune of 1,648 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cépie

Cépie is a commune of 646 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Chalabre

Chalabre is a commune in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. In 2017, 1,118 people lived there.

Citou

Citou is a commune of 89 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Trèbes

Trèbes is a commune. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lasserre-de-Prouille

Lasserre-de-Prouille is a commune of 267 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Theodemer

Theudemeres (thu du mers) was the king of the Franks in the Middle ages.


Wairoa

Wairoa is a small province in Northern Hawkes Bay, New Zealand. The population of Wairoa is 8680 as of the June 2018 Census.

Wairoa Government Official Website

Clermont-sur-Lauquet

Clermont-sur-Lauquet is a commune of 26 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

John Bryant (journalist)

John Bryant "(1943 – 30 April 2020)" was a British journalist. He was the editor of "The Daily Telegraph" from 2005 to 2007. He was also was editor of "The European", editor of "The Sunday Correspondent", deputy editor of "The Times" and executive editor of the "Daily Mail". 

He helped create the London Marathon, with Chris Brasher. He was born in Haselbury Plucknett, Somerset, England.

Bryant died on 30 April 2020 in Surrey, aged 76.

Comus

Comus is a commune of 43 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Conilhac-Corbières

Conilhac-Corbières is a commune of 917 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Escueillens-et-Saint-Just-de-Bélengard

Escueillens-et-Saint-Just-de-Bélengard is a commune of 156 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Coudons

Coudons is a commune of 52 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caunes-Minervois

Caunes-Minervois is a commune of 1,654 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Colfax, Illinois

Colfax is a village in Illinois in the United States.

David City, Nebraska

David City is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Butler County.

Oeschebüttel

Oeschebüttel is a municipality of the district Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Cagayan

Cagayan (; ; ; ) is a province of the Philippines in the Cagayan Valley region in the northeast of Luzon Island, and includes the Babuyan Islands to the north. The capital is Tuguegarao.

Chung Hae-won

Chung Hae-Won (, 1 July 1959 – 1 May 2020) was a South Korean football striker and coach. He scored two goals to give South Korea national football team a 2–1 win over North Korea national football team. He played for the national team in 1978 and again from 1980 to 1990. He also played for Busan IPark from 1983 to 1990.

Chung died on 1 May 2020 of liver cancer in Seoul, aged 60.

Alytus County

Alytus County () is one of the 10 counties in Lithuania. The capital is the city of Alytus.

The municipalities in Alytus County are:

Augustine Mahiga

Augustine Philip Mahiga (28 August 1945 – 1 May 2020) was a Tanzanian CCM politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tanzania from 2015 to 2019. He was the Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 2003 to 2010. He was born in Dar es Salaam, Tanganyika.

Mahiga died on 1 May 2020 in Dodoma, Tanzania from COVID-19, aged 74.


Utena County

Utena County () is one of the 10 counties in Lithuania. The capital is Utena.

There are six municipalities:

Benjamín Moreno

Benjamín Moreno (17 April 1955 – 1 May 2020), known simply as Moreno, was a Spanish footballer. He played as striker. From 1980 to 1985, he played for CD Leganés. Moreno was born in Guarromán, Spain.

Moreno died in Madrid of heart failure on 1 May 2020, aged 55.

In a Lonely Place

In a Lonely Place is a 1950 American romantic drama movie directed by Nicholas Ray and based on the 1947 novel of the same name by Dorothy B. Hughes. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Gloria Grahame, Frank Lovejoy, Martha Stewart, Robert Warwick and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


RNA vaccine

Messenger RNA vaccines or mRNA vaccines is a type of vaccine that protects the body from certain viruses. Like all vaccines, mRNA vaccines increase the body's immunity so the patient is less likely to catch an infectious disease.

Almost all cells make and use their own mRNA. They use it to make proteins. Each mRNA is like a blueprint or recipe for one kind of protein.

Most vaccines work by taking something from a harmful germ and putting it inside the patient's body without any parts of the germ that cause harm. Then the patient's own cells learn to identify the germ using its other parts. Then, if a living germ ever attacks the body, the patient's cells fight it off without having to learn what it is first. Some vaccines do this by putting a dead, weak germ inside the patient's body. Other vaccines do this by putting lots of proteins that the germ makes inside the body but not any germs themselves. mRNA vaccines work by putting mRNA inside the body instead of protein. Then the body uses the mRNA to make protein itself.

mRNA vaccines can be injected into the skin or muscle with a needle. Some mRNA vaccines can be inhaled into the patient's nose. Anti-cancer mRNA vaccines can be injected into the tumor -- these vaccines are made to have the body make its own cells attack and kill cancer cells.

Scientists think mRNA vaccines are safer than other vaccines because it is easy to make the mRNA that makes only specific proteins of a germ, while other types of vaccines may have harmful parts of the germ that can cause a bad effect on the body. This way, the mRNA does not make whole germs inside the body. Some proteins can be harmful to the body, but mRNA itself is not.

The first mRNA vaccine was used in mice around 1990 but it was a long time before large numbers of scientists started to work making mRNA vaccines.

The first mRNA vaccines used on people were made to work against cancer in the late 1990s. Doctors found out which proteins only tumor cells make and used mRNA for those proteins as a vaccine so the patient's own immune systems would kill some of the tumor cells.

Harriet Craig

Harriet Craig is a 1950 American film noir drama movie directed by Vincent Sherman and based on the 1925 play "Craig's Wife" by George Kelly. It stars Joan Crawford, Wendell Corey, Allyn Joslyn, Lucile Watson and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Carl Værnet

Carl Vaernet (born: April 28, 1893 in Copenhagen, Denmark, died on November 25, 1965, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a doctor in the Buchenwald concentration camp. He is infamous for doing barbaric medical experiments on gay prisoners. These crimes were hidden from history for over 50 years. 

With help from the British military, he was not put on trial at Nuremburg. He escaped to Argentina where he is known to have lived openly until his death in 1965.

The Marrying Kind

The Marrying Kind is a 1952 American comedy drama movie directed by George Cukor and starring Judy Holliday, Aldo Ray, Ruth Gordon, Charles Bronson, Frank Ferguson, Madge Kennedy. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Astarte

Astarte (Ashtoreth, also spelled Athtart, Ashtoreth, or Ashtart) is the Queen of Heaven to whom the Canaanites burned offerings and poured libations (Jeremiah 44). Astarte, goddess of war and sexual love, shared so many qualities with her sister, Anath, that they may originally have been seen as a single deity. Their names together are the basis for the Aramaic goddess Atargatis.

Astarte was a great goddess of the ancient Middle East and chief deity of Tyre, Sidon, and Elat, important Mediterranean seaports. Hebrew scholars now feel that the goddess Ashtoreth mentioned so often in the Bible is a deliberate conflation of the Greek name Astarte and the Hebrew word "boshet", “shame,” indicating the Hebrews’ contempt for her cult. Ashtaroth, the plural form of the goddess’s name in Hebrew, became a general term denoting goddesses and paganism.

Astarte was worshiped in Egypt and Ugarit and among the Hittites, as well as in Canaan. Her Akkadian counterpart was Ishtar. Later she became assimilated with the Egyptian deities Isis and Hathor (a goddess of the sky and of women), and in the Greco-Roman world with Aphrodite, Artemis, and Juno.

Astarte is a Semitic queen, and sister of Isis.

Young Jesse James

Young Jesse James is 1960 American western movie directed by William F. Claxton and stars Ray Stricklyn, Merry Anders, Robert Dix, Emile Meyer, Willard Parker, Rayford Barnes, Tyler McVey. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Manu Gavassi

Manoela Latini Gavassi Francisco (born January 4, 1993) is an Brazilain Singer, songwriter, actress, writer and directora

Cymose

Cymose inflorescence (cyme) is a type of flowering shoot. The first inflorescence develops from the growing region at the top of the flower stalk. The younger shoots flower on the sides. 

Hell and High Water (movie)

Hell and High Water is a 1954 American Cold War drama movie directed by Samuel Fuller and stars Richard Widmark, Bella Darvi, Victor Francen, Cameron Mitchell, David Wayne. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1955.


The Gunfighter

The Gunfighter is a 1950 American western movie directed by Henry King and stars Gregory Peck, Karl Malden, Helen Westcott, Jean Parker, Millard Mitchell, Richard Jaeckel, Ellen Corby. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1951.


The Eagle and the Hawk

The Eagle and the Hawk is a 1950 American western movie directed by Lewis R. Foster and stars John Payne, Rhonda Fleming, Dennis O'Keefe, Thomas Gomez, Fred Clark. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


2008 United States presidential election in Texas

The 2008 United States presidential election in Texas occurred on November 4 2008 as part of, that year's national election. John McCain won the election, winning the state's 34 electoral votes.

2008 United States presidential election in North Carolina

The 2008 United States presidential election in North Carolina took place as part of that year's national presidential election. This election took place on November 4, 2008. Barack Obama won, becoming the first Democrat to win North Carolina since Jimmy Carter in 1976. Obama was very narrowly elected, winning 49.7% of the vote. John McCain received 49.38% of the vote.

Under the Yum Yum Tree

Under the Yum Yum Tree is a 1963 American romantic comedy movie directed by David Swift and based on the play of the same name by Lawrence Roman. It stars Jack Lemmon, Carol Lynley, Dean Jones, Edie Adams, Paul Lynde, Joy Harmon, Bill Bixby and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

The Yellow Rolls-Royce

The Yellow Rolls-Royce is a 1964 British romantic comedy drama movie directed by Anthony Asquith and stars Rex Harrison, Shirley MacLaine, Omar Sharif, Ingrid Bergman, George C. Scott, Jeanne Moreau, Art Carney, Edmund Purdom, Roland Culver, Riccardo Garrone. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 2 BAFTAS.

Kaunas County

Kaunas County is one of the ten counties of Lithuania. The capital city is Kaunas. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

The county is divided into municipalities:

Klaipėda County

Klaipėda County is one of the ten counties in Lithuania. The capital city is also named Klaipėda. It is the only county to have a coastline.

On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

There are seven municipalities:

Marijampolė County

Marijampolė County is one of the ten counties in Lithuania. The capital is Marijampolė. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

Municipalities are:

Night Without Sleep

Night Without Sleep is a 1952 American mystery thriller movie directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Gary Merrill, Linda Darnell, Hildegarde Neff, Hugh Beaumont. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Panevėžys County

Panevėžys County is one of the ten counties in Lithuania. The capital city is Panevėžys. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended. 

Panevėžys County has the following municipalities:

Šiauliai County

Šiauliai County is one of the ten counties in Lithuania. Its capital is Šiauliai. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

Municipalities are:

Tauragė County

Tauragė County is one of the ten counties in Lithuania. Its capital is Tauragė. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

Pal Joey

Pal Joey is a 1957 American musical movie directed by George Sidney and based on the 1940 play of the same name by John O'Hara. It stars Frank Sinatra, Rita Hayworth, Kim Novak, Bobby Sherwood, Barbara Nichols and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1958.


The Queen of Babylon

La cortigiana di Babilonia (English title: "Queen of Babylon") is a 1954 Italian action drama movie directed by Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia and starring Rhonda Fleming, Ricardo Montalbán, Roldano Lupi, Carlo Ninchi, Tamara Lees. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Telšiai County

Telšiai County is one of ten counties in Lithuania. The capital city is Telšiai. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

Municipalities are:

Stagecoach to Fury

Stagecoach to Fury is a 1956 American western movie directed by William F. Claxton and starring Forrest Tucker, Mari Blanchard, Wallace Ford, Paul Fix, Wright King, Ellen Corby, Rayford Barnes. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Vilnius County

Vilnius County is one of 10 counties in Lithuania. The capital city is Vilnius. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was ended.

Municipalities are:

Erathu

Erathu is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Erathu. India census, Erathu had a population of 23296 with 11246 males and 12050 females.

East- Ezhamkulam Panchayat and Adoor Municipality

West- Kadampanad Panchayat and Pallickal Panchayat

North- Pallickal Panchayat and Adoor Municipality

South- Ezhamkulam Panchayat and Kadampanad Panchayat

As of now Erathu consists of 17 wards. The number of wards have been increased over the years according to the increase in population though there was no increase in the land area.


Erathu is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Eraviperoor

 India census, Eraviperoor had a population of 26,038 with 12,324 males and 13,714 females.

The War Wagon

The War Wagon is a 1967 American western movie directed by Burt Kennedy and based on the novel of the same name by Clair Huffaker. It stars John Wayne, Kirk Douglas, Howard Keel, Keenan Wynn, Bruce Dern, Bruce Cabot, Hal Needham and distributed by Universal Pictures.


Erumakkadu

Erumakkadu is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Erumakkadu.

Erumakkadu is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Ezhamkulam

Ezhamkulam is famous for the Ezhamkulam Devi Temple. 
At the 2001 India census, Ezhamkulam had a population of 18,884 with 9,017 males and 9,867 females.


Ezhumattoor

 India census, Ezhumattoor had a population of 11,423 with 5,540 males and 5,883 females.
The main occupation of people is farming. The major crops are coconut, tapioca and pepper. 

Gavi

Gavi is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India. it is famous for its biodiversity and rain forests.

Gavi is consisting of evergreen forests. There are somany animals such as tiger, elephants, leopards, bears, Indian gaur, sambar, barking and mouse deers, lion tailed macaque, Nilgiri langur, Nilgiri marten, Malabar giant squirrel and more than 250 species of birds can be seen there.

Summer: February–April, daytime temperatures up to 28 °C. but can drop to 20 °C at night.
Monsoon: June–August, daytime temperatures up to 25 °C but can drop to 10 °C at night.

Iravon

Iravon is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Iravon.

Iravon is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

The Quiet Man

The Quiet Man is a 1952 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by John Ford and based on the 1933 short story of the same name by Maurice Walsh. It stars John Wayne, Maureen O'Hara, Barry Fitzgerald, Ward Bond, Victor McLaglen, Eileen Crowe, Mildred Natwick, Jack MacGowran and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 7 Oscars and won 2 at the Academy Awards in 1953.


Prescription for Murder

Prescription for Murder, also known as Rx Murder, is a 1958 American British crime movie directed by Derek Twist and based on the 1955 novel "The Deeds of Dr. Deadcert" by Joan Fleming. It stars Rick Jason, Lisa Gastoni, Marius Goring, Vida Hope, Nicholas Hannen, Frederick Leister, Patrick Waddington and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Blood Beach

Blood Beach is a 1980 American horror movie directed by Jeffrey Bloom and starring David Huffman, Marianna Hill, Otis Young, Burt Young, John Saxon.


Samuel Rivera

Samuel Rivera (1946 – May 1, 2020) was an American politician and criminal. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was Mayor of Passaic, New Jersey from 2001 until 2008. 

On September 6, 2007, Rivera was indicted and arrested on charges of accepting bribes. Rivera pleaded guilty to attempted extortion and resigned. He was sentenced to 21 months in prison. 

Rivera died on May 1, 2020 of problems caused by multiple strokes, aged 73.

The Zodiac Killer

The Zodiac Killer is a 1971 American thriller movie directed by Tom Hanson and stars Hal Reed, Bob Jones, Ray Lynch, Tom Pittman.


Ludwig (movie)

Ludwig is a 1973 Italian French German biographical drama movie directed by Luchino Visconti and starring Helmut Berger, Romy Schneider, Trevor Howard, Silvana Mangano, Gert Fröbe, Helmut Griem, John Moulder-Brown, Heinz Moog.

Natalie Harrowell

Natalie Harrowell (9 February 1990 – 10 December 2019) was an English rugby league player who played in the first-ever Women's Super League Grand Final in 2017. Harrowell played for Featherstone Rovers and was regarded as a "key member of the women's club team", she also held 3 caps for England Rugby League. She was admitted to the hospital with a virus and died during December 2019.


That Cold Day in the Park

That Cold Day in the Park is a 1969 Canadian suspense drama movie directed by Robert Altman and based on novel of the same name by Peter Miles. It stars Sandy Dennis, Michael Burns, Linda Sorenson, Susanne Benton, Luana Anders, Michael Murphy.

Thief (movie)

Thief is a 1981 crime thriller movie directed by Michael Mann and based on the 1975 novel "" by Frank Hohimer. It stars James Caan, Tuesday Weld, Willie Nelson, James Belushi, Robert Prosky, William Petersen and was distributed by United Artists.


Travels with My Aunt (movie)

Travels with My Aunt is a 1972 American adventure comedy movie directed by George Cukor and based on the 1969 novel of the same name by Graham Greene. It stars Maggie Smith, Alec McCowen, Louis Gossett Jr., Cindy Williams, Robert Flemyng and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 4 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1973.

Bashu, the Little Stranger

Bashu, the Little Stranger () is a 1986 Iranian drama movie directed by Bahram Beizai and starring Susan Taslimi, Parviz Poorhosseini. It was considered at the best film of the 1980's in Iranian cinema.

Zealot

The Zealots were a group of Jews who lived about the same time as Jesus. They wanted to defeat the Romans, who were the rulers of Palestine at that time. They used violence to meet their goals. One of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus, named Simon, was a Zealot. The word "zealot" (not written with a capital letter) in modern English is used for any person who has a very strong idea about things and works hard to act upon their ideas. There are political and religious zealots but people can be "zealous" about other things also.

Operation Crossbow

Operation Crossbow later re-released as "The Great Spy Mission" is a 1965 British World War II thriller movie directed by Michael Anderson and starring Sophia Loren, George Peppard, Trevor Howard, John Mills, Jeremy Kemp, Anthony Quayle, Tom Courtenay, Sylvia Syms, Maurice Denham, Richard Todd, Allan Cuthbertson. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Economic regions of Azerbaijan

Politically, Azerbaijan is divided into these economic regions:


Comigne

Comigne is a commune of 305 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cruscades

Cruscades is a commune of 926 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Couffoulens

Couffoulens is a commune of 601 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Coursan

Coursan is a commune of 5,908 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cournanel

Cournanel is a commune of 714 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Courtauly

Courtauly is a commune of 73 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Courtète

La Courtète is a commune of 45 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Coustaussa

Coustaussa is a commune of 52 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. It has a ruined castle.

Corbières, Aude

Corbières is a commune of 27 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Couiza

Couiza is a commune of 1,111 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Coustouge

Coustouge is a commune of 121 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cubières-sur-Cinoble

Cubières-sur-Cinoble is a commune of 96 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cucugnan

Cucugnan is a commune of 123 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. The small village lies in a valley in the Corbières Massif, overlooked by the ruined Château de Quéribus.

Cumiès

Cumiès is a commune of 36 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cuxac-Cabardès

Cuxac-Cabardès is a commune of 911 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Cuxac-d'Aude

Cuxac-d'Aude is a commune of 4,030 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Davejean

Davejean is a commune of 117 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Dernacueillette

Dernacueillette is a commune of 41 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Digne-d'Amont

La Digne-d'Amont is a commune of 287 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Rourkela

Rourkela is a district in Odisha.

La Digne-d'Aval

La Digne-d'Aval is a commune of 536 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Donazac

Donazac is a commune of 109 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Douzens

Douzens is a commune of 751 people (2015). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Durban-Corbières

Durban-Corbières is a commune of 649 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Embres-et-Castelmaure

Embres-et-Castelmaure is a commune of 152 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villardonnel

Villardonnel is a commune of 498 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Escouloubre

Escouloubre is a commune of 73 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Espéraza

Espéraza is a commune of 1,870 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Espezel

Espezel is a commune of 206 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Fajolle

La Fajolle is a commune of 11 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fenouillet-du-Razès

Fenouillet-du-Razès is a commune of 85 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Kadakkad

Kadakkad is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.


Kadammanitta

Kadammanitta is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kadammanitta.

Kadammanitta is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kadampanad

Kadampanad is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India.

The name Kadampanad might have been formed from the word " khada nadu". There is also a belief that this place was occupied by Kadampa dynasty kings and hence the name Kadampanad was derived.

According to 2011 census, Kadampanad has a population of 26839 with 12769 males and 14070 females. The literacy rate as per the census data is 92.2%

Kadapra

Kadapra is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kadapra.

Kadapra is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Great Commission

The Great Commission in Christian belief is something that Jesus told his followers. This happened after his resurrection. Jesus told his Twelve Apostles to go all over the world and tell everyone about Him. The most well known version of the Great Commission is in Matthew 28:16 to 20. Jesus meets his followers on a mountain in Galilee. He tells them to make disciples of and baptize everyone in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit.

Earlier Jesus had sent out 70 of his followers to preach and heal, but only to the Jews. However, Jesus himself had healed some non-Jewish people before. At the beginning of his public work, Jesus spoke to His own people. After rising from the dead, he made it clear that His message was for everyone. This "commission" is very important to missionaries who believe that God wants them to go to every country in the world and preach about Jesus.

Montillières-sur-Orne

Montillières-sur-Orne is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Trois-Monts (the seat) and Goupillières.

Noues de Sienne

Noues de Sienne is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Sever-Calvados (the seat), Champ-du-Boult, Courson, Fontenermont, Le Gast, Le Mesnil-Benoist, Le Mesnil-Caussois, Mesnil-Clinchamps, Saint-Manvieu-Bocage and Sept-Frères.

Noyers-Missy

Noyers-Missy was a short-lived commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Noyers-Bocage (the seat) and Missy. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Val d'Arry.

Laize-Clinchamps

Laize-Clinchamps is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Laize-la-Ville (the seat) and Clinchamps-sur-Orne.

Moulins en Bessin

Moulins en Bessin is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Martragny (the seat), Coulombs, Cully and Rucqueville.

Colomby-Anguerny

Colomby-Anguerny is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Anguerny (the seat) and Colomby-sur-Thaon.

Ferran

Ferran is a commune of 111 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Festes-et-Saint-André

Festes-et-Saint-André is a commune of 206 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fontanès-de-Sault

Fontanès-de-Sault is a commune of 5 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fabrezan

Fabrezan is a commune of 1,291 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fourtou

Fourtou is a commune of 73 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fajac-en-Val

Fajac-en-Val is a commune of 38 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Terroles

Terroles is a commune of 17 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Julia-de-Bec

Saint-Julia-de-Bec is a commune of 104 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gaja-et-Villedieu

Gaja-et-Villedieu is a commune of 292 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Galinagues

Galinagues is a commune of 35 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Marsa, Aude

Marsa is a commune of 18 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gardie, Aude

Gardie is a commune of 121 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gramazie

Gramazie is a commune of 117 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ginoles

Ginoles is a commune of 303 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Miracles of Jesus

The miracles of Jesus are things the Bible and Qur'an say that Jesus did, that a person normally cannot do. Followers of those religions say, that Jesus did those things by the power of God.
The Gospels of Matthew, Mark and Luke record many of these stories. The most common ones are healing people who are sick, blind, lame or deaf. In many cases, the sicknesses or other problems are said to be caused by demons. Jesus said, that he had power over the demons, and so He could stop their evil work. The enemies of Jesus told him to do miracles to show, that He had supernatural power, but He refused. However, for his followers, he did several miracles that showed His power. These included stopping a storm in the sea, walking on water and making a tree die.
In Islam, Jesus is said to have spoken from his cradle, made a clay bird come alive, and brought down from heaven a table full of food. Both the Qur'an and the Christian New Testament say, that Jesus brought some dead people back to life.

In the Gospel of John, only seven miracles are mentioned. John calls them "signs". Their purpose was to teach something about the power of Jesus, not just to help people. Two of the greatest miracles recorded are the Virgin birth of Jesus and the resurrection. The Qur'an also mentions the Virgin birth, but not the resurrection.

Throughout history, many Christians have said that they have been healed by Jesus. Roman Catholic believers have many such stories. Some places, such as Lourdes, are places where sick people go to be healed by Jesus. Other Christians say that Jesus has healed them or done other miracles at large Christian meetings. Other Christians think that Jesus only did such things when he was on Earth. They do not believe that such miracles happen today.

Tumbleweed

Several plant species that grow in arid, steppe-like environments use the wind to propagate. The structure that is pushed by the wind is usually called tumbleweed. This structure will detach from its root or stem and will roll on the ground. In most such species, the tumbleweed consists of the whole plant apart from the root system. Sometimes, only a hollow fruit or inflorescence detaches. Tumbleweed species occur most commonly in steppe and arid ecosystems, where frequent wind and the open environment permit rolling easly.

Most tissues of the tumbleweed structure are dead. This needs to be the case, because the structure needs to degrade and fall apart so that its seeds or spores can escape during the tumbling. Sometimes they germinate after the tumbleweed has come to rest in a wet location. In this case, many species of tumbleweed open mechanically, releasing their seeds as they swell when they absorb water.

The tumbleweed diaspore disperses seeds. This stategy is not limited to the seed plants; some species of spore-bearing cryptogams—such as "Selaginella"—form tumbleweeds, and some fungi that resemble puffballs dry out, break free of their attachments and are similarly tumbled by the wind, dispersing spores as they go.


Greffeil

Greffeil is a commune of 79 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Granès

Granès is a commune of 97 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Hounoux

Hounoux is a commune of 136 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. This used to be a hotspot, but now it's a parking lot.

T
Joucou

Joucou is a commune of 35 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fonters-du-Razès

Fonters-du-Razès is a commune of 79 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ferrals-les-Corbières

Ferrals-les-Corbières is a commune of 1,192 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ladern-sur-Lauquet

Ladern-sur-Lauquet is a commune of 266 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lauraguel

Lauraguel is a commune of 609 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lignairolles

Lignairolles is a commune of 43 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Loupia

Loupia is a commune of 240 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Oliver Ortmann

Oliver Ortmann (born 11 June 1967) is a German pool player from Gelsenkirchen. Ortmann is a three-time world champion, winning the 1995 WPA World Nine-ball Championship and both the 2007 and 2010 Straight pool world championships. With 14 wins, he is one of the best players at the European Pool Championships. Ortmann is the second to Ralf Souquet on the Euro Tour, winning 14 events. Ortmann was the first player from Europe to win the U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship, in 1989.

He has been on Europe's team 8 times in the Mosconi Cup from 1994 to 2004. He was on the winning side in 1995 and 2002. With 44 German national medals, Ortmann is one of the best German pool players ever. In 1996, he was the first cue sports player to receive the Silbernes Lorbeerblatt, the highest sporting award given in Germany. Ortmann was put into the Straight Pool Hall of Fame in an August 2013 ceremony in New York City. The following year, he was entered into the Billiard Congress of America's Hall of Fame.

Ortmann was born and raised in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. At age six he began playing on a pool table in his parents' restaurant. Ortmann won his first event in 1985 at age 17 (the 8-Ball Junior European championships), defeating Sweden's Per Anda in the final. The following year he won his first German national championship (the straight pool championship), after meeting Thomas Engert in the final. Ortmann studied in Munich to become an electronics technician, and at age 20 he became the manager of a billiard centre with 80 pool and billiard tables.

He was the first player from Europe to win the U.S. Open Straight Pool Championship in 1989. He won the event despite it being his first trip outside of Europe. As an unknown player, Ortmann defeated Steve Mizerak in the final. Ortmann also won his first of many adult European Pool Championship events that year, beating Waldemar Markert in the straight-pool final.

He entered his first Euro Tour event in 1993 and finished second at that year's German Open. He also won the following events in Austria and Hungary. Ortmann won his second US championship later that year, again in straight pool. He won five Euro Tour events the following year, and finished second twice. During the nine-event season he went to the finals seven times. He won his first world championship (the 1995 WPA World Nine-ball Championship), playing Dallas West in the final.

In 1996, Ortmann was the first cue-sports player to receive the Silbernes Lorbeerblatt. Ortmann won the winner-take-all International Challenge of Champions event in 1997. He was second place two years later, losing the final to Francisco Bustamante. In 2000, however, Ortmann beat Bustamante in the final for his second championship.

In 2004, Ortmann made a business called Ortmann Billiards, which makes pool products. Ortmann Billiards also makes air hockey, darts and poker supplies. Ortmann reached the final of the 2004 World Pool Masters, but was defeated 6–8 by Thomas Engert. Two years later, he joined the International Pool Tour and continued competing in events sanctioned by other organizations. Ortmann won the 2007 World Pool-Billiard Association World Straight Pool Championship, defeating Danny Barouty 200–56, Dennis Orcollo 200–7, and Danny Harriman 200–123 to reach the final. There, he defeated Huidji See 200–171 for his second world championship. Ortmann made the tournament's third-highest , a 131. He also played in the 2007 World Pool Masters, defeating Naoyuki Ōi 8–3 in the first round before losing 3–8 in the quarter-finals to David Alcaide.

Ortmann reached the quarter-finals of the 2008 world straight pool championship (which he won the previous year) before losing to Jasmin Ouschan 133–200. He progressed to the semi-finals the following year, defeating Earl Herring and Jonni Fulcher before losing to Mika Immonen. Ortmann won his third world championship in 2010, defeating Immonen in the straight-pool final. Since the straight-pool tournament (also known as the World Tournament) is no longer sanctioned by the WPA, Ortmann remains the last official world straight-pool champion. He is the second player to win three world championships, after Earl Strickland (who won the nine-ball championship in 1990, 1991 and 2002).

Ortmann reached the semifinals of the 2010 World Pool Masters in May of that year by defeating Darren Appleton, Thorsten Hohmann and Thomas Engert before losing 3–8 to Toru Kuribayashi. He entered the 2011 WPA World Eight-ball Championship and defeated Mika Immonen 7–2 in the double-elimination round before losing in the round of 32 to Ronato Alcano. Ortmann defeated in the first knockout round, followed by Nick van den Berg and Li Hewen, before losing to eventual champion Chang Jung-Lin the following year.

His Euro Tour wins include the 2009 Netherlands Open. This victory, Ortmann's 14th on the tour, placed him second on the all-time list of winners behind Ralf Souquet (23). He has reached the semi-finals of a tour event 35 times, with 8 second-place finishes.

Ortmann was inducted into the Straight Pool Hall of Fameduring a ceremony in New York City in August 2013. Two years earlier, he said: "It would be a great honor for me to be one day inducted into the Straight Pool Hall of Fame with the greatest players in straight pool." In 2014, Ortmann was inducted into the Billiard Congress of America's Hall of Fame with Charles Ursitti. He is a three-time European player of the year, receiving the award in 1990, 1993, and 1996.

Ortmann first represented Europe at the Mosconi Cup in the first competition in 1994 with the USA winning 16–12. The following year, Ortmann competed in the Continent's first win, and Ortmann was also on the winning side in 2002. The 2002 victory with Ortmann was described by six-time snooker world champion Steve Davis as "one of the best moments of my career". Ortmann competed in the team on eight occasions (1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2002, 2004), and was the non-playing captain in 2003. Ortmann's eight appearances is the fifth most of any European player.

At the World Cup of Pool, Ortmann has represented Germany three times. He and Thomas Engert reached the 2006 semifinals, losing to eventual winners Efren Reyes and Francisco Bustamante of the Philippines. In 2007, Ortmann and Christian Reimering lost in the first round to Singapore's Chan Keng Kwang and Toh Lian Han. He and Ralf Souquet reached the 2010 semifinals, where they were defeated by eventual winners Li Hewen and Fu Jianbo of China. Ortmann appeared at the World Team Championship in 2010 and 2012, reaching the quarter-finals in 2010.




Félines-Termenès

Félines-Termenès is a commune of 117 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Luc-sur-Aude

Luc-sur-Aude is a commune of 246 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Dialan sur Chaîne

Dialan sur Chaîne is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Jurques (the seat) and Le Mesnil-Auzouf.

Pecos, Texas

Pecos is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Amou, Landes

Amou is a commune of 1,540 people (2017). It is in the region Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Landes department in the southwest of France.

Bassemberg

Bassemberg is a French commune. It is in the Bas-Rhin department.

Open Season (1974 movie)

Open Season is a 1974 British Spanish thriller movie. It was directed by Peter Collinson. It is based on the book by David Osborn. Actors include Peter Fonda, Cornelia Sharpe, John Phillip Law, Alberto de Mendoza, and William Holden. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry

Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry is a 1974 American action movie. It was directed by John Hough. The movie is based on the 1963 book "The Chase" by Richard Unekis. Actors include Peter Fonda, Susan George, Adam Roarke, Vic Morrow, and Kenneth Tobey. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Golden birdwing

The golden birdwing ("Troides aeacus") is a large tropical butterfly. It belongs in the family Papilionidae. It is found in Northeastern India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Burma, China, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam, Taiwan, Cambodia, peninsular Malaysia and Indonesia.

Hustle (1975 movie)

Hustle is a 1975 American crime movie. It was directed by Robert Aldrich. Actors include Burt Reynolds, Catherine Deneuve, Paul Winfield, Eddie Albert, Ernest Borgnine, Eileen Brennan, and Ben Johnson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Vincent van der Burg

Vincent Arthur Maria van der Burg (17 April 1945 – 29 April 2020) was a Dutch lawyer and politician. Van der Burg was born in Zeist. He was a member of the KVP, later changed into CDA. He was a member of Dutch House of Representatives from 1979 to 1998 (with interruptions in 1981 and 1982).

Van den Burg died in Zeist on 29 April 2020, aged 75.


Take a Hard Ride

Take a Hard Ride is a 1975 Italian American western movie. It was directed by Antonio Margheriti. Actors include Jim Brown, Lee Van Cleef, Fred Williamson, Jim Kelly, Dana Andrews, Barry Sullivan, Robert Donner, and Harry Carey, Jr. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Jan-Olof Strandberg

Jan-Olof Strandberg (9 September 1926 – 2 May 2020) was a Swedish actor. He appeared in 45 movies, beginning in 1947. His best known stage role was as Vladimir in Samuel Beckett's "Waiting for Godot". He appeared in Erland Josephson's play "Blomsterplockarna ("The Flower Pickers")" at Dramaten. 

His best known movie roles were in "Wild Birds" (1955), "Last Pair Out" (1956), "Ön" (1966), "Varning för Jönssonligan" (1981), "Flight of the Eagle" (1982), "Resan till Melonia" (1989) and "Faithless" (2000).

Strandberg was born in Stockholm. He died on 2 May 2020, aged 93.

Ajay Kumar Tripathi

Ajay Kumar Tripathi (12 November 1957 – 2 May 2020) was an Indian judge. He was a Judicial Member of Lokpal from 23 March 2019 until his death. He was also the Chief Justice of Chhattisgarh High Court from 7 July 2018 to 22 March 2019. Tripathi was born in Bihar. 

On 5 April 2020, Tripathi was diagnosed with COVID-19. He died in New Delhi on 2 May 2020 from the infection, aged 62.

Roger Horchow

Samuel Roger Horchow (July 3, 1928 – May 2, 2020) was an American theatre producer and businessman. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. In 1992, he produced his first Broadway show, "Crazy for You", for which he won the Tony Award for Best Musical. He also produced versions of "Kiss Me, Kate", "Curtains" and "Gypsy".

Horchow died in Dallas, Texas on May 2, 2020 of cancer, aged 91.

The Quiet Gun

The Quiet Gun is a 1957 American western movie. It was directed by William F. Claxton. The movie is based on the 1955 book "Lawman" by Lauran Paine. Actors include Forrest Tucker, Mara Corday, Jim Davis, Lee Van Cleef, and Kathleen Crowley. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Parliament of Catalonia

The Parliament of Catalonia (, ; ; ) is the unicameral legislature of the autonomous community of Catalonia. It is made-up of 135 deputies ("diputats"/"deputats"/"diputados"), who are elected every four years. The Parliament building is located in Ciutadella Park, Barcelona.

The most recent parliamentary elections were held on 21 December 2017. October 1st independence referendum results, the Parliament of Catalonia declared independence from Spain on 27 October 2017 with a vote of 70–10. In response, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy dissolved the Parliament and called for a snap regional election.

África Lorente Castillo

África Lorente Castillo (16 October 1954 – 1 May 2020) was a Moroccan-born Spanish politician and activist. She was born in Tangier, Morocco. She was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. Lorente Castillo was a supporter of Catalan independence. 

She was born in the Spanish protectorate in Morocco. Her parents were from Ceutí. She was a teacher, and member of the Catalan Federation of the PSOE. 

She was a member of the Catalan Parliament from 1984 to 1988. From 1987 to 2003, she was Deputy Mayor of Castelldefels.

Lorente Castillo died of COVID-19 on 1 May 2020 in Castelldefels, aged 65.

No Down Payment

No Down Payment is a 1957 American drama movie. It was directed by Martin Ritt. The movie is based on the book of the same name by John McPartland. Actors include Joanne Woodward, Sheree North, Tony Randall, Jeffrey Hunter, Cameron Mitchell, and Barbara Rush. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Castelldefels

Castelldefels () is a city in the Baix Llobregat comarca, in the province of Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain, and part of the Metropolitan Area of Barcelona. Its population was 65,954 in 2017.

8 Million Ways to Die

8 Million Ways to Die is a 1986 American crime thriller movie. It was directed by Hal Ashby and produced by Oliver Stone. The movie is based on the book of the same name by Lawrence Block. Actors include Jeff Bridges, Andy Garcia, Rosanna Arquette, James Avery, Randy Brooks, and Alexandra Paul. It was distributed by TriStar Pictures.


The Enemy Below

The Enemy Below is a 1957 American World War II adventure movie. It was directed by Dick Powell. The movie is based on the book of the same name by Denys Rayner. It stars Robert Mitchum, Curt Jürgens, Theodore Bikel, and Frank Albertson. It won an Academy Award in 1958.


Princess of the Nile

Princess of the Nile is a 1954 American adventure movie. It was directed by Harmon Jones. Actors include Debra Paget, Jeffrey Hunter, Michael Rennie, Dona Drake, Michael Ansara, Edgar Barrier, and Wally Cassell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Kaipattoor

Kaipattoor is a small town in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India. The village is under Vallicode Panchayat.

Kaippattoor is part of Konni Assembly constituency and Pathanamthitta Lok Sabha constituency. Currently K. U. Jenish Kumar is the MLA and Anto Antony is the MP of Konni and Pathanamthitta respectively.

The word as Kaipattoor means "place of relatives.



Kaithaparampu

Kaithaparampu is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kaithaparampu.

Kaithaparampu is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kalampala

Kalampala is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kalampala.

Kalampala is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kalanjoor

As of 2001 India census, Kalanjoor had a population of 15604 with 7499 males and females.


Kalleli

Kalleli is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kalleli.

Kalleli is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kallooppara


According to 2001 India census, Kallooppara had a population of 17719 with 8386 males and 9333 females.


Simon Schenk

Simon Schenk (16 May 1946 – 1 May 2020) was a Swiss politician. He was born in Langnau im Emmental, Switzerland. He was a member of the Swiss People's Party. 

Schenk was a member of the National Council from 1994 to 2001. He represented the Canton of Bern.

He was also the coach of the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team.

Schenk died on 1 May 2020 of a stroke caused by heart surgery in Bern, aged 73.

Hit Man (movie)

Hit Man is a 1982 Spanish Mexican action movie. It was directed by José Antonio de la Loma. Actors include George Peppard, Max von Sydow, Jorge Rivero, Maud Adams, and Chuck Connors.


Idir

Hamid Cheriet (in Kabyle language Ḥamid Ceryat; 25 October 1949 – 2 May 2020), better known by his stage name Idir or Yidir, was an Algerian singer-songwriter and guitarist He was born in Beni Yenni, Algeria. His best known album was "A Vava Inouva" (1976). His best known single was "Pourquoi cette pluie?" (2002). 

Idir died on 2 May 2020 in Paris of pulmonary fibrosis at the age of 70.

Matt Keough

Matthew Lon Keough (July 3, 1955 – May 1, 2020) was an American professional baseball player. He was born in Pomona, California.

He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a right-handed pitcher for the Oakland Athletics (1977–1983), New York Yankees (1983–1984), St. Louis Cardinals (1985), Chicago Cubs (1986) and Houston Astros (1986). From 1987 to 1990, he played for the Japanese baseball team Hanshin Tigers.

Keough died on May 1, 2020 at the age of 64.


Megan Pormer

Megan Pormer is an Iranian model, actress, doctor, television personality and cancer activist who has won Miss Dubai in 2019. She has appeared in many magazine covers including Cosmo, Vogue and Elle Arabia. 

Megan Pormer was born on August 15, 1992 in Iran. She has studied in England and holds master of science in medical engineering. 

Megan was raised and grown up in Tehran.

Megan Pormer has appeared in several films as supporting cast and she has modeled for brands. In 2019, she won Miss Dubai. She is the ambassador of Arab Fashion Council. 
Megan studied for her PhD in Biomedical Engineering from Imperial College London where she started her studies at age of 21. She has worked in preventive DNA testing for breast and ovarian cancer while studying in PHD. 
In May 2019, she appeared in Pars Hilton’s music video titled "My Best Friend’s Ass" featuring Kim Kardashian. 
Megan is involved in charity work. She has sent medicine to Iran during Corona Virus outbreak.

Megan received death threats after Supporting Donald Trump in Grammy Appearance. 

Creully sur Seulles

Creully sur Seulles is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Creully (the seat), Saint-Gabriel-Brécy and Villiers-le-Sec.


Ajitke Chattha

Ajitke Chattha also spell as Ajit Kay Chattha and Ajitkay Chattha is a small village located in Wazirabad Tehsil, Gujranwala District, Punjab, Pakistan.

Ajitke Chattha has a population of over 1,100 and is located about 34.5 kilometres northwest of Gujranwala city via Kalaske Cheema-Gujranwala road. The population is over 100% Muslim. Most people in the village speak Punjabi, though almost all of them can also speak the national language of Pakistan, Urdu. English is spoken by the educated elite in the Ajitke Chattha. For all basic needs, people of Ajitke Chattha visit the nearest town Ali Pur Chatta. While No any facility is available in village else middle level education.

Le Castelet

Le Castelet is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Aignan-de-Cramesnil (the seat) and Garcelles-Secqueville.

Saline, Calvados

Saline was a short-lived commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Troarn (the seat) and Sannerville. This merger was revoked by the administrative court, and on 31 December 2019 the former communes Troarn and Sannerville were recreated.

Les Monts d'Aunay

Les Monts d'Aunay is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Aunay-sur-Odon (the seat), Bauquay, Campandré-Valcongrain, Danvou-la-Ferrière, Ondefontaine, Le Plessis-Grimoult and Roucamps.


Mainpuri

Mainpuri is the city in Mainpuri district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the administrative headquarters of Mainpuri district and is situated to the north-east of Agra and is 270 km from New Delhi. Mainpuri forms part of ancient legendary region of Lord Krishna's land called Braj.

Hathras

Hathras is a city in Hathras district, in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the headquarters of the Hathras district that was created on 3 May 1997, by incorporating parts of: Aligarh, Mathura, Agra Districts, and Khair Tehsil. It forms a part of Aligarh Division.

Valambray

Valambray is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Airan (the seat), Billy, Conteville, Fierville-Bray and Poussy-la-Campagne.

Valorbiquet

Valorbiquet is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Saint-Cyr-du-Ronceray (the seat), La Chapelle-Yvon, Saint-Julien-de-Mailloc, Saint-Pierre-de-Mailloc and Tordouet.

Fatehpur, Uttar Pradesh

Fatehpur is a city in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. The city is between the rivers Ganga and Yamuna.

Terres de Druance

Terres de Druance is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Lassy (the seat), Saint-Jean-le-Blanc and Saint-Vigor-des-Mézerets.

Malherbe-sur-Ajon

Malherbe-sur-Ajon is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Banneville-sur-Ajon (the seat) and Saint-Agnan-le-Malherbe.

Val d'Arry

Val d'Arry is a commune. It is found in the region Normandy in the Calvados department in the northwest of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Noyers-Missy (the seat), Le Locheur and Tournay-sur-Odon.

Magrie

Magrie is a commune of 528 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Malras

Malras is a commune of 396 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Malviès

Malviès is a commune of 369 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mazerolles-du-Razès

Mazerolles-du-Razès is a commune of 154 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mazuby

Mazuby is a commune of 25 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mérial

Mérial is a commune of 31 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Missègre

Missègre is a commune of 63 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montazels

Montazels is a commune of 560 people (2017). It is in the Aude department in the Occitanie region in the south of France.

Fontjoncouse

Fontjoncouse is a commune of 131 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fendeille

Fendeille is a commune of 532 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fajac-la-Relenque

Fajac-la-Relenque is a commune of 50 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Les Ilhes

Les Ilhes is a commune of 52 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montfort-sur-Boulzane

Montfort-sur-Boulzane is a commune of 88 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montgradail

Montgradail is a commune of 47 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Monthaut

Monthaut is a commune of 38 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montjardin

Montjardin is a commune of 87 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Nébias

Nébias is a commune of 246 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

The Strange One

The Strange One is a 1957 American drama movie. It was directed by Jack Garfein. The movie is based on the book and play "End as a Man". Actors include George Peppard, Ben Gazzara, Julie Wilson, Peter Mark Richman, Arthur Storch, and Pat Hingle. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea

Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea is a 1961 American science fiction movie. It was directed by Irwin Allen. Actors include Walter Pidgeon, Robert Sterling, Peter Lorre, Joan Fontaine, Barbara Eden, Michael Ansara, and Frankie Avalon. In 1964, a TV series was made based on the movie. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


A Face in the Crowd

A Face in the Crowd is a 1957 American drama movie. It was directed by Elia Kazan. The movie is based on the short story "Your Arkansas Traveler" by Budd Schulberg. Actors include Andy Griffith, Walter Matthau, Patricia Neal, Lee Remick, and Anthony Franciosa. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


A Generation

A Generation () is a 1955 Polish World War II drama movie. It was directed by Andrzej Wajda. It is based on the book "Pokolenie" by Bohdan Czeszko. Actors include Tadeusz Łomnicki, Urszula Modrzyńska, Tadeusz Janczar, Ryszard Kotys, and Roman Polanski. 

This was the first movie of the "Three Wars" trilogy by director Andrzej Wajda, followed by "Kanal" and "Ashes and Diamonds". 


Changsha Metro

The Changsha Metro (officially ; also called ) is a rapid transit system in Changsha, which is the capital of Hunan province in China. The first metro line of it, Line 2, was opened on April 29, 2014. This made Changsha the 18th city in mainland China to open a rapid transit system.

Young and Dangerous (1957 movie)

Young and Dangerous is a 1957 American drama movie. It was directed by William F. Claxton. Actors include Lili Gentle, Mark Damon, Edward Binns, Frances Mercer, and Connie Stevens. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Unknown Terror

The Unknown Terror is a 1957 American science fiction horror movie. It was directed by Charles Marquis Warren. Actors include John Howard, Mala Powers, Paul Richards, and May Wynn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

From Here to Eternity

From Here to Eternity is a 1953 American World War II romantic drama movie. It was directed by Fred Zinnemann. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by James Jones. Actors include Frank Sinatra, Deborah Kerr, Donna Reed, Montgomery Clift, Burt Lancaster, Ernest Borgnine, Jack Warden, Philip Ober, and Mickey Shaughnessy. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 13 Oscars and won 8 Academy Awards in 1954.


Arrest and trial of Jesus

In Christianity, the Arrest and Trial of Jesus is an event that takes place in February/March of 30 AD, before the Death and Ressurrection of Jesus and after the Last Supper.

The New Testament Gospels all tell the story of how Jesus was arrested. His trial is told with many details. Jesus was with his disciples in a garden where He was praying. After dark, some soldiers came. With them was Judas Iscariot. Judas kissed Jesus to show the soldiers who He was. The soldiers took Jesus prisoner. All of the other followers of Jesus ran away.

Jesus was taken to the high priest where he was questioned. He was accused of many things by false witnesses. Finally, the high priest asked Jesus if he was the Son of God. Jesus said it was true and that in the future he would come in the clouds. The high priest then said that Jesus was guilty of blasphemy.

Since the Romans did not allow the Jewish authorities to kill anyone, Jesus was then brought to Pontius Pilate. Pilate was the Roman governor. He also asked Jesus many questions. Jesus didn't answer some of the questions, but he told Pilate that he was a king. But he said that his kingdom was "not of this world". Pilate wanted to release Jesus, but the crowd demanded instead that Jesus be crucified. To prevent a riot, Pilate agreed to their demand.

Scholars note that the reader receives an almost hour-by-hour account of what is happening.

The Art of Love

The Art of Love is a 1965 American comedy movie. It was directed by Norman Jewison. It was written by Carl Reiner (who also stars). Other actors include James Garner, Dick Van Dyke, Angie Dickinson, and Elke Sommer. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Up Periscope

Up Periscope is a 1959 American World War II romantic drama movie. It was directed by Gordon Douglas. The movie is based on the book of the same name by Robb White. Actors include James Garner, Harry Landers, Edmond O'Brien, Warren Oates, Andra Martin, Alan Hale Jr., and Frank Gifford. It was distributed by Warner Bros.


Yellowstone Kelly

Yellowstone Kelly is a 1959 American western movie. It was directed by Gordon Douglas. The movie is based on the book by Heck Allen. Actors include Clint Walker, Warren Oates, Edd Byrnes, Ray Danton, Claude Akins, and Gary Vinson. It was distributed by Warner Bros.

It was based on the real life Luther Kelly.


Niort-de-Sault

Niort-de-Sault is a commune of 32 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pauligne

Pauligne is a commune of 357 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Saint-Louis-et-Parahou

Saint-Louis-et-Parahou is a commune of 55 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Peyrefitte-du-Razès

Peyrefitte-du-Razès is a commune of 48 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

English Climate Emergency Education Act

The English Climate Emergency Education Bill was the first ever student-written education bill in the UK, it is a draft bill and has not been introduced to parliament.

The bill was written by the student campaigners of Teach the Future - a campaign pushing pushing for broad climate education in the UK - with the help of a lawyer. The bill is a one of the organisation's three, asks of the English government.

After its completion on 12th of February 2020, the campaign group held a parliamentary reception on 26th February whereby they gathered the support of over 70 politicians - from both the Houses of Commons and Lords - the event was sponsored by Nadia Whittome.


Australian Shield

The Australian Shield (or Western Plateau) is Australia's largest drainage division.

It is mainly the old rock shield of Gondwana. It covers two thirds of the continent: 2,700,000 square kilometres of dry land including large parts of Western Australia, South Australia, and the Northern Territory. For comparison, it is roughly the same size as the whole of continental Europe from Poland to Portugal. 

Rain rarely falls in this region. Apart from a handful of permanent waterholes, surface water is absent at all times except after heavy rain. Most of the territory is flat sandy or stony desert with a sparse covering of shrubs or tussock grasses. Average rainfall varies from one area to another. It has 100 to 350 mm of rainfall per year (between four and 14 inches).

There are no permanent watercourses. The general trend is for run-off to flow inland, but there is not enough rainfall to make any marked drainage pattern. There is a total inflow to Australia's water resources of 292 BCM (billion cubic metres). Two water management areas (the Great Artesian Basin and the Mereenie Sandstone – Alice Springs) used more water than the total annual inflow.

According to the Prime Minister's office, as the effects of climate change intensifies, Australia faces increasingly acute long-term water shortages with lower rainfall, rivers drying up and dam water levels falling. 


Calvert County, Maryland

Calvert County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 92,783. Its county seat is Prince Frederick.

Peyrolles, Aude

Peyrolles is a commune of 86 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pieusse

Pieusse is a commune of 987 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pomas

Pomas is a commune of 887 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Puilaurens

Puilaurens is a commune of 271 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Caroline County, Maryland

Caroline County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland on its Eastern Shore. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 33,293. Its county seat is Denton.

Puivert

Puivert is a commune of 471 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Quirbajou

Quirbajou is a commune of 51 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Rennes-les-Bains

Rennes-les-Bains is a commune of 205 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Rennes-le-Château

Rennes-le-Château is a French commune located in the southwest of the Aude department in the Occitanie region.

The commune is part of the Corbières massif, a limestone chaos that forms the transition between the Massif Central and the Pyrenees. Subject to a modified oceanic climate, it is drained by the Blanque river, the Couleurs stream, and various other small watercourses.

A rural commune, it had 91 inhabitants in 2020, after experiencing a population peak of 474 inhabitants in 1851. Its inhabitants are called Rennains or Rennaines.

Its territory was part of the ancient Carolingian county of Razès, whose oppidum, called Rhedae, is believed to have been located at the site of the current village.

The commune was made famous by the priest Bérenger Saunière, one of its curates, who lived and officiated in the parish at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century and undertook at his own expense renovations and beautifications of the church and its surroundings. Despite the lack of historical evidence, various authors have suggested that he found a treasure in 1885, the exact origin and nature of which are unknown. In fact, Saunière was subjected to a suspense a divinis following an investigation into mass trafficking conducted against him by his hierarchy, a severe punishment for a priest at any time. The priest also had difficulty explaining himself, refusing to provide clear and detailed justifications to his hierarchy about the origin of his supposed fortune.

As a result of such notoriety, Rennes-le-Château has seen an increasing influx of tourists since the late 1960s, with the region also being rich in historical and prehistoric sites. The municipal council decided to dedicate a museum to Abbé Saunière and his servant, located in the heart of the village.

Rennes-le-Château is a member of the Limouxin community of communes.
Rennes-le-Château is a commune of 80 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Rivel

Rivel is a commune of 199 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Rodome

Rodome is a commune of 124 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Feuilla

Feuilla is a commune of 104 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fitou

Fitou is a commune of 1,060 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Escales

Escales is a commune of 465 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France, principally involved in viticulture.

Fleury, Aude

Fleury is a commune of 3,825 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Jourdanton, Texas

Jourdanton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Plattsmouth, Nebraska

Plattsmouth is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Cass County.

Floure

Floure is a commune of 386 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fatehpur

Fatehpur, Fatepur, or Phattepur may refer to any of a number of places:











Marquein

Marquein is a commune of 82 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Leuc

Leuc is a commune of 849 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Villemoustaussou

Villemoustaussou is a commune of 4,423 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Tourreilles

Tourreilles is a commune of 127 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gada (weapon)

The Gada is a mace (a kind of club), which is one of the symbols of Hindu god Vishnu.

Communes of the Corse-du-Sud department

The following is a list of the 124 communes of the Corse-du-Sud department of France.

Communes of the Guyane department

The following is a list of the 22 communes of the Guyane overseas department of France.

Communes of the Haute-Corse department

The following is a list of the 236 communes of the Haute-Corse department of France.

The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2018):

Communes of the Réunion department

The following is a list of the 24 communes of the Réunion (an overseas department of France).

Fontcouverte, Aude

Fontcouverte is a commune of 546 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fontiers-Cabardès

Fontiers-Cabardès is a commune of 454 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fontiès-d'Aude

Fontiès-d'Aude is a commune of 481 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Damascus University

The University of Damascus (, "Jāmi‘atu Dimashq") is the largest and oldest university in Syria. It is located in the capital Damascus. The university has campuses in other Syrian cities. 
It was founded in 1923 through the merger of the School of Medicine (established 1903) and the Institute of Law (established 1913). Until 1958 it was named the Syrian University, but the name changed after the founding of the University of Aleppo. There are nine public universities and more than ten private ones in Syria. Damascus University was one of the most reputable universities in the Middle East before the Syrian civil war since 2011.
The University of Damascus has several faculties, higher Institutes, intermediate institutes and a school of nursing. One of the institutions specializes in teaching the Arabic language to foreigners, which is the largest institution of its kind in the Arab world.

Labastide-Esparbairenque

Labastide-Esparbairenque is a commune of 73 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fournes-Cabardès

Fournes-Cabardès is a commune of 50 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Force, Aude

La Force is a commune of 222 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montclar, Aude

Montclar is a commune of 171 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Isabel Abedi

Isabel Nasrin Abedi (born March 3, 1967 in Munich) is a German children's and youth book writer.

Isabel Abedi was born in Munich in 1967 and grew up in Düsseldorf. After graduating from high school, she went to Los Angeles for an internship in film production. She came back to Germany, where she trained as a copywriter in Hamburg.


Carroll County, Maryland

Carroll County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 172,891. Its county seat is Westminster.

Dorchester County, Maryland

Dorchester County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 32,531. Its county seat is Cambridge. The county was formed in 1669 and named for the Earl of Dorset, a family friend of the Calverts (the founding family of the Maryland colony).

Cumberland, Maryland

Cumberland is a city in the U.S. state of Maryland. It is the county seat of Allegany County. As of the 2020 census, the city's population was 19,076.

Roquefeuil, Aude

Roquefeuil is a commune of 289 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Garrett County, Maryland

Garrett County is the westernmost county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the population was 28,806, making it the third-least populous county in Maryland. Its county seat is Oakland.

Harford County, Maryland

Harford County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. The county had a population of 260,924 people during the 2020 census. Its county seat is Bel Air.

Howard County, Maryland

Howard County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 332,317. Its county seat is Ellicott City.

Kent County, Maryland

Kent County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 19,198, making it the smallest populous county in Maryland. Its county seat is Chestertown.

Queen Anne's County, Maryland

Queen Anne's County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. The county had a population of 49,874 people in the 2020 census. Its county seat is Centreville.

Saint Mary's County, Maryland

Saint Mary's County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 113,777. Its county seat is Leonardtown. The county was formed on January 24, 1637.

Somerset County, Maryland

Somerset County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 24,620. Its county seat is Princess Anne.

Talbot County, Maryland

Talbot County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 37,526. Its county seat is Easton.

Washington County, Maryland

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Maryland. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 154,705. Its county seat is Hagerstown.

Wicomico County, Maryland

Wicomico County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Maryland, on the Delmarva Peninsula. As of the 2020 census, the county's population was 103,588. Its county seat is Salisbury. The county was named after the Wicomico River. It was created in 1867.

Hartington, Nebraska

Hartington is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Cedar County.

Imperial, Nebraska

Imperial is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Chase County.

Ginestas

Ginestas is a commune of 1,445 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Three Rivers

Three Rivers is an American medical drama TV series that ran on CBS from 2009 to 2010.

Bloodhounds of Broadway (1952 movie)

Bloodhounds of Broadway is a 1952 American musical comedy movie. It was directed by Harmon Jones. The movie is based on the story of the same name by Damon Runyon. Actors include Mitzi Gaynor, Mitzi Green, Scott Brady, Marguerite Chapman, and Wally Vernon. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was remade in 1989.


A Farewell to Arms (1957 movie)

A Farewell to Arms is a 1957 World War I romantic drama movie. It was directed by Charles Vidor. The movie is based on novel of the same name by Ernest Hemmingway. It is a remake of the 1932 movie of the same name. It stars Rock Hudson, Jennifer Jones, Vittorio De Sica, and Elaine Stritch. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. The movie was nominated for an Academy Award in 1958.


Gil Schwartz

Gil Schwartz (May 20, 1951 – May 2, 2020), known by his pen name Stanley Bing, was an American business humorist and novelist. He wrote a column for "Fortune" magazine for more than twenty years. He also worked for"Esquire" magazine. He was the author of thirteen books, including "What Would Machiavelli Do?" and "The Curriculum'.

Schwartz was senior executive vice president of corporate communications and Chief Communications Officer for CBS.

Bing was born in New York City. He was raised in New Rochelle, New York. Bing studied at Brandeis University. Schwartz died on May 2, 2020 at his home in Santa Monica, California from a heart attack. He was 68.

Prime Minister of Myanmar

The Prime Minister of Myanmar is the head of the government of Myanmar and the chief executive authority of the national government. The prime minister is also the commander in chief of the Armed Forces.

The office ended on 30 March 2011, according to the current Constitution of Myanmar (adopted in 2008). It said that the president is both the head of state and head of government. however, the military coup of 2021 put the Chairman of the State Administration Council into the highest position. He is the "de facto" head of government, and the president is now the nominal head of state.

The office was created again on 1 August 2021 with Min Aung Hlaing forming a caretaker government.

Fire Down Below (1957 movie)

Fire Down Below is a 1957 American British adventure movie. It was directed by Robert Parrish. The movie is based on the 1954 novel of the same name by Max Catto. Actors include Rita Hayworth, Jack Lemmon, Robert Mitchum, Herbert Lom, Edric Connor, Peter Illing, and Anthony Newley. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


President of Myanmar

The president of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar () is the head of state and head of government of Myanmar.

The president is elected by members of parliament, not by the general population. The Presidential Electoral College, a three committee body, elects the president.

Khin Nyunt

Khin Nyunt (; ; born 11 October 1939) is a Burmese military intelligence chief and politician. He was the 9th Prime Minister of Myanmar from 25 August 2003 until 18 October 2004, until he was arrested by his senior officers.

A Guide for the Married Man

A Guide for the Married Man is a 1967 American comedy movie. It was directed by Gene Kelly. Actors include Walter Matthau, Inger Stevens, Sue Ann Langdon, Claire Kelly, Jayne Mansfield, Sid Caesar, Carl Reiner, Art Carney, Jack Benny, and Terry-Thomas. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Frederick Kroesen

Frederick James Kroesen, Jr. (February 11, 1923 – April 30, 2020) was a United States Army four-star general. He was born in Phillipsburg, New Jersey.

Kroesen was the Commanding General of the Seventh United States Army and the commander of NATO Central Army Group from 1979 to 1983, and Commanding General, United States Army Forces Command from 1976 to 1978. 

He also was Vice Chief of Staff of the Army from 1978 to 1979. He commanded troops in World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War.

Kroesen died on April 30, 2020 in Alexandria, Virginia, aged 97.

Richard Thomas (actor)

Richard Earl Thomas (born June 13, 1951) is an American actor. He was born in New York City.

He acted in the leading role as author John-Boy Walton in the CBS drama "The Waltons", for which he won one Emmy Award and received nominations for another Emmy Award and two Golden Globe Awards. 

He also starred in Stephen King's miniseries "It" and played Special Agent Frank Gaad on FX's spy thriller series "The Americans".

Welcome to Hard Times

Welcome to Hard Times is a 1967 American western movie. It was directed by Burt Kennedy. The movie was based on the book with the same name by E. L. Doctorow. Actors include Henry Fonda, Warren Oates, Janis Paige, Keenan Wynn, Lon Chaney Jr., Aldo Ray, and Janice Rule. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Barbara Barrie

Barbara Barrie (born Barbara Ann Berman, May 23, 1931) is an American actress, singer and author. She was born in Chicago. She is best known for her role as Evelyn Stoller in "Breaking Away". She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1979.

Aiglun, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Aiglun is a commune in southeastern France. It is in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

In addition to the village, the town has three other hamlets:

Allemagne-en-Provence

Allemagne-en-Provence is a commune in southeastern France. It is in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

In addition to the village, the town has two hamlets:

Hans Conried

Hans Georg Conried Jr. (April 15, 1917January 5, 1982) was an American actor and comedian. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Conried voiced George Darling and Captain Hook in "Peter Pan" (1953), Snidely Whiplash in Jay Ward's "Dudley Do-Right" cartoons, Professor Waldo P. Wigglesworth in Ward's "Hoppity Hooper" cartoons, and Professor Kropotkin on the radio and movie versions of "My Friend Irma". 

He also appeared as Uncle Tonoose on Danny Thomas' sitcom "Make Room for Daddy", and in multiple roles on "I Love Lucy".

Conried died in Burbank, California on January 5, 1982 of a heart attack, aged 64.

Ben Hoekendijk

Ben Hoekendijk (30 June 1938 – 1 May 2020) was a Dutch speaker, evangelist and pastor. Hoekendijk was born in Baarn. He was the founder and director of the Opwekking Foundation. He was an important person in the Dutch Pentecostal movement.

After serious problems Hoekendijk applied himself to sea sailing and sports journalism. He wrote a lot of books about sea sailing.

Hoekendijk died in Harderwijk on 1 May 2020, aged 81.


Allons, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Allons is a commune in southeastern France. It is in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

Hamlets are:

Nancy Stark Smith

Nancy Stark Smith (1952 – May 1, 2020) was an American dancer. She was a founding participant in Contact Improvisation. Smith was born in New York City. 

She worked with many partners including Steve Paxton, Julyen Hamilton, Karen Nelson, and Mike Vargas.

In 1975, she founded "Contact Quarterly", an international journal of dance and improvisation.

Smith died on May 1, 2020 from ovarian cancer in Florence, Massachusetts at the age of 68.

Will Theunissen

Will Theunissen (30 June 1954 – 1 May 2020) was a Dutch guitarist. He was born in Nijmegen. Theunissen was the founder of the Jazz Rock band "Elevator" from Nijmegen, which was active in the 1970s.

Together with Frank Boeijen he was from the beginning part of the Frank Boeijen Groep, becoming notable in the 1980s.

His best known songs were "Doe Iets", "Zwart Wit" and "1.000.000 Sterren" of the album "Kontakt" (1984). They reached the Dutch Top 40.

Theunissen died in Tiel on 1 May 2020, aged 65.

Erik Tandberg (space educator)

Erik Tandberg (October 19, 1932 – May 2, 2020) was a Norwegian engineer, politician, author, television personality and space educator. He was born in Oslo, Norway. He worked with Norwegian Space Centre. Tandberg was a member of the City Council of Oslo for the Conservative Party from 1969 to 1989.

Tandberg died on May 2, 2020 in Oslo at the age of 87.

Tony Roberts (actor)

David Anthony "Tony" Roberts (born October 22, 1939) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in six Woody Allen movies. His best known role was in "Annie Hall".

Julie Cobb

Julie Frances Cobb (born May 29, 1947) is an American actress. She was born in Los Angeles. Cobb's father was actor Lee J. Cobb.

From 1976 to 1977, she was married to actor Victor French. From 1986 to 2005, she was married to actor James Cromwell.

Her movie roles include in "The Second Coming of Suzanne" (1974), "Fantasy Island" (1978), "Just You and Me, Kid" (1979), "The Runnin' Kind" (1989), "Lisa" (1990), "Defending Your Life" (1991) and "Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde" (1995). 

She also appeared in the TV movie versions of "Salem's Lot" (1979) and "Brave New World" (1980). She also starred in Arthur Miller's play "After the Fall".


Victor French

Victor Edwin French (December 4, 1934 – June 15, 1989) was an American actor and director. He was known for his roles on the television programs "Little House on the Prairie", "Highway to Heaven" and "Carter Country". He was born in Santa Barbara, California. 

French died on June 15, 1989 in Los Angeles from lung cancer, aged 54.

Red Skies of Montana

Red Skies of Montana is a 1952 American adventure drama movie. It was directed by Joseph M. Newman. It is based on the 1948 book "Fire" by George R. Stewart. Actors include Richard Widmark, Warren Stevens, Constance Smith, Jeffrey Hunter, and Richard Boone. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Castro Valley, California

Castro Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in Alameda County, California, United States. As of the 2020 census, it is the fourth most populous unincorporated area in California. The population was 66,441 at the 2020 census.

Rose of Cimarron (1952 movie)

Rose of Cimarron is a 1952 American western movie. It was directed by Harry Keller. Actors include Mala Powers, Jack Beutel, Bill Williams, Dick Curtis, William Phipps, Irving Bacon, Monte Blue, and George Chandler. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Return of the Texan

Return of the Texan is a 1952 American western movie. It was directed by Delmer Daves. Actors include Dale Robertson, Joanne Dru, Walter Brennan, Richard Boone, and Tom Tully. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Youngblood Hawke

Youngblood Hawke is a 1964 American drama movie. It was directed by Delmer Daves. The movie is based on the book of the same name by Herman Wouk. Actors include James Franciscus, Suzanne Pleshette, Geneviève Page, Eva Gabor, Mary Astor, and Lee Bowman. It was distributed by Warner Bros.


7 Women

7 Women, also known as "Seven Women", is a 1966 American drama movie. It was directed by John Ford. The movie is based on the short story "Chinese Finale" by Norah Lofts. Actors in the movie include Anne Bancroft, Margaret Leighton, Flora Robson, Betty Field and Sue Lyon. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.44

Allos

Allos is a commune in southeastern France. It is in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

The Verdon river is in the town.


Angles, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Angles is a commune in southeastern France. It is in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.

Annot

Annot is a commune in France. It is in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region.

Archail

Archail is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France. It has the second fewest people of any commune in the department.

Aubenas-les-Alpes

The Largue river forms the eastern border of the commune.

Aubignosc

Aubignosc is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.

Aubignosc is in the west of the Durance valley. There are the hamlets of Les Jardins and Le Forest.

Authon, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

The Vanson Forest is found in the north, south, and east.

Auzet

There are the hamlets of L'Infernet, L'Infernet Haut, and L'Infernet Bas north of the village. The commune is very rugged with snow-capped mountains and forested slopes with 1,168 hectares of forest.

Acy-Romance

Acy-Romance is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region of northern France.

Cady Groves

Cady Groves (July 30, 1989 – May 2, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter. She was born in Marlow, Oklahoma. Her best known songs were "This Little Girl", "Oh Darlin'", "Forget You", and "Love Actually". She released four EPs: "A Month of Sundays" (2009), "This Little Girl" (2010), "Life of a Pirate" (2012), and "Dreams" (2015).

Groves died of natural causes in Nashville, Tennessee on May 2, 2020 at the age of 30.

Ji Chaozhu

Ji Chaozhu (July 30, 1929 – April 29, 2020) was a Chinese politician. He was an English interpreter for Chairman Mao Zedong and Premier Zhou Enlai. He was the Ambassador to the Court of St. James's (United Kingdom); and lastly as an Undersecretary General of the United Nations. He retired in 1996.

Lee Roy West

Lee Roy West (November 26, 1929 – April 24, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Senior United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma. He was nominated to the court by President Jimmy Carter in 1979. West was born in Clayton, Oklahoma.

West died on April 24, 2020 in Muskogee, Oklahoma at the age of 90.

Heda Čechová

Heda Čechová (July 17, 1928 – April 23, 2020) was a Czech television anchorwoman, radio presenter, and politician. She was a member of the Czech National Council for the Civic Forum from 1990 until 1992 following the Velvet Revolution and Czechoslovakia's transition to democracy. She was born in Prague. 

Čechová died on April 23, 2020 in Prague, at the age of 91.

Jack McCall, Desperado

Jack McCall, Desperado is a 1953 American western movie. It was directed by Sidney Salkow. The movie stars George Montgomery, Angela Stevens, Douglas Kennedy, and Eugene Iglesias. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

The Quick Gun

The Quick Gun is a 1964 American western movie. It was directed by Sidney Salkow. The movie is based on the short story "The Fastest Gun" by Steve Fisher. It stars Audie Murphy, Walter Sande, Merry Anders, and Ted de Corsia. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Rohanpur A. B. Government High School

Rohanpur A.B. Govt. High School also known as Rohanpur Ahmadi Begum Government High School is one of the oldest schools in Chapainawabganj district. It's loacted at Gomastapur upazilla.

Around 1939 AD, a school named Minor English School started its journey with about 15/20 students at Alinagar village in the then Bangabari Union under the Maldah Education Board which was the first step towards the establishment of Ahmadi Begum (AB) Government High School. Taheruddin Ahmed of Rajarampur village of Chapainawabganj district headquarters held the responsibility of the head teacher of the school at the time of establishment. After staying there for a year, the school was shifted to Makrampur village in the same union at the mouth of Mahananda Punarbhava river.

After the school was shifted to Makrampur village, some other teachers joined the previous teachers. Among them are Saiyab Chand Pandit of Birbhum, Sri Praveer Babu, Shaukat Ali and Tamiz Uddin.

Then the educationists of this region namely Bangabari Boalia and Rahanpur Union especially Gaziuddin Mahajan of Makrampur village of Bangabari Union, Haji Nezamuddin Biswas, Hazrat Ullah, Abed Hossain Mandal Haider Bux Biswas, Abdul Hamid Mandal and Rai Bahadur Bishnucharan Bandopadhyay (Ray Sahib) of Rohanpur Union, Haji Bogdad Ali and many others made a special request to the then zamindar Mosa Shaukat Ara Kulsum Begum aka Kaniz Hossain Ahmadi Begum to donate a vast empty space permanently, thinking about the overall development of the school. In order to fulfill the request of the said persons, the then zamindar Mosa Shaukat Ara Kulsum Begum aka Kanij Hossain Ahmadi Begum donated about 5.00 acres (fifteen bigha) of land in the name of the school at Prasadpur Mauza, a few hundred yards away from Rohanpur Railway Station on the banks of Punarbhava River. Then the Minor English (ME) School in Makrampur was again shifted to Rohanpur.

On the land donated by Zamindar Mosa Shaukat Ara Kulsum Begum aka Kaniz Hossain Ahmadi Begum, the school was named after her in 1942 as A. B. (Ahmadi Begum) School and is being successfully run there till now.

It's now under the Rajshahi Education Board. The institute has following Science, Business Studies, Humanities disciplines.

Inferno (1953 movie)

Inferno is a 1953 American romantic crime drama movie. It was directed by Roy Ward Baker. The movie stars Robert Ryan, Rhonda Fleming, William Lundigan, Larry Keating and Henry Hull. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was remade in 1973 as "Ordeal".


John Hospers

John Hospers (June 9, 1918 – June 12, 2011) was an American philosopher and political activist. He was once a friend of the philosopher Ayn Rand.

In 1972, Hospers became the first presidential candidate of the Libertarian Party, and was the only minor party candidate to receive an electoral vote in that year's U.S. presidential election.

Feelings (1974 movie)

Feelings is a 1974 British drama movie. It was directed by Gerry O'Hara. Actors include Kate O'Mara, Edward Peel, Paul Freeman, Bob Sherman, and Beth Porter.

Uenuku

Uenuku is a god of rainbows and important ancestor in Māori oral histories. Uenuku simply means 'rainbow'.

Uenuku is special to the Ngāpuhi, Ngāti Kahungunu, Ngāti Porou, Ngāi Tahu, and Ngāi Tūhoe Māori tribes. He is also known to two groups of tribes called Kurahaupō and Tainui. The Te Arawa group of tribes also know of him. Some of these tribes may also say he is a god of war.

Geoff Murphy made his first movie in 1974, which was based on Uenuku's story. It was the first TV drama to be entirely spoken in the Māori language.

The tribes of Ngāti Porou, Ngāi Tahu, and probably Ngāti Kahungunu say Chief Uenuku of Hawaiki was their ancestor. He was the father of about 70 sons. His eldest son Ruatapu killed Hawaiki's nobility when he was shamed for trying to use a sacred comb.

In Te Arawa stories, Tamatekapua and his brother Whakaturia stole fruit from Chief Uenuku of Hawaiki.

In the Cook Islands, Uanuku Rakeiora is said to be an important chiefly ancestor from Raiatea Island in French Polynesia over 27 generations ago, who was descended from Iro-nui-ma-Oata.

In the stories mostly known to Ngāi Tūhoe, but which also belong to Ngāpuhi and Ngāti Kahungunu of Wairoa, Uenuku was once human. One early morning he went out hunting. In a clearing he found two women. One was named Hine-pūkohu-rangi (sometimes called Tairi-a-kohu). The other was her sister, named Hine-wai. He asked Hine-pūkohu-rangi to stay and talk with him, and to return the next night. Since she lived in the sky, she had to leave him at dawn when her sister Hine-wai called her. She kept coming back night after night, and they fell in love. Eventually, she agreed to marry him so long as he promised that he tell no one about her.

They were happy for many months, though she still only came to him at night and left at dawn. In time she became pregnant. No one else could see her, though, and therefore he was mocked by the people around him. They grew suspicious of this wife they had never seen, and the daughter who in some tellings was already born. He tried to tell them that his wife left him each morning at first light, so they suggested that he should block up the doors and windows so she could not see the sun. Finally after more mockery, he was convinced to block the sunlight after she came to him, so that she could not see the sun in the morning, then he could prove she existed. That night, Uenuku blocked all the places in his house that would shine the daylight. In the morning, she felt betrayed when she realised he had tricked her. She went back to the sky and left him for as long as he lived.
Uenuku wandered the world searching for his wife. He searched until he was old and frail. Rangi the sky father noticed this and took pity on Uenuku, and changed him into a rainbow so that he could join his family in the sky, where they still live to this day and watch over their descendants.

The tribes of the "Kurahaupō" in Marlborough canoe know the mountain Tapuae-o-Uenuku (which means 'footprint of the rainbow') on the Kaikōura Ranges as being the place where Chief Tapuae-nuku climbed the rainbow steps of his war-god ancestor Uenuku. They both climbed and died on top of mountains in search of their supernatural wives. Uenuku became a set of mountains with his wife and daughter, and Chief Tapuae-nuku joined his own wife and daughter in the afterlife. When a rainbow appears over Tapuae-o-Uenuku, it is said to be a sign of Chief Tapuae-nuku's journey.

According to legend, the spirit of Uenuku was brought from Hawaiki to New Zealand in a stone by the people on the Tainui canoe. When they landed, they made the large carving called "Te Uenuku" out of a tōtara tree with a round opening at the top, in which the stone was placed so that the god could live in the carving. It is unique among other Māori carvings, and looks similar to Hawaiian carving styles.


Lady Liberty (movie)

Lady Liberty (Italian: La mortadella) is a 1971 Italian French comedy movie. It was directed by Mario Monicelli. Actors include Sophia Loren, William Devane, Susan Sarandon, Danny DeVito, and Gigi Proietti. It was distributed by United Artists.

Ibrahim Muhammad Abu Arab

Ibrahim Muhammad Abu Arab (Arabic: إبراهيم محمد صالح; 1931, Nazareth - March 3, 2014, Homs) was a Palestinian poet. -Shecera was born in the village. After the occupation of the village by the army, first Kefer Kana, then moved to Arrabetu'l-Butuf. After staying there for two months, he emigrated to Lebanon and then to Syria.
The poet's father, Abu Arab, was killed in 1948 by Zionist forces during a clash. In 1982, the son was killed by Israeli forces during the occupation of Lebanon. As a child, he witnessed the Palestinian Revolution against the British occupation and Jewish emigration. He was known as Abu Arab, the Poet of the Palestinian Revolution, and the Poet of the Palestinian Camp. He died on March 3, 2014 in Homs.

Phffft!

Phffft! is a 1954 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Mark Robson. The movie is based on the play by George Axelrod. Actors include Judy Holliday, Jack Lemmon, Jack Carson, Kim Novak, Donald Curtis, Luella Gear, and Donald Randolph. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


It Should Happen to You

It Should Happen to You is a 1954 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by George Cukor. Actors include Judy Holliday, Jack Lemmon, Peter Lawford, Michael O'Shea, and Wendy Barrie. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1955.


Lady and Gent

Lady and Gent is a 1932 American sports drama movie. It was directed by Stephen Roberts. Actors include George Bancroft, Wynne Gibson, Charles Starrett, John Wayne, and James Gleason. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was remade as "Unmarried" in 1939.

Osmoregulation

Osmoregulation is how living things keep the right amount of salt and water in their bodies. All living things do this, from bacteria to humans.

The basic idea is that organisms keep osmotic pressure by controlling their water and salt concentrations. There are regulators and conformers. Conformers match their environment, and regulators do things which act to keep their internal water at a standard level of saltiness.

Sea fish, for example, tend to gain salt if they live in seawater. So they actively put out (excrete) salt from their gills. River fish, on the other hand, take the salt out before they excrete water. Some fish, like the flounder, live in both fresh and salt water at different stages in its life. They adapt to whichever water they are in.

All plants regulate their water balance. Xerophytes like cacti keep water inside so they do not become too salty. Plants that live in seasonal wetlands also have ways of avoiding desiccation. Many plant leaves have a waterproof cuticle to regulate the loss of water, and use spiracles for gas exchange. Osmoregulation is an important aspect of homeostasis. it involves the balance between water and solute contents of cells.

The change from being in water to living on land was one of the most significant things which happened in evolution. From the perspective of water balance this was one of the most dramatic changes ever made. Suddenly, the new land animal had the problem of losing too much water through its skin, and taking in too little if it moved away from the water.

Kidneys are the organ of osmoregulation in vertebrates, including humans. In the nephron, blood is filtered through the glomerulus. The filtrate, water, salts, and other small molecules, enters the tubule of the nephron. In excretion, the filtrate which remains in the tube leaves the kidney and becomes urine.

The amount of water reabsorbed is controlled by hormones such as antidiuretic hormone (ADH), aldosterone, and angiotensin II. For example, too high solute concentration in the blood (osmolarity) is detected by osmoreceptors in the hypothalamus (part of the brain). The hypothalamus then stimulates ADH release from the pituitary gland to make the walls of the collecting ducts more permeable to water. Therefore, more water is reabsorbed from fluid in the kidneys to prevent too much water from being excreted.

As an illustration of how universal osmoregulation is, bacteria also do it.

Standard medical books of course have sections on the human kidney and the human water regulation. The complex details of hormone interaction is not covered in this brief summary.
Osmoregulation in animals generally is one of the issues surveyed in:

Will Gluck

Will Gluck is an American director known for directing "Friends with Benefits" and "Peter Rabbit" movies.

JB Gill

Jonathan Benjamin Gill (born 7 December 1986) is an English actor, farmer, presenter, singer, songwriter. He is best known as a member of the boy band JLS, who came second on "The X Factor" in 2008. They had five number-one singles and sold over 10 million records worldwide before disbanding in December 2013.

Friends with Benefits

Friends with Benefits is a 2011 comedy romantic movie directed by Will Gluck and starring Mila Kunis and Justin Timberlake.

The movie was very positively welcomed from audience who praised its story, characters, humor, performances, soundtrack and emotional weight. It was also a commercial success grossing $150.4 million.


Outlaw's Daughter

Outlaw's Daughter is a 1954 American western movie. It was directed by Wesley Berry. Actors include Bill Williams, Jim Davis, George Cleveland, Nelson Leigh, and Elisha Cook Jr.. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Aston Merrygold

Aston Iain Merrygold (born 13 February 1988) is a British singer, songwriter, dancer, television personality, actor, and philanthropist. He recently appeared on the "X Factor". He is part of the group JLS (an acronym for Jack the Lad Swing). 

Aston grew up in Peterborough dreaming of being a footballer. At secondary school, he represented England for the European Youth Games in 2004 but but soon after he discovered that, he had a nerve disorder in his left foot and had to give up sport. 

When Aston was 14, his mother asked him to enter Kid Stars in their eyes and appeared as Michael Jackson in 2002 singing "Rockin' Robin". Aston performed in all of his school productions and after finishing school in 2004, he was cast in a new TV show called "Fun Song Factory". 

Aston met Marvin Humes whilst auditioning for a TV advert. Since joining the band, Aston moved to London to make rehearsing easier. 

Aston Merrygold and fellow members of JLS, Marvin Humes, Oritsé Williams, and JB Gill were absolutely fantastic singers and they deserved to become the number 1 boy band in the United Kingdom.

The Farmer Takes a Wife (1953 movie)

The Farmer Takes a Wife is a 1953 American musical comedy movie. It was directed by Henry Levin. The movie and is based on 1934 play of the same name. It is a remake of the 1935 original. Actors include Betty Grable, Dale Robertson, Thelma Ritter, John Carroll, and Merry Anders. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Obie Trice

Obie Trice III (born 14 November 1977) is an American rapper and songwriter. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. He started to rhyme when he was 11 years old. In 2000 he was signed to Shady Records.

His first album "Cheers" was released in 2003 with its first single being "Got Some Teeth" The album consists of 17 tracks. The album was very successful and sold almost three million copies as of July 2018 and peaking at third on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums In 2008. Obie started his own record label called "Black Market Entertainment."


The Band Wagon

The Band Wagon is a 1953 American musical comedy movie. It was directed by Vincente Minnelli. Actors include Fred Astaire, Cyd Charisse, Oscar Levant, and Nanette Fabray. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1954.


Prime Minister of Iceland

The prime minister of Iceland () is Iceland's head of government. The prime minister is appointed formally by the president.

Political party:

Political party:

Political party:

Kevin McCall

Kevin Lamar McCall Jr. (born July 25, 1985) is an American singer, songwriter, rapper and record producer. He was nominated for a Grammy with Chris Brown and Tyga for "Deuces" in 2011. 

Bjarni Benediktsson (born 1970)

Bjarni Benediktsson (born 26 January 1970), known as Bjarni Ben, is an Icelandic politician. He was the Prime Minister from January to November 2017. He has been the leader of the Icelandic Independence Party since 2009. He was Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs from 2013 to 2017, a post he later retained under Katrin Jakobsdottir.

Najaf Daryabandari

Najaf Daryabandari (; 23 August 1929 – 4 May 2020) was an Iranian writer and translator. He was known for translating works of Ernest Hemingway, William Faulkner, Bertrand Russell, Samuel Beckett and Mark Twain into Persian. 

He started translation at the age of 17 with William Faulkner's book "A Rose for Emily". He was also a writer and wrote "From Garlic to Onion", a two-volume tome on Iranian cuisine. He was born in Abadan, Iran.

Daryabandari died on 4 May 2020 in Tehran at the age of 90.

John Ridley (footballer)

John Ridley (27 April 1952 – 3 May 2020) was an English footballer. He had a twelve-year professional career in the English Football League. He played for Port Vale and Chesterfield, as well as Leicester City. 

He also played for non-league Stafford Rangers and for American side Fort Lauderdale Strikers.

Ridley was born in Consett, County Durham. He died on 3 May 2020, aged 68.

Individual

Chesterfield

Port Vale

Stafford Rangers

Chanut Piyaoui

"Than Phu Ying" Chanut Piyaoui (, 15 May 1924 – 3 May 2020) was a Thai businesswoman. She was born in Bangkok. Piyaoui was best known as the founder of Thai hospitality group Dusit International. She was the managing director and chairperson of Dusit International from 1970 to 2014.

Piyaoui died on 3 May 2020 in Bangkok, aged 95.

Governor-General of Grenada

The Governor-General of Grenada has been the representative of the Grenadian monarch since the country's independence from the United Kingdom in 1974. 

Leo de Gale

Sir Leo Victor de Gale (December 28, 1921 – March 23, 1986) was the first Governor-General of Grenada, from February 7, 1974 to September 30, 1978.

Paul Scoon

Sir Paul Godwin Scoon (4 July 1935 – 2 September 2013) was Governor-General of Grenada from 1978 to 1992. He was in charge during the rise and fall of the People's Revolutionary Government and during the Invasion of Grenada.

Daniel Williams (governor-general)

Sir Daniel Charles Williams (born 4 November 1935) is a Grenadian politician. He was a Governor-General of Grenada, from 8 August 1996 until 27 November 2008. 

He was formally appointed by Queen Elizabeth II on 9 August 1996 after having been nominated by Prime Minister Keith Mitchell.

The Other Woman (1954 movie)

The Other Woman is a 1954 American crime drama movie. It was directed by Hugo Haas (who also stars). Other actors include Cleo Moore, Lance Fuller, John Qualen, and Lucille Barkley. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


List of heads of government of Grenada

This is a list of heads of government of Grenada, from the creation of the office of Chief Minister in 1960 to the present day.

Hudson Austin

Hudson Austin (26 April 1938–24 September 2022) is a Grenadian military official and politician. He was the Chairman of the Revolutionary Military Council of Grenada from 19 October 1983 to 25 October 1983. He is a member of the New Jewel Movement. Austin was born in the British Windward Islands.

Calumet, Michigan

Calumet ( or ) is a village in Calumet Township, Houghton County, in the U.S. state of Michigan's Upper Peninsula. The population was 621 at the 2020 census. Calumet's nickname is Copper Town U.S.A.

Houghton County, Michigan

Houghton County is a county in the Upper Peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, the population was 37,361. The county seat and largest city is Houghton. Both the county and the city were named for Michigan State geologist and Detroit Mayor Douglass Houghton.

Calumet Township, Michigan

Calumet Charter Township ( ) is a charter township of Houghton County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 6,263 at the 2020 census. It is the largest township by population in Houghton County.

Caprice (movie)

Caprice is a 1967 American comedy thriller movie. It was directed by Frank Tashlin. It stars Doris Day, Richard Harris, and Ray Walston. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. The movie did not make much money in ticket sales.


Philomena Lee

Annie Philomena Lee (born 24 March 1933) is an Irish nurse and activist. Her life was shown in the 2009 book "The Lost Child of Philomena Lee" by Martin Sixsmith. The book was made into a movie titled " Philomena" (2013), which was nominated for four Academy Awards. 

Lee is now an activist and spokesperson for adoption rights. Lee has created "The Philomena Project" in order to raise awareness about adoption laws and find ways to improve them. 

In February 2014, she met Pope Francis to discuss the Catholic church's adoption policies.

Rosalind Elias

Rosalind Elias (March 13, 1930 – May 3, 2020) was an American mezzo-soprano. She was best known for creating the role of Erika in premiere of Samuel Barber's "Vanessa in" 1958 and Charmian in "Antony and Cleopatra" by the same composer. Elias was born in Lowell, Massachusetts.

Elias died on May 3, 2020 in New York City of congestive heart failure, aged 90.


Night Train to Paris

Night Train to Paris is a 1964 American British thriller movie. It was directed by Robert Douglas. Actors include Leslie Nielsen, Aliza Gur, Dorinda Stevens, Eric Pohlmann, Jack Melford, and Hugh Latimer. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


India Adams

India Adams (March 5, 1927 – April 25, 2020) was an American singer. She was known as the ghost singer who dubbed the singing voices of Cyd Charisse and Joan Crawford in the mid-1950s. She was born in Los Angeles. She dubbed the singing voices for Charisse in "The Band Wagon" (1953). That same year, she also dubbed for Crawford in "Torch Song".

Adams died on April 25, 2020 in Los Angeles of a short-illness, aged 93.


Fearless Vampire Killers

Fearless Vampire Killers is a 1967 American British horror comedy movie. It was directed by Roman Polanski (who also stars). Other actors include Jack MacGowran, Sharon Tate, Ronald Lacey, Alfie Bass, Ferdy Mayne, and Terry Downes. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Neuilly-sur-Seine

Neuilly-sur-Seine (), known as Neuilly, is a commune in the department of Hauts-de-Seine in France. It is west of Paris. 

The city hosts many foreign headquarters and embassies. It is the richest and most expensive suburb of Paris.

Together with the 16th and 7th arrondissement of Paris, the town of Neuilly-sur-Seine forms the richest residential area in the whole of France.

Phil Goff

Philip Bruce Goff (born 22 June 1953) is a New Zealand politician. In 2016, he became the 2nd Mayor of Auckland. He was a Member of the New Zealand Parliament from 1981 to 1990 and again from 1993 to 2016. 

He was Leader of the Labour Party and Leader of the Opposition between 11 November 2008 and 13 December 2011.

Jeremy Bingham

Jeremy Bingham (born 16 March 1936) is an Australian property businessman and Citizens' Reform Association politician. He was Lord Mayor of Sydney and an Alderman of the Sydney City Council from 1974 to 1991. He also was a member of the Hunter's Hill Municipal Council from 1965 to 1971. He was born in Gosford, New South Wales.

Madara Uchiha

Madara Uchiha is a fictional character from the manga series Naruto, which depicts a world of ninjas. One of the main villains of the Naruto series (Part II), he is one of the co-founders of the Hidden Leaf Village along with friend/rival Hashirama Senju, the First Hokage.

Madara is a member of the Uchiha Clan, one of the strongest clans of the village of Konoha. During his childhood, he met a child named Hashirama and become his friend. The two compete with each other to become strong. Together they envisioned a village where ninjas will not kill each other. After learning that Hashirama is a member of the Senju Clan (enemy of the Uchiha Clan), their friendship ends. After failing several attempts to defeat his rival, Madara accepts Hashirama's treaty offering of peace between the Uchiha and the Senju. They founded the village of Konoha. But their methods about peace differs. After his defection from the village, Madara challenged Hashirama again and a massive battle occured at the Valley of the End. Madara, believed to be killed in the battle, when into hiding for several years. While hiding, he planned to create a world of peace where there is no fighting and killing between ninjas. He was already old when he activated the Rinnegan eyes. Because there's no time left, he transplanted his eyes to the young Nagato (to preserve the eyes for his later revival) and takes Obito Uchiha as his agent to accomplish his plan. He then entrusted Obito to use his name, "Madara Uchiha".

Years later, Madara will be revided as a reanimated corpse by Kabuto Yakushi during the Fourth Great Ninja War. Madara manage sever his connection to Kabuto, killing most of the ninja forces. He then sacrificed Obito to become alive again. After obtaining one of his Rinnegan eyes and capturing all the tailed beasts, he became the Ten Tails host. After regaining his other eye, Madara is able to complete his plan (Infinite Tsukuyomi). He was later betrayed by Black Zetsu, who he believed to be his will. He then transformed into Princess Kaguya Ōtsutsuki (the progenitor of chakra). After the Naruto and Sasuke defeated both Kaguya and Black Zetsu, Madara was on the verge of death because of the Ten Tails and Demonic Statue extracted from his body. He spents his last time talking to the reincarnated Hashirama and finally makes peace with him as he dies.

Cherry Blossom (candy)

Cherry Blossom is a type of chocolate sold in Canada and made by Hershey Canada Inc. Hershey used to make it at its Canadian manufacturing facility in Smiths Falls, Ontario.

The candy was made from the 1890s by the Walter M. Lowney Company of Canada until Hershey took it over as a subsidiary brand. The factory in Smiths Falls, which is north-east of Kingston, Ontario, is now closed.

The candy consists of a maraschino cherry and cherry syrup surrounded by a mixture of chocolate, shredded coconut and roasted peanut pieces. The candy is sold in a wrapped 45-gram portion, packaged in a close-fitting cardboard box.

Despite common belief, filling is not injected inside the chocolate. The cherry candy is covered with an enzyme, invertase, that breaks down the solid into a liquid over the next 1 to 2 weeks.

The candy contains 210 calories of food energy, 10g fat (15% daily intake), 29g carbohydrate (10% daily intake), 1g fibre (4% daily intake), 27g sugars and 2g of protein.

UPC number: 0 68000 70227 0



Moroccan architecture

Moroccan architecture includes various structures built during different periods developed by the local Moroccan Amazigh. The most notable style in this country is the local Moorish Architecture .


Persian architecture

Persian architecture or Iranian architecture is the name of the Architecture style of Iran from the Pre-Islamic period until the Islamic period of today. this type of architecture style including also the Persian Garden style. 


Sandra Echeverría

Sandra Echeverría Gamboa (born December 11, 1984 in Mexico City, Mexico), is a Mexican actress and singer.


Misirlou

Misirlou is a song known around the world with Eastern Mediterranean origins.

<score vorbis="1">
\new Staff {

\midi {
</score>

We're Not Married!

We're Not Married! is a 1952 romantic comedy movie. It was directed by Edmund Goulding. Actors include: Ginger Rogers, Fred Allen, Victor Moore, David Wayne, Eve Arden, Eddie Bracken, Mitzi Gaynor, Lee Marvin, and Zsa Zsa Gabor. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Phone Call from a Stranger

Phone Call from a Stranger is a 1952 American drama movie. It was directed by Jean Negulesco. Actors include Bette Davis, Shelley Winters, Gary Merrill, Michael Rennie, Keenan Wynn, Warren Stevens, and Beatrice Straight. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


What Price Glory? (1952 movie)

What Price Glory? is a 1952 American World War I comedy movie. It was directed by John Ford. It is a remake of the 1926 movie of the same name. Actors include James Cagney, Corinne Calvet, Dan Dailey, Robert Wagner, Wally Vernon, and James Gleason. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Viva Zapata!

Viva Zapata! is a 1952 biographical drama movie. It was directed by Elia Kazan. Actors include Marlon Brando, Jean Peters, Anthony Quinn, Joseph Wiseman, and Alan Reed. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 5 Oscars and won one at the Academy Awards in 1953.


Bigger Than Life

Bigger Than Life is a 1956 American drama movie. It was directed by Nicholas Ray. The movie is based on the 1955 story entitled "Ten Feet Tall". It stars Walter Matthau, James Mason, Barbara Rush, Robert F. Simon, Christopher Olsen. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Kentuckian

The Kentuckian is a 1955 American western movie. It was directed by Burt Lancaster who also starred. Other actors included Dianne Foster, Diana Lynn, John McIntire, John Carradine, and John Litel. It was distributed by United Artists.


The Indian Fighter

The Indian Fighter is a 1955 American western movie. It was directed by Andre DeToth. The movie is based on the original story by Robert L. Richards. Actors include Kirk Douglas, Elsa Martinelli, Walter Matthau, Walter Abel, Lon Chaney Jr., and Elisha Cook. It was distributed by United Artists.

Violent Saturday

Violent Saturday is a 1955 American crime movie. It was directed by Richard Fleischer. The movie is based on the book by William Heath. Actors include Victor Mature, Richard Egan, Stephen McNally, Virginia Leith, Lee Marvin, Sylvia Sidney, and Ernest Borgnine. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Banon, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Banon is a commune in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.

Barcelonnette

Barcelonnette is a commune of France. It is a subprefecture in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It is in the southern French Alps.

White Feather (movie)

White Feather is a 1955 American western movie. It was directed by Robert D. Webb. The movie is based on the 1952 story by John Prebble. Actors include Robert Wagner, Debra Paget, Virginia Leith, Hugh O'Brian, John Lund, and Eduard Franz. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Barles

Barles is a French commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.

Barras, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Barras is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.

Barrême

Barrême is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.

Bayons

Bayons is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.

How to Be Very, Very Popular

How to Be Very, Very Popular is a 1955 comedy movie directed by Nunnally Johnson is based on the 1933 novel "She Loves Me Not" by Edward Hope. It stars Betty Grable, Sheree North, Bob Cummings, Charles Coburn, Tommy Noonan, Orson Bean and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The End of the Affair (1955 movie)

The End of the Affair is a 1955 British romantic drama movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1951 novel of the same name by Graham Greene. It stars Deborah Kerr, Van Johnson, John Mills, Peter Cushing, Stephen Murray, Elsie Wagstaff and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was remade in 1999.


Hydrilla

Hydrilla is a genus of aquatic plant. It contains only one species Hydrilla verticillata. Some botanists divide it into different species. It is a submersed plant. It can grow to the surface and form dense mats. It can form in all types of water bodies. Hydrilla stems are slender, branched up to 25 feet long. Hydrilla’s small leaves are strap-like.


Flávio Migliaccio

Flávio Migliaccio (26 August 1934 – 4 May 2020) was a Brazilian actor, movie director and screenwriter. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil.

He appeared in more than 90 movies and television shows between 1958 and 2019. His 1962 movie "The Beggars" is thought to be his best known work. An actor, he starred in "My Home is Copacabana" and in "The Hour and Turn of Augusto Matraga". 

Migliaccio hung himself at his farm in Rio Bonito, Brazil on 4 May 2020, aged 85.

Kiss Me Deadly

Kiss Me Deadly is a 1955 crime thriller movie directed by Robert Aldrich and based on the novel of the same name by Mickey Spillane. It stars Ralph Meeker, Albert Dekker, Paul Stewart, Juano Hernandez, Wesley Addy, Maxine Cooper, Cloris Leachman, Leigh Snowden and was distributed by United Artists.


Jericho Brown

Jericho Brown (born Nelson Demery III; born April 14, 1976) is an American poet. In 2020, he was awarded a Pulitzer Prize for Poetry.

Brown was raised in Shreveport, Louisiana. He graduated from Dillard University in 1995. He later went to graduate school. He got a Master of Fine Arts from the University of New Orleans and a Ph.D from the University of Houston.

Brown was a teaching fellow in the English department at the University of Houston from 2002 to 2007, a visiting professor at San Diego State University's MFA program in spring 2009, and an assistant professor of English at the University of San Diego. He has also taught at numerous conferences and workshops, including the Iowa Summer Writing Festival at the University of Iowa. Now he is an associate professor of English and director of the Creative Writing Program at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia.

His poems have appeared in many magazines. Some of the magazines where his poetry has been published are "The Iowa Review", "jubilat", "The Nation", "New England Review", "The New Republic", "Oxford American", "The New Yorker", "Enkare Review" and "The Best American Poetry". He serves as an Assistant Editor at "Callaloo". His first book, "Please" won the American Book Award. His book of poetry, "The New Testament", (Copper Canyon Press, 2014) won the 2015 Anisfield-Wolf Book Award.

The Pulitzer Prizes' home-page calls "The Tradition" "A collection of masterful lyrics that combine delicacy with historical urgency in their loving evocation of bodies vulnerable to hostility and violence." 

The poet has invented a new poetry form. He calls it "duplex." In a duplex poem, first there is a couplet. Then the second line is repeated with a new line. This is "repeated and a new line is added, and then repeated until there are seven couplets of nine to eleven syllables each. ... The first line is [repeated as] the fourteenth line." 

“I’m more than a conqueror, bigger / Than bravery. I don’t march. I’m the one who leaps.”
"A poem is a gesture toward home." 






Gremlins

Gremlins is a 1984 American comedy horror movie written by Chris Columbus and directed by Joe Dante. 

The movie is about a kid who receives a strange creature called a "mogwai" as a pet, which then turns other creatures who transform into small, destructive, evil monsters. The movie stars Zach Galligan and Phoebe Cates, with Howie Mandel. Steven Spielberg was the movie's executive producer.

It was followed by a sequel, "", in 1990. 

Despite being a critical and commercial success, the movie had mixed reviews. This movie is one of the reasons why the PG-13 rating was created because it was made as a family movie, but had some violence and bloody scenes.

Harry Carey

Henry DeWitt Carey II (January 16, 1878 – September 21, 1947) was an American actor. He was a well known silent movie actor who was seen many times as a Western hero. 

One of his best known roles was as the President of the Senate (Vice President of the United States) in the drama movie "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" (1939). He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. 

He was the father of Harry Carey Jr., who was also an actor. In 1920, he married actress Olive Fuller Golden.

Carey was born in The Bronx. He died of lung cancer and coronary thrombosis caused by a spider bite on September 21, 1947 in Los Angeles, aged 69.

Lure of the Swamp

Lure of the Swamp is a 1957 American drama movie directed by Hubert Cornfield and starring Willard Parker, Marshall Thompson, Joan Vohs, Jack Elam, Leo Gordon. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Occupation of Czechoslovakia (1938–1945)

The Nazi German Occupation of Czechoslovakia started on the 15th of March 1939 when German troops entered the region of Bohemia and Moravia, having already had the Sudetenland thanks to the Munich Agreement. The region of Bohemia and Moravia was annexed into the German reich and a puppet government was established under rule of Konstantin von Neurath, who was later replaced by Reinhard Heydrich in 1939 as he was seen too soft on the Czechs. The Czech Government in exile sent two paratroopers to assassinate the Reichsprotektor, Reinhard Heydrich . The operation was code named Operation Anthropoid. The assassins were equipped with a Sten gun and a Impact grenade. The two paratroopers were Jozef Gabčík and Jan Kubiš they planned on assassinating him when he was in his car on a road where the car had to slow down. When they reached the road, Jozef Gabčík, equipped with the Sten gun, opened fire, but the Sten gun jammed, so Kubiš threw his grenade which seriously wounded the Reichsprotektor. it is said that Heinrich refused help of a Jewish doctor. He died a few days later. The occupation ended when the Soviet troops entered Prague and liberated the rest of the Republic until 1945 when the Soviet Union invaded it and turned Czechoslovakia into a Communist State in 1948 . 

Matt Clark

Matthew Clark (born November 25, 1936) is an American actor and director. Clark has played many character roles in Westerns, comedies, and dramas. He was born in Washington, D.C.. His best known role is as Chester the Bartender in the 1990 movie "Back to the Future Part III". He also played Uncle Henry in "Return to Oz" (1985). 

Don Shula

Donald Francis Shula (January 4, 1930 – May 4, 2020) was an American professional football coach and player. He had the most wins for a coach in National Football League (NFL) history.

Shula was best known for his time being the longtime head coach of the Miami Dolphins, leading them to two Super Bowl victories. He was the head coach of the Baltimore Colts. He played professionally as a defensive back for the Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Colts, and Washington Redskins.

In 1997, he was added to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. In retirement, he owned many steak restaurants and a line of condiments.

Shula was born in Grand River, Ohio. He studied at John Carroll University. Shula died on May 4, 2020 in Indian Creek, Florida at the age of 90.

Grand River, Ohio

Grand River is a village in Lake County, Ohio, United States, along the Grand River. The population was 394 at the 2020 census.

Indian Creek, Florida

Indian Creek is a wealthy village in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. The population was 84 at the 2020 census. It was the 5th highest-income place in Florida. It is near Miami.

Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed

Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed is a 1969 British Hammer horror movie directed by Terence Fisher. It is the fifth movie in the "Hammer's Frankenstein" series and stars Peter Cushing, Veronica Carlson, Simon Ward, Peter Copley, Windsor Davies, Thorley Walters, Frank Middlemass, Freddie Jones. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


John Carroll University

John Carroll University is a private Jesuit university in University Heights, Ohio. It is an undergraduate, liberal arts institution. John Carroll has an enrollment of 3,650 students. 

The university has undergraduate programs in the liberal arts, sciences, and business, and in selected areas at the master's level. The university has been ranked in the top 10 of Midwest regional universities by U.S. News & World Report's annual guide, "America's Best Colleges," for 29 years in a row.

University Heights, Ohio

University Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The population was 13,914 as of the 2020 Census. University Heights is nicknamed the "City of Beautiful Homes." 

Froilan Tenorio

Froilan Cruz Tenorio (September 9, 1939 – May 4, 2020) was a Northern Mariana Islands politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. From 1984 to 1990, he was a Resident U.S. Representative. He was the 4th Governor of Northern Mariana Islands from 1994 to 1998.

Tenorio died on May 4, 2020 in Fort Worth, Texas at the age of 80.

Tom Lupo

Tom Lupo (born Carlos Luis Galanternik; 22 October 1945 – 4 May 2020) was an Argentine poet, psychoanalyst and radio personality. He was born in Charata, Argentina. He hosted the radio show "The Tom Lupo Show". In 2011, he released a poetry collection titled "Giro hondo". He hosted many shows on Televisión Pública.

Lupo died on 4 May 2020 in Buenos Aires, aged 74.

Let's Make Love

Let's Make Love is a 1960 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by George Cukor and starring Marilyn Monroe, Yves Montand, Tony Randall, Gene Kelly, Bing Crosby, Frankie Vaughan. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for Academy Award in 1961.


MatPat

Matthew Robert Patrick (born November 15, 1986), also known by his screen name MatPat, is an American internet personality. He is the creator of the YouTube series Game Theory, and its spin-off series Film Theory, Food Theory, and Style Theory, each analyzing different video games, films, food, and fashion respectively. He was born in Medina, Texas .

Between July 1, 2016, and July 31, 2016, he starred in the game show "The Runner".

In May 19th, 2012, he married Stephanie Patrick. They have one son born in July 9, 2018.

In 2024, he said in a video called "Goodbye Internet" that he would not be hosting the channels anymore. He will be replaced by 4 members of the theorist team, one for each channel.

He is very known for his FNAF theories. Starting it between 2011-2012

His last video as host of Game Theory was on March 9, 2024.

Ömer Döngeloğlu

Ömer Döngeloğlu (1968 – 3 May 2020) was a Turkish theologian, writer, producer and television presenter. He was known for the religious programs he hosted on Kanal 7. He was born in Zile, Turkey.

He worked as a preacher in his hometown in Tokat between 1986 to 1996. He worked in many administrative positions in the public sector for many years. He spent years researching, studying and reading Islamic history and Siyer-i Nebi.

Döngeloğlu died from COVID-19 in Istanbul on 3 May 2020, aged 52.


Yusuf Kenan Sönmez

Yusuf Kenan Sönmez (1948 – 3 April 2020) was a Turkish politician and businessman. He was born in Zonguldak, Turkey. He represented Istanbul in the Grand National Assembly from 1987 to 1991. He was a member of both Social Democratic Populist Party and Republican People's Party.

On 25 March 2020, he was diagnosed with COVID-19. On 3 April 2020, he died due to problems from the infection in Istanbul.

Journey to the Center of the Earth (1959 movie)

Journey to the Center of the Earth is a 1959 American science fiction family adventure movie directed by Henry Levin and is based on the 1864 novel of the same name by Jules Verne. It stars James Mason, Pat Boone, Arlene Dahl, Thayer David and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1960.


Aytaç Yalman

Aytaç Yalman (29 July 1940 – 15 March 2020) was a Turkish general. He was born in Istanbul. From 2000 to 2002, he was General Commander of the Gendarmerie of Turkey. From 2002 to 2004, he was the Commander of the Turkish Army. 

Yalman died on 15 March 2020 in Üsküdar, Turkey of COVID-19, aged 79. He was the first prominent person in Turkey to die from the disease.

Belly (rapper)

Belly (born Ahmad Balshe on 7 April 1984) is a Canadian rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer. He first appeared on Massari's third single "Rush the Floor". His first solo single "Pressure" premiered in January 2007. His second single "Don't Be Shy" features Ninja Sky and premiered in April 2007.

Belly has released three albums:

Grand National Assembly of Turkey

The Grand National Assembly of Turkey, usually known as the TBMM or Parliament is the unicameral Turkish legislature. It is the only body of government in the country as said in the Turkish Constitution. 

It was founded in Ankara on 23 April 1920 in the midst of the National Campaign. 

The current Speaker of the Grand National Assembly is Numan Kurtulmuş since 2023.


Speaker of the Grand National Assembly

This article lists the speakers of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey. The name of the parliament of the Republic of Turkey, originally and currently the Grand National Assembly of Turkey.


Mustafa Şentop

Mustafa Şentop (born on 6 August 1968) is a Turkish politician. He was a member of the Justice and Development Party (AK Party). He was the Member of Parliament for İstanbul in the Turkish Parliament since 2011. 

On 24 February 2019, he was elected as the 29th Speaker of the Grand National Assembly. He served as the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly until June 2023


Fuat Oktay

Fuat Oktay (born 1964) is a Turkish politician, civil servant and academic. He was the first Vice President of Turkey from 2018 until 2023.

DaHeala

Jason "DaHeala" Quenneville is a Canadian record producer, songwriter, and engineer. He is best known for his collaborations with The Weeknd. Quenneville co-wrote and co-produced his albums "Kiss Land" (2013) and "Beauty Behind the Madness" (2015). In 2016, he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 88th Academy Awards for co-writing his song "Earned It" from "Fifty Shades of Grey"; the nomination is shared with The Weeknd, Belly, and Stephen Moccio.

İsmail Kahraman

İsmail Kahraman (born 1940) is a Turkish politician. He is a member of the Justice and Development Party (AKP). He was the 27th Speaker of the Grand National Assembly from 22 November 2015 to 7 July 2018. He has been the Member of Parliament for İstanbul's first electoral district since 1 November 2015.


Ömer İzgi

Ömer İzgi (born 1 January 1940) is a former Turkish politician and lawyer. He was the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey from 2000 to 2002. He was a Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Konya between 1999 and 2002 from the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP).


Three Murderesses

Three Murderesses (, ) also known as Women Are Weak is a 1959 French Italian comedy movie directed by Michel Boisrond and starring Alain Delon, Pascale Petit, Mylène Demongeot, Pierre Mondy, Jacqueline Sassard. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Hikmet Çetin

Hikmet Çetin (born 10 August 1937) is a Turkish politician. He was the Speaker of the Turkish Grand National Assembly from 1997 to 1999.

İsmet Sezgin

İsmet Sezgin (6 January 1928 – 7 December 2016) was a Turkish politician. 

He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey and Minister of National Defense from 1997 to 1999, as the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly in 1995, as the Minister of the Interior from 1991 to 1993, as the Minister of Finance from 1979 to 1980 and as the Minister of Youth and Sports from 1969 to 1971. 

Between 1999 and 2002, he was the Leader of the Democrat Turkey Party, but did not contest any elections.

Sezgin died of multiple organ failure on 7 December 2016 in Ankara, aged 88.

Doc McKinney

Martin "Doc" McKinney (born 27 August 1971) is a Canadian-born U.S-raised record producer and songwriter. He is a Grammy-award-winning producer. He is professionally referred to as "Doc McKinney". McKinney was formerly one half of the of the formed duet Esthero, alongside Jenny-Bea Englishman. McKinney is now a solo artist. McKinney also owned and operated Black Corners Ent, a joint venture through Sony/Columbia Records in the United States.

Hüsamettin Cindoruk

Ahmet Hüsamettin Cindoruk (born 1933) is a Turkish politician. He was the 17th Speaker of the Parliament of Turkey between 1991 to 1995. He was also the Acting President of Turkey in 1993 following the death of Turgut Özal.

Kaya Erdem

İsmet Kaya Erdem (born 1928) is a Turkish politician. He was the Minister of Finance from 1980 to 1982. He also was the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly from 1989 to 1991. Erdem was born in Karabük, Turkey. He was a member of the Motherland Party.

J. D.'s Revenge

J. D.'s Revenge is a 1976 American action horror movie directed by Arthur Marks and starring Glynn Turman, Louis Gossett Jr., Nigel Davenport, Joan Pringle, Julian Christopher, Earl Billings. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Gruschwitz Textilwerke

Gruschwitz Textilwerke AG is a textile industry company based in Leutkirch im Allgäu in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

The company was founded in 1816 in the Silesian Nowa Sól () by Johann David Gruschwitz, it emerged from an operation of the Moravian Church. In 1847, Gruschwitz left the company, which his sons "Heinrich Gruschwitz" (1816–1885) and "Alexander Gruschwitz" (1819–1888) successfully continued under the company "JD Gruschwitz & Söhne oHG" . The company was converted into "Gruschwitz Textilwerke AG" in 1906, in whose management the "Doherr" families "(Doherr-Gruschwitz)" and "von Treskow were represented" as Gruschwitz descendants. During the First World War, Gruschwitz employed over 3,500 people. 

At the end of the Second World War, all Gruschwitz factories were in the Red Army's sphere of influence and were expropriated without compensation as a Soviet joint stock company . The last 4,000 employees became unemployed. With the help of a few old employees, "Franz Alexander Doherr-Gruschwitz" opened a small twisted yarn production facility in Neu-Ulm, Bavaria, in 1950 in initially rented rooms.

In 2004 Gruschwitz moved from Neu-Ulm to Leutkirch im Allgäu after the company had previously taken over two other companies in the textile industry (Fritz Zorn GmbH & Co. KG, Leutkirch and Lozetex GmbH Tech-Twists, Winterlingen). In 2005, the operative business was completely outsourced to "Gruschwitz GmbH Tech-Twists", also located in Leutkirch im Allgäu. This 100% subsidiary is a leader in the development and production of technical threads, yarns and sewing threads in Western Europe. Both simple natural fibers and modern man-made fibers are processed as raw materials. Gruschwitz is now more than 75% owned by Philipp Daniel Merckle and employs around 150 people in Leutkirch im Allgäu.


Evan Taubenfeld

Evan David Taubenfeld (born 27 June 1983) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, producer, executive music director, and actor. He was Avril Lavigne's lead guitarist from spring 2002 to September 2004.

The Sunday Woman (movie)

The Sunday Woman () is a 1975 Italian thriller movie directed by Luigi Comencini and based on the novel of the same name. It stars Marcello Mastroianni, Jacqueline Bisset, Jean-Louis Trintignant and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Dave Greenfield

David Paul Greenfield (29 March 1949 – 3 May 2020) was an English keyboardist and singer-songwriter. He was a member of rock band The Stranglers. He joined the band in 1975, and played with them for 45 years until his death. He was born in Brighton, East Sussex.

Greenfield died on 3 May 2020 of heart failure caused by COVID-19, aged 71.

Jackson County Jail

Jackson County Jail is a 1976 American crime thriller movie directed by Michael Miller and starring Tommy Lee Jones, Yvette Mimieux, Robert Carradine, Britt Leach. It was distributed by United Artists.

Jax Jones

Timucin Fabian Kwong Wah Aulo (born 25 July 1987), known professionally as Jax Jones, is an English DJ, record producer, remixer, and songwriter. He rose to fame in 2014 by featuring on Duke Dumont's UK number one single "I Got U". He followed this up with "You Don't Know Me" featuring Raye, and "Instruction" featuring Demi Lovato and Stefflon Don in 2016 and 2017, respectively. He formed the alias "Europa" with fellow DJ Martin Solevig in 2019. 

Jones' debut studio album "Snacks (Supersize)" was released on 6 September 2019.

Swashbuckler (movie)

Swashbuckler is a 1976 American romantic adventure movie directed by James Goldstone and stars Robert Shaw, James Earl Jones, Peter Boyle, Geneviève Bujold, Beau Bridges, Anjelica Huston. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was a box office bomb.


Roy Lester

E. Roy Lester (1923 – May 3, 2020) was an American college and high school football coach. He was born in Spencer, West Virginia. He played for West Virginia from 1947 to 1949. He also coached Richard Montgomery High School and the Maryland Terrapins.

Lester died in Rockville, Maryland on May 3, 2020 of COVID-19, aged 96.

Young T &amp; Bugsey

Young T & Bugsey (real names Rashard Tucker and Doyin Julius respectively) are an English rap duo. The members are Rashard Tucker (better known as Young T) and Doyin Julius (better known as Bugsey), who both grew up in Nottingham.

Spencer, West Virginia

Spencer is a city in and the county seat of Roane County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 2,063 at the 2020 census. 

Roane County, West Virginia

Roane County is a county located in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,028. Its county seat is Spencer. The county was founded in 1856 and is named for Spencer Roane.

Selma Barkham

Selma Huxley Barkham, , ("née" Huxley; 8 March 1927 – 3 May 2020) was an English-Canadian historian and geographer. Her works focused on the maritime history of Canada and of the Basque Country. She was born in London.

In 1981, she was awarded the Order of Canada for her work. A whaling port she discovered in Red Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador was declared a National Historic Site of Canada (1979) and a World Heritage Site by UNESCO (June 2013). 

She was made an Officer of the Order of Newfoundland and Labrador in 2015.

Barkham died on 4 May 2020 in Chichester, England at the age of 93.


Up! (1976 movie)

Up! is a 1976 American adult comedy movie directed by Russ Meyer and starring Raven De La Croix, Kitten Natividad, Robert McLane. It was distributed by RM Films International.


John Hugh Seiradakis

John Hugh Seiradakis (; 5 March 1948 – 3 May 2020) was a Greek astronomer and physicist. He was born in Chania, Greece. He was best known for his works in the understanding of radio pulsars, the galactic center and archaeoastronomy.

He was a founding member of the Hellenic Astronomical Society, the European Astronomical Society and the International Olympiad on Astronomy and Astrophysics (IOAA).

He worked at the University of Thessaloniki, Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy, University of Hamburg, University of California and at Victoria University of Manchester. 

Seiradakis died on 3 May 2020 in his home in Thessaloniki, Greece of problems caused by cancer, aged 72.

Ruy Guerra

Ruy Alexandre Guerra Coelho Pereira (born August 22, 1931) is a Portuguese-Brazilian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Maputo, Portuguese Mozambique. He directed his first movie "Os Cafajestes" in 1962. 

In 1964, Guerra directed "Os Fuzis" and was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Silver Bear Extraordinary Jury Prize.

Sterling Hayden

Sterling Walter Hayden (born Sterling Relyea Walter; March 26, 1916 – May 23, 1986) was an American actor, author, and sailor. His best known roles were in John Huston's "The Asphalt Jungle" (1950), Nicholas Ray's "Johnny Guitar" (1954), and Stanley Kubrick's "The Killing" (1956). He also starred as General Jack D. Ripper in Kubrick's "Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb" (1964).


Upper Montclair, New Jersey

Upper Montclair is a census-designated place (CDP), unincorporated community and neighborhood within Montclair in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population for the CDP was 13,146.

Nicholas Ray

Nicholas Ray (born Raymond Nicholas Kienzle Jr., August 7, 1911 – June 16, 1979) was an American movie director. He was best known for directing the movie "Rebel Without a Cause."

Ray died on June 16, 1979 in New York City of lung cancer, aged 67.

Galesville, Wisconsin

Galesville is a city in Trempealeau County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,481 at the 2010 census.

Foxtrot (1976 movie)

Foxtrot, also known as The Far Side of Paradise, is a 1977 British Mexican movie directed by Arturo Ripstein and starring Peter O'Toole, Charlotte Rampling, Max von Sydow. It was distributed by New World Pictures.

Trempealeau County, Wisconsin

Trempealeau County (, ) is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 30,760. Its county seat is Whitehall.

Joe (movie)

Joe is a 1970 American drama movie directed by John G. Avildsen and starring Susan Sarandon, Peter Boyle, Dennis Patrick, K Callan. It was distributed by Cannon Group and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1971.


Yellowbeard

Yellowbeard is a 1983 American British comedy movie directed by Mel Damski and starring Peter Boyle, Graham Chapman, Cheech Marin, Tommy Chong, Peter Cook, Martin Hewitt, Marty Feldman, Spike Milligan, Eric Idle, James Mason, John Cleese, Nigel Planer, Susannah York, Beryl Reid, David Bowie. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Leonardo Villar

Leonardo Villar (July 25, 1923 – July 3, 2020) was a Brazilian actor. He was born in Piracicaba, São Paulo. He was known for his role as Ze do Borro in the 1962 drama movie "O Pagador de Promessas". He also starred in "The Hour and Turn of Augusto Matraga" (1965), "Juego peligroso" (1967), and "Brave New Land" (2000).

Villar died on July 3, 2020 at a hospital in São Paulo from cardiac arrest caused by heart failure, aged 96.

Glória Menezes

Glória Menezes, artistic name of Nicelde Soares Magalhães (born October 19, 1934) is a Brazilian actress. She was born in Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul. Menezes was best known for her role as Amelia in the telenovela "Páginas da Vida". 

From 1962 until his death in 2021, she was married to actor Tarcísio Meira. They have one child.

Tarcísio Meira

Tarcísio Magalhães Sobrinho, usually known as Tarcísio Meira (October 5, 1935 – August 12, 2021) was a Brazilian actor. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil. He was one of the first actors to work in the most popular Brazilian channel Globo. His best known roles were as Military Christ in "The Age of the Earth" (1980) and as Ulisses in "I Love You" (1981).

In 1962, Meira married actress Glória Menezes. They had one child. Meira died at a hospital in São Paulo from COVID-19 on August 12, 2021 at the age of 85.

Othon Bastos

Othon Bastos (born 23 May 1933) is a Brazilian movie actor. He has appeared in 50 movies since 1962. He was born in Tucano, Bahia. 

His best known roles were in "O Pagador de Promessas" (1962), "Black God, White Devil" (1964), "Antonio das Mortes" (1969), "Of Gods and the Undead" (1970), "S. Bernardo" (1972), "The Last Plantation" (1976), "Heart and Guts" (1982), "Four Days in September" (1997), "Central Station" (1998), "Villa-Lobos - Uma Vida de Paixão" (2000), "Behind the Sun" (2001), "Nosso Lar" (2010) and "Os Experientes" (2016).

Danuza Leão

Danuza Leão (July 26, 1933 – June 22, 2022) was a Brazilian model, socialite, journalist, writer, and actress. She was born in Itaguaçu, Espírito Santo. She worked as a columnist in "Folha de S.Paulo". She had a minor role at Glauber Rocha's 1967 FIPRESCI Award winning movie "Entranced Earth". 

She was the older sister of singer Nara Leão and was married to Samuel Wainer, founder of the newspaper Última Hora.

Danuza died from respiratory failure in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on June 22, 2022 at the age of 88.


Lorne Munroe

Lorne Munroe (November 24, 1924 – May 4, 2020) was an Canadian-American cellist. He was principal cellist of the Philadelphia Orchestra from 1951 to 1964 and principal cellist of the New York Philharmonic from 1964 to 1996. He retired in 1996. Munroe was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Munroe died on May 4, 2020 at the age of 95.

Fort Yuma

Fort Yuma is a 1955 American western movie directed by Lesley Selander and starring Peter Graves, Joan Vohs, John Hudson, Joan Taylor. It was distributed by United Artists.

Desk Set

Desk Set is a 1957 American romantic comedy movie directed by Walter Lang and based on the 1955 play of the same name by William Marchant. It stars Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Gig Young, Joan Blondell, Dina Merrill and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Island in the Sun (movie)

Island in the Sun is a 1957 American romance movie directed by Robert Rossen and based on the 1955 novel of the same name by Alec Waugh. It stars James Mason, Harry Belafonte, Joan Fontaine, Joan Collins, Dorothy Dandridge, Diana Wynyard, Basil Sydney, Patricia Owens and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Socio-economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused a larger effect more than the disease itself. As the SARS-CoV-2 virus has spread around the globe, many people have begun to think about the economic effects such as the decreased business and unemployment. The pandemic caused the largest global recession in history, with more than a third of the global population at the time being placed on lockdown.

Supply shortages were expected to affect a number of sectors due to panic buying, increased usage of goods to during the pandemic, and people raising up prices on needed products such as masks, toilet paper, plastic gloves and hand sanitizer. Reports of lack of food or groceries were said. The pandemic also caused many social events to be pushed back such as concert delays and movie release dates. Many movie theaters are being put out of business.

There was an increase in gleaning, meaning people going to farms to pick up food plants left over on the ground after a harvest. Because restaurants and other food businesses canceled their orders, farmers had more extra crops than usual. People formed new organizations to find farmers with extra food, organize people to collect it, and transport it to food banks and other places where people could get to it.

Global stock markets fell on 24 February 2020 due to a significant rise in the number of COVID-19 cases outside mainland China. By 28 February 2020, stock markets worldwide saw their largest single-week declines since the 2008 financial crisis. Global stock markets crashed in March 2020.

It is likely that business money losses are to be in the billions and increasing. By 16 March, news reports emerged indicating that the effect on the United States economy would be worse than previously thought.

According to the World Data Lab, Africa's middle class is at risk because of the coronavirus pandemic. According to one economist from the Africa and the Middle East at Standard Chartered Bank, a middle-class person is someone who is not rich but does have a steady income. In Africa, about 170 million people are middle class and about 8 million of them could lose their businesses or become poor because of COVID-19. This is because one of the industries that has helped Africa's middle class rise over the past 30 years is tourism, and many countries closed borders and encouraged people not to travel. Experts say this is especially bad because a strong middle class lifts the whole country.

Nigeria and other African countries are also affected by low oil prices. Because people all over the world are driving and flying and traveling less, oil costs less. That means oil companies make less money. Many of them have fired some of their employees in Africa. Then those employees do not have money to spend on local businesses.

The coronavirus pandemic increased the amount of money spent through cashless payments, like credit cards and aps, over cash, meaning coins and paper bills. The United Nations and many specific countries, such as Kenya and Sweden, encouraged people to pay for things without using cash. Physical coins and bills can carry germs. Credit cards and aps make it easier for people to pay for things without touching other people. This means that the store or other seller must pay a fee to the credit card company or app company.

Experts say this may cause problems for immigrants, people with disabilities and other people who cannot easily sign up for credit cards or aps.

The pandemic has affected educational systems worldwide causing many schools and universities to close down. According to data released by UNESCO on 25 March, school and university closures due to COVID-19 were caused in 165 countries. Including localized closures, this affects over 1.5 billion students worldwide. Many classes were suspended for the rest of the school year with many tacking online classes.

In the United Kingdom, some schools stayed open and taught the children of essential workers, at-risk children, and children with special education needs. According to the Independent Provider of Special Education Advice organization, British educators unfairly sent special education students home either for no reason or by claiming that they could not wash their hands or keep a safe social distance.

COVID-19 did not affect everyone in each country the same way. As of May 2020, APM Research Lab said the death rate among black Americans was 2.4 times as high as for whites and 2.2 times as high as for Latino and Asian Americans. In July 2020, "The New York Times" printed data from the Centers for Disease Control showing that black and Latino Americans were three times as likely to become sick and twice as likely to die as white Americans. This showed some difference from place to place, but it was mostly true in both cities and the country, regardless of how old people were. Native Americans were also more likely than whites to become sick and die. Asian Americans were 1.3 times as likely to become sick as whites were. Camara Jones, an epidemiologist who once worked for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said this was socioeconomic and not because of any natural difference in black and white people's bodies. In the United States, black citizens are more likely to work jobs where they serve the public and to ride on buses and trains rather than take their own cars to work, which makes them more likely to be infected than people who work in private offices or from home. Sharrelle Barber, an epidemiologist and biostatistician from Drexel University, also said black Americans can live in crowded neighborhoods where social distancing is harder to do and healthy food harder to find. Both Barber and Jones blamed the long history of racism in the United States for these things. Three senators, Kamala Harris, Cory Booker and Elizabeth Warren, said the federal government should start recording the race of COVID-19 patients so scientists could study this problem.

In the United Kingdom, twice as many black COVID-19 patients died as white COVID-19 patients. Other non-white people, like people from India and Bangledesh, were also more likely to die of COVID-19 than whites. Britain's Office of National Statistics said that the differences in money and education explained some of this difference but not all of it. They also said they did not know whether non-white patients caught COVID-19 more often or whether they caught more severe cases. Only female Chinese Britons were less likely to die of COVID-19 than white Britons.

Native Americans in the United States have shown more deaths from COVID-19 than the rest of the U.S. As of May, the Navajo Nation had 88 deaths and 2,757 cases, and the money they had been promised by the government arrived weeks late. Only 30% of the people in the Navajo Nation have pipes with running water, which made it difficult for people to wash their hands.

Scientists from Chapman University made a plan to protect the Tsimane people in Bolivia from COVID-19 and said this plan would also work for other indigenous peoples living on their own land. The scientists said that many indigenous peoples have problems that make COVID-19 more dangerous for them, like poverty, less clean water, and other lung diseases. Hospitals may be a long distance away, and racism can affect the way doctors and nurses react. But they also sometimes have things that help, like traditions of making decisions together and the ability to grow food nearby. The scientists found people who spoke the Tsimane language as a first language and made teams to go to Tsimane towns to warn them about COVID-19. They also used radio stations. They said the best strategy was for whole communities to decide to isolate. They found this worked well because the Tsimane already usually made their big decisions together as a community in special meetings and already had a tradition of quarantining new mothers. The Chapman scientists said their plan would also work for other indigenous peoples who also make decisions together, like the Tsimane.

In April 2020, police officers in Minneapolis, Minnesota in the United States killed an unarmed black man called George Floyd while they were arresting him. There were months of protests all over the world against police racism. Many people said that the reason the protests were so big was not only because of racism but also because COVID-19 hurt more non-white people than other people, both by making them sick and by costing them their jobs.

Scholar Dr. Marcella Nunez-Smith of the Yale School of Medicine said, "They are protesting against police brutality and excessive force, no question, but they're also protesting for the ability to live their lives fully and completely, and to not have their lives cut short, either by force or preventable diseases."

Job losses also meant people had more time to protest. On "The Daily Show", athlete Anquan Boldin said he thought all the cancelled sports events were also making the protests bigger and more focused: "The one thing I'm happy that is not happening right now is that sports isn't being played." He then named many tournaments and other events that had been cancelled. "...and everybody "could" be distracted by those things that are going on, but because you don't have sports, everybody's attention is focused on this one thing. And I think, for us, this is the opportunity to really create change."

The pandemic has had a large impact on aviation business due to Travel restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as a decrease in demand among travelers. Many reductions in passenger numbers has caused in planes flying empty between airports and the cancellation of flights.

The cruise ship business has also been affected by a decrease, with the share prices of the major cruise lines down 70-80%.

On 18 March 2020, the World Health Organization issued a report about mental health and psychosocial issues during the COVID-19 outbreak.

Due to doubts if pets or other livestock can pass on coronavirus to humans, many people did not want to keep their pets as they were scared of getting the disease. In the Arab World, celebrities were telling people to keep and protect their pets. Meanwhile, people in the U.K. bought more pets during the coronavirus lockdown to not be lonely.

Many countries have reported an increase in domestic violence and intimate partner violence because of lockdowns during the COVID-19 pandemic.

The coronavirus pandemic has been followed by a concern for a possible increase in suicides due to quarantine and social-distancing guidelines, fear, and unemployment and financial reasons.

Most of the time, people who work during the week sleep and wake earlier on weekdays than they do on weekends. This is called social jetlag and it leads to poor sleep. Scientists from the University of Basel said the lockdowns made people sleep longer and at healthier times, so there was less social jetlag. They said this was because even people who still worked did so from home, so they did not have to get up early to travel to work. They also found that people did not sleep as well because they were worried.

The pandemic affected families. In a study from Vanderbilt University, 27% of American parents said their mental health had gotten worse and 14% of parents reported their children's mental health had gotten worse. Many families lost child care and health insurance. Many families found it more difficult to get enough food. Families with younger children were more affected because they were more likely to miss child care.


Kattode

Kattode is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kattode.

Kattode is in the Thiruvalla - Kumbazha road (TK road / Sh-07).



Kattode is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Three Young Texans

Three Young Texans is a 1954 American western movie directed by Henry Levin and starring Mitzi Gaynor, Keefe Brasselle, Jeffrey Hunter, Harvey Stephens, Aaron Spelling. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Isolation (health care)

In hospitals or health care areas, isolation is one of the many measures that can be taken to stop the spread of certain diseases as it would lower the amount of people being infected by it. The most recent case are people being forced by law to stay at home as schools and jobs are closed due to the 2020 coronavirus pandemic. This is different than quarantine as this is for people who have not been infected.

According to the CDC, isolation is the act of separating a sick individual with a contagious disease from healthy individuals without that contagious disease in order to protect the public from getting the contagious disease.

Contagious diseases can spread to others through many forms. Four types of infectious disease transmission can happen: (1) contact transmission, which can be through direct physical contact (2) vehicular transmission, which involves contaminated objects, (3) airborne transmission, which involves spread of infectious particles through air, and (4) vector transmission, which is spread through insects or animals. Since diseases can spread through many forms of transmission it is important for people who are not infected to stay at home so that they won't get sick. For those who are sick then it is important for them to quarantine to make sure they don't spread the disease.



COVID-19 recession

The coronavirus recession, also known as the Great Lockdown or Great Shutdown, was a major global economic recession affecting the world economy in 2020 during and as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The recession caused the largest economic downturn since the Great Depression. On 14 April 2020, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) reported that all of the G7 nations had already entered or were entering into what was called a "deep recession". The IMF has stated that the economic decline is "far worse" than that of the Great Recession in 2009.

The pandemic has led to more than a third of the world's population being placed on lockdown to stop the spread of COVID-19. This has caused severe economic downfalls for economies across the world, following soon after a global economic slowdown during 2019 that saw a lowering numbers in stock markets worldwide.

The United Nations (UN) predicted in April 2020 that global unemployment will wipe out 6.7 per cent of working hours globally in the second quarter of 2020—equivalent to 195 million full-time workers.

The recession saw the fall of the price of oil caused by the 2020 Russia–Saudi Arabia oil price war, the collapse of the tourism industry, hospitality industry, energy industry, and a large decrease in consumer activity.

Global stock markets crashed around 20 to 30% during late February and March 2020. During the crash, global stock markets had many swings, mainly due to uncertainty in the markets.

Kattoor, Pathanamthitta

Kattoor is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, India. 

Malayalam is the native language of Kattoor.

Kattoor is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).


Kaviyoor

Kaviyoor is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kaviyoor.

Kaviyoor is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

Kavumbhagom

Kavumbhagom is a village in Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state,India.

Malayalam is the native language of Kavumbhagom.

Kavumbhagom is a part of Pathanamthitta Loksabha constituency. Mr. Anto Antony is the current Member of Parliament of the constituency.

The climate of the place is moderate and pleasant. Tropical climate is prevailed here throughout the year.

The major transportation service of this place is provided by Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).

COVID-19 misinformation

<onlyinclude>The pandemic has caused a large number of conspiracy theories and misinformation about where the pandemic started, how serious it is and the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment.

According to the World Health Organization, the pandemic was also an "infodemic", with misinformation spreading like disease.</onlyinclude> This was because social media let information spread quickly, because celebrities sometimes repeated conspiracy theories, and because many people were locked down at home without much else to listen to. When doctors or government officials went on television to say these conspiracy theories were wrong, that only made people think the conspiracy theories were important enough for doctors and officials to talk about. One group of scientists said governments could use conspiracy theories to distract people from real problems.

Fake information has been spread through social media, text messages, and mass media, including the state media of countries such as China, Russia, Iran, and Turkmenistan.

It has been spread by celebrities, politicians (including leaders in countries such as the United States, Iran, and Brazil), and other important public figures. Commercial scams have claimed to offer at-home tests and "miracle" cures. 

Other claims include that the virus is a bio-weapon with a patented vaccine, a population control scheme, or the result of a spy operation. Many theories say that there is a link between the virus and Wuhan Institute of Virology (WIV). They believe that the virus escaped from the WIV by accident.

One survey by Pew Research showed 29% of Americans who answered thought SARS-CoV-2 could have been made in a lab on purpose and 23% thought it could have been made in a lab by accident.

In early May 2020, United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said there was "enormous evidence" that the virus was from a laboratory in Wuhan. but he said it could have been an accident. Intelligence officials and virus scientists said it was more likely that the virus had not come from a lab.

A survey of people in the United Kingdom showed many of them thought COVID-19 was caused by 5G wireless networks.

When the leader of Iran, Ayatollah Khamenei, said that he did not want the United States to help his country against coronavirus, he named the idea that Americans had made the virus on purpose to harm Iranians as one of his reasons: "I do not know how real this accusation is but when it exists, who in their right mind would trust you to bring them medication?"

On March 17, 2020, scientists from Columbia University and other places published a paper in "Nature Medicine" showing that SARS-CoV-2 was almost surely not made by humans in a laboratory. They did this by comparing the genomes of different viruses to each other. The scientists saw that SARS-CoV-2 did not match any of the viral backbones that already exist for virologists to use. Within a few weeks, this became one of the most cited scientific papers in history, meaning other scientists were reading it and using its information.

Remdesivir

Remdesivir is a broad-spectrum antiviral medication created by the biopharmaceutical company Gilead Sciences. It was designed to treat Ebola.

As of 2020, remdesivir is being tested as a specific treatment for COVID-19. It is being used for the sickest of patients during the pandemic. It may shorten the time it takes to recover from the infection. Treatment is given by injection into a vein.

On May 1, the United States Food and Drug Administration gave doctors permission to use remdesivir on patients with COVID-19. Ordinarily, the FDA would test remdesivir first to see if it worked on patients with COVID-19, but because of the COVID-19 pandemic, they told doctors they could start using the drug before the tests were finished.

In October 2020, the National Institutes of Health told the world the results of its tests: They studied 11,000 people and found that remdesivir did not help keep COVID-19 patients alive. Gilead and some scientists said the results of the tests might not be correct.

CSI: Cyber

CSI: Cyber (Crime Scene Investigation: Cyber) is an American police procedural drama series premiering on March 4, 2015, on CBS. The series was canceled after two seasons to conclude the "CSI" franchise.

CSI

CSI may refer to:


Dar Yasin

Dar Yasin is an Indian photo-journaist. He has been awarded Pulitzer Prize for his extensive cover on the Kashmir conflict.

Dar was born in 1973 at kashmir, India. Studied computer science and technology baccalaureate from South India.

Dar has extensively covered the conflict on Kashmir conflict, the Earthquake in South Asia and its aftermath, and the landmark opening of the bus route between divided Kashmir. He is now working at Associated Press. 


Ciro Pessoa

Ciro Pessoa Mendes Corrêa (June 12, 1957 – May 5, 2020), also known by his Dharma name Tenzin Chöpel, was a Brazilian singer-songwriter, guitarist, and poet. He was known as one of the founding members of the influential rock band Titãs and for his later work with post-punk/gothic rock band Cabine C. He was born in São Paulo, São Paulo.

Pessoa, who had cancer, died of COVID-19 in São Paulo on May 5, 2020 at the age of 62.

Didi Kempot

Didik Prasetyo, known as Didi Kempot (31 December 1966 – 5 May 2020) was an Indonesian singer-songwriter and philanthropist. He was born in Surakarta, Central Java. 

In 1989 he released his debut album. A few years later he had his breakthrough with the singles "Stasiun Balapan" and "Sewu Kutho". He was known as "The Godfather of the Broken-Hearted". In 2020, he wrote the song "Ojo Mudik" and gave a concert livestreame from his house. It raised $500,000 for the fight against coronavirus disease 2019. 

Kempot died of cardiac arrest on 5 May 2020 in Surakarta, aged 53.

Taufiq Kiemas

Muhammad Taufiq Kiemas (31 December 1942 – 8 June 2013) was the Speaker of the People's Consultative Assembly of Indonesia from 2009 until his death in 2013. Taufiq (sometimes spelt "Taufik") was the husband of Megawati Sukarnoputri, President of Indonesia from 2001 to 2004.

Kiemas died on 8 June 2013 in Singapore General Hospital, Singapore after a heart attack, aged 70.

Mark Beech (writer)

Mark Beech FRSA (1959 – 24 April 2020) was a British author, journalist and broadcaster. He was best known for his two books on the origins of names in rock music, and for his columns about music and the arts. 

Beech was the editor of "DANTE" magazine. A fellow of the UK Royal Society of Arts.

He died in Edinburgh of heart disease on 24 April 2020, aged 60.

Tinley Park, Illinois

Tinley Park is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States, with a small part in Will County. 55,971 people lived there at the 2020 census. It was once one of the fastest growing suburbs southwest of Chicago. 

In 2009, "BusinessWeek" called Tinley Park the best place to raise a family in America. In 2017, Tinley Park was listed as one of the 50 safest cities in America.

Nokia 5730 XpressMusic

The Nokia 5730 XpressMusic is a smartphone announced on March 11, 2009. It has a full backlit slide-out QWERTY keyboard, dedicated camera, volume, gaming keys, music keys, Wi-Fi (801.2b/g) connectivity, and a basic accelerometer that automatically rotates the screen into a landscape mode or portrait mode. It runs on Nokia's Symbian OS v9.3 S60 mobile phone platform. It is very similar to the Nokia E75, except it is designed to be used to play music.

The screen is a 2.4" TFT (measured diagonally) with a 240 by 320 pixel QVGA resolution. Earphones can be used using a 3.5mm audio jack, and the device is available with a pink, red, blue or silver trim. An Ovi web application is pre-installed. Ovi is Nokia's online services platform, featuring games, music, videos, phone apps, media sharing and social networking.

Like many phones in its price range, it has a 3.15-megapixel camera (with Carl-Zeiss optics, LED flash and 30fps VGA recording), and network-guided A-GPS. The N-Gage gaming platform can be used, allowing users to trial, purchase and play N-Gage 2.0 games, all of which can be done using the application. The device fully supports 3.5G, allowing mobile internet, voicemail, video calling and email to run at speeds of up to 7.2 MB/s. Uniquely, if it is connected to a PC or laptop, it can use an available network to be a wireless broadband modem.

The device can be used to make, read, and to a limited extent, edit files (only in an editor's version) from Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel. PDF files can be viewed using Adobe Reader LE 1.5.0, and RealPlayer is included so videos can be streamed (such as by using YouTube).


History of Ireland

The history of Ireland begins in the past. Ireland is now divided into the Republic of Ireland, and Northern Ireland which is part of the United Kingdom. People began farming on Ireland thousands of years ago. The Celts moved there about 2,500 years ago. Ireland was divided into many small kingdoms. When Christians arrived, most Irish people became Christian. The Vikings and later the Normans invaded in the Middle Ages. Eventually, Ireland became part of the United Kingdom, with Great Britain. In the 1920s, most of Ireland became a separate country, but Northern Ireland stayed in the United Kingdom.

Nobody knows exactly when the first people came to Ireland. Using radiometric dating, scientists found that a bear bone with knife marks was 12,500 years old. It is likely that people lived in Ireland then. By 7900 BCE, hunter-gatherers (people who ate wild plants and animals) lived in Ireland. This time was called the Stone Age. Around 4000 BCE, they started making farms with animals and plants. They made pottery, stone tools, wood houses, and large tombs. The Bronze Age started around 2500 BCE. People learned to make things out of metals like bronze, gold, and copper, but it was mostly only rich people who had them. People also started weaving and working with leather. Large rooms were built to store metal weapons. The Iron Age started around 600 BCE or earlier, when people started making iron tools. During the Iron Age, Celts came to Ireland, so they started speaking Celtic languages. The Celts brought their style of art with them. Between 1 and 400 CE, Roman soldiers may have invaded Ireland, but Ireland did not join the Roman Empire. About five kings each ruled a large part of Ireland.

In the 300s CE, Christianity and writing were both brought to Ireland. Saint Patrick was famous for spreading Christianity in Ireland in the 400s, but he was not the first Christian in Ireland. For the next 300–400 years, more Irish people became Christian. Christian monks from other countries came to Irish monasteries. Some monasteries grew into towns. The main buildings from 400-800 CE were round forts (raths or ringforts) made of dirt, with houses inside. Most of the forests were cut down to make farms. There were some new kingdoms in this time. The kingdom of Uí Néill in north Ireland took over the area called Tara, then ruled over all the other kingdoms. They were called the high kings.

By 800 almost everyone was Christian. They were called Gaels and they spoke the Gaelic language. In 795, the Vikings, sailors from Scandinavia, invaded and stole from many towns. The Vikings ruled over Irish kings. They built Dublin and other cities and towns on the coast. In 902 the Christian Irish armies pushed out the Vikings, but in 917 the Vikings came back to start a new kingdom of Dublin. Over time, Vikings started new kingdoms. In the 1000s and 1100s, the Vikings either left or became part of Irish culture.

Brian Boru, a King of Munster, fought against Leinster and became the high king in the early 1000s. After that, high kings came from the four provinces: Munster, Leinster, Ulster, and Connacht. Each province also had its own king.

In the 1100s, Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair was the high king. He forced Diarmaid Mac Murchada, the king of Leinster, to leave his kingdom. Diarmaid asked Henry II, a Norman king of England, to help him get his land back. Henry agreed, so an army of Norman (and Welsh) knights invaded Ireland in 1167. Richard de Clare, called Strongbow, led the knights. Henry thought the Norman knights and Strongbow were too powerful, so he decided to take over Ireland. He traveled to Ireland with his own fleet in 1171. Henry conquered Ireland and gave it to his youngest son John. Henry thought John would never be king of England, so he made John Lord of Ireland. But John became king of England in 1199 after all his brothers died. After that, Ireland was ruled by the English king. Norman lords from England started taking over more of Ireland. They mostly lived near the east and south coasts, and some land was still ruled by Irish kings.

The Norman lords built new castles and towns in their land. Many people came from England to Ireland for more land. The English, Norman, or Anglo-Norman lords broke up land into areas called manors. They put fences around farms so everyone would know who owned the farm. Farms were made better so they could grow more in a smaller area. The Anglo-Normans planted more wheat and raised more sheep. The population grew quickly. In 1297, Anglo-Normans started the Irish Parliament, a gathering to make laws.

The Gaelic Irish often tried to take control from the Anglo-Normans. In 1315, Edward Bruce, a lord from Scotland, allied with the Irish to fight the Anglo-Normans. In 1318 the Anglo-Normans won the war. But the Anglo-Norman rulers became weaker. By 1500, England only controlled a small part of eastern Ireland, called the Pale. In the rest of Ireland, people spoke Irish and had Irish culture.

Ireland had a governor (ruler) who was supposed to be loyal to the King of England. In the 1530s, Thomas Fitzgerald, the governor, rebelled against England. Because of this, King Henry VIII of England wanted more power. In 1541, he declared himself King of Ireland instead of Lord of Ireland. The English built military forts in Ireland. English settlers moved to areas in Ireland called plantations. They used English laws and took over a lot of Ireland. During the Nine Years War in the 1590s, Irish soldiers from Ulster fought the English.

Most of the Irish people were Catholic. The settlers were mostly Protestant. In Ulster, the largest plantation, settlers were mostly Presbyterians from Scotland. In the other provinces, the settlers were mostly Anglicans from England. English kings and the English Parliament wanted the Irish people to be Anglican. They made the Church of Ireland, a branch of the Anglican Church. The Penal Laws of the 1600s punished Irish people who did not follow the Church of Ireland. The Anglicans grew more powerful. This time was called the Protestant Ascendancy. That was the end of Gaelic Ireland.

In the 1700s, the Catholic people of Ireland were poor peasants. They were not allowed to own land, and much of the food they produced was exported overseas by England. Forcing them to mostly eat potatoes. There were rebellions against landlords and English rule, but they mostly failed. In 1801, the Acts of Union joined Ireland with Great Britain, forming the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (UK). The Irish parliament became part of the United Kingdom parliament in London.

In 1831, the government forced primary schools to teach in English, not Irish. Children were punished if they spoke Irish in school. People had to speak English if they wanted a good job. From 1845-1849, a disease killed potato plants, which caused the Great Famine, or the Irish Potato Famine. About a million people starved to death, and a million more moved to other countries. The famine hurt Irish speakers the most, because they were poor. More people switched from speaking Irish to English. Some say people starved because crops in Ireland were sold to other countries. These crops could have fed people in Ireland. Many Irish people were forced to leave their land because they could not pay rent to the landlords. Some had to work in factories set up by the government, because of the Irish Poor Laws. From the 1870s to the 1890s, there was violence between the Land League and the government. The Land League wanted lower rent and they wanted to buy land.

In the late 1800s and early 1900s, the British government made it easier for Irish people to buy land. In 1886 the Liberal Party tried to make a new parliament for Ireland. This idea was called Home Rule. However, Parliament did not allow Ireland to have Home Rule. Around 1900, Irish people were split into Nationalists, who wanted Home Rule or independence, and Unionists, who wanted to be ruled by Britain. Nationalists were mostly Catholics who lived in rural areas. Unionists were mostly Protestants who lived in cities. The Unionists worried they would lose their rights if Ireland had its own government. In some parts of Ireland, Unionists were mostly rich. But in Ulster, many Unionists were workers who wanted the upper class to have less power.

In 1912 some people in Parliament tried again to get Home Rule. About 500,000 Unionists in Ulster signed a petition against Home Rule called the Ulster Convenant. They also formed an army called the Ulster Volunteers. Irish Nationalists formed an army called the Irish Volunteers. By 1914, the government was too worried about World War I to think about Home Rule. Both Nationalists and Unionists fought in British military units in World War I.

In 1916, there was a rebellion by Irish people who wanted to be independent. Britain stopped it quickly but many Irish were angry. They elected Sinn Féin, an independence party, to most Irish seats in Parliament. Sinn Féin members refused to go to London to join Parliament. Instead they started a new assembly in Dublin called the Dáil Éireann (or Dáil). Sinn Féin said that Ireland was now independent. In 1918 they organized the Irish Volunteers into the Irish Republican Army (IRA). From 1919-1921, the IRA fought a war against the British (Irish War of Independence) to be a separate country. In 1920 the British government decided to divide Ireland into Southern Ireland (The Provisional Government), which was about 5/6 of the island, and Northern Ireland. The Dáil and Britain signed a treaty in 1922 to make Southern Ireland into the Irish Free State. It was still connected to the UK, but it had more freedom. However, the IRA wanted to fully leave the UK. They fought a war (Irish Civil War) against the Irish Free State government. The IRA stopped fighting in 1923.

Northern Ireland was governed by the Ulster Unionist Party from 1922-1972. James Craig, its first prime minister, said it was a Protestant country. The Irish Free State got a new constitution in 1937, which created its government. In 1949, Ireland left the British Commonwealth and became the Republic of Ireland (sometimes just called Ireland). In 1969, violence was growing in Northern Ireland between the Nationalist Catholics and Unionist Protestants. The Provisional IRA formed to defend Catholics and unite Ireland. From 1969 until 1998, there was constant fighting (The Troubles) between the Provisional IRA and the UK Army.

In 1998, Irish voters approved the Belfast Agreement, or Good Friday Agreement, which meant they agreed that Northern Ireland would stay in the United Kingdom. Northern Ireland could join the Republic of Ireland if more than half of voters wanted to. The agreement also created councils where ministers from both parts of Ireland worked together. Northern Ireland got a new government in 1998.

During most of the 20th century (1900-1999), the Republic of Ireland was over 90% Catholic. The people and the government were socially conservative. Divorce, contraceptives, and abortions were not allowed until the late 20th century. In 1927 the Republic of Ireland government created the Electricity Supply Board to manage electricity. By the 1960s, 80% of rural families had electricity. The Single Electricity Market was created in 2007 to supply all of Ireland.

The Republic of Ireland and the UK joined the European Economic Community, which became the European Union (EU), in 1973. In the 1990s, the Republic of Ireland became part of the European Single Market. People are allowed to travel and sell things between countries in the European Single Market. In the late 20th century the economy grew quickly, and changed from mostly farming to mostly services and industry. The UK, including Northern Ireland, left the European Union in 2020, but the UK and the Republic of Ireland agreed not to control border crossings.

Beaujeu, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Beaujeu is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.

Bellaffaire

Bellaffaire is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Practical High School

Practical High School Sikatiya, a school in Sikatiya, Siwan, Bihar, India. It was established in 1941 during British raj or six year before Indian independence as a private school by late. Saryug Saran Dev but after a period, He handed it over to Bihar Government and it affiliated to the Bihar School Examination Board, Patna, Bihar but, still counted as one of the old schools in Maharajaganj block of Siwan district. The School code as per Bihar Education Government is 92096. late. Saryug Saran Dev was the first principal and also the founder of school. But at present time Mr. Rajeshwar Singh is the Principal of this school.


The school has own library in its building. The provided facility is available to those students who are studying in the school and allow to use library during the school hours. library includes different varieties of books from Historical to Modern. All classes are provided with at least one library period per week.

The school laboratories include physics lab, chemistry lab, biology lab, maths lab and audio–visual hall.

The campus includes a full-sized playground with football field, cricket pitches for net practices, kho-kho and also kabaddi courts.

The school doesn't have any transport services yet.


Faculty includes a total of 12 male teachers and a female teacher, there're 03 teachers above age 55 and 11 teachers are graduate and above, 12 teachers with professional qualifications.
And PHS has 06 non teaching staff members.

Amount of Ratio between Student-teacher in PHS is 82, between student-classroom is 177,
and ratio between girls-boys enrollment is 1.27 hence,
The percencange of girls enrollment becomes 55.97.

The school is affiliated to BSEB (Bihar School Examination Board) with affiliation No. 92096 up to secondary level onwards. The U-DISE (Unified District Information System for Education) code for PHS is 10161003904. The school consists of grades from 9 to 12. It doesn't have pre-primary section along with its secondary grades.

The school has its own building including three blocks girls, boys, office and Administrative. No any class or room is for instructional purpose. School has separate rooms for teacher and principal, and for those girls students of ninth class who belongs to a Scheduled Caste and Tribe, recently a hostel has been opened for these students after two years. In this girl's hostel, free copies, books and pens have been provided free of cost to all the 100 girls and their daily and beauty material is also provided free of cost. Along with reading in school, they have been provided with all levels of sports material. A large boundary surrounds the whole school including its playground along its perimeter. The source of drinking water is handpump and it is functional.

Yemenite architecture

Yemenite architecture is the name of the Architecture style of Yemen from the Pre-Islamic period until the Islamic period. today. Particularly notable in this style is the design of the buildings in which Islam began to spread in this country. This style of architecture is mainly characterized by the construction of mud bricks and residential buildings in the form of tall towers and sometimes even large boulders intertwined between dwellings. in southern Saudi Arabia some of villages close to the border of Yemen are having an architectural style similar to Yemen.

My Cousin Rachel (movie)

My Cousin Rachel is a 1952 American romantic mystery movie directed by Henry Koster and based on the 1951 novel of the same name by Daphne du Maurier. It stars Olivia de Havilland, Richard Burton, Audrey Dalton, Ronald Squire, George Dolenz and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1953.


You Can't Run Away from It

You Can't Run Away from It is a 1956 American musical comedy movie directed by Dick Powell and starring June Allyson, Jack Lemmon, Charles Bickford, Jim Backus, Allyn Joslyn, Henry Youngman, The Four Aces. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Raintree County

Raintree County is a 1957 American romance movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1948 novel of the same name by Ross Lockridge Jr.. It stars Elizabeth Taylor, Montgomery Clift, Eva Marie Saint, Lee Marvin, Rod Taylor, Walter Abel and were distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for four Academy Awards in 1958.


Guadalupe bass

The Guadalupe bass (Micropterus treculii) is a species of fish. It is found in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a rare type of fish. It is found in rivers such as the Guadalupe River. As of 2023, it is a near-threatened species.

Blackboard Jungle

Blackboard Jungle is a 1955 American drama movie directed by Richard Brooks and based on the novel of the same name by Evan Hunter. It stars Glenn Ford, Sidney Poitier, Vic Morrow, Anne Francis, Louis Calhern, Paul Mazursky, Jamie Farr and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for four Academy Awards.

The Adventures of Quentin Durward

The Adventures of Quentin Durward, also known as Quentin Durward, is a 1955 British American adventure movie directed by Richard Thorpe and based on the 1923 novel of the same name by Sir Walter Scott. It stars Robert Taylor, George Cole, Kay Kendall, Robert Morley, John Carson, Harcourt Williams and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Wyoming (1940 movie)

Wyoming is a 1940 American western movie directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Wallace Berry, Leo Carrillo, Ann Rutherford, Lee Bowman, Chill Wills, Henry Travers. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Beynes, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

The Asse River forms the commune's northern border.

Bras-d'Asse

Bras-d'Asse is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

The Asse River flows through the commune.

Braux, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Ubaye-Serre-Ponçon

Ubaye-Serre-Ponçon is a commune in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, southeastern France. It was formed on 1 January 2017 from the merger of the former communes of La Bréole (the seat) and Saint-Vincent-les-Forts.

La Brillanne

La Brillanne is a commune in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in southeastern France.

Brunet, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Le Brusquet

Le Brusquet is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

The Bléone flows southwest through the middle of the commune.

The Year of Living Dangerously (movie)

The Year of Living Dangerously is a 1983 Australian American romantic drama movie. It was based on the novel of the same name by Christopher Koch. It is about a journalist Guy Hamilton (Mel Gibson), who arrives in Jakarta, Indonesia, He has difficulty making contacts. He forms a friendship with dwarf photographer Billy Kwan (Linda Hunt), through whom he meets British diplomat Jill Bryant (Sigourney Weaver). Bryant falls for Hamilton, and she gives him key information about an approaching Communist uprising. As the city becomes more dangerous, Hamilton stays to pursue the story. However, he faces more threats as he gets closer to the government.

Crossfire (movie)

Crossfire is a 1947 American crime drama movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and based on the 1945 novel "The Brick Foxhole" by Richard Brooks. It stars Robert Young, Robert Mitchum, Robert Ryan, Gloria Grahame, Paul Kelly, Sam Levene, Lex Barker and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1948.


Castellane

Castellane is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France. With about 1,600 people, Castellane is the least-populated sub-prefecture in France.

Le Castellard-Mélan

Le Castellard-Mélan is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Le Castellet, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Le Castellet is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

The Asse River forms part of the commune's southern border.

Castellet-lès-Sausses

Céreste

Céreste is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

The river Calavon forms the commune's northern and northwestern borders.

Le Chaffaut-Saint-Jurson

Le Chaffaut-St-Jurson is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

The Bléone forms the commune's northwestern border.

The D8, D12 and D17 roads pass through the commune.

Champtercier

Champtercier is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Zarina (artist)

Zarina Hashmi (16 July 1937 – 25 April 2020), known professionally as Zarina, was an Indian-American artist and printmaker. She worked in New York City. Her work focused in drawing, printmaking, and sculpture. Her works were involved with the Minimalist movement. She was born in Aligarh, United Provinces, British Raj. Zarina was a board member of the New York Feminist Art Institute.

Zarina died in London from problems of Alzheimer's disease on 25 April 2020, aged 83.


Renee Amoore

Renee Amoore R.N. (January 24, 1953 – May 5, 2020) was an American health care activist and politician. She was the founder and president of The Amoore Group, Inc. Amoore was born in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. She was elected to Pennsylvania's Republican State Committee in 1992 and became its deputy chair in 1996.

Amoore spoke on the third night of the Republican National Convention on September 3, 2008.

Amoore died on May 5, 2020 in Philadelphia, aged 67.


Monuments, Fine Arts, and Archives program

The Monuments, Fine Arts, and Archives program under the Civil Affairs and Military Government Sections of the Allied armies was created in 1943 to help protect cultural property in war areas during and after World War II. 

The group of about 400 service members and civilians worked with military forces to protect and save historic and cultural monuments from war damage. They also tried to find and return works of art and other items of cultural importance that had been stolen by the Nazis.

Many of the men and women of the MFAA, also known as Monuments Men.

Alfred &quot;Uganda&quot; Roberts

Alfred "Uganda" Roberts (April 8, 1943 – May 5, 2020) was an American conga-percussion player. She was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. As a young musician he performed with Professor Longhair. He would continue to work with until Longhair's death. He also performed with Dr. John. 

Roberts died in New Orleans on May 5, 2020 of lung cancer, aged 77.


Michael McClure

Michael McClure (October 20, 1932 – May 4, 2020) was an American poet, playwright, critic, songwriter, and novelist. He became known as one of the five poets (including Allen Ginsberg) who read at the famous San Francisco Six Gallery reading in 1955. 

He was one of the inspirations for Jack Kerouac's "The Dharma Bums". He soon became a key member of the Beat Generation. A character named "Pat McLear" is inspired by him in Kerouac's "Big Sur".

McClure was born in Marysville, Kansas. He studied at Municipal University of Wichita, the University of Arizona and San Francisco State College. He spent his career in San Francisco.

McClure died of stroke-related problems on May 4, 2020 in Oakland, California, aged 87.


Bill Parcells

Duane Charles "Bill" Parcells (born August 22, 1941), also known as "The Big Tuna", is an American football coach. He was a head coach in the National Football League (NFL) for 19 seasons. 

He is best known as the head coach of the New York Giants, which he led to two Super Bowl titles. Parcells later was the head coach of the New England Patriots, New York Jets, and Dallas Cowboys.

For a short time, he played for the Detroit Lions in 1964.

Parcells was born in Englewood, New Jersey. He studied at Wichita State University.

Haworth, New Jersey

Haworth ( ) is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 3,343.

China Gate (movie)

China Gate is a 1957 American action movie directed and written by Samuel Fuller and starring Gene Barry, Angie Dickinson, Nat King Cole, Lee Van Cleef and George Givot. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Angela Nicole Walker

Angela Nicole Walker (born January 19, 1974) is an American school bus driver and labor organizer. Walker is the vice-presidential nominee of the Socialist Party USA for the 2020 election. She is also Howie Hawkins' running mate for the Green Party nomination. They were the vice-presidential nominee of the Socialist Party USA for the 2016 election. 

Walker previously ran in 2014 as an independent socialist for sheriff of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. In May 2020, a Green Party candidate for President, Howie Hawkins, announced that Walker was his choice for running-mate.

Doug Collins (politician)

Douglas Allen Collins (born August 16, 1966) is an American politician. He was the United States Representative from Georgia's 9th congressional district from 2013 to 2021. He was a Republican member of the Georgia House of Representatives.

In 2020, he announced his candidacy for the 2020 U.S. Senate election, challenging incumbent Republican Senator Kelly Loeffler. He came in last place, losing to both Loeffler and to Democrat Raphael Warnock.


Gainesville, Georgia

The city of Gainesville is the county seat of Hall County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 42,296.

Bad Day at Black Rock

Bad Day at Black Rock is a 1955 American psychological thriller movie directed by John Sturges and based on the 1947 short story by Howard Breslin. It stars Spencer Tracy, Robert Ryan, Anne Francis, Dean Jagger, Walter Brennan, Ernest Borgnine, Lee Marvin and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1956.


Hall County, Georgia

Hall County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 203,136. The county seat is Gainesville.

Our Girl Friday

Our Girl Friday is a 1953 British romantic comedy movie directed by Noel Langley and is based on the 1934 novel "The Cautious Amorist" by Norman Lindsay. It stars George Cole, Kenneth Moore, Joan Collins, Robertson Hare, Felix Felton and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Mogambo

Mogambo is a 1953 American British romantic adventure movie directed by John Ford is based on the play "Red Dust" by Wilson Collison and had been previously filmed in 1932. It stars Clark Gable, Ava Gardner, Grace Kelly, Donald Sinden and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1954.


Straight Shooting

Straight Shooting is a 1917 American western movie. It was directed by John Ford. Actors include Harry Carey, Hoot Gibson, George Berrell, and Molly Malone. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

A Day at the Races (movie)

A Day at the Roses is a 1937 American comedy movie directed by Sam Wood and stars The Marx Brothers, Allan Jones, Maureen O'Sullivan, Margaret Dumont. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1938.


Nadine Coyle

Nadine Elizabeth Coyle (born 15 June 1985) is an Irish singer, actress, and model. She is a singer of the United Kingdom-based all-female pop music band Girls Aloud.

Café Metropole

Café Metropole is a 1937 American romantic comedy movie directed by Edward H. Griffith and based on the original story by Gregory Ratoff (who also stars). It stars Loretta Young, Tyrone Power, Adolphe Menjou, Helen Westley and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Heidi Range

Heidi India Range (born 23 May 1983 in Liverpool) is an English singer-songwriter and actress. She was a member of the British girl group Sugababes.

Adventure's End

Adventure's End is a 1937 American adventure movie directed by Arthur Lubin and starring John Wayne, Diana Gibson, Montagu Love, Maurice Black, Cameron Hall. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Rotimi (actor)

Olurotimi Akinosho (born November 30, 1988), known professionally as Rotimi, is an American actor, singer, and model. As an actor, he starred on the Starz original drama series "Boss" as Darius Morrison and also starred on "Power" as Andre Coleman. Rotimi is the founder and chief executive officer (CEO) of FrontRoSeat productions. 

He is of Yoruba and Igbo descents. His parents are both Nigerian. 

Back to Bataan

Back to Bataan is a 1945 American World War II war drama movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and starring John Wayne, Anthony Quinn, Richard Loo, Lawrence Tierney, Fely Franquelli. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Sikatiya

Sikatiya or Siktia is a large village located in Maharajganj or Lakri Nabiganj Block of Siwan district belonging to Saran divison, It is the 15th biggest village by area in the sub district by holding a total area of 2km².

Sikatiya is the 15th largest village by area and 17th most populous village in its subdistrict is situated 35km east towards Siwan district with the distance of about 100 km far from its State Capital, Patna. The village comes under Dumra panchayat Lakri Nabiganj is the sub district head quarter and the distance from the village is 8 km. In the centre of village there exists a large pond and at the banks of this pond, "Chhath Puja Ghat" is there. The total geographical area of this village is 2km². The internal roads of the village are constructed with fully Plain Cement Concrete (PCC). The nearest major road at the distance of less than 1 km is Siwan-Sonpur Road. Nearest river to this village on western side at a distance of about 2 km is Ghaghara Chhoti Gandak which is a tributary of Ghaghara River. Geographically, this village is situated at coordinates of 26.2457 north and 84.6342 west.

As of 2011, census of India, the number of families residing in this village is 571. The Sikatiya village has population of 3075 of which 1555 are males while 1520 are females as per Population Census 2011. This village has 493 children (boys = 258); (girls = 235) in the age group of 0–6 years which makes up 16.03% of total population of village. Average Sex ratio of Sikatiya village is 977 which is higher than Bihar state average of 918 and is good statistic. Child Sex Ratio for the Sikatiya village as per census(2011) is 911, higher than Bihar average of 935. It is one of the major villages of Maharajganj Block of Siwan district.

Sikatiya village is merely good in terms of education. As of 2011 census of India, Sikatiya village has higher literacy rate compared to Bihar. In 2011, literacy rate of this village was 77.27% compared to 61.80% of Bihar. The male literacy stands at 88.28% while female literacy rate was 66.15%. This village has a very old and famous school Practical High School which was founded by Saryug Saran Dev in 1941, currently this school is upgraded from Middle School (up to 6th standard) to higher Secondary School Certificate (up to 12th standard). Now this school provides for Secondary Education to the students not only of this village but also of its various neighbouring villages. Addition to this, many people of this village are well educated like Graduates and Post-Graduates in Arts, Engineering, Literature and Science.

The local languages are Bhojpuri language and Hindi as well. There are people of various castes like Brahmins, Baitha(Dhobi), Gondi people(Gond), Rajbhar, Ram (Harijan), Rawat etc. But majority of koeri or kushwaha community. Despite of such a great diversity, there is 'fraternity and brotherhood' among the residents. There are some temples of Hindu deities like Goddesses Maa Kali and Shiv mandir etc. The number of employed people of Sikatiya village is more than 150 working in Govt. sectors like Indian Railways, Teaching, Defence etc., Private sectors including their own businesses and also working in Indian and Foreign companies as well. The major section of this village is also dependent on agriculture for its livelihood. The agriculture includes farming like cultivation of paddy, wheat, millets, maize etc. and domestication of animals. The major sports played by the youth of this village are cricket and football. There is software company in Sikatiya bazar called Zrconium (www.zrconium.com). Zrconium is into web designing and software development. Zrconium makes your website and mobile application for your business.

Peoples of Sikatiya are broadminded. There are homoeopathic doctors at Siktiya Bazar. Also, there are so many Gov. officers, Army man, High Court judge, Police officers, Daroga, Engineers, Architects, Businessman, Teachers, College professors, Scholars etc. Sikatiya have a very old history.

St. Lunatics

The St. Lunatics was a hip hop group. It was formed in 1993 in St. Louis. The group members were hometown buddies and rappers Nelly (born Cornell Haynes Jr.), Ali (born Ali Jones), (born Tohri Harper), Kyjuan (born Robert Kyjuan Cleveland), and (born Lavell Webb). 

They came out with their local hit "Gimme What U Got" in 1997. Next, they were signed to Universal Records. Then, they appeared on Nelly's solo album "Country Grammar". While Nelly was working on "Country Grammar", City Spud was arrested in 1999 and was sentenced to 10 years in prison for robbery. The group released their first album "Free City" in 2001. It included hits such as "Summer In The City" and "Midwest Swing". Then, Ali released his solo album "Heavy Starch" in 2002 and Murphy Lee released his solo album "Murphy's Law" in 2003. 

Dakota (movie)

Dakota is a 1945 American western movie directed by Joseph Kane and starring John Wayne, Ward Bond, Walter Brennan, Mike Mazurki, George Cleveland, Jack La Rue. It was distributed by Republic Pictures.


Welcome, Mr. Washington

Welcome, Mr. Washington is a 1944 British drama movie directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Barbara Mullen, Donald Stewart, Peggy Cummins, Beatrice Varley, George Carney. It was distributed by Anglo-American Film Corporation.

Beyond the Rocks (1922 movie)

Beyond the Rocks is a 1922 American romantic drama movie directed by Sam Wood and based on the 1906 novel of the same name by Elinor Glyn. It stars Rudolph Valentino, Gloria Swanson, Edythe Chapman, Robert Bolder, June Elvidge and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Tourniquet

A tourniquet is a tightly-compressed bandage used to stop bleeding. A tourniquet does this by stopping the flow of blood through a large artery in a limb.
It can be made from clothing or any tightly-compressible material in the case of an emergency.

Love, Life and Laughter

Love, Life and Laughter is a 1923 British drama movie directed by George Pearson and starring Betty Balfour, Frank Stanmore, Annie Esmond, Nancy Price, Sydney Fairbrother.

Brown of Harvard (1926 movie)

Brown of Harvard is a 1926 American sports drama movie directed by Jack Conway and based on the play of the same name by Ride Johnson Young. It stars Jack Pickford, William Haines, Mary Brian, Francis X. Bushman Jr., Edward Connelly, John Wayne and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Bardelys the Magnificent

Bardelys the Magnificent is a 1926 American romantic drama movie directed by King Vidor and based on the 1906 novel of the same name by Rafael Sabatini. It stars John Gilbert, Eleanor Boardman, Lionel Belmore, Arthur Lubin, Emily Fitzroy, John Wayne, Edward Connelly, Theodore von Eltz and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Ilya Prusikin

Ilya Vladimirovich Pruskin is a Russian singer/songwriter in the punk pop band Little Big.

2018 Stanley Cup Finals

The 2018 Stanley Cup Finals was between two NHL teams: the Washington Capitals and the Las Vegas Golden Knights. The Capitals won the series 4 games to 1 to win their first cup of the franchise. They were led by Washington captain, Alexander Ovechkin.

Old Ford

Old Ford is an area in East London. It is in the borough of Tower Hamlets, in London, United Kingdom.

Ksawery Jasieński

Ksawery Jan Jasieński (born 13 September 1931) is a Polish radio speaker and voice artist. H has worked as a voice-over actor in numerous radio and television programmes. He is also known as the person whose voice is used to announce station names in the Warsaw Metro underground system.

Magdalena Jasek

Magdalena Jasek is a Polish fashion model.

She started her career at the early age of 14 when he started shooting with Marilyn Agency. During her school years she only worked in Paris for haute couture shows. After she got her visa then she started doing international fashion weeks. She has walked for designers like Marc Jacobs, Alexander McQueen, Balenciaga, Louis Vuitton,Kenzo, Saint Laurent, Valentino, Maison Margiela, Giambattista Valli, Rag & Bone, Calvin Klein, Giorgio Armani, Givenchy, and Fendi.

Michal Urbaniak

Michał Urbaniak (born January 22, 1943) is a Polish jazz musician. He plays violin, lyricon, and saxophone. His music includes elements of folk music, rhythm and blues, hip hop, and symphonic music.

Urbaniak started his music education during high school in Łódź, Poland. When he was in Warsaw he took violin classes from Tadeusz Wroński. He first performed with a Dixieland band and later with Zbigniew Namysłowski. Later he was invited to play with Andrzej Trzaskowski and toured the United States in 1962 with the Andrzej Trzaskowski band. He has played in various festivals and clubs in Newport, San Francisco, Chicago, Washington, D.C., and New York City, and more.

Urszula Dudziak

Urszula Bogumiła Dudziak-Urbaniak (born 22 October 1943) is a Polish jazz vocalist. She has worked with Krzysztof Komeda, Michał Urbaniak (her ex-husband), Gil Evans, Archie Shepp, and Lester Bowie. In 2007, her 1970s song "Papaya" gained widespread popularity in Asia and Latin America.

Dudziak was born in Straconka which is now a neighborhood of Bielsko-Biała in Poland. She studied piano, but began to sing in the late 50s after hearing records by Ella Fitzgerald. Within a few years she became one of the most popular jazz artists in Poland. She met and later married Michał Urbaniak.

Sicarii

Sicarii were killers who were a splinter group of the Zealots during the time leading up to the destruction of Jerusalem by the Roman General Titus. Their name derives from a work that means "dagger". They hid in groups of people who supported Roman rule and then pulled their daggers and killed people. Then they ran away and hid. Judas Iscariot, one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus in the New Testament, was believed by some to be a sicarius.

Tennessee Democratic Party

The Tennessee Democratic Party is the Tennessee affiliate of the Democratic Party.

The party´s chairperson is Mary Mancini.

Andrew Jackson founded the Democratic Party in the 1820s. Jackson himself hailed from Tennessee, and thus Tennessee may be said to have been the founding region of the Democratic Party. In 1828, Jackson was elected president, becoming both the first Democrat and the first Tennessean to do so. He won over 95 percent of the vote in Tennessee. In 1844, Tennessee Democrat James K Polk, a Jackson protege, was elected president. By the late 1850s, Tennessee, a slave-state, was dominated by Democrats. In 1856, in fact, the antislavery Republican party was not even on the ballot in Tennessee.

Tennessee seceded from the Union along with 10 other southern states, in 1861. It was one of the last states to do so. It was quickly recaptured by the Union.

Cong. Andrew Johnson, D-TN, was named governor of Tennessee by President Lincoln. In 1864, Lincoln chose Johnson (a Tennessean) as his running mate for President. Following Lincoln´s reelection, Johnson was sworn in as vice-president. After Lincoln´s assassination in 1865, Johnson became the 17th US president. Johnson was very unpopular, however. In 1868 he became the first US President to be impeached, and his removal from office failed by just one vote.

Following the Civil War, the thousands of slaves in Tennessee were liberated, and due to the 15th Amendment given the right to vote. However, around that same period, the Klu Klux Klan was founded in Tennessee. It, along with other such groups, suppressed many African-Americans from voting. Although Democrats initially controlled Tennessean politics, their grasp was not as strong as it was throughout the rest of the south, and by the 20th century, Tennessee was more of a swing state.

Democrats have lost the majority the once had in Tennessee.

In 2000, the Democrats nominated for president, Al Gore. If elected Gore would have been the fourth Tennessean Democrat to be president. But Gore lost the Electoral College very narrowly. He would have won it had he won his home state of Tennessee: Tennessee supported the Republican candidate, George W Bush. The election was a surefire sign Tennessee was growing more and more conservative.

In 2016 Tennessee again showed how conservative it had grown when it voted for Republican Donald Trump by 26 percent.

Democrats hold just 28 of the 99 seats in the Tennessee House. Their leader is Karen Camper.

Democrats control just seven of the 33 seats in the Tennessee Senate. One of these seven members, and the leader of Democrats, is Jeff Yarbro.

Tennessee has nine seats in the United States House of Representatives. Of these, just two are held by Democrats. These Democrats are: Steve Cohen, and Jim Cooper.

Democrats last held a majority of the Tennessee seats in the US House in 2009. In 2010 Republicans won a majority, and have kept it to date.

Neither of the two US Senate seats from Tennessee is held by Democrats.


Souls (series)

The Souls series is a series of action RPGs made by Hidetaka Miyazaki and FromSoftware. The games in the series are "Demon's Souls" and the three "Dark Souls" games. King's Field, Bloodborne, and are similarly made games also made by From Software, but they not part of the series. The games are made cheaply, which allowed the games to make a lot of money even if they did not sell as well as some other games. Below are the features in all the games.


Dark Souls

Dark Souls is an action RPG made by Hidetaka Miyazaki and FromSoftware. It is the sequel to "Demon's Souls".

The game is very similar to its prequel, but there were also many changes made.


"Dark Souls" became successful and FromSoftware made two sequels and three spiritual successors, "Bloodborne," , and Elden Ring. The game became so popular that other video game companies made high difficulty action RPG's similar to "Dark Souls". 

Oxygen therapy

Oxygen therapy, also called supplemental oxygen, is when oxygen gas (O) is used for medical treatment by giving the gas to the patient for inhalation. It can be used for ilnesses like hypoxia, carbon monoxide toxicity, and cluster headaches. It can be used over a long time for people who suffer with illnesses that lower oxygen levels in the blood like COPD and cystic fibrosis. It can be given in a few different ways such as through a nasal cannula, face mask, or inside a hyperbaric chamber. Oxygen levels need to be high enough for respiration to keep a patient healthy and for normal cell metabolism.

Urban structure

Urban structure It is the order of organization of planning areas and of land use within the cities and sometimes even smaller towns.








Together at Home

Together at Home (also known as One World: Together at Home) was a virtual concert series organised by Global Citizen and curated by singer Lady Gaga, in support of the World Health Organization. 

The Wackiest Ship In the Army

The Wackiest Ship In the Army is a 1960 American World War II comedy movie directed by Richard Murphy and based on the 1956 story "Big Fella Wash-Wash" by Herbert Carlson. It stars Jack Lemmon, Ricky Nelson, Chips Rattray, Tom Tully, John Lund and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was made into a TV series in 1965.


An Affair to Remember

An Affair to Remember is a 1957 American romance movie directed by Leo McCarey and starring Cary Grant, Deborah Kerr, Richard Denning, Neva Patterson, Cathleen Nesbitt. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1958. It is a remake of the 1939 movie "Love Affair".


Forty Guns

Forty Guns is a 1957 American western movie directed by Samuel Fuller and starring Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan, Gene Barry, Robert Dix, Dean Jagger, John Ericson, Chuck Hayward, Chuck Roberson. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Demon's Souls

Demon's Souls is an action RPG on the Playstation 3 video game console made by Hidetaka Miyazaki and FromSoftware. It is the first game in the "Souls" series of video games. It is known for being a very hard game. Its difficulty was liked and disliked by many people. The gameplay has some similar features to FromSfotware's earlier game, "King's Field," like exploring for armor and weapons, having a high difficulty, and having timing-based fighting, but it is different because "Demon's Souls" has a third-person point of view.

The idea of the game was created some time before the game came out, but many workers in FromSoftware did not think the game would be popular. However, when Miyazaki began working for From, he picked up the project and made "Demon's Souls" into a game. Since From was a little-known video game developer and they thought the game would not sell well anyway, From had a lot of freedom of making the game they wanted to make, as they did not have to remove a lot of features to please video game publishers. Surprisingly, "Demon's Souls" sold many more copies and became much more popular than From thought. It would be popular enough to make three sequels and two spiritual successors, "Bloodborne" and .

Rockabilly Baby

Rockabilly Baby is a 1957 American musical movie directed by William F. Claxton and starring Virginia Field, Douglas Kennedy, Irene Ryan, Ellen Corby, Frank Sully, Marlene Willis. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

FromSoftware

FromSoftware, Inc. is a Japanese video game developer that made video games like the "Souls" series, "Bloodborne", and "". Games that the company made before the "Souls" series include the "King's Field" series and the "Armored Core" series. The company has been lead by Hidetaka Miyazaki, the leader of the "Demon's Souls" team, since "Demon's Souls" became popular.

Hidetaka Miyazaki

After university, Miyazaki would be an account manager for the US company Oracle Corporation until he was 29. This was because after playing the game "Ico", he decided to quit his job to become a game designer. Due to his age and lack of experience, very few companies would hire him. However, he got a job from FromSoftware and became the leading designer for some of the "Armored Core" games. While FromSoftware had ideas for "Demon's Souls", the idea was put away because no one thought the game would be popular. However, Miyazaki liked the idea and lead the development team. "Demon's Souls" would become so popular that FromSoftware would become a well-known video game company, and Miyazaki would later take over the company.

Johnny Apollo (movie)

Johnny Apollo is a 1940 American crime drama movie directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Tyrone Power, Dorothy Lamour, Edward Arnold, Lloyd Nolan. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Heritage of the Desert (1932 movie)

Heritage of the Desert is a 1932 American western movie directed by Henry Hathaway and is based on the novel of the same name by Zane Grey and is the second version of the novel. It stars Randolph Scott, Sally Blane, J. Farrell MacDonald, David Landau and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Big Trail

The Big Trail is a 1930 American romantic western movie directed by Raoul Walsh and starring John Wayne, Marguerite Churchill, Tyrone Power, Sr., El Brendel, Tully Marshall, Frederick Burton, Ian Keith. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Cherry, Harry &amp; Raquel!

Cherry, Harry & Raquel! is a 1969 American action comedy movie directed by Russ Meyer and starring Charles Napier, Larissa Ely, Linda Ashton, Uschi Digard. It was distributed by Panamint Films.


Casa Grande, Arizona

Casa Grande (O'odham: "Wainom Wo:g") is a city in Pinal County, halfway between Phoenix and Tucson in the U.S. state of Arizona. The population of the city is 53,658 as of 2020. "Casa Grande" is Spanish for "big house".

Millie Small

Millicent Dolly May Small (6 October 1946 – 5 May 2020) was a Jamaican singer-songwriter. She was best known for her 1964 song "My Boy Lollipop". It reached number two in both the UK Singles Chart and the US "Billboard" Hot 100. She was born in Clarendon, Jamaica.

Small died on 5 May 2020 of a stroke in London, aged 73.

My Boy Lollipop

"My Boy Lollipop" (originally "My Girl Lollypop") is a song written in the mid-1950s by Robert Spencer of the doo-wop group The Cadillacs. It was first recorded in New York in 1956 by Barbie Gaye. A later version, recorded in 1964 by Jamaican teenager Millie Small, with very similar rhythm, became one of the top selling ska songs of all time.


Nahum Rabinovitch

Rabbi Nahum Eliezer Rabinovitch (; 1928 – May 6, 2020) was a Canadian-born Israeli Orthodox rabbi and posek. He was the head of Yeshivat Birkat Moshe in Ma'ale Adumim. He was born in Montreal, Canada. In 2015 he led the Giyur K'halacha conversion court, of which he was one of the founders.

Rabinovitch died on May 6, 2020 at the age of 92.

Florian Schneider

Florian Schneider-Esleben (7 April 1947 21 April 2020) was a German electronic singer and musician. He was best known as one of the founding members of the electronic band Kraftwerk. He was born in present-day Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

David Bowie named a song after Schneider in 1977. Schneider retired in 2008, but then came back in 2014 then officially retiring a year later.

Schneider died from cancer on 21 April 2020 in Düsseldorf at the age of 73.

Dmitry Bosov

Dmitry Borisovich Bosov (; March 27, 1968 — May 6, 2020) was a Russian businessman. He was the founder, majority shareholder and Chairman of the Board of Directors of ALLTECH Group. He was Head of Supervisory Board of HC Sibir Novosibirsk from 2008 until his death. He was born in Barnaul, Altai Krai, then Soviet Union.

In 2019, he was ranked 102nd in the Forbes list of richest businessmen in Russia, with a fortune of 950 million dollars. In 2020, he was ranked 1851st in the Forbes list of world’s billionaires, with a fortune of 1.1 billion dollars.

Bosov shot himself on May 6, 2020 at his mansion in Usovo, Moscow Oblast at the age of 52.

The Iron Horse (movie)

The Iron Horse is a 1924 American western movie directed by John Ford and starring George O'Brien, Madge Bellamy, Cyril Chadwick, Will Walling, Francis Powers, J. Farrell MacDonald, Fred Kohler. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Young Rajah

The Young Rajah is a 1922 American romantic drama movie directed by Phil Rosen and based on the novel of the "Amos Judd" by John Ames Mitchell. It stars Rudolph Valentino, Wanda Hawley, Charles Ogle, Fanny Midgley, Josef Swickard, J. Farrell MacDonald, George Field and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Hit the Deck

Hit the Deck is a 1955 American musical movie directed by Roy Rowland and stars Jane Powell, Tony Martin, Debbie Reynolds, Walter Pidgeon, Vic Damone, Gene Raymond, Russ Tamblyn. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


VRML

VRML (Virtual Reality Modeling Language, pronounced "vermal", or by its initials, known before 1995 as Virtual Reality Markup Language) is a standard 3-dimensional (3D) interactive vector graphics file format designed for the World Wide Web. It has been succeeded by X3D.

VRML uses text files. The vertices, edges, surface colors, UV-mapped textures, shininess, transparency and more of a 3D polygon can be specified. Graphical components can be made to fetch web pages or other VRML files from the Internet from URLs when the user clicks on the graphical component. Animations, sounds, lighting, and other things about the virtual world can interact with the user or can happen when external events say so, such as timers. A special Script Node allows program code (such as program code in Java or ECMAScript) to be added to a VRML file.

VRML files are commonly called "worlds" and have the .wrl extension (for example, a VRML file can be called island.wrl). VRML files are in plain text and usually compress well using gzip, which is useful to transfer them over the Internet faster (some files compressed using gzip use the .wrz extension). Many 3D modeling programs can save objects and scenes in VRML format.

The Web3D Consortium was started to develop the format further. The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) have made VRML and its successor, X3D, international standards.

The first version of VRML was specified in November 1994. It was specified from, and looked a lot like, the API and file format of the Open Inventor software component, originally developed by SGI. The development of version 2.0 was guided by the ad-hoc VRML Architecture Group (VAG). A working draft was published in August 1996. Formal collaboration between the VAG and SC24 of ISO began in 1996, and VRML 2.0 was submitted to ISO to be used as an international standard. The current and functionally complete version is VRML97 (ISO/IEC 14772-1:1997). X3D (ISO/IEC 19775-1) has succeeded VRML.

Dave Raggett created the term VRML in a paper he wrote called “Extending WWW to support Platform Independent Virtual Reality”, which was submitted to the First World Wide Web Conference in 1994, and first discussed at the WWW94 VRML BOF, which Tim Berners-Lee started. There, Mark Pesce showed the Labyrinth demo he developed with Tony Parisi and Peter Kennard. VRML was introduced to a wider audience in the SIGGRAPH Course, VRML: Using 3D to Surf the Web in August 1995. In October 1995, at Internet World, Template Graphics Software (TGS) demonstrated a 3D/VRML plug-in for the beta release of Netscape 2.0 by Netscape Communications.

In 1997, a new version of VRML, VRML97 (also known as VRML2 or VRML 2.0), was finalized, and became an ISO standard. VRML97 was used on the Internet on some personal homepages and sites, such as "CyberTown", which used Blaxxun Software to allow 3D chat to be possible. SGI's Cosmo Software supported the format. When SGI restructured in 1998, the division was sold to the VREAM Division of Platinum Technology, which was then taken over by Computer Associates, which did not develop or distribute the software. Because of that, various proprietary Web 3D formats came out over the next few years, including Microsoft Chrome and Adobe Atmosphere, neither of which is supported today. VRML's capabilities were mostly the same while realtime 3D graphics kept improving. The VRML Consortium changed its name to the Web3D Consortium, and began work on the successor to VRML, which is X3D.

SGI ran a web site at vrml.sgi.com that hosted a string of regular short performances of a character called "Floops", who was a VRML character in a VRML world. A company called "Protozoa" created Floops.

H-Anim is a standard for animated Humanoids, which is based around VRML, and later X3D. The first version of the H-Anim standard, 1.0, was supposed to be submitted at the end of March 1998.

VRML never saw much serious widespread use, possibly because most users, such as business users and personal users, had low bandwidth and slow dial-up Internet access.

VRML was mostly experimented with in education and research, where an open specification is most valued. It has now been developed into X3D. The MPEG-4 Interactive Profile (ISO/IEC 14496) was based on VRML (now on X3D), and X3D is largely backwards-compatible with it. VRML is also widely used as a file format to distribute 3D models, mostly from CAD systems.

A free version of VRML for multiple platforms called OpenVRML is available. Its libraries can be used to add both VRML and X3D support to applications, and a GTK+ plugin that allows VRML/X3D worlds to be rendered in web browsers is available.

In the 2000s, many companies, such as Bitmanagement, improved the quality level of virtual effects in VRML to the quality level of DirectX 9.0c using proprietary solutions. All main features like game modeling are already complete. They include multi-pass render with low level setting for Z-buffer, BlendOp, AlphaOp, Stencil, Multi-texture, Shader with HLSL and GLSL support, realtime Render To Texture, Multi Render Target (MRT) and PostProcessing. Many demos show VRML supports lightmap, normalmap, SSAO, CSM and Realtime Environment Reflection and other virtual effects.





Chequers

Chequers, or Chequers Court, is the country house of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. It is in Buckinghamshire, England and is about north-west of central London. Chequers has been the country home of the serving Prime Minister since 1921 after the estate was given to the British government by the aristocrat and politician Sir Arthur Lee.

Wrabel

Stephen Wrabel (born 7 January 1989), better known as just Wrabel, is an American singer, songwriter, and musician. He is based in Los Angeles and is signed to Epic Records. Wrabel was invited by Afrojack to perform a song live during Afrojack's show. The track featured Wrabel's vocals and piano playing titled "Ten Feet Tall" and resulted in an international hit. The song was also premiered in the United States with the Bud Light commercial that aired during the 2014 Super Bowl XLVlll and was viewed by around 100 million viewers. This is Wrabel's first big charting hit. He released his debut album on Island Records in 2014. 

2014: "Ten Feet Tall" 

Rock Mafia

Rock Mafia are an American record production/songwriting team including Tim James, Antonina Armato, and Paul Palmer who writes songs from pop music/dance music/rock music artists, who are credited for contributing to some of the most successful pop artists since the early 2000s.

Rock Mafia's sound is a distinctive blend of dance, pop, and rock.

Girlicious

Girlicious were a girl group formed by Robin Antin. The group was composed of Chrystina Sayers, Natalie Mejia, Tiffanie Anderson, and Nichole Cordova.





Jaykae

Jamun Khan (born 23 July 1991), better known by his stage name Jaykae, is an English grime MC and rapper. He was born in Small Heath, Birmingham, England. He performed grime music, hip hop music, and British hip hop. His musical career began in 2008. He is signed to Doing Bits Worldwide Limited and a record label of the same name as his stage name. He has worked with other artists like Stormzy.

Cheer Up and Smile

Cheer Up and Smile is a 1930 American musical movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and stars Arthur Lake, Dixie Lee, Olga Baclanova, Johnny Arthur, John Darrow, John Wayne. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Burna Boy

Damini Ebunoluwa Ogulu (born 2 July 1991), better known by his stage name Burna Boy, is a Nigerian dancehall/reggae singer and songwriter. He was born in Port Harcourt, Nigeria. He performed afro-fusion, afrobeats. He plays the vocals. He started his musical career in 2010. He is signed to Spaceship, Bad Habit, Atlantic Records, and Warner Music Group.

Damini Ogulu was born in Port Harcourt, Nigeria. His father managed a welding company and his mother worked as a translator. His grandfather Benson Idonije once managed Fela Kuti. His mother Bose Ogulu would later become his manager. Ogulu grew up in southern Nigeria and began making his own beats using FruityLoops. He attended Corona Secondary School in Agbara and relocated to London to further his studies.He later studied Media Technology at the University of Sussex, followed by Media Communications and Culture at Oxford Brookes University.

Rough Romance

Rough Romance is a 1930 American adventure western movie directed by A. F. Erickson and stars George O'Brien, Eddie Borden, Antonio Moreno, Roy Stewart, Harry Cording, John Wayne. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Happy Days (1929 movie)

Happy Days is a 1929 American musical movie directed by Benjamin Stoloff and starring Marjorie White, Stuart Erwin, Charles E. Evans, Janet Gaynor, Victor McLaglen, Betty Grable, El Brendel. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


King of Jazz

King of Jazz is a 1930 American musical comedy movie directed by John Murray Anderson and starring Paul Whiteman, John Boles, Laura La Plante, Jeanie Lang, Jeanette Loff, Bing Crosby, Al Rinker, Harry Barris, William T. Kent. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and won an Academy Award in 1930.

Today We Live

Today We Live is a 1933 American World War I romantic drama movie directed by Howard Hawks and is based on the 1932 story "Turnabout" by William Faulkner. It stars Joan Crawford, Gary Cooper, Robert Young, Franchot Tone and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Queen Christina (movie)

Queen Christina is a 1933 American biographical romantic drama movie directed by Rouben Mamoulian and stars Greta Garbo, John Gilbert, Ian Keith, Lewis Stone, C. Aubrey Smith, Reginald Owen. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Nancy Kwan

Nancy Kwan Ka-shen (; born May 19, 1939) is a Hong Kong-born American actress, businesswoman and activist. She was born in British Hong Kong.

Kwan was an important figure in Hollywood accepting actors of Asian ancestry. Kwan's best known roles were "The World of Suzie Wong", "Flower Drum Song", "The Wrecking Crew", "Lt. Robin Crusoe, U.S.N.", "Fate Is the Hunter", "The Main Attraction" and "Drop Dead Darling".

In 1961, Kwan won a Golden Globe Award for her role in "The World of Suzie Wong".

In 1976, she married Norbert Meisel. They had one son, Bernie. He died of AIDS in the 1990s. Kwan retired in 2016.

Pier Angeli

Pier Angeli (19 June 193210 September 1971) was an Italian actress. She was known for her role in the 1951 movie "Teresa", for which she won a Golden Globe Award.

She had one son with Vic Damone, her first husband, and another son with Armando Trovajoli, her second husband. She was born in Cagliari, Sardinia. She had a twin sister actress Marisa Pavan.

Angeli overdosed with barbiturate on 10 September 1971 at her home in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 39.

Marisa Pavan

Marisa Pavan (born Maria Luisa Pierangeli; 19 June 1932 – 6 December 2023) was an Italian actress. She was known as the twin sister of actress Pier Angeli. She was born in Cagliari, Sardinia. 

Her first movie role was in "The Rose Tattoo" (1955). Her performance earned a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She also won the Golden Globe Award.

She also starred in "Diane" (1956), "The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit" (1956), "The Midnight Story" (1957) and "John Paul Jones" (1959).

In 1956, Pavan married French actor Jean-Pierre Aumont. They were married until his death in 2001. They had two sons.

Pavan died on 6 December 2023 at her home in Gassin, France at the age of 91.

The Concorde ... Airport '79

The Concorde... Airport '79 is a 1979 American thriller movie directed by David Lowell Rich and is the final movie in the Airport franchise. It stars Robert Wagner, Alain Delon, Susan Blakely, Sylvia Kristel, George Kennedy, Eddie Albert, Bibi Andersson, Ed Begley Jr., Harry Shearer, Cicely Tyson, Sybil Danning and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was a box office failure.



Bella Darvi

Bajla Węgier (October 23, 1928 – September 11, 1971), better known as Bella Darvi, was a Polish movie actress. She was born in Sosnowiec, Poland. She was known for her role as Richard Widmark's lover in Samuel Fuller's movie "Hell and High Water" (1954).

Darvi was bisexual. She killed herself with carbon monoxide at her home in Monte Carlo, aged 42.

Dana Wynter

Dana Wynter (born Dagmar Winter; 8 June 19315 May 2011) was a German-born English actress. Her best-known movie being "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" (1956). She won a Golden Globe Award. Wynter was born in Berlin.

Wynter died of congestive heart failure on 5 May 2011 in Ojai, California at the age of 69.

Invasion of the Body Snatchers

Invasion of the Body Snatchers is a 1956 American science fiction horror movie produced by Walter Wanger and directed by Don Siegel. It stars Kevin McCarthy and Dana Wynter. It is a black-and-white movie. It was based on Jack Finney's 1954 science fiction novel "The Body Snatchers".

Diane Varsi

Diane Marie Antonia Varsi (February 23, 1938 – November 19, 1992) was an American actress and dancer. She was best known for her roles in "Peyton Place" and "Wild in the Streets". She won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award. Varsi was born in San Mateo, California.

Varsi died on November 19, 1992 in Los Angeles of respiratory failure caused by Lyme disease, aged 54.

Linda Cristal

Linda Cristal (; born Marta Victoria Moya Peggo Burges, February 23, 1934 – June 27, 2020) was an Argentine-American actress. She appeared in many Western movies during the 1950s. She won a Golden Globe Award for her role in the 1958 comedy movie "The Perfect Furlough".

From 1967 to 1971, Cristal starred as Victoria Cannon in the NBC series "The High Chaparral". For her role she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama in 1970, and received two Emmy Award nominations.

Cristal was born in Buenos Aires. She died at her home in Beverly Hills, California on June 27, 2020 at the age of 89.

Janet Munro

Janet Neilson Horsburgh (28 September 1934 – 6 December 1972), known as Janet Munro, was an English actress. She won a Golden Globe Award for her role in the movie "Darby O'Gill and the Little People" (1959). She also appeared in "Life for Ruth" (1962).

Munro starred in three Disney movies: "Darby O'Gill and the Little People" (1959), "Third Man on the Mountain" (1959) and "Swiss Family Robinson" (1960). 

Other best known roles include "The Trollenberg Terror" (1958) and "The Day the Earth Caught Fire" (1961).


List of Priyanka Chopra Jonas performances

This is a list of performances by the Indian actress and singer Priyanka Chopra Jonas.



Wuhan Institute of Virology

The Wuhan Institute of Virology, Chinese Academy of Sciences (WIV) is a research institute. It was designed to study virology. It is run by the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). The institute is in Jiangxia District, Wuhan, Hubei. It opened China's first biosafety level 4 (BSL–4) laboratory in 2015.

In January 2020, conspiracy theories spread which said that the COVID-19 pandemic came from a virus made by the WIV. But scientific evidence says that the virus is natural. One story in the "Washington Post" said that US State Department had raised safety concerns about WIV's research on bat coronaviruses in 2018. In April 2020, U.S. intelligence officials looked into reports the virus may have started by an accident by WIV scientists studying bats.

Experts do not believe the virus escaped from the institute. One expert said that up to seven million people in Southeast Asia are infected each year with bat coronaviruses. He said there are probably only about six people who work with the viruses at the institute. It does not make sense that virus came from one of these of people compared with the millions of other people affected by bats. The staff at the Wuhan Institute of Virology were trained at US labs and follow high safety standards. The evidence shows that this is not a laboratory accident.

The WIV started in 1956 as the Wuhan Microbiology Laboratory under the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). In 1961, it became the South China Institute of Microbiology, and in 1962 was renamed Wuhan Microbiology Institute. In June 1978 it was named Wuhan Institute of Virology.

In 2015, the WIV's National Bio-safety Laboratory was completed at a cost of 300 million yuan ($44 million). It was built with help from the French government's CIRI lab. Some of the money to build the laboratory was given by the U.S. government. 

In 2005, a group including researchers from the Wuhan Institute of Virology published research into the origin of the SARS coronavirus. They found China's horseshoe bats have a lot of SARS-like coronaviruses. Scientists took samples from thousands of horseshoe bats in locations across China, and found over 300 bat coronaviruses.

In 2015, an international team including two scientists from the Institute made a hybrid virus, combining a bat coronavirus with a SARS virus. The SARS virus had been changed to grow in mice and copy human disease. The hybrid virus was able to infect human cells.

In 2017, a team from the Institute found that coronaviruses from horseshoe bats at a cave in Yunnan had all the genetic pieces of the SARS virus. They said this could be the source, and that the human SARS virus probably came from this cave. The team studied the bats for five years. They said there was a village only a kilometer away, and because of this there was the risk of another bat virus like SARS affecting people.

In December 2019, cases of pneumonia linked with an unknown coronavirus were reported to health authorities in Wuhan. The Institute checked its coronavirus collection and found the new virus was 96 percent identical to a sample its researchers had taken from horseshoe bats in southwest China.

A team at the Institute were the first to identify, analyze and name the genetic sequence of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV). They made it available for scientists around the world to study. 

Ina Balin

Ina Balin (née Rosenberg; November 12, 1937 – June 20, 1990) was an American actress. She is best known for her role in the movie "From the Terrace" (1960), for which she won a Golden Globe Award. Balin was born in New York City.

Balin died on June 20, 1990 in New Haven, Connecticut of lung disease, aged 52.

Operation Mad Ball

Operation Mad Ball is a 1957 American comedy movie directed by Richard Quine and written by Blake Edwards. It stars Jack Lemmon, Ernie Kovacs, Arthur O'Connell, Mickey Rooney, Dick York, Jeanne Manet, William Hickey, L. Q. Jones and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Rita Tushingham

Rita Tushingham (born 14 March 1942) is an English actress. She was born in Liverpool. She is known for her starring roles in movies including "A Taste of Honey" (1961), "The Leather Boys" (1964), "The Knack …and How to Get It" (1965), "Doctor Zhivago" (1965), and "Smashing Time" (1967). She has won a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award.

Stopover Tokyo

Stopover Tokyo is a 1957 American Japanese mystery movie directed by Richard L. Breen and based on the novel of the same name by John P. Marquand. It stars Robert Wagner, Joan Collins, Edmond O'Brien, Ken Scott, Larry Keating and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Elke Sommer

Elke Sommer (born Elke Baronin von Schletz; 5 November 1940) is a German actress. She was born in Berlin. She won a Golden Globe Award in 1964. Sommer appeared in almost 100 movies between 1959 and 2005. 

Her best known roles were in "A Shot in the Dark" (1964) with Peter Sellers, "The Art of Love" (1965) with James Garner and Dick Van Dyke, "The Oscar" (1966) with Stephen Boyd, "Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number!" (1966) with Bob Hope, "The Wrecking Crew" (1968) with Dean Martin, and "The Wicked Dreams of Paula Schultz" (1968).


Samsung Galaxy Watch

The Samsung Galaxy Watch is a smartwatch developed by Samsung. It was announced on 9 August 2018. The Galaxy Watch was scheduled for availability in the United States starting on 24 August 2018, at select carriers. It's retail locations in South Korea on 31 August 2018, and in additional select markets on 14 September 2018.

Galaxy Watch Active2 has been released in 2 forms: Bluetooth, and LTE. The LTE version can be a standalone smartphone without the need to be in the vicinity of a phone. With LTE connectivity, a user can call, text, pay, stream music, or stream video without a nearby smartphone.

Olivia Hussey

Olivia Hussey (born Olivia Osuna; 17 April 1951) is an English actress. She played Juliet in Franco Zeffirelli's movie version of "Romeo and Juliet" (1968). She won a Golden Globe for her role. Hussey has three children; including the famous actress India Eisley.

India Eisley

India Joy Eisley (born October 29, 1993) is an American actress. 

She is known for her role as Ashley Juergens in the ABC Family television series "The Secret Life of the American Teenager", and her roles as Eve in 2012 movie "", Sawa in the 2014 movie "Kite", and Audrina in the 2016 television movie "My Sweet Audrina". 

In 2019 she starred as Fauna Hodel on the TNT television series "I Am the Night".

Eisley was born on October 29, 1993, in Los Angeles. Her parents are musician David Glen Eisley and actress Olivia Hussey.

Pallavi Sharda

Pallavi Sharda (born 5 March 1990) is an Australian-Indian actress. She has worked in Hindi movies like "My Name Is Khan", "Dus Tola", "Besharam", "Hawaizaada" and "Begum Jaan".

In 2016, she starred as Prama in the 2016 movie "Lion".

Sharda was born in Perth, but was raised in Melbourne. She later moved to Mumbai for her Bollywood career.

Noomi Rapace

Noomi Rapace (; ; born 28 December 1979) is a Swedish actress. She became well known for her role as Lisbeth Salander in the Swedish movie versions of the "Millennium" series: "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo", "The Girl Who Played with Fire", and "The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest". 

She has also starred as Anna in "Daisy Diamond" (2007), Leena in "Beyond" (2010), Anna in "The Monitor" (2011), Madame Simza Heron in "" (2011), Dr. Elizabeth Shaw in "Prometheus" (2012), Beatrice in "Dead Man Down" (2013), Raisa Demidova in "Child 44" (2015), and the seven lead roles in "What Happened to Monday" (2017).

Prometheus (2012 movie)

Prometheus ( ) is a 2012 science fiction horror movie directed by Ridley Scott, written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof. It stars Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender, Guy Pearce, Idris Elba, Logan Marshall-Green, and Charlize Theron. 

It is set in the late 21st century and is about the crew of the spaceship "Prometheus" as it follows a star map discovered among the artifacts of several ancient Earth cultures. They wanted to find out the origins of humanity, but the crew arrives on a distant world and discovers a threat that could bring extinction to humanity.

"Prometheus" was released on June 1, 2012, in the United Kingdom and on June 8, 2012, in North America.


Bella ciao

"Bella ciao" (; "Goodbye beautiful") is an Italian protest folk song. It was created to protest against harsh working conditions in the paddy fields of North Italy. 

The song was later made as an anthem of the anti-fascist resistance by the Italian partisans between 1943 and 1945 during the Italian Resistance, against the Nazi Germany.

Versions of "Bella ciao" are sung worldwide as an anti-fascist hymn of freedom and resistance.

In 2017 and 2018, the song became popular because of the singing of "Bella ciao" multiple times in the Spanish television series "Money Heist".

Italian resistance movement

The Italian resistance movement ( or just ) is a term for Italian resistance groups during World War II. 

It was against the forces of Nazi Germany as well as the Italian Social Republic between September 1943 and April 1945

Known as partisans (), the brutal conflict they took part in is called the Italian Liberation War.


Resistance movement

A resistance movement is an organized movement by some portion of the civil population of a country to fight against an occupying power and to cause civil disorder. Sometimes they could be a nonviolent resistance (sometimes called civil resistance), or the use of force.

In many cases, as for example in Norway in the Second World War, a resistance movement may have had both violent and non-violent methods.

Brian Howe (singer)

Brian Anthony Howe (22 July 1953 – 6 May 2020) was an English rock singer. He was best known for replacing Paul Rodgers as the lead vocalist of Bad Company. He also worked with Ted Nugent for his "Penetrator" album. Howe was born in Portsmouth, Hampshire.

Howe died of cardiac arrest on 6 May 2020 on the way to a hospital in Florida, aged 66. He had a heart attack in 2017.

Daisy Lúcidi

Daisy Lúcidi (10 August 1929 – 7 May 2020) was a Brazilian actress. She was born in Rio de Janeiro. Her best known role was as Valentina Miranda in the telenovela "Passione". She also starred in "Paraíso Tropical" and "Babilônia". Her best known movie role was as Elder Isaura in "As Aventuras de Agamenon, o Repórter" (2012). 

On 4 May 2020, Lúcidi was hospitalized for COVID-19 in Rio de Janeiro. She died three days later on 7 May from the infection, aged 90.

HR 6819

HR 6819, also known as HD 167128 or QV Telescopii (abbreviated QV Tel), is a triple star system in the southern constellation of Telescopium, near the southern constellation boundary with Pavo.

It is located at a distance of about 1,120 light years from the Sun, and is drifting farther away at a rate of +15 km/s. A May 2020 study reported it to contain a black hole, making it the closest known black hole, and the first one located in a stellar system visible to the naked eye.

Peque Gallaga

Maurice Ruiz de Luzuriaga Gallaga, otherwise known as Peque Gallaga, (August 25, 1943 – May 7, 2020) was a Filipino movie director, screenwriter and actor. He was born in Bacolod, Commonwealth of the Philippines. His best known directorial works are "Oro, Plata, Mata" and "Magic Temple". An actor, he starred as the Dominican Priest in "José Rizal".

Gallaga was hospitalized on May 5, 2065 for a long-illness in Bacolod City. He died on May 7, 2020 from pneumonia-related problems, aged 76.

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 12)

The twelfth season of SpongeBob SquarePants first started showing on television on November 11, 2018. It was first announced on May 23, 2017. The season started with the episode "FarmerBob" and has not stopped yet. Only one episode was shown on television before Stephen Hillenburg, the show's creator, died on November 26, 2018. Marc Ceccarelli and Vincent Waller are the showrunners for this season.

Shit happens

Shit happens is a common vulgar slang phrase. It is used as a simple existential observation that life has many unpredictable events, either ""Así es la vida"" or ""C'est la vie"". The phrase accepts that bad things happen to people for no reason. The phrase was first found in 1964, but wasn't used in a print publication until 1983. "Stuff happens" is also said.

Middle finger

The middle finger (also called the long finger or the tall finger is the third finger on the human hand. It is between the index finger and the ring finger. When people study anatomy, they call the middle finger the "third finger", "digitus medius", "digitus tertius", or "digitus III".

Sometimes the middle finger is used as an insult or to offend someone. When it is extended, usually by itself, it is known as "giving the finger", "flipping the bird", or"flipping someone off".

Cowboy (movie)

Cowboy is a 1958 American western movie directed by Delmer Daves and based on the 1930 novel "My Reminiscences of Cowboy" by Frank Harris. It stars Glenn Ford, Jack Lemmon, Anna Kashfi, Dick York, Brian Donlevy and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1959.


The Lady Takes a Sailor

The Lady Takes a Sailor is 1949 American romantic comedy movie directed by Michael Curtiz, and starring Jane Wyman, Eve Arden, Dennis Morgan, Robert Douglas, Allyn Joslyn, Tom Tully and Jack Lemmon.


Horseshoe bat

Rhinolophidae is a family of bats commonly known as horseshoe bats. There is also an extinct genus of bats, "Palaeonycteris." Horseshoe bats are closely related to the Hipposideridae. Horseshoe bats are divided into six subgenera and many species groups. The common ancestor of all horseshoe bats lived 34–40 million years ago. Horseshoe bats are found mostly in tropical or subtropical areas, including Africa, Asia, Europe, and Oceania.

Horseshoe bats are a source of disease. Several species are the source of SARS coronavirus. Some evidence suggests that some species could be the source of SARS-CoV-2, which causes coronavirus disease 2019. The bats are hunted for food in several regions, particularly Sub-Saharan Africa, but also Southeast Asia. Some species or their guano are used in traditional medicine in Nepal, India, Vietnam, and Senegal.

Horseshoe bats are a small to medium-sized microbat. They weigh , with their forearms being in length. Their combined head and body lengths is . Their fur can be reddish-brown, blackish, or bright orange-red, with a majority of species having long, smooth fur. 

They have large wings compared to their size, and the shape of the wings means they are able to make quick, tight turns at slow speeds.(p361) 

They get their common name from their large noses (nose-leafs), which are shaped like horseshoes. The nose-leafs help with echolocation; the bats use their nose to make a constant frequency, high-duty call to find their prey. They hunt insects and spiders. Little is known about their mating systems, but at least one species is monogamous, while another is polygynous. Gestation is about seven weeks and one baby is produced at a time. Bats live for six or seven years, but one greater horseshoe bat lived more than 30 years.

Some species of bats are solitary, and roost alone, while others live in groups of several thousand.(p xi) 

The Racket

The Racket is a 1928 American crime drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and produced by Howard Hughes. It stars Thomas Meighan, Louis Wolheim, Marie Prevost, G. Pat Collins, Lee Moran and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1929 and was remade in 1951.

High Society Blues

High Society Blues is a 1930 American romantic musical movie directed by David Butler and starring Janet Gaynor, Charles Farrell, William Collier, Sr., Hedda Hopper, Joyce Compton, Brandon Hurst. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Muzaffarpur

Muzaffarpur is a city in Muzaffarpur district, Bihar, India. In 2011, there was 393,724 people living there. It is known for farming and growing crops. The current city was established in 1875 during the British Raj by Muzaffar Khan hence giving its name Muzaffarpur.

Just Imagine

Just Imagine is a 1930 American science fiction musical comedy movie directed by David Butler and stars El Brendel, Maureen O'Sullivan, John Garrick, Marjorie White, Frank Albertson. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1931.


Muzaffarpur district

Muzaffarpur District is one of the districts of Bihar state, India. Muzaffarpur district is a part of Tirhut Division. Muzaffarpur district is served by rivers Gandak, Budhi Gandak, Bagmati and Lakhandei. 

Ty (rapper)

Benedict Chijioke (17 August 1972 – 7 May 2020), better known by his stage name Ty, was a British rapper. He released the albums "Awkward" (2001), "Upwards" (2004), "Closer" (2006), "Special Kind of Fool" (2010)
and "A Work of Heart" (2018). Ty was based in London. 

In April 2020, Ty was hospitalized in London for COVID-19. He died on 7 May 2020 from pneumonia caused by the infection at the age of 47.

East Lynne (1931 movie)

East Lynne is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Ann Harding, Clive Brook, Conrad Nagel, Cecilia Loftus, Eric Mayne. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for Best Picture at the Academy Awards in 1931. It was third adaption based on the 1861 novel by Ellen Wood.

The Public Enemy

The Public Enemy is a 1931 American crime drama movie directed by William A. Wellman and stars James Cagney, Edward Woods, Jean Harlow, Donald Cook, Joan Blondell, Mae Clarke. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1931.

Emile Wijntuin

Emile Linus Alfred Wijntuin (22 September 1924 – 7 May 2020) was a Surinamese politician. He was the Chairman of the National Assembly of Suriname from 1975 until the aftermath of the 1980 Surinamese coup d'état. Wijntuin was a member of the Progressive Surinamese People's Party. He was born in the Coronie District. He was the Chairman of the Staten of Suriname from 1973 to 1975.

Wijntuin died on 7 May 2020 at the age of 95.

Michelle Veintimilla

Michelle Veintimilla (born November 7, 1992) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Janie in the movie "Not Cool". She played the role of villain Firefly in the second and fourth seasons of the Fox television series "Gotham". 

She played Carmen Guerra on FOX's "The Gifted" and Marie Joblanski on the Netflix crime drama series "Seven Seconds". 

Zachary Quinto

Zachary John Quinto (; born June 2, 1977) is an American actor and movie producer. He is known for his roles as Sylar on the science fiction drama series "Heroes" (2006–2010) and Spock in the reboot "Star Trek" (2009) and its sequels "Star Trek Into Darkness" (2013) and "Star Trek Beyond" (2016).

Zachary Quinto is openly gay.


Star Trek Beyond

Star Trek Beyond is a 2016 American science fiction action movie directed by Justin Lin, written by Simon Pegg and Doug Jung, and based on the television series "Star Trek" created by Gene Roddenberry. 

It is the 13th movie in the "Star Trek" movie franchise and the third part in the reboot series. It stars Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Simon Pegg, Karl Urban, Zoe Saldana, John Cho, Anton Yelchin, and Idris Elba, with Leonard Nimoy, who died in 2015, appearing in a photo.

This was one of Anton Yelchin's last movies; he died in June 2016, a month before the movie's release. The movie was dedicated to both Nimoy and Yelchin.


Claude Rains

William Claude Rains (10 November 188930 May 1967) was a British-American actor. He played Dr. Jack Griffin in "The Invisible Man" (1933). He also starred in "The Adventures of Robin Hood" (1938), "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" (1939), "The Wolf Man" (1941), "Casablanca" and "Kings Row" (both 1942), "Notorious" (1946) and "Lawrence of Arabia" (1962).

The Invisible Man (1933 movie)

The Invisible Man is a 1933 American pre-Code science fiction horror movie directed by James Whale. It is based on H. G. Wells' 1897 science fiction novel "The Invisible Man" and produced by Universal Pictures. It stars Claude Rains and Gloria Stuart.

In 2008, "The Invisible Man" was selected for the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."

A reboot was released in 2020.

The Invisible Man (2020 movie)

The Invisible Man is an American-Australian 2020 science fiction horror movie written and directed by Leigh Whannell. It is about a woman who believes she is being stalked by her abusive and rich boyfriend even after his suicide. The movie stars Elisabeth Moss, Aldis Hodge, Storm Reid, Harriet Dyer, Michael Dorman, and Oliver Jackson-Cohen. 

"The Invisible Man" was released in the United States on February 28, 2020, by Universal Pictures to strong positive reviews.

The Invisible Man (disambiguation)

The Invisible Man is an 1897 novel by H. G. Wells.

The Invisible Man or Invisible Men or "variation", may also refer to:





The Invisible Man

The Invisible Man is a science fiction novel by H. G. Wells. The Invisible Man is about Griffin, a scientist who has focused himself to research into optics. He later makes himself invisible.

The novel is a very famous and important horror novel, and helped make Wells the "father of science fiction".

The novel was made into made movies, famously in 1933 and in 2020.

George Mikan

George Lawrence Mikan Jr. (June 18, 1924 – June 1, 2005), nicknamed Mr. Basketball, was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Joliet, Illinois and studied at DePaul University. He was 6 ft 10 in (2.08 m). From 1947 and 1954 and again in 1956, he played for the Minneapolis Lakers. He also coached the team from 1957 to 1958. 

In 1959, he was honored in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 

Mikan died in Scottsdale, Arizona on June 1, 2005 from diabetes-related problems, aged 80.


I'll Get By (movie)

I'll Get By is a 1950 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by Richard Sale and is the remake of 1940 film "Tin Pan Alley". It stars June Haver, Gloria DeHaven, William Lundigan, Dennis Day, Thelma Ritter, Steve Allen and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1951.

Autonomous Region of Bougainville

Bougainville ( ; ), officially the Autonomous Region of Bougainville, is an autonomous region in Papua New Guinea. The largest island is Bougainville Island, while the region also includes Buka Island and a number of outlying islands and atolls.

The interim capital is Buka.

In 2011, the region had an estimated population of 250,000 people.

In late 2019, an independence referendum was held with 98.31% voting for independence rather than continued autonomy within Papua New Guinea.

Kinderdijk

Kinderdijk ("Children dike" in English) is a hamlet in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands. It lies in the very northeast of the municipality of Molenlanden, at the meetingplace of the Lek and Noord rivers.

Kinderdijk is famous for its windmills and therefore an UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Sylvia Earle

Sylvia Alice Earle (née Reade; born August 30, 1935) is an American marine biologist, explorer, author, and educator. She is a National Geographic explorer. 

Earle was the first female chief scientist of the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and was named by "Time Magazine" as its first Hero for the Planet in 1998.

Gibbstown, New Jersey

Gibbstown is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Greenwich Township, in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 3,822.

Greenwich Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey

Greenwich Township is a township in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 4,917.

William Moulton Marston

William Moulton Marston (May 9, 1893 – May 2, 1947), also known by the pen name Charles Moulton () was an American psychologist and comic book writer. He invented an early version of the lie detector. He was also known as a self-help author and comic book writer who created the character Wonder Woman.

Saugus, Massachusetts

Saugus is a town in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States, in the Greater Boston area. The population was 28,619 at the 2020 census.

Born Reckless (1930 movie)

Born Reckless is a 1930 American crime comedy movie directed by John Ford and stars Edmund Lowe, Lee Tracy, Marguerite Churcill, Frank Albertson, Ward Bond, John Wayne, Randolph Scott. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Natasha Liu Bordizzo

Natasha Liu Bordizzo (; born 25 August 1994) is an Australian actress and model. She is known for her roles as Snow Vase in Netflix's "" and Helena in Netflix's "The Society".

Mehmet Ali Talat

Mehmet Ali Talat (born 6 July 1952) is a Turkish Cypriot politician. He was the President of Northern Cyprus from 2005 to 2010. Talat is the leader of the social democratic Republican Turkish Party (, CTP). He was the Prime Ministers of Northern Cyprus from 2004 to 2005.

Derviş Eroğlu

Derviş Eroğlu (born March 7, 1938) is a Turkish Cypriot politician. He was the third President of Northern Cyprus. He was the Prime Minister (1985–94, 1996–2004 and again 2009–10) and twice-leader of the National Unity Party. 

He became President on 23 April 2010. He left the office on 30 April 2015.

Mustafa Akıncı

Mustafa Akıncı (; born 28 December 1947) is a Turkish Cypriot politician. He served as the fourth President of Northern Cyprus. from April 2015 to October 2020.

Hakkı Atun

Hakkı Atun (born 7 October 1935) is a Turkish Cypriot politician. He was the Prime Minister Northern Cyprus from 1994 to 1996. He was born in Famagusta in 1935. He was the Speaker of the Assembly from 1985 to 1993 and again from 1996 to 1998.

Ersin Tatar

Ersin Tatar (born 1960) is a Turkish Cypriot politician. He is the Prime Minister of Northern Cyprus since 2019. He is also the leader of the National Unity Party (UBP) and was Leader of the Opposition.

List of prime ministers of Northern Cyprus

This is a chronological list of every government formed by the prime ministers of Northern Cyprus. A new number is allocated to each new Prime Minister.

This list gives all prime ministers after the founding of the Turkish Federated State of Cyprus, which was intended as an autonomous part of Cyprus, but was rejected by the government of the Republic of Cyprus.

This list gives all prime ministers after Northern Cyprus' unilateral declaration of independence in 1983, which followed after the refusal of the government of the Republic of Cyprus to recognize the Turkish Federated State of Cyprus.

Willy Hautvast

Johannes Wilhelmus "Willy" Hautvast (31 August 1932 – 6 May 2020) was a Dutch clarinetist, composer and conductor. He was born in Maastricht, the Netherlands. 

He became solo clarinet player in the "Dutch Royal Navy Band" from 1951 until 1974. He also became arranger, he arranged around 250 pieces for this band at the "Royal Air Force Chapel". In 1974 he became director at the Band and Classical Department at the Music Education Center The Lindenberg in Nijmegen. He has conducted several orchestras. 

In 1991 he was awarded "Knight" in the Order of Orange-Nassau.

Hautvast died in Nijmegen on 6 May 2020, aged 87.

Sibel Siber

Sibel Siber (born 13 December 1960) is a Turkish Cypriot politician. She was the Prime Minister of Northern Cyprus between 13 June 2013 and 2 September 2013. She was the first female Prime Minister. Siber was the Speaker of Parliament, the Assembly of the Republic of Northern Cyprus from 2013 to 2018. 

List of speakers of the Assembly of the Republic (Northern Cyprus)

List of speakers of the Assembly of the Republic (Northern Cyprus) is the list of individuals who were speakers of the Assembly of the Republic.

Below is a list of office-holders:

House of Representatives (Cyprus)

The House of Representatives ( ; ) is the parliament of the Republic of Cyprus. Members are elected by proportional representation every five years. 30% of seats are given to the Turkish Cypriot community, but these have been empty since 1964.

The following people have been Presidents of the House

Demetris Syllouris

Demetris Syllouris (; ; born 27 July 1953) is a Greek-Cypriot politician. He is the President of the Cypriot parliament since 2018. He was the leader of the European Party between 2005 and 2016.

Alexis Galanos

Alexis Galanos (, 30 August 1940 – 15 July 2019) was a Greek Cypriot politician. He was President of the House of Representatives of Cyprus from 1991 to 1996.

You Can't Have Everything

You Can't Have Everything is a 1937 American musical movie directed by Norman Taurog and starring Alice Faye, Don Ameche, Al Ritz, Jimmy Ritz, Harry Ritz, Gypsy Rose Lee. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Sibel Kekilli

Sibel Kekilli (born 16 June 1980) is a German actress, who belong to the Turks in Germany. She is known for her role as Shae in the HBO series "Game of Thrones". She began as a pornographic actress.


Carice van Houten

Carice Anouk van Houten (; born 5 September 1976) is a Dutch actress and singer. She became well known for her role in "Black Book" (2006).

She was nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress for "Valkyrie" (2008).

Van Houten is also known for her role as Melisandre on the HBO television series "Game of Thrones" (2012–2019).

John Pope (military officer)

John Pope was a career military officer during the American Civil War. He was a general in the Union Army.

Down Argentine Way

Down Argentine Way is a 1940 American musical movie directed by Irving Cummings and starring Betty Grable, Don Ameche, Charlotte Greenwood, Carmen Miranda, Kay Aldridge, Henry Stephenson, J. Carrol Naish. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for three Academy Awards in 1941.


The Mortal Storm

The Mortal Storm is a 1940 American drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and based on the 1937 novel of the same name by Phyllis Bottome. It stars Margaret Sullivan, James Stewart, Robert Young, Robert Stack, Frank Morgan, Irene Rich, Ward Bond, Esther Dale and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. The movie shows the impact on Germans after Adolf Hitler becomes chancellor of Germany and a dictator. 

A year after the film's release, Stewart began serving in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II.


Enemy Agent

Enemy Agent is a 1940 American thriller movie directed by Lew Landers and starring Richard Cromwell, Helen Vinson, Robert Armstrong. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Slaughter on Tenth Avenue

Slaughter on Tenth Avenue is a 1957 American crime drama movie directed by Arnold Laven and starring Richard Egan, Jan Sterling, Dan Duryea, Julie Adams, Walter Matthau, Charles McGraw, Mickey Shaughnessy. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Church of the Gesù

The Church of the Gesù (, ) is the mother church of the Society of Jesus (Jesuits), a Catholic religious order. 

Father of the Nation

The Father of the Nation is an honorific title given to a person considered the driving force behind the establishment of his country, state, or a nation. (plural ), also seen as , was a Roman honorific meaning the "Father of the Fatherland", bestowed by the Senate on heroes, and later on emperors. In monarchies, the monarch was often considered the "father/mother of the nation" or as a patriarch to guide his family. This concept is expressed in the Divine Right espoused in some monarchies, while in others it is codified into constitutional law as in Spain, where the monarch is considered the personification and embodiment, the symbol of the unity and permanence of the nation. The title "Father of the Nation" however is politically contested, e.g. in 1972 the Constitution of Bangladesh declared Sheikh Mujibur Rahman to be "father of the nation". The BNP government removed this in 2004, to the protests of the opposition Awami League, led by Rahman's daughter Sheikh Hasina.

The following Gentlemen are still often called the "Father" of their respective nations.


Round of drinks

A round of drinks is a set of alcoholic beverages bought by one person in a group for the whole group. The buyer buys the round of drinks as a single order at the bar. In many places it is common for people to take turns buying rounds.

It is a nearly ubiquitous custom in Ireland, the United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand, and Australia. In Australia and New Zealand it is called shouting.

Murder of Ahmaud Arbery

Ahmaud Arbery was a 25-year-old African American man. On February 23, 2020, three white men chased him in trucks and shot him while he was running in Satilla Shores near the town of Brunswick in Georgia. His death became famous because a video of the shooting on the internet, because of an #IRunWithMaud Twitter campaign, because there was a long delay before the men who shot him were arrested, and because his death and their arrests happened around the same time as the deaths of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor and the Black Lives Matter protests. Floyd and Taylor are African Americans who were killed by police.

The three men who chased Arbery were charged with many crimes, including murder. Their hearings and trials were delayed many times because of the COVID-19 pandemic. On November 24, 2021, all three men were found guilty of murder in a Georgia state court. They were sentenced to life in prison. In February 2022, all three men were found guilty of hate crimes in a United States federal court.

On February 23, Gregory McMichael, 64 years old, and his son Travis, 34 years old, saw Arbery running through the neighborhood. They said they thought he looked like the same man who had been breaking into houses nearby. They got their guns and got into their truck to chase Arbery. Another man, William Bryan, came with them in his own car. There was some kind of fight, during which Arbery was shot and killed. According to the Georgia Board of Investigation, Travis, not Gregory, shot Arbery. Gregory McMichael said that Arbery had attacked Travis. According to Arbery's family and friends, he was running for exercise and was in Santilla Shores because he lived nearby.


On May 5, a video showing the shooting was released to the public. Gregory and Travis McMichael were arrested on May 7. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) both said it was bad that it had taken so long. The McMichaels are both white.

The McMichaels and William Bryan had their first hearing at Glynn County Magistrate Court on June 4, 2020. They appeared by video instead of in person because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Judge Wallace E. Harrell said there was enough evidence for all three men to go to trial. 

On June 24, 2020, District Attorney Holmes told the public that a grand jury had indicted all three men on nine crimes: one count each of malice murder (intentional murder), false imprisonment, criminal attempt to commit false imprisonment, two counts of aggravated assault and four counts of felony murder. The highest possible punishment for these crimes is life in prison without parole.

On July 17, all three men pleaded not guilty. Chatham County Superior Court Judge Timothy Walmsley decided not to release William Bryan on bail because he was worried Bryan would run away. The Georgia Bureau of Investigation also investigated Bryan for sex crimes.

On November 13, a judge denied bail for Gregory and Travis McMichaels. This means they stayed in jail until their trial. They could not return home or prepare for their trial outside of jail.

On February 23, Prosecutor George E. Barnhill wrote a letter to the Glynn County police saying he thought the police should not arrest the McMichaels. He said they had been in "hot pursuit" of Arbery, that they had a good reason to believe Arbery had committed a crime, and had told him out loud to stop running. In Georgia, it is legal for ordinary people to stop and hold a suspected criminal until the police arrive.

As of mid-May, four district attorneys had worked on this case one after the other. Because Gregory McMichael had worked as a police officer and worked for the Brunswick district attorney's office, it was difficult to find a district attorney who could charge McMichael with a crime. In the United States, prosecutors are not allowed to prosecute people they know, only strangers. The first two, Jackie Johnson and George E. Barnhill, both recused themselves, meaning they willingly left the case, because they or someone they knew had worked with one Gregory McMichael.

The third prosecutor to work on the case, Tom Durden, came from Georgia's Atlantic Judicial Circuit. On May 5, he asked the Georgia Board of Investigation to find the facts. Durden decided to begin criminal processes against the McMichaels later that week.

On May 7, 2020, Gregory and Travis McMichael were arrested and brought to a Georgia jail. They were charged with felony murder and aggravated assault.

Because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the state of Georgia decided not to have any more grand juries until June 2020. In the United States, a grand jury decides whether a suspected criminal should have a trial. They decide this by looking at the evidence to see if there is enough. If they say yes, the suspects have a trial. If they say no, the suspects go free.

On May 11, Georgia Attorney General Chris Carr put district attorney Joyette M. Holmes on the case. She was the fourth district attorney to work on the Ahmaud Arbery shooting case.

Travis McMichael hired the lawyers Bob Rubin and Jason Sheffield and Gregory McMichael hired Laura Hogue and Frank Hogue. Both sets of lawyers asked the public not to make decisions too soon.

Before recusing himself, Barnhill said it is legal in Georgia for the McMichaels to take their guns and chase someone if they believe that person is a criminal trying to escape being caught, but the crime must be a felony, or large crime. It is also legal for them to defend themselves if that person attacks them.

The law reads: "A private person may arrest an offender if the offense is committed in his presence or within his immediate knowledge. If the offense is a felony and the offender is escaping or attempting to escape, a private person may arrest him upon reasonable and probable grounds of suspicion." This is called a citizen's arrest law.

Gregory McMichael said that he and his son chased Arbery because he looked like a thief from a string of break-ins that had happened nearby, but the local police said that there had not been a string of break-ins.

If Arbery entered a house but left without stealing anything or harming anyone, then he might be guilty of trespassing, which is a misdemeanor crime, or small crime, but not a felony crime.

The video that appeared May 5 was filmed from a moving car or truck that was following the McMichaels' white truck. The video shows a black man running on the right side of the truck. Then he crosses in front of the truck and cannot be seen. Then there is some kind of fight, and three gunshots. Then the black man falls to the ground.

William "Roddy" Bryan recorded the video. He gave a copy to the police and then gave a copy to a lawyer named Alan Tucker. Tucker later gave the video to the radio station WGIG. The people at WGIG said it was from an anonymous source.

On May 8, Alan Tucker said he was the one who gave the video to the radio station. The McMichaels had talked to Tucker about Tucker working as their lawyer, which he later decided not to do because he knew Gregory McMichael from his work. Tucker said he gave the video to WGIG so people could see exactly what happened. "It wasn't two men with a Confederate flag in the back of a truck going down the road and shooting a jogger in the back. It got the truth out there as to what you could see," said Tucker. "My purpose was not to exonerate them or convict them."

The Georgia Bureau of Investigation began to investigate William Bryan. A lawyer for Arbery's family said that Bryan must have been helping the McMichaels chase Arbery. In a police report made the day of the shooting, Gregory McMichael told a Glynn County police officer that Bryan had tried to stop Arbery from running away from them. In late May, Bryan was arrested and charged with criminal attempt to commit false imprisonment and felony murder. Under U.S. law, that means that if Bryan was helping the McMichaels commit a serious crime, then deaths that happened during that crime are Bryan's fault as well, even if he did not shoot anyone himself.
In May, another video taken on February 23 was released to the public. It showed Arbery entering a house under construction, looking around, and leaving. The man who owned the house, Larry English, told CNN that nothing had been stolen.

On May 8, thousands of people ran 2.23 miles (2 for the month of February and .23 for the 23rd day of February, the date Arbery died). May 8 is Arbery's birthday, and he would have turned 26 years old if he had not died. Many of the runners posted the hashtag #IRunWithMaud on social media. Jason Vaughn and Akeem Baker invented the hashtag. Vaughn was the running coach at Arbery's high school and Baker was Arbery's friend. They both said Arbery was an excellent runner and racer.

In June, at the same time as the George Floyd protests, the Georgia NAACP planned a March on Georgia. Thousands of people marched to the Georgia state capitol building to stop police brutality. The marchers also said they were marching because Georgia had made it harder for black people to vote by closing so many voting places that the ones that were left had very long lines, because they think Georgia's citizens arrest laws are unfair, because of the killings of Rayshard Brooks, Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor and George Floyd. The Georgia citizens arrest law is what the McMichaels claim made it legal for them to chase and try to stop Arbery.

The state of Georgia performed an autopsy on Ahmaud Arbery's body. They found he had been shot twice in the chest and once on his wrist and had not taken any drugs or alcohol. The autopsy report said Arbery had died in a homicide, meaning a killing of one human by other humans.

On June 24, after the shooting but before any trials, the Georgia State Senate passed a law against hate crimes. Many American states already had hate crime laws, but Georgia did not. Hate crime laws make it a separate, additional crime to harm someone because of what group they belong to or look like they belong to.

The court cannot use the Georgia state hate crime law in the Arbery case because it was made after the crime happened. The United States does not allow ex post facto laws. That is, it does not allow anyone to be punished for something that was not a crime when they did it.

The United States' federal government has its own hate crime law. The three men are charged with hate crimes "on the federal level." That means that the hate crime trials are being run by the main government of the country, not by the state of Georgia.

At first, no date was set for the trials of Arbery's killers. This was because of the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic. McMichael, McMichael and Bryan waited for their trials in jail. On October 18, 2021, jury selection for the trial began. The jury would have eleven white people and one black person. The trial lasted about two weeks. Lawyers for the three men said that they were only protecting their neighborhood. They said the accused men thought Arbery was dangerous. Travis McMichael got on the stand and spoke to the jury, saying he shot Arbery in self-defense. On November 24, the jury found all three men guilty on most of the counts, including felony murder.

Judge Timothy R. Walmsley gave the sentences (punishments) on January 7, 2022. Travis and Gregory McMichael were sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. William Bryan was sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole. Bryan must be in prison for 30 years before he may ask for parole.

All three men are allowed to appeal, to ask the State of Georgia to change or stop their punishments at the Georgia Supreme Court. All three men are also to go on trial at the federal level.

On January 31, 2022, Travis McMichael offered to plead guilty to federal hate crimes. In exchange, lawyers for the government said he could spend the first 30 years of his sentence in a federal prison, then go to a Georgia state prison. However, Judge Lisa Godbey Wood of the U.S. District Court said no. It is very unusual for a judge to refuse a plea deal that prosecutors have made with a defendant. This means McMichael would go on trial for hate crimes.

On February 22, 2022, a jury said all three men were guilty of federal hate crimes.

Micropigmentation

Micropigmentation is how tattoos can look like makeup such as eyelining and adding colors to the skin of the face, lips, and eyelids. Micropigmentation is can also make artificial eyebrows for people who lost them because of old age or disease. Micropigmentation can also hide scars and white spots in the skin such as in vitiligo.

Fraisse-Cabardès

Fraisse-Cabardès is a commune of 104 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Fraissé-des-Corbières

Fraissé-des-Corbières is a commune of 220 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gaja-la-Selve

Gaja-la-Selve is a commune of 143 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sara Fabel

Sara Fabel is model, actress, and tattoo artist from Finland.

She initially started posting her artworks and modeling photos through her social media platforms like Facebook, Tumblr and Instagram. In late 2010, she had developed a fan base around her art and modelling. Then she started traveling to create contacts with international photographers and artists to get herself involved in collaborations and campaigns. After coming to United States in 2013, Sara Fabel retired from modeling and started her career in art.

She also collaborated with Kevin Llewellyn which was featured in Kat Von D's Wonderland gallery.

Ayron

Ayron is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.

Cahuzac

Cahuzac is the name of several communes in France:

Khichdi

Khichdi (), is a dish from the Indian subcontinent made from rice and lentils ("dal"), but other variations include "bajra" and mung "dal kichri". In Indian culture, it is considered one of the first solid foods that babies eat. Kichri is a salty porridge. The Anglo-Indian dish Kedgeree is thought to derive from khichri. India has designated it as the "National dish", as it is being globally promoted by the Government of India as "Queen of all Foods".

Richard Jantz

Richard Jantz is an American Anthropologist. He focused on fields such as forensic anthropology, genetics, and also organized existing information in databases. He has written over 100 published articles, and his research has led the fields of physical and forensic anthropology. Jantz is currently a professor for the Department of Anthropology at the University of Tennessee. 

Richard Jantz grew up in central Kansas, and went to Kansas University. At school, he found that his strengths lay in statistical analysis. 

Jantz's recent research involves measuring the differences in bone size and shape between different Native American tribes. In this research, he challenged work done by Franz Boas, a founder of modern anthropology. The original study, done by Boas in the early 1900s, showed that children born in America had bones closer to other American adults, and children born in Europe had bones closer to those of other Europeans. In 2002, Jantz did his own study to test Boas' findings. He writes that he found no significant difference between the bones of American and European children, but his study receives criticism from many other anthropologists. 

A well-respected anthropologist, Jonathan Marks, said that Jantz's new research "has the ring of desperation to it (if not obfuscation), and has been quickly rebutted by more mainstream biological anthropology." Later, other anthropologists also looked back over Boas' study and found that he was actually correct. 

Richard Jantz has also worked to advance scientific methods of determining sex based on bone shape. He has worked with many Native American remains to organize data in large computer databases. 

Jantz played a large role in the discovery and legal battle over a prehistoric skeleton called the Kennewick Man, suing the government to get more access to it for research. He argued that since the skeleton was radiocarbon dated to about 9,000 years old, no modern-day Native American tribes could really claim the skeletons as their own under the NAGPRA law. 

He worked to identify the crew of a confederate shipwreck found near South Carolina, and was part of a reexamination of the Nikumaroro bones to determine if they could have belonged to Amelia Earhart.

Generville

Generville is a commune of 60 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gourvieille

Gourvieille is a commune of 76 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gruissan

Gruissan is a commune of 5,000 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Homps, Aude

Homps is a commune of 591 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Issel, Aude

Issel is a commune of 488 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Roquetaillade-et-Conilhac

Roquetaillade-et-Conilhac is a commune of 277 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Roquetaillade (the seat) and Conilhac-de-la-Montagne.

Speech disorder

A speech disorder or speech impairment is a long-lasting communication problem, caused by problems with speaking. People with speech impairments have problems making certain sounds, forming words, or combining these words into sentences. Common speech impairments are stuttering, lisps and rhotacism (inability or difficulty pronouncing the R sound). Someone who cannot speak at all is called mute.

Clatsop County, Oregon

Clatsop County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 41,072 people. The county seat is Astoria.

Clay Center, Nebraska

Clay Center is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Clay County.

Broken Bow, Nebraska

Broken Bow is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Custer County.

Minden, Nebraska

Minden is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Kearney County.

Gering, Nebraska

Gering is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Scotts Bluff County.

Hyannis, Nebraska

Hyannis is a village in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Grant County.

Jonquières, Aude

Jonquières is a commune of 59 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Labastide-d'Anjou

Labastide-d'Anjou is a commune of 1,326 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Laprade, Aude

Laprade is a commune of 95 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Marc Alfos

Marc Alfos (May 20, 1956 – August 3, 2012) was a French voice actor.






Condorcet method

A Condorcet method (; ) is one of many election methods that elects the candidate that is preferred by more voters than their opponent in every head-to-head election against each of the other candidates, whenever there is such a candidate. This candidate, known as the "pairwise champion" or "beats-all winner", is formally called the "Condorcet winner".

A Condorcet winner might not always exist in a particular election because the preference of a group of voters selecting from more than two options can possibly be cyclic — that is, it is possible (but very rare) that every candidate has an opponent that defeats them in a two-candidate contest. (This is similar to the game rock paper scissors, where each hand shape wins against only one opponent and loses to another). The possibility of such cyclic preferences in a group of voters is known as the Condorcet paradox. However, there always exists a smallest group of candidates that beats all candidates not in the group, known as the Smith set, which is guaranteed to only have the Condorcet winner in it when one exists; many Condorcet methods always elect a candidate who is in the Smith set when there is no Condorcet winner, and are thus said to be "Smith-efficient". The Condorcet winner is also usually but not necessarily the utilitarian winner (the one which maximizes social welfare).

Condorcet voting methods are named for the 18th-century French mathematician and philosopher Marie Jean Antoine Nicolas Caritat, the Marquis de Condorcet, who championed such voting systems. However, Ramon Llull devised the earliest known Condorcet method in 1299. It always elects the same candidate as Copeland's method in cases with no pairwise ties.

Condorcet methods usually use preferential (ranked) voting, though they can be done with separate rounds of runoff elections.

Most Condorcet methods have a single round of preferential voting, in which each voter ranks the candidates from most preferred (marked as number 1) to least preferred (marked with a higher number). A voter's ranking is often called their "order of preference." The votes can be tallied in many ways to find a winner. Some - the Condorcet methods - will elect the Condorcet winner if there is one. They can also elect a winner when there is no Condorcet winner, and different Condorcet-compliant methods may elect different winners in the case of a cycle.

The procedure given in Robert's Rules of Order for voting on motions and amendments is also a Condorcet method, even though the voters do not vote by ranking the candidates. There are multiple rounds of voting, and in each round the vote is between two of the alternatives. The loser (by majority rule) of a pairing is eliminated, and the winner of a pairing is paired in a later round against another alternative. Eventually only one alternative remains, and it is the winner. This is similar to a single-winner or round-robin tournament; the total number of pairings is one less than the number of alternatives. Since a Condorcet winner will win by majority rule in each of its pairings, it will never be eliminated by Robert's Rules. But this method cannot reveal a voting paradox in which there is no Condorcet winner and a majority prefer an early loser over the eventual winner (though it will always elect someone in the Smith set). A lot of the literature on social choice theory is about this method since it is widely used and is used by important organizations (legislatures, councils, committees, etc.). It is not practical for use in public elections, however, since its multiple rounds of voting would be very expensive for voters, for candidates, and for governments.

In a competition between candidates A and B where voters have ranked the candidates, if more voters mark their ballots that they prefer candidate A over candidate B than the number of voters who mark their ballots to the contrary, then Candidate B is not (supposed to be) elected.

However, because of the possibility of the Condorcet paradox, it is possible, but unlikely, that this can't be done. This is sometimes called a "Condorcet cycle" or just "cycle" and can be thought of as Candidate Rock beating Candidate Scissors, Candidate Scissors beating Candidate Paper, and Candidate Paper beating Candidate Rock. If there is no cycle (and no ties), all Condorcet methods elect the same candidate.


For most Condorcet methods, the pairwise counts are all that is necessary to figure out who won, who came in 2nd place, etc. and can be used to figure out if there is a Condorcet winner, and who it is.

A Condorcet method is a voting system that will always elect the Condorcet winner (if there is one); this is the candidate whom more voters prefer to each other candidate, when compared to them one at a time. This candidate can be found by checking if there is a candidate who beats all other candidates; this can be done by using Copeland's method and then checking if the Copeland winner has the highest possible Copeland score.

Note that there are ½"N"("N"−1) pairwise comparisons for "N" candidates. For 10 candidates, this means there are 0.5*10*9=45 comparisons, which can make elections with many candidates hard to count the votes for.

In some situations, an election has no Condorcet winner. This occurs as a result of a kind of tie known as a "majority rule cycle", described by Condorcet's paradox. Different Condorcet methods pick different winners in these situations. Some Condorcet methods involve the basic procedure described below, coupled with a Condorcet completion method, which is used to find a winner when there is no Condorcet winner. Other Condorcet methods involve an entirely different system of counting, but are classified as Condorcet methods because they will still elect the Condorcet winner if there is one.

It is important to note that not all single winner, ranked voting systems are Condorcet methods. For example, instant-runoff voting and the Borda count are not Condorcet methods.

In any Condorcet method that passes Independence of Smith-dominated alternatives, it can sometimes help to identify the Smith set from the head-to-head matchups, and eliminate all candidates not in the set before doing the procedure for that Condorcet method.

Condorcet methods use pairwise counting. For each possible pair of candidates, one pairwise count indicates how many voters prefer one of the paired candidates over the other candidate, and another pairwise count indicates how many voters have the opposite preference. The counts for all possible pairs of candidates show all the pairwise preferences of all the voters.

Pairwise counts are often displayed in a "pairwise comparison matrix" or "outranking matrix" such as those below. In these matrices, each row represents each candidate as a 'runner', while each column represents each candidate as an 'opponent'. The cells at the intersection of rows and columns each show the result of a particular pairwise comparison. Cells comparing a candidate to themselves are left blank.

Imagine there is an election between four candidates: A, B, C and D. The first matrix below records the preferences expressed on a single ballot paper, in which the voter's preferences are (B, C, A, D); that is, the voter ranked B first, C second, A third, and D fourth. In the matrix a '1' indicates that the runner is preferred on this voter's ballot over the 'opponent', while a '0' indicates that the runner is defeated. For example, in the following matrix, A beats D:

Using a matrix like the one above, one can find the overall results of an election. Each ballot can be transformed into this style of matrix, and then added to all other ballot matrices using matrix addition. The sum of all ballots in an election is called the sum matrix.

Suppose that in the imaginary election there are two other voters. Their preferences are (D, A, C, B) and (A, C, B, D). Added to the first voter, these ballots would give the following sum matrix:

When the sum matrix is found, the contest between each pair of candidates is considered. The number of votes for runner over opponent (runner,opponent) is compared with the number of votes for opponent over runner (opponent,runner) to find the Condorcet winner. In the sum matrix above, A is the Condorcet winner because A beats every other candidate. When there is no Condorcet winner, many Condorcet completion methods, such as Ranked Pairs and the Schulze method, use the information contained in the sum matrix to choose a winner.

Cells marked '—' in the matrices above have a numerical value of '0', but a dash is used since candidates are never preferred to themselves. The first matrix, that represents a single ballot, is inversely symmetric: (runner,opponent) is ¬(opponent,runner). Or (runner,opponent) + (opponent,runner) = 1. The sum matrix has this property: (runner,opponent) + (opponent,runner) = N for N voters, if all runners were fully ranked by each voter.

Imagine that Tennessee is having an election on the location of its capital. The population of Tennessee is concentrated around its four major cities, which are spread throughout the state. For this example, suppose that the entire electorate lives in these four cities and that everyone wants to live as near to the capital as possible.

The candidates for the capital are:


The preferences of the voters would be divided like this:

To find the Condorcet winner every candidate must be matched against every other candidate in a series of one-on-one contests. In each pairing the winner is the candidate preferred by a majority of voters. The results for every possible pairing are as follows:

The results can also be shown in the form of a matrix:

As can be seen from both of the tables above, Nashville beats every other candidate. This means that Nashville is the Condorcet winner. So Nashville would win an election held under any Condorcet method.

While any Condorcet method will elect Nashville as the winner, first-past-the-post and instant-runoff voting would select Memphis and Knoxville respectively, using the same ballots. This would occur despite the fact that most people would have preferred Nashville to either of those options. Condorcet methods make these preferences obvious rather than ignoring or discarding them.

On the other hand, note that in this example Chattanooga also defeats Knoxville and Memphis when paired against those cities. If Memphis voters had preferred Chattanooga as a second choice rather than as a third choice, then Chattanooga would be the Condorcet winner even though finishing in last place in a first-past-the-post election.

An alternative way of thinking about this example if a Smith-efficient Condorcet method that passes ISDA is used to determine the winner is that 58% of the voters, a mutual majority, ranked Memphis last (making Memphis the majority loser and Nashville, Chattanooga, and Knoxville above Memphis, ruling Memphis out. At that point, the voters who preferred Memphis as their 1st choice could only help to choose a winner among Nashville, Chattanooga, and Knoxville, and because they all preferred Nashville as their 1st choice among those three, Nashville would've had a 68% majority of 1st choices among the remaining candidates and won as the majority's 1st choice.

Some Condorcet methods first do a series of pairwise comparisons and then, if there is no Condorcet winner, use an entirely different, non-Condorcet method to determine a winner. The simplest such fall-back methods completely ignore the results of the pairwise comparisons. For example, the Black method chooses the Condorcet winner if it exists, but uses the Borda count instead if there is a cycle (the method is named for Duncan Black).

A more complex two-stage process is, when there is a cycle, to first eliminate all candidates not in some group which is found by looking at the pairwise comparisons, and then use a separate voting system to find the winner. Sets used for this purpose are defined so that they will always contain only the Condorcet winner if there is one, and will always, in any case, contain at least one candidate. Such sets include the


Some Condorcet methods use a single procedure that meets the Condorcet criteria and, without any extra procedure, also pick winners when there are cycles. In other words, these methods do not involve separate procedures for different situations. Typically these methods base their calculations on pairwise counts. These methods include:


Some Condorcet methods produce not just a single winner, but a ranking of all candidates from first to last place. A Condorcet ranking is a list of candidates with the property that the Condorcet winner (if one exists) comes first and the Condorcet loser (if one exists) comes last, and the same holds for the candidates ranked between them.

Methods that satisfy this property include:


Though there won't always be a Condorcet winner or Condorcet loser, there is always a Smith set and "Smith loser set" (smallest group of candidates who lose to all candidates not in the set in head-to-head elections). Some voting methods produce rankings that sort all candidates in the Smith set above all others, and all candidates in the Smith loser set below all others, with this also applying to all candidates ranked between them. Because the Smith set and Smith loser set are equivalent to the Condorcet winner and Condorcet loser when they exist, methods that always produce Smith set rankings also always produce Condorcet rankings.

Many proponents of instant-runoff voting (IRV) are attracted by the belief that if their first choice does not win, their vote will be given to their second choice; if their second choice does not win, their vote will be given to their third choice, etc. This sounds perfect, but it is not true for every voter with IRV. If someone voted for a strong candidate, and their 2nd and 3rd choices are eliminated before their first choice is eliminated, IRV gives their vote to their 4th choice candidate, not their 2nd choice. Condorcet voting takes all rankings into account simultaneously, but this makes it fail the later-no-harm criterion and the later-no-help criterion. With IRV, indicating a second choice will never hurt your first choice. With Condorcet voting, it is possible that indicating a second choice will cause your first choice to lose.

Plurality voting is simple, and theoretically provides incentives for voters to compromise for centrist candidates rather than throw away their votes on candidates who can't win. Opponents to plurality voting point out that voters often vote for the lesser of evils because they heard on the news that those two are the only two with a chance of winning, not necessarily because those two are the two good compromise candidates. This gives the media significant election powers. Condorcet runs each candidate against the other head to head, so that voters elect the candidate who would win the most sincere runoffs, instead of the one they thought they had to vote for.

There are circumstances, as in the examples above, when both instant-runoff voting and the 'first-past-the-post' plurality system wouldn't elect the Condorcet winner. (In fact, FPTP can elect the Condorcet loser and IRV can elect the second-worst candidate, who would lose to every candidate except the Condorcet loser.) When there is a Condorcet winner that IRV doesn't elect, a majority would by definition prefer the Condorcet Winner to the IRV winner. Supporters of the Condorcet criterion see it as an important criterion when choosing a voting method. They see the Condorcet criterion as a natural extension of majority rule. Condorcet methods tend to encourage the selection of broadly supported candidates who appeal to the median voter. Here is an example that is designed to support IRV while making Condorcet look bad:

499 A>B>C

3 B>C>A

498 C>B>A

B is preferred by a 501–499 majority to A, and by a 502–498 majority to C. So, according to the Condorcet criterion, B should win, despite the fact that very few voters rank B in first place. By contrast, IRV elects C and plurality elects A. The goal of a ranked voting system is for voters to be able to vote sincerely and trust the system to protect their intent.

The importance of this scenario, of two parties with strong support, and the one with weak support being the Condorcet winner, may be less than one would expect, though, as it is common in plurality voting systems (see Duverger's law), but much less likely to occur in Condorcet or IRV elections, which unlike Plurality voting, punish candidates who are opposed by a significant block of voters.

Here is an example that is designed to support Condorcet while making IRV look bad:

33 A>B>C

16 B>A>C

16 B>C>A

35 C>B>A

B would win against either A or C by more than a 65–35 margin in a one-on-one election, but IRV eliminates B first, leaving a contest between the more "polar" candidates, A and C. Proponents of plurality voting state that their system is simpler than any other and more easily understood.

All three systems are susceptible to tactical voting, but the types of strategy used and how often there is value in voting strategically differ in each method.

Like all voting methods, Condorcet methods are vulnerable to compromising. That is, voters can help avoid the election of a less-preferred candidate by insincerely (strategically) raising the position of a more-preferred candidate on their ballot. However, Condorcet methods are only vulnerable to compromising when there is a majority rule cycle, or when one can be created.

All Condorcet methods are at least somewhat vulnerable to burying. That is, voters can sometimes help a more-preferred candidate by strategically lowering the ranking of a less-preferred candidate on their ballot.

Scholars of electoral systems often compare them using mathematically defined voting system criteria. The criteria which Condorcet methods satisfy vary from one Condorcet method to another. However, the Condorcet criterion implies the majority criterion, and thus is incompatible with independence of irrelevant alternatives (though it implies a weaker analagous form of the criterion: when there is a Condorcet winner, losing candidates can drop out of the election without changing the result), later-no-harm, the participation criterion, and the consistency criterion.

Condorcet methods are not known to be currently in use in government elections anywhere in the world, but a Condorcet method known as Nanson's method was used in city elections in the U.S. town of Marquette, Michigan in the 1920s, and today Condorcet methods are used by a number of private organizations. Organizations which currently use some variant of the Condorcet method are:







Smith set

In voting systems, the Smith set, named after John H. Smith, but also known as the top cycle, or as Generalized Top-Choice Assumption (GETCHA), is the smallest non-empty set of candidates in an election such that more voters prefer any candidate in the set over any candidate not in the set in head-to-head matchups. The Smith set is one way to determine who the best candidates in an election are. Voting systems that always elect a candidate from the Smith set pass the Smith criterion and are said to be "Smith-efficient".

A set of candidates where every candidate in the set pairwise beats every candidate not in the set is known as a dominating set.


The Smith set can be calculated with the Floyd–Warshall algorithm in time Θformula_1. It can also be calculated using a version of Kosaraju's algorithm or Tarjan's algorithm in time Θformula_2.

It can also be found by ordering the candidates by their number of pairwise victories minus pairwise defeats (a Copeland method ranking), and then looking for the smallest group of candidates, starting from the top, who pairwise beat all candidates not already in the group.
Example using the Copeland ranking:

A pairwise loses to C, so it is certain that all candidates from A through C (A, B, and C) are in the Smith set. However, there is one matchup where a candidate who is known to be in the Smith set loses or ties someone who may or may not be in the Smith set: C loses to D; so D is confirmed to be in the Smith set. Another such matchup can now be seen: D ties with E. So E is added into the Smith set. Because all of A through E beat all candidates other than each other, the Smith set is A through E.




Tomás Carlovich

Tomás Felipe Carlovich (20 April 1949 – 8 May 2020) was an Argentine professional football player and coach. He was born in Rosario, Argentina. As a player, he played for Rosario Central, Central Córdoba and Independiente Rivadavia. As a coach, he managed Central Córdoba.

On 6 May 2020, Carlovich was beaten with a shovel by a robber in Rosario while riding his bike. He died two days later in a coma at a hospital from his injuries, aged 71.

Cécile Rol-Tanguy

Cécile Rol-Tanguy (10 April 1919 – 8 May 2020) was a French communist. She was a Resistance fighter during World War II. She was active in the liberation of Paris. She was secretariat and a liaison officer, in charge of operations and confidential communications. She was born in Royan, Saintonge.

In 2008, Rol-Tanguy became the Grand Officer of the Legion d’Honneur.

Rol-Tanguy died at her home in Monteaux, Loir-et-Cher on 8 May 2020, aged 101.

Pairwise comparison

Pairwise comparison is any process of comparing things in pairs to judge which of two things is preferred, or has a greater amount of some something, or whether or not the two things are identical. The method of pairwise comparison is used in the scientific study of preferences, attitudes, voting systems, social choice, public choice, requirements engineering and multiagent AI systems. In psychology literature, it is often referred to as paired comparison.

If someone shows what they like more between two options, this preference can be expressed as a pairwise comparison. If the two alternatives are "x" and "y", these three pairwise comparisons are possible:

The person prefers "x" over "y": ""x" > "y"" or ""xPy""

The person prefers "y" over "x": ""y" > "x"" or ""yPx""

The person has no preference between both alternatives: ""x" = "y"" or ""xIy""

It is generally assumed that pairwise comparisons are transitive. Most agree on what transitivity is, though there is debate about the transitivity of indifference. The rules of transitivity are as follows.


This is linked to (xPy or xIy) being a total preorder, P being the related strict weak order, and I being the related equivalence relation.

Some believe that indifference (lack of preference) is not transitive. Consider the following example. Suppose you like apples and you prefer apples that are larger. Now suppose there exists an apple A, an apple B, and an apple C that are the same except for the following. Suppose B is larger than A, but it is not possible to see this without an extremely sensitive measuring device. Also suppose C is larger than B, but this also can't be seen without a sensitive measuring device. However, the difference in sizes between apples A and C is large enough that you can see it. In psychophysical terms, the size difference between A and C is above the just noticeable difference ('jnd') while the size differences between A and B and B and C are below the jnd.

You are confronted with the three apples in pairs without a sensitive measuring device. Because of this, when shown only A and B, you have no preference between apple A and apple B; and you are indifferent between apple B and apple C when shown only B and C. However, when the pair A and C are shown, you prefer C over A.

If pairwise comparisons are transitive by the four rules shown above, then pairwise comparisons for a list of alternatives ("A", "A", "A", ..., "A", and "A") can take the form:

For example, if there are three alternatives "a", "b", and "c", then the 13 possible preference orders are:


If the number of alternatives is n, and indifference is not allowed, then the number of possible preference orders for any given "n"-value is "n"<nowiki>!</nowiki>. If indifference is allowed, then the number of possible preference orders is the number of total preorders. It can be expressed as a function of n:

where "S"("n", "k") is the Stirling number of the second kind.




Madeleine Riffaud

Madeleine Riffaud (born 23 August 1924) is a French poet, journalist, war correspondent and a member of the French Resistance. She was born in Arvillers, France. Riffaud was awarded the National Order of Merit.

She began operating for the French Forces of the Interior at the age of 18 under the codename "Rainer". On July 23, 1944, at age 19, she became known for the killing of a German officer, whom she shot dead. Shortly afterwards, she was captured by the Gestapo and was nearly executed.

After the war ended in 1945, she became a journalist for , a French newspaper.

Marie-José Chombart de Lauwe

Marie-José Chombart de Lauwe ("née" Wilborts; born 31 May 1923) is a French sociologist, activist and World War II resistance fighter. She was born in Paris. In 2008, she was honored with the Legion of Honour. 

During World War II, she was arrested by the Gestapo to La Santé Prison. She was nearly executed. 

In 1954, she began working for the National Centre for Scientific Research. In 1996, she became Chair of the Fondation pour la Mémoire de la Déportation.


Irish Home Rule

Irish Home Rule was a proposed system of government in Ireland, in which Ireland would have its own government inside the United Kingdom. Until 1920, Ireland was ruled directly by the British government. British members of parliament tried to pass bills for Home Rule in 1886, 1893, and 1912, but they never got enough votes to pass. Irish Nationalists supported Home Rule, and Irish Unionists opposed it.

The 1886 bill was supported by the Liberal Party, but did not get enough votes in the House of Commons. The 1893 bill got enough votes to pass in the House of Commons, but not the House of Lords. William Gladstone was an important supporter of both. The 1912 bill also passed in the House of Commons, but not the House of Lords. In 1912, Unionists in Ulster signed a document called the Ulster Covenant, and made an army called the Ulster Volunteers, to fight against Home Rule.

Although many Nationalists wanted Home Rule, some thought it was not good enough. Most members of the party Sinn Féin wanted Ireland to be completely separate from Great Britain. Sinn Féin became the most powerful party in 1916 and made their own government in Dublin, the Dáil Éireann. Irish Nationalists fought in the Irish War of Independence against the British government from 1919-1921. In 1920, Britain passed a law that said there would be two parliaments, one for Northern Ireland, and one for Southern Ireland. This was a form of Home Rule. However, the Southern Ireland parliament never met. The war did not end until the 1921 Anglo-Irish Treaty, which created the Irish Free State. The Irish Free State still had the same king as Britain, but had a separate government.


Frinkcoin

"Frinkcoin" is the 13th episode of the 31st season of "The Simpsons". It was first shown on television in the United States on the Fox network on February 23, 2020. In the episode, Professor Frink makes a new cryptocurrency. The episode was watched by 1.84 million people when it was first shown on television.

The Simpson family are eating at a vegan restaurant, wanting Lisa to pick them for a project at school. She chooses Professor Frink because he wants to help the world with science. At Springfield University, Lisa interviews Professor Frink. Frink says he is making a new cryptocurrency called Frinkcoin.

Frinkcoin becomes well known, making Frink the richest man in Springfield. Mr. Burns is angry because he is no longer the richest man in Springfield. Frink feels lonely, so Marge says that he should go to Moe's Tavern. Frink gets every question correct in Moe's trivia questions, so they become friends with Frink. Frink shows his friends Springfield's best places. Smithers gets a team of people to create a cryptocurrency for Mr. Burns. The team creates an equation to make Frinkcoin worth nothing, but it will take thousands of years to calculate. Instead, Mr. Burns tells Frink that his friends only like him because he is rich.

Burns brings the equation to Springfield for a crowdsourcing solution. Frink finds out that his friends only like him because he is rich. Frink solves the equation himself, but only Lisa knows. Frink loses all of his money, but he is happy to be friends with Lisa and to go back to his university. 

Dennis Perkins of "The A.V. Club" gave the episode a score of B and says that the episode "uses the cryptocurrency concept as an excuse for a largely successful exercise in side-character development." "Den of Geek" gave the episode a 4 out of 5 stars and says "'Frinkcoin' is a satisfying episode" and that Lisa and Frink's actions add up to a "solid half hour investment."

The Mephisto Waltz

The Mephisto Waltz is a 1971 American horror movie directed by Paul Wendkos and based on the novel of the same name by Fred Mustard Stewart. It stars Alan Alda, Jacqueline Bisset, Barbara Perkins, Bradford Dillman, Curd Jürgens and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Ace High

Ace High (, literally translated as "The Four of the Hail Mary") is a 1968 Italian western movie directed by Giuseppe Colizzi and starring Eli Wallach, Bud Spencer, Terence Hill, Brock Peters, Kevin McCarthy, Bruno Corazzari, Rick Boyd. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is the second part of the Italian western trilogy.


Postal Index Number

Postal Index Number is also called as Pincode. It is used in India For Post office Numbering or post office system. It is also used for couriering in India. It is used by
India Post and many courier Companies. It is six digit long code to identify the city or area.

Esme &amp; Roy

Esme & Roy is an Canadian animated children's television series created by Dustin Ferrer and Amy Steinberg. The series is produced by Canada-based animation studio Nelvana and "Sesame Street" creator Sesame Workshop, in association with Corus Entertainment.

The show follows a little girl named Esme and her best friend, a monster named Roy, who take care of all kinds of creatures when their regular guardians need aid. "Esme & Roy" was broadcast simultaneously on HBO in the United States and Treehouse TV in Canada on August 18, 2018.

On May 6, 2019, it was announced that it was renewed for a second season. It was also announced Summer 2019 that season one would premiere on PBS Kids Family Night on August 30 or August 31, 2019 depending on the local station, with regular airtime on Saturday and Sunday mornings on the 24/7 PBS Kids Channel only thereafter. In September 2019, it was announced new episodes of the show would be moving from HBO to HBO Max starting with the second season. The second season will also begin airing at an unknown date on PBS Kids.

Aurangabad

Aurangabad is a city in in the Aurangabad district of Bihar state in India. It is famous for a cement plant and World Best Deo Surya Mandir. There are two main languages spoken in Aurangabad - Magahi and Hindi.

Davidson County

Davidson County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Arie Slob

Arie Slob (born November 16, 1961 in Nieuwerkerk aan den IJssel) is a Dutch politician of the ChristianUnion (CU).

Slob studied history and went into politics, first on behalf of the Reformed Political Alliance (GPV), later on of its successor the ChristianUnion.

Slob was a councillor of Zwolle and a member of the House of Representatives. From 2017 to 2022, he was minister for education for children and teenagers in the Third Rutte cabinet.


Columbia County, Oregon

Columbia County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 52,589 people. The county seat is St. Helens. It was named after the Columbia River, which forms its eastern and northern borders.

Grant County, Oregon

Grant County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 7,233 people. The county seat is Canyon City.

Dallas, Oregon

Dallas is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Polk County.

Polk County, Oregon

Polk County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, 87,433 people lived there. The county seat is Dallas. It is in the Willamette Valley.

Paraza

Paraza is a commune of 622 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Le Thor

Le Thor is a commune. It is in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

La Tour-d'Aigues

La Tour-d'Aigues is a commune. It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Vaucluse department in the south of France.

Kangaroo (1952 movie)

Kangaroo is a 1952 American Australian western movie directed by Lewis Milestone and stars Maureen O'Hara, Peter Lawford, Finlay Currie, Richard Boone. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was remade as "The Jackals" in 1967.


My Sister Eileen

My Sister Eileen is a 1955 American musical comedy movie directed by Richard Quine and based on the autobiographical short stories by Ruth McKenney. It stars Janet Leigh, Jack Lemmon, Betty Garrett, Bob Fosse, Dick York, Adelle August and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Ritva Valkama

Ritva Valkama (real name Valkama-Palo, 13 November 1932 – 8 May 2020) was a Finnish actress. She was known for her comic roles. Harrell was known for her roles in "Häpy Endkö? Eli kuinka Uuno Turhapuro sai niin kauniin ja rikkaan vaimon", "Herr Puntila and His Servant Matti" and "Borrowing Matchsticks".

Valkama died on 8 May 2020 in Helsinki, aged 87.

Andre Harrell

Andre Harrell (September 26, 1960 – May 8, 2020) was an American record producer and hip hop musician. He was born in Harlem, New York. Harrell was the founder of the record label, Uptown Records. Harrell was president/CEO of Motown Records.

He was the first half of the hip hop duo Dr. Jeckyll & Mr. Hyde. Harrell was most known as the man that turned Diddy into a music mogul.

Harrell died on May 8, 2020 at his home in Hollywood, California of heart failure at the age of 59.

Wikitongues

Wikitongues is an American non-profit organization registered in New York. Its goal is to document all the languages in the world. It was founded by Frederico Andrade, Daniel Bogre Udell and Lindie Botes in 2014.

By May 2016, 329 videos in over 200 languages were recorded for Wikitongues. As of 2018, the amount of languages increased to 350 languages, or 5% of the languages in the world, with plans to increase the amount of languages to 1000 in the coming years.

Poly is an open-source software program designed to be used to share and learn languages. Wikitongues earned $52,716 USD combined from 429 backers on Kickstarter, which helped Poly be developed. Poly is currently under development.

All videos recorded for Wikitongues are released under a CC-by-NC 4.0 license. It was recently made possible to use a CC-by-SA 4.0 license instead.


Sachiko Honda

Sachiko Honda (本田幸子, December 30, 1930 - May 1st, 2020) is a female 8-dan Japanese professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in.

The Mukai sisters (Kozue, Chiaki, Kaori) are her pupils, and all of them are professional players. She also has two sisters: Kazuko Sugiuchi (Older sister, mentor of Tomoko Kato) and Teruko Kusunoki (Younger sister), both of them are professional players.

Majority criterion

The majority criterion is a single-winner voting system criterion, used to compare these systems. The criterion says that "if one candidate is liked more by a majority (more than 50%) of voters than all other candidates, then that candidate must win".

Some voting methods that pass this criterion include any Condorcet method, instant-runoff voting, Bucklin voting, and plurality voting.

Supporters of other voting systems say that the majority criterion is actually bad, since it can lead to a tyranny of the majority where a candidate is elected who is loved by a little over half of the population and hated by everyone else. Other systems may be better at electing consensus candidates who have broader support, which is argued to make them better representatives of the population as a whole. These are described as "utilitarian" or "consensus-seeking" rather than "majoritarian". Peter Emerson supports Borda count variants, and believes that majority rule is fundamentally flawed and leads to problems such as bitterness, division, and violence, citing Northern Ireland and Bosnia as examples. Note however that in a utilitarian system, when no broadly supported candidate exists, that a minority can beat a majority because their candidate had slightly more support; because of this, utilitarian methods may not always increase consensus.

The mutual majority criterion is a more broad form of the majority criterion which allows a majority to prefer multiple candidates over all of the other candidates, rather than only one; voting methods which pass the majority criterion but fail mutual majority can encourage all but one of the majority's preferred candidates to exit the election so that one of the majority-preferred candidates wins, creating a spoiler effect. The common choose-one First-past-the-post voting method is notable for this, because major political parties often attempt to prevent more than one of their candidates from running and splitting the vote, by using primary elections.

The majority criterion says that a candidate X should win if a majority of voters say "Yes" to the question 'Do you like X more than every other candidate?'.

The Condorcet criterion is stronger. It says that a candidate X should win if for every other candidate Y, more voters agree that they prefer X over Y than the number of voters who prefer Y to X.

Satisfaction of the Condorcet criterion implies that of the majority criterion, but not vice versa. With the Condorcet criterion there may be different majorities depending on who X and Y are, but the majority criterion only applies when there is a single majority which has X as their first choice, preferred over every other candidate.


Proportionality for Solid Coalitions

Proportionality for Solid Coalitions (PSC) is a voting system criterion for ranked voting systems. It is important for giving proportional representation for voters in multiple-winner ranked voting systems.

A group of voters formula_1 is a "solid coalition" for a group of candidates formula_2, if every voter in formula_1 ranks every candidate in formula_2 ahead of every candidate that is not in formula_2.

Let formula_6 be the number of voters, formula_7 be the number of seats to be filled and formula_8 be some positive number.

formula_7–PSC is based on the Hare quota formula_11. If formula_1 is a solid coalition for formula_2 and the number of voters in formula_1 is at least formula_8 Hare quotas, then at least formula_8 candidates from formula_2 must be elected (if formula_2 has less than formula_8 candidates at all, then all of them have to be elected). This criterion was created by Michael Dummett.

formula_20–PSC is defined like formula_7–PSC, but is based on the Hagenbach-Bischoff quota formula_23 instead of the Hare quota, and the number of voters in formula_1 must exceed formula_8 Hagenbach-Bischoff quotas. It is a more general form of the majority criterion because it allows for groups of supported candidates (solid coalitions) instead of just one candidate, and there may be more than one candidate that will be elected. Because some authors call the fraction formula_23 a Droop quota, formula_20–PSC is also known as the Droop proportionality criterion.

Droop proportionality means that a majority-size solid coalition will always be able to elect at least half of the seats. This is because a majority is always over n/2 voters, and that will contain half of the Hagenbach-Bischoff quotas (There are (k+1) Hagenbach-Bischoff quotas in an election, since (n/(k+1)) * (k+1) = n, so (k+1)/2, which is half of the quotas * n/(k+1), which is the quota, = n/2).

Tomoko Ogawa

Tomoko Ogawa (小川誠子, April 1 1951 – November 15 2019) was a female 7-dan professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in.



Borrowing Matchsticks

Borrowing Matchsticks (, ) is a 1980 Finnish Russian comedy movie directed by Leonid Gaidai based on the novel by Algot Untola. It stars Yevgeny Leonov, Ritva Valkama, Vyacheslav Nevinny, Georgy Vitsin, Rita Polster, and Sergey Filippov


Winchester '73 (1950 movie)

Winchester '73 is a 1950 American western movie directed by Anthony Mann and starring James Stewart, Shelley Winters, Dan Duryea, Stephen McNally, Rock Hudson, Millard Mitchell, Tony Curtis. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was remade for television in 1967.

Two Flags West

Two Flags West is a 1950 American western movie directed by Robert Wise and starring Cornel Wilde, Joseph Cotten, Linda Darnell, Jeff Chandler, Dale Robertson. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Born to Kill (1947 movie)

Born to Kill is a 1947 American crime drama movie directed by Robert Wise and based on the 1943 novel "Deadlier than the Male" by James Gunn. It stars Lawrence Tierney, Walter Slezak, Claire Trevor, Isabel Jewell, Esther Howard and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Hangman's House

Hangman's House is a 1928 American romantic drama movie directed by John Ford and based on the novel by Brian Oswald Donn-Byrne. It stars Victor McLaglen, June Collyer, Larry Kent, Earle Fox, John Wayne and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Under My Skin (movie)

Under My Skin is a 1950 American sports drama movie directed by Jean Negulesco and based on the short story by "My Old Man" by Ernest Hemingway. It stars John Garfield, Micheline Presle, Noel Drayton, Luther Adler and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Never So Few

Never So Few is a 1959 American World War II action movie directed by John Sturges and based on the 1957 novel of the same name by Tom T. Chamales. It stars Frank Sinatra, Gina Lollobrigida, Peter Lawford, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, Brian Donlevy and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Cleansing of the Temple

The cleansing of the Temple narrative tells of Jesus making people who sold animals leave the temple in Jerusalem. These people provided animals used in the Jewish rituals of sacrifice. Jesus also drove out the money changers. The temple required that only special coins be used to buy the animals or donate to the temple. Sometimes they were corrupt and cheated people who came to worship. Jesus says they are turning the Temple into "a den of thieves". 

The Synoptic Gospels tell of this happening near the end of Jesus' life. It was one of the reasons that the Jewish leaders opposed Jesus. The Gospel of John puts it near the beginning of the three year ministry of Jesus. This makes some Bible scholars think this happened two times and others think it refers to a single time.

Châtelaudren

Châtelaudren is a former commune. It is found in the region Bretagne in the Côtes-d'Armor department in the west of France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Châtelaudren-Plouagat.

Labastide-en-Val

Labastide-en-Val is a commune of 92 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Labécède-Lauragais

Labécède-Lauragais is a commune of 412 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Vermilion, Ohio

Vermilion is a city in Ohio in the United States.
People from Vermillion include reporter and Miss Teen USA Allie LaForce. 

It is in North Ohio. It is just east of Sandunsky and west of Cleveland. Part of it is in Erie County.

Lacombe, Aude

Lacombe is a commune of 172 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lafage

Lafage is a commune of 89 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lairière

Lairière is a commune of 52 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lanet

Lanet is a commune of 57 people as of 2019. It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Laroque-de-Fa

Laroque-de-Fa is a commune of 151 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lasbordes

Lasbordes is a commune of 788 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.


Lagrasse

Lagrasse is a commune of 545 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sougraigne

Sougraigne is a commune of 112 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lastours

Lastours is a commune of 159 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Laurabuc

Laurabuc is a commune of 412 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Laurac

Laurac is a commune of 175 people (2017). It is in the Aude department in the Occitanie region in the south of France.

Laure-Minervois

Laure-Minervois is a commune of 1,055 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lavalette, Aude

Lavalette is a commune of 1,499 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lespinassière

Lespinassière is a commune of 133 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Les Martys

Les Martys is a commune of 293 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Lézignan-Corbières

Lézignan-Corbières is a commune of 11,168 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Limousis

Limousis is a commune of 129 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Leucate

Leucate is a commune of 4,428 people (2017) that is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. It lies between the Mediterranean Sea and the lagoon Étang de Leucate.

Loei province

Loei (Thai: เลย, ), is one of the least populated provinces ("changwat") of Thailand. It is in upper northeastern Thailand, also called Isan. Neighboring provinces are (from east clockwise) Nong Khai, Udon Thani, Nongbua Lamphu, Khon Kaen, Phetchabun, Phitsanulok. In the north it borders Xaignabouli and Vientiane Province of Laos.

, the provincial governor is Chaiwat Chuenkosum. The province was given 225.6 million baht in the FY2019 Thailand budget.

Tradition says that Loei was created by people from Chiang Saen, the capital of Lan Na. Khun Pha Muang created the village of Dan-kwa, and Bang Klang Hao created Dan Sai. Drought and disease later made to the people move to the site of present-day Loei. In 1907 King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) created the Loei Province. The Loei Cultural Centre (ศูนย์วัฒนธรรมจังหวัดเลย) shows Loei's history, religions, and traditions.

The land has many mountains. The seat of provincial government, Loei, is in a fertile basin where mountains are all around it. The most famous mountains in the province are Phu Kradueng, Phu Luang, and Phu Ruea. The Loei River, which flows through the province, is a tributary of the Mekong, which creates part of the northern border of the province with neighboring Laos. Phu Thap Buek, the tallest mountain of the Phetchabun Range, is in the province.

The mountain Phu Kradueng is in Phu Kradueng National Park (อุทยานแห่งชาติภูกระดึง).

The western part of the province reaches the southern end of the Luang Prabang Range mountain area of the Thai highlands.

Agriculture is an important part of Loei's economy. Macadamia nuts, passion fruit, and Arabica coffee are grown in the highlands; bananas, sesame, and rubber are grown on the plains. Loei is a popular place for tourists who want to look at the environment. This is because of Loei's natural environment and amalgam of northern and northeastern cultures.

Wang Saphung District has a big open pit gold mine that employs many people. The area has been the place of a long-standing disagreement as well as fights between the people of Ban Na Nong Bong and its environs and Tungkum Limited, a subsidiary of Tongkah Harbour PCL. Tungkum's gold mining work has been accused of environmental destruction in the courts.

The province is divided into 14 districts ("amphoe"). The districts are further divided into 89 subdistricts ("tambons") and 839 villages ("mubans").

As of 26 November 2019 there are: one Loei Provincial Administration Organisation ("ongkan borihan suan changwat") and 29 municipal ("thesaban") areas in the province. Loei with Wang Saphung have town ("thesaban mueang") status. Further 27 subdistrict municipalities ("thesaban tambon"). The non-municipal areas are governed by 71 Subdistrict Administrative Organisations - SAO ("ongkan borihan suan tambon").

Route 201 comes from Chiang Khan in the north on the border with Laos. It goes through Loei, to Non Sa-at near Chum Phae. Route 203 leads west to the area of Phu Ruea, and then turns south to Lom Sak.

Loei Airport is the local airport.

The seal of the province shows the stupa at Phra That Si Song Rak, which was built in 1560 by King Maha Chakrapat of the Ayutthaya Kingdom and King Chai Chetha of Lan Xang. It was built as a symbol of friendship between the two kingdoms. The provincial tree is the Khasi pine ("Pinus kesiya").

The slogan of the province is "city of the sea of mountains, coldest place in Siam, with beautiful flowers of three seasons."

Since 2003, United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in Thailand has watched progress on human development for the provinces using the Human achievement index (HAI). The HAI is a list including all the eight key areas of human development. National Economic and Social Development Board (NESDB) has taken over this job since 2017.

Reports (data) from Thai government are "not copyrightable" (Public Domain), Copyright Act 2537 (1994), section 7.


Katyn massacre

The Katyn massacre is the name of a series of killings by the Soviet army during World War II. Members of the NKVD killed nearly 22,000 Polish prisoners of war in a forest near Katyn, about from Smolensk. Most of the prisoners killed were officers. The Katyn massacre happened in April and May 1940. Stalin ordered it on Beria's advice. In April 1990, the Soviet Union/Russia admitted it was responsible. In 1990, Mikhail Gorbachev officially apologised. The Katyn massacre is one in a series of similar massacres where up to 100,000 people were killed. Between 400 and 450 prisoners survived. People used their stories to change Soviet history books after the apology. 

In the 1980s, Michail Gorbachev said that Beria and Vsevolod Merkulov were responsible. He said that the Katyn massacre was one of Stalin's atrocities. 

Beria was accused of treason. He was executed in 1953. Merkulov was also executed in 1953 for being close to Beria. Beria and Merkulov were never tried for what they did at Katyn.

Charco Press

Charco Press is an independent publisher based in United Kingdom. It primarily translates and publishes Latin American literature in English language. It was founded by Carolina Orloff and Samuel McDowell in 2016.


Bloomsbury Publishing

Bloomsbury Publishing plc is a British worldwide publishing house for fiction and non-fiction books. It was previously traded as M.B.N.1 Limited and Bloomsbury Publishing Company Limited. Their head office is located in Bloomsbury. Additionally they have a office in New York City in US. Their Indian publishing office is located in New Delhi, and a sales office in Sydney. In addition they have another publishing office in the UK including at Oxford..

Holtzbrinck Publishing Group

Holtzbrinck Publishing Group (German: "Verlagsgruppe Georg von Holtzbrinck") is a private publishing company of Germany. Their office is located in Stuttgart, capital of Baden-Württemberg. 

Holtzbrinck Publishing Group is one of the big five English-language publishing companies in the world. The other four publishing companies are Penguin Random House (Bertelsmann), Hachette (Lagardère), HarperCollins (News Corp), Simon & Schuster (National Amusements).


In the US, it trades through Macmillan Publishers name.


Lombards

The Lombards were a Germanic people who ruled most of the Italian Peninsula from 568 to 774. They themselves thought that they had originally come from southern Scandinavia. In ancient times they had worshiped nature, but later the worshiped Odin. They grew long beards in honor of Odin and became known as "Longobards" which means "long beards".

In about 560 A.D., Audoin, who was their leader and a warrior, was succeeded by his son Alboin, a young and energetic leader. He defeated some neighboring tribes and then, in the spring of 568, Alboin led the Lombard migration into Italy. According to the "History of the Lombards," "Then the Langobards, having left Pannonia, hastened to take possession of Italy with their wives and children and all their goods."

When they came to Italy, most of the Lombards still followed their old religion, but some were Arian Christians. Most of them later adopted Orthodox Christian views. In later years they fought with the Franks and later the Muslims. The Normans also fought with them between 1017 and 1078 A.D. As a result, Italy consisted of many small states until modern times.

Demi Lovato discography

American singer Demi Lovato has released eight studio albums, two video albums, two soundtrack albums, five extended plays (EPs), 44 singles (including 13 as a featured artist), 11 promotional singles.



List of songs recorded by Demi Lovato

American entertainer Demi Lovato has recorded materials for six studio albums. Prior to launching her music career,


La Louvière-Lauragais

La Louvière-Lauragais is a commune of 77 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Luc-sur-Orbieu

Luc-sur-Orbieu is a commune of 1,144 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mailhac

Mailhac is a commune of 567 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Maisons, Aude

Maisons is a commune of 46 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Malves-en-Minervois

Malves-en-Minervois is a commune of 854 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Marcorignan

Marcorignan is a commune of 1,300 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Marseillette

Marseillette is a commune of 712 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mas-Cabardès

Mas-Cabardès is a commune of 185 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montauriol, Aude

Montauriol is a commune of 88 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mas-des-Cours

Mas-des-Cours is a commune of 25 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Massac, Aude

Massac is a commune of 29 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mas-Saintes-Puelles

Mas-Saintes-Puelles is a commune of 922 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mayreville

Mayreville is a commune of 75 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mayronnes

Mayronnes is a commune of 35 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mézerville

Mézerville is a commune of 95 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Miraval-Cabardès

Miraval-Cabardès is a commune of 46 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mirepeisset

Mirepeisset is a commune of 769 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mireval-Lauragais

Mireval-Lauragais is a commune of 171 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Molandier

Molandier is a commune of 237 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montbrun-des-Corbières

Montbrun-des-Corbières is a commune of 309 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montgaillard, Aude

Montgaillard is a commune of 42 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montirat, Aude

Montirat is a commune of 74 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montjoi, Aude

Montjoi is a commune of 37 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montmaur, Aude

Montmaur is a commune of 307 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Monze, Aude

Monze is a commune of 227 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Montréal, Aude

Montréal is a commune of 1,896 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. It is just west of Carcassonne.

Montolieu

Montolieu is a commune of 846 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Bridgeport, Nebraska

Bridgeport is a city in Nebraska in the United States. It is the county seat of Morrill County.

95 (number)

Ninety-five is a number. It comes after ninety-four and before ninety-six, and is an odd number. It is divisible by 1, 5, 19, and 95.

In Roman numerals, it is XCV.

Montredon-des-Corbières

Montredon-des-Corbières is a commune of 1,477 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Crook County, Oregon

Crook County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 24,738 people. The county seat is Prineville.

Emington, Illinois

Emington is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Flanagan, Illinois

Flanagan is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Odell, Illinois

Odell is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Young Sheldon

Young Sheldon is an American comedy television series on CBS created by Chuck Lorre and Steven Molaro. The series is a spin-off prequel to "The Big Bang Theory", and premiered as a special preview on September 25, 2017, and two days later, CBS picked up the series for a full season of 22 episodes. On November 2, 2017, new episodes began airing weekly.

Coos County, Oregon

Coos County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 64,929 people. The county seat is Coquille.

King's Field

King's Field is an action RPG made by FromSoftware. The game's design would influence how FromSoftware would make their later games, especially the "Souls" series, "Bloodborne", and "". Like From's later games, it is a high difficulty RPG where the player would have a slow attack speed. Due to this. the player will need to master the spacing and time of their attacks. However, what makes "King's Field" different from the later From games is that the game is played from a first-person point-of-view, whereas the later games would be from a third-person point-of-view. 

Confusingly, the game called "King's Field" that came out in the United States was actually called "King's Field II" in Japan.

Prince Frederick, Maryland

Prince Frederick is a census-designated place (CDP) in the U.S. state of Maryland. It is the county seat of Calvert County. As of the 2020 census, the CDP's population was 3,226.

Bloodborne

Bloodborne is an action RPG made by FromSoftware led by Hidetaka Miyazaki. It is very similar to FromSoftware's other games, the "Souls" series. The game has many similar features from the "Souls" series. Below are the similarities.


While the game has many similarities with the "Souls" series, there are also some big differences as well. Below are the differences.


Scarlet Pages

Scarlet Pages is a 1930 crime drama film directed by Ray Enright and based on the play of the same name. It stars Elsie Ferguson, Marian Nixon, John Halliday, Grant Withers, William B. Davidson and distributed by Warner Bros..


Wara Wara

Wara Wara is a 1930 Bolivian romantic drama movie directed by José María Velasco Maidana and stars Juanita Taillansier, Martha de Velasco, Arturo Borda, Guillermo Viscarra Fabre, Emmo Reyes. It was distributed by Urania Film.

Darrin Patrick

Darrin Patrick (December 4, 1970 – May 7, 2020) was an American author and teaching pastor. He was born in Marion, Illinois.

He taught at Seacoast Church in Charleston South Carolina. He was a pastor of The Journey, a megachurch in St. Louis, Missouri, which he founded in 2002. He was the chaplain to the St. Louis Cardinals and was the author of several books. 

Patrick was the vice-president of the Acts 29 Network, an international church planting organization, and a council member of The Gospel Coalition.

Patrick shot himself on May 7, 2020 at the age of 49.


Kristina Lugn

Gunhild Bricken Kristina Lugn (; 14November 1948 – 9 May 2020) was a Swedish poet. She was a member of the Swedish Academy. She was born in Tierp, Sweden. She was known for her many works with Henning Mankell, such as the novel "Tjuvbadarna". She was a television presenter for the show Oförutsett which was broadcast on SVT in 1987. She presented the show along with Jörn Donner and Bert Karlsson.

Lugn was found dead at her home in Stockholm on 9 May 2020, aged 71.

Kjell Espmark

Kjell Erik Espmark (19 February 1930 – 18 September 2022) was a Swedish writer and literary historian. 

He is a member of the Swedish Academy and Professor of the History of Literature at Stockholm University. He was elected to the Swedish Academy on 5 March 1981. Espmark replaced the linguist Elias Wessén to Seat No.16. On 6 April 2018 Espmark announced that he would no longer participate in the work of the Academy, but returned to his seat in January 2019. 

He was born in Strömsund, Sweden.

Kerstin Ekman

Kerstin Lillemor Ekman ("née" Hjorth; born 27 August 1933) is a Swedish novelist. She was born in Risinge, Finspång, Östergötland County. She is known for her 1993 mystery novel "Blackwater". Ekman was elected member of the Swedish Academy in 1978, but left the Academy in 1989.

Per Wästberg

Per Erik Wästberg (born 20 November 1933) is a Swedish writer. He became a member of the Swedish Academy in 1997. Wästberg was born in Stockholm. He was editor-in-chief of Sweden's largest daily newspaper, "Dagens Nyheter", from 1976 to 1982.

He was President of International PEN from 1979 until 1986 and member of the Nobel Prize for Literature committee. He was the founder of the Swedish section of Amnesty International (1963).

Allan Edwall

Johan Allan Edwall (25 August 1924 – 7 February 1997) was a Swedish actor, director, author, composer and singer. He appeared in some of Ingmar Bergman's movies such as "Fanny and Alexander" (1982). He was also known for starring in television movies based on the children's stories by Astrid Lindgren. He was also known for his role in "Emil and the Piglet". He was born in Rödön, Sweden.

Edwall died on 7 February 1997 in Stockholm of prostate cancer, aged 72.

Abraham Palatnik

Abraham Palatnik (February 2, 1928 – May 9, 2020) was a Brazilian artist and inventor. His worked were kinechromatic art. Palatnik was born in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte. He was seen as an important person of technological art. Some of his works were in the First Biennial of São Paulo in 1951. 

He lived from 1932 to 1947 in Israel before settling in Rio de Janeiro.

Palatnik died from COVID-19 on May 9, 2020 in Rio de Janeiro, aged 92.

Space Force (TV series)

Space Force is an American comedy web television series. It was created by Greg Daniels and Steve Carell. It stars Carell, John Malkovich, Ben Schwartz, Diana Silvers, Lisa Kudrow, Jane Lynch with Tawny Newsome and the late Fred Willard. The series premiered on Netflix on May 29, 2020.

"Space Force" is a workplace comedy series that centers on a group of people in charge of creating the sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces, the United States Space Force.

Condorcet loser criterion

In single-winner voting system theory, the Condorcet loser criterion (CLC) is used to compare different voting systems. Any voting system that passes the CLC will also pass the majority loser criterion.

A voting system that passes the Condorcet loser criterion will never allow a "Condorcet loser" to win. A Condorcet loser is a candidate who would lose a head-to-head competition against each other candidate. (Not all elections will have a Condorcet loser since it is possible for every candidate to lose against at least one other candidate head-to-head.)

Any voting method that passes the Smith criterion will also pass the Condorcet loser criterion, because the Condorcet loser doesn't pairwise beat anyone, and so could not be in the Smith set.

Voting methods that pass include: two-round system, instant-runoff voting (AV), contingent vote, borda count, Schulze method, ranked pairs, and Kemeny-Young method. Any voting method that ends in a runoff passes the criterion, because the Condorcet loser will lose in any head-to-head competition.

Voting methods that don't pass include: plurality voting, supplementary voting, Sri Lankan contingent voting, approval voting, range voting, Bucklin voting and minimax Condorcet.


Mutual majority criterion

The mutual majority criterion is a criterion used to compare voting systems. It is also known as the majority criterion for solid coalitions and the generalized majority criterion. The criterion says that if a majority of voters like a group of candidates more than all of the other candidates, then one of the candidates in the group must win. This is similar to but but more broad than the majority criterion, where the group of candidates can only have one candidate in it. The Droop proportionality criterion is a more broad form of the mutual majority criterion, which also applies to multi-winner elections.

The Schulze method, ranked pairs, instant-runoff voting, Nanson's method, and Bucklin voting pass this criterion. All Smith-efficient Condorcet methods pass the mutual majority criterion.

The plurality vote, approval voting, range voting, the Borda count, and minimax fail this criterion.

Voting methods which pass the majority criterion but fail mutual majority can have a spoiler effect, since if a minority-preferred candidate wins, and all of the candidates preferred by the majority, except for one, leave the election, then the remaining majority-preferred candidate will win instead.

Solid rocket booster

A solid rocket booster is a propulsion device that uses solid propellant as fuel.

1987 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1987 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1986–87 season, and the culmination of the 1987 Stanley Cup playoffs. It was contested between the Edmonton Oilers and the Philadelphia Flyers. The Oilers won the series 4–3, for their third Stanley Cup victory. This would be the fifth of eight consecutive Finals contested by a team from Alberta (the Oilers appeared in six, the Calgary Flames in two), and the fourth of five consecutive Finals to end with the Cup presentation on Alberta ice (the Oilers won four times, the Montreal Canadiens once).


Rashida Hamid

Rashida Hamid also known as Rashida Khanom is a Bangladeshi public figure, 8th First Lady of Bangladesh and the wife of former President Abdul Hamid. Rashida was the country's first lady from 24 April 2013 to 24 April 2023.

Rashida was born at Jafrabad, Karimganj. Her father name is Abdul Halim Khan. Rashida completed her graduation from Gurudayal Government College. In 1964 Rashida was married to Abdul Hamid. They have 3 son and 1 daughter together.

Rashida was heading a kindergarten school as the head teacher since Abdul Hamid became the speaker.

Djoko Santoso

General Djoko Santoso (; 8 September 1952 – 10 May 2020) was an Indonesian general. He was Chief of Staff of the Indonesian Army from 2005 to 2007. He was then appointed to the highest military office which is Commander of the Indonesian National Armed Forces. He had the job from 2007 until his retirement in 2010.

Santoso died on 10 May 2020 of surgery-related problems, aged 67.


Bhojpuri language

Bhojpuri Language is an Indo-Aryan language which is spoken in northern-eastern India and It is mainly spoken in the Indian states of Bihar, and Uttar Pradesh. There are also Bhojpuri speakers in Suriname. The language is written in Devanagari.

George Kauffman

George Bernard Kauffman (September 4, 1930 – May 2, 2020) was an American chemist and educator. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Kauffman was a Professor of Chemistry at California State University, Fresno. In 1978, Kauffman was honored with the Dexter Award from the American Chemical Society. He was a Guggenheim Fellow.

Kauffman died on May 2, 2020 at his home in Fresno, California at the age of 89.

1984 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1984 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1983–84 season, and the culmination of the 1984 Stanley Cup playoffs. It was contested between the Edmonton Oilers and the defending champion New York Islanders. The upstart Oilers won the best-of-seven series, four games to one, to win their first Stanley Cup, becoming the third post-1967 expansion team and first former World Hockey Association team to win the Cup, and also the first team based west of Chicago to win the Cup since the WCHL's Victoria Cougars became the last non-NHL team to win it in .


Follow Thru

Follow Thru is a 1930 American romantic musical comedy movie. It was directed by Lloyd Corrigan. The movie is based on the 1929 musical of the same name. Actors include Charles "Buddy" Rogers, Nancy Carroll, Zelma O'Neal, Jack Haley, Eugene Pallette, and Thelma Todd. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


1985 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1985 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1984–85 season, and the culmination of the 1985 Stanley Cup playoffs. It was contested between the defending champion Edmonton Oilers (in their third straight Finals appearance) and the Philadelphia Flyers. The Oilers would win the best-of-seven series, four games to one, to win their second Stanley Cup. It was also the sixth straight Finals contested between teams that joined the NHL in 1967 or later. This was the last time, until 2022, that a team would appear in the Finals for three straight season. This would be the third of eight consecutive Finals contested by a team from Alberta (the Oilers appeared in six, the Calgary Flames in and ), and the second of five consecutive Finals to end with the Cup presentation on Alberta ice (the Oilers won four of those times, the Montreal Canadiens once).


Love That Brute

Love That Brute is a 1950 American crime comedy movie. It was directed by Alexander Hall. It is a remake of the 1941 movie "Tall, Dark and Handsome". It stars Paul Douglas, Jean Peters, Cesar Romero, and Keenan Wynn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Mother Didn't Tell Me

Mother Didn't Tell Me is a 1950 American comedy movie. It was directed by Claude Binyon. The movie is based on the 1949 book "The Doctor Wears Three Faces" by Mary Bard. Actors include Dorothy McGuire, William Lundigan, June Havoc, Gary Merrill, and Jessie Royce Landis. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Castle Tour

The Castle Tour is a 1986 Swedish television film directed by Claes Eriksson and Lars Gustavsson and the second film to star the members of Galenskaparna och After Shave.

Some tourists are shown around an old castle (Tjolöholm Castle) by a guide (Peter Rangmar), who speaks a homemade version of English that cannot be understood, not knowing the tourists are Swedish. For example, the guide calls the upper class "Bimbodocksockers". During the tour, the group comes upon various events, which the guide does not know is happening.



University of Tokyo Press

The is a university press affiliated with the University of Tokyo in Japan. It was founded in 1951, following the post-World War II reorganization of the university. They received the special prize from the Japan foundation in 1990.
The University of Tokyo Press has published many textbooks for various scientific areas. For example, they have textbooks for

1990 Stanley Cup Finals

The Edmonton Oilers defeated the Boston Bruins in five games, capturing their fifth Stanley Cup Championship. Game five was played on May 24, 1990 at the Boston Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. This victory marked the first time the Oilers would win the Stanley Cup without Wayne Gretzky. 

The victory also became the first time the Oilers would win the Stanley Cup on the road, away from Northlands Coliseum. Game one in Boston would eventually be settled in the third overtime period when Petr Klima scored at 15:13 for the Oilers. 

The final score of game one was 3 to 2 for Edmonton. The Oilers Bill Ranford was awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy, honoring him as the most valuable player of the 1990 Stanley Cup Playoffs.

Montséret

Montséret is a commune of 594 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France. It is a small wine-producing village in the wine district of Corbières.

Moussan

Moussan is a commune of 1,940 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Moussoulens

Moussoulens is a commune of 1,018 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Mouthoumet

Mouthoumet is a commune of 107 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Moux

Moux is a commune of 701 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Névian

Névian is a commune of 1,301 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ornaisons

Ornaisons is a commune of 1,181 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Orsans, Aude

Orsans is a commune of 104 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Ouveillan

Ouveillan is a commune of 2,463 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Padern

Padern is a commune of 132 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Palairac

Palairac is a commune of 30 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Palaja

Palaja is a commune of 2,357 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Palme, Aude

La Palme is a commune of 1,693 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Payra-sur-l'Hers

Payra-sur-l'Hers is a commune of 205 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department. This is in the south of France.

Paziols

Paziols is a commune of 528 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pécharic-et-le-Py

Pécharic-et-le-Py is a commune of 27 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pennautier

Pennautier is a commune of 2,554 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pépieux

Pépieux is a commune of 1,068 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pexiora

Pexiora is a commune of 1,226 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

The Affairs of Susan

The Affairs of Susan is a 1945 American romantic comedy movie. It was directed by William A. Seiter. Actors include Joan Fontaine, George Brent, Dennis O'Keefe, and Walter Abel. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1946.


Peyrefitte-sur-l'Hers

Peyrefitte-sur-l'Hers is a commune of 75 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

The Nevadan

The Nevadan is a 1950 American western movie. It was directed by Gordon Douglas. Actors include Randolph Scott, Dorothy Malone, Forrest Tucker, Frank Faylen, and George Macready. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Kansas Raiders

Kansas Raiders is a 1950 American western movie. It was directed by Ray Enright. Actors include Audie Murphy, Tony Curtis, Brian Donlevy, Marguerite Chapman, Scott Brady, Richard Arlen, and Richard Egan. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. It is set during the American Civil Warr, and it is about Jesse James joining William Quantrill.


Straight Time

Straight Time is a 1978 American crime drama movie. It was directed by Ulu Grosbard. The movie is based on the book "No Beast So Fierce" by Edward Bunker (who also stars). Other actors include Dustin Hoffman, Theresa Russell, Harry Dean Stanton, M. Emmet Walsh, Kathy Bates, and Gary Busey. It was distributed by Warner Bros.


Peyrens

Peyrens is a commune of 496 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Peyriac-de-Mer

Peyriac-de-Mer is a commune of 1,113 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Paul Landowski

Paul Maximilien Landowski (1 June 1875 – 31 March 1961) was a French sculptor. Landowski was born in the 9th arrondissement of Paris and died in Boulogne-Billancourt.

He is famous for creating the "Christ the Redeemer" in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He created it in 1931. He worked with Heitor da Silva Costa, who was an engineer, and Gheorghe Leonida, an architect.

Peyriac-Minervois

Peyriac-Minervois is a commune of 1,139 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pezens

Pezens is a commune of 1,525 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Plavilla

Plavilla is a commune of 110 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Pomarède

La Pomarède is a commune of 143 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Portel-des-Corbières

Portel-des-Corbières is a commune of 1,357 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Pouzols-Minervois

Pouzols-Minervois is a commune of 547 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Curry County, Oregon

Curry County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 23,446 people. The county seat is Gold Beach.

Deschutes County, Oregon

Deschutes County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 198,253 people. The county seat is Bend.

Sabarkantha district

Sabarkantha is a medium populated district in North Gujarat.

Steve Wilkos

Steven John Wilkos (born March 9, 1964) is an American television personality, who has been hosting "The Steve Wilkos Show" since 2007.

Lassi

Lassi (Urdu:لسی) is a popular traditional dahi (yogurt)-based drink that originated in the Indian subcontinent. Lassi is a blend of yoghurt, water, spices and sometimes fruit. Namkeen (salty) lassi is similar to doogh, while sweet and mango lassis are like milkshakes.

If I Can't Have You

"If I Can't Have You" is a song by Canadian singer Shawn Mendes. It was released as the lead single (sixth overall) from the deluxe edition of Mendes' self-titled third studio album through Island Records on May 3, 2019. The music video was released the same day. "If I Can't Have You" has reached number one in Hungary and China, as well as the top five in Australia, Austria, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Malaysia, New Zealand, Scotland, Slovakia, and the United States.

Karl Schwarzschild

Karl Schwarzschild (9 October 1873 – 11 May 1916) was a German physicist and astronomer.

Best known for his solution to Einstein's equations of general relativity, which describes the gravitational field outside a non-rotating black hole with no magnetic field.

The equation describes how a particle moves space near this black hole (using spherical coordinates). 
formula_1

ds is the path it follows 
dt is the change in time 
dr is the change in radius 
dformula_2 and dformula_3 are the change in angle 
formula_2 is also the angle 
formula_5 is the set radius limit of the heavy object 
r is how close the travelling object is to the heavy object 
c is the speed of light

This equation is also known as the Schwarzschild metric or Schwarzschild solution.

Silver(I,III) oxide

Silver(I,III) oxide is a chemical compound that results from the oxidation of silver. As the silver is charged, it can be used in batteries, for example silver-zinc batteries.

A Yank in the RAF

A Yank in the RAF is a 1941 American World War II adventure movie directed by Henry King and starring Tyrone Power, Betty Grable, John Sutton, Lester Matthews, Reginald Gardiner, Ralph Byrd, Frederick Worlock. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1941.


Ralph P. Locke

Ralph P. Locke (born 1949) is an American music researcher and professor emeritus of musicology at Eastman School of Music in New York. He one of the most well known classical music critics in the United States. He founded the "Eastman Studies in Music" series. He is a contributor to "The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians" and several other books, and has been editor of several journals. He is also "one of the most published musicologists on orientalism and music." Locke earned his bachelor's degree at Harvard University and his doctorate at the University of Chicago.


Week-End in Havana

Week-End in Havana (also known as A Week-End in Havana and That Week-End in Havana) is a 1941 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by Walter Lang. It stars Alice Faye, Carmen Miranda, John Payne, Cesar Romero. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and is the follow up to the 1940 movie "Down Argentine Way" and "That Night in Rio".


Marcus Paus

Marcus Nicolay Paus (born 14 October 1979) () is a Norwegian composer. He is known for his orientation toward tradition, tonality and melody. His work includes chamber music, choral works, solo works, concerts, orchestral works, operas, symphonies, and works for theatre, film and television.


Convicted (1950 movie)

Convicted is a 1950 American crime film noir drama directed by Henry Levin and is the third adaption film the 1929 play "The Criminal Code" by Martin Flavin. It stars Glenn Ford, Broderick Crawford, Millard Mitchell, Dorothy Malone, Carl Benton Reid, Ed Begley, Douglas Kennedy, Martha Stewart, Frank Faylen and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Hawaii Five-O

Hawaii Five-O is an American police procedural drama series. The show originally aired for 12 seasons from 1968 to 1980, and continues in reruns. It was the longest-running police drama in television.

The series was rebooted on CBS in 2010.

Jack Horner (politician)

John Henry "Jack" Horner (July 20, 1927 – November 18, 2004) was a Canadian politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada for the electoral areas of Acadia and Crowfoot. He was an MP from 1958 to 1979. Horner is famous for fighting very hard for ranchers and farmers.

When he was in politics, Horner was very well-known for being a right-wing politician. He strongly supported the Progressive Conservative Prime Minister from 1957 to 1963, John Diefenbaker. Many of his family were very important in Western Canadian politics. They were all part of a group called "Diefenbaker's cowboys". Horner tried to become the leader of the Progressive Conservative Party many times. After he lost to Joe Clark in trying to become the leader in 1976, he crossed the floor, or changed the political party he was part of. He went from the Progressive Conservative Party to the Liberal Party.

After he became a Liberal, Pierre Trudeau made him a cabinet minister. He became a Minister without portfolio, then the Minister of Industry, Trade, and Commerce. He lost his election in 1979. He later became a part of the board of directors of the Canadian National Railway.

Horner died in Calgary, Alberta at the age of 77.

Icing

Icing may refer to:



Panic in the Streets (movie)

Panic in the Streets is a 1950 American crime thriller movie directed by Elia Kazan and stars Jack Palance, Richard Widmark, Paul Douglas, Barbara Bel Geddes, Zero Mostel, Tommy Rettig. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and won an Academy Award in 1950.


Betty Wright

Bessie Regina Norris (December 21, 1953 – May 10, 2020), better known by her stage name Betty Wright, was an American soul and R&B singer-songwriter and background vocalist. She became famous in the 1970s with hits such as "Clean Up Woman" and "Tonight Is the Night". 

Wright was born in Miami, Florida. Wright died of endometrial cancer on May 10, 2020 in Miami. She was 66.

Sérgio Sant'Anna

Sérgio Sant'Anna (October 30, 1941 – May 10, 2020) was a Brazilian writer. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He wrote poems, plays, short stories, novellas and novels. His works have been translated to German and Italian.

Sant'Anna was known for his collection of poems titled "O Concerto de João Gilberto no Rio de Janeiro". He also wrote the 1981 play "Um Romance de Geração". His 2003 short novel " O vôo da madrugada" was translated to many languages. 

Sant'Anna died on May 10, 2020 in Rio de Janeiro of COVID-19, aged 78.

Battleground (1949 movie)

Battleground is a 1949 American World War II action movie directed by William A. Wellman and stars Van Johnson, John Hodiak, Ricardo Montalbán, George Murphy, Marshall Thompson, James Whitmore, Douglas Fowley. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was nominated for 6 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1950.


Ignacio de Loyola Brandão

Ignácio de Loyola Brandão (born 31 July 1936) is a Brazilian writer. He is best known as the author of the dystopian science-fiction novel "Zero". He was a critic of totalitarianism. In 2008, he was awarded the Prêmio Jabuti for his novel "O Menino que Vendia Palavras" (The Boy who Sold Words). He was born in Araraquara, São Paulo.


Elopement (movie)

Elopement is a 1951 American romantic comedy movie directed by Henry Koster and starring Clifton Webb, Anne Francis, Charles Bickford, William Lundigan. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Richard Sala

Richard Sala (June 2, 1954 – May 7, 2020) was an American horror cartoonist, illustrator, and comic book creator. He was born in Oakland, California. He was raised in West Chicago, Illinois. 

Two of his books, "The Chuckling Whatsit" and "Mad Night" began as serials. "The Chuckling Whatsit" first appeared in the anthology "Zero Zero". Sala has also worked on projects with Lemony Snicket, Steve Niles and The Residents and illustrated "Doctor Sax and The Great World Snake"

In 2014, Sala began writing and drawing a webcomic entitled Super-Enigmatix. In 2016, Sala began a second webcomic, The Bloody Cardinal, also about a mystery-shrouded super-criminal.

On May 9, 2020, Sala's death was announced, aged 65.

Stanley Miller

Stanley Lloyd Miller (March 7, 1930 – May 20, 2007) was an American chemist. He was known for discovering the Miller–Urey experiment, which showed that complex organic molecules could be synthesised from inorganic precursors. He was seen as the "father of prebiotic chemistry".

Balloon boy hoax

The "Balloon Boy" hoax happened on October 15, 2009, when a homemade helium-filled gas balloon shaped to look like a silver flying saucer was released into the air above Fort Collins, Colorado, by Richard and Mayumi Heene. They then said that their six-year-old son Falcon was trapped inside it. Falcon was nicknamed "Balloon Boy" in the media.

After flying for more than an hour and about , the balloon landed about northeast of Denver International Airport. When Falcon was not found inside and it was reported that an object had been seen falling from the balloon, a search was begun. Later that day, the boy was found hiding in the attic of his home, where he had apparently been the entire time.

Many people later believed the entire event was a hoax. After Wolf Blitzer asked why he was hiding, Falcon said to his father, "You guys said that, um, we did this for the show." On October 18, 2009, Larimer County sheriff Jim Alderden announced his statement that the event was a hoax and that the parents would likely face many felony charges. 

On November 13, 2009, Richard Heene pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to 90 days in jail and ordered to pay $36,000, and Mayumi Heene was sentenced to 20 days of weekend jail.

On December 23, 2020, Governor Jared Polis issued pardons to the Heenes.

Carmichael, California

Carmichael is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sacramento County, California, United States. It is a suburb in the Greater Sacramento metropolitan area. The population was 79,793 at the 2020 census.

Jan Aling

Jan Aling (24 June 1949 – 9 May 2020) was a Dutch road cyclist. Aling was born in Bunne (Drenthe).

He won several races including Omloop der Kempen, stages in the Milk race (now called Tour of Britain), stage in the Olympia's Tour and the Ronde van Overijssel. He became professional in 1974, and would be a professional until 1984. He rode twice in the Vuelta a España (1976 edition, and 1980 edition).

Aling died at a hospital in Eindhoven on 9 May 2020, three days after having had a cardiac arrest, aged 70.

Pedro Pablo León

Pedro Pablo León García (29 June 1943 – 9 May 2020) was a Peruvian footballer. He was born in Lima, Peru. From 1963 to 1973, he played for the national team. He also played for Alianza Lima, Barcelona, Deportivo Galicia, Deportivo Municipal and Juan Aurich. His career lasted from 1961 to 1976.

León died on 9 May 2020 in Lima of pneumonia caused by kidney failure, aged 76.

Jan Saxl

Jan Saxl (5 June 1948 – 2 May 2020) was a Czech-British mathematician. He was a professor at the University of Cambridge. He was known for his work in finite group theory. Saxl was born in Brno, in what was at the time Czechoslovakia. He worked at the University of Illinois at Chicago, and had a lecturer position at the University of Glasgow.

He was elected as a fellow of Gonville and Caius College in 1986, and he retired in 2015.

Saxl died on 2 May 2020 after a long-illness, aged 71.

Halls of Montezuma (1951 movie)

Halls of Montezuma is a 1951 American World War II action movie directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Richard Widmark, Richard Boone, Jack Palance, Karl Malden, Robert Wagner, Reginald Gardiner, Neville Brand, Jack Webb, Martin Milner. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Reiko Kobayashi

Reiko Kobayashi (1939-1996, 小林禮子, former name is Reiko Kitani, 木谷禮子) is a Japanese female 7-dan professional Go player at Nihon Ki-in.

Reiko Kobayashi has several professional players in her family.


The Feminine Touch (1941 movie)

The Feminine Touch is a 1941 American comedy movie directed by W.S. Van Dyke and starring Rosalind Russell, Don Ameche, Kay Francis, Donald Meek, Van Heflin. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

For You Alone

For You Alone is a 1945 British World War II romance movie directed by Geoffrey Faithfull and starring Lesley Brook, Dinah Sheridan, Jimmy Hanley. It was distributed by Buther's Film Service.


Burghclere

Burghclere is a small village and civil parish in Hampshire, England. According to the 2011 census, the village had a population of 1,152 people. It is near the border with West Berkshire.

There are three schools in Burghclere: Burghclere primary school and the Clere school are both local authority schools. St Michael's school is an independent Catholic school. 

Burghclere is home to Sandham Memorial Chapel, which is a National Trust property that houses some of a 20th century artist Stanley Spencer's paintings.

Burghclere has some beautiful rural scenery, so you can walk along the old railway, through many fields, or go for a hike. In the winter time, if it snows, Beacon Hill, or Jacob's Ladder, are where many young people and older people gather for snowballing or sledging.

Church of the Ascension is the church in Burghclere. Burghclere Primary School uses it for their Easter, Harvest and Christmas services. The Burghclere Primary School Brass Band occasionally plays at the church services. The church was consecrated in 1838. The church had a spire added and it was restored during 1874 / 1875 and reopened on 13th May 1875 (Ascension Day). There are six bells at the church, three were originally at All Saints church in the village of Newtown, another was acquired in 1838 and to commemorate the jubilees of Queen Victoria, two treble bells were added, one in 1887 and 1897.

Opposite Burghclere Primary School, there is Burghclere Sports Club and an amazing children's playground. The Sports Club has a large field where people can take different games or sports equipment to play with. This is also where the children at Burghclere Primary School do their Cross Country Running. A new miniature railway is also being installed here.

Golden Girl (1951 movie)

Golden Girl is a 1951 American musical movie directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Mitzi Gaynor, Dale Robertson, Dennis Day, Una Merkel. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1952.


Arch of Triumph (1948 movie)

Arch of Triumph is a 1948 American World War II romantic drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and based on the 1945 novel of the same name by Erich Maria Remarque. It stars Ingrid Bergman, Charles Boyer, Charles Laughton, Ruth Warrick, Norman Lloyd, Stephen Bekassy and was distributed by United Artists. It was remade in 1985 for a Television film.


Pradelles-Cabardès

Pradelles-Cabardès is a commune of 143 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Preixan

Preixan is a commune of 619 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Puginier

Puginier is a commune of 152 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Puichéric

Puichéric is a commune of 1,191 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Quintillan

Quintillan is a commune of 52 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Raissac-d'Aude

Raissac-d'Aude is a commune of 263 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Supreme leader

A supreme leader or supreme ruler is a title used by many dictators or rulers of countries who have full power over the government.

Supreme leader may refer to:

Chaise

A chaise, sometimes called chay or shay, is a lightweight two- or four-wheeled carriage. It is made for one or two people. It is used for travel or leisure. It has a folding hood or calash top. The name, in use in England before 1700, came from the French word [“chaise”] (meaning “chair”) through a transfer from a sedan-chair to a wheeled vehicle. 

Urban sprawl

Urban sprawl is the name of a city growing in areas which have been unpopulated so far. This growth happens once the city has reached a certain size. In general, this growth also happens without regard for the planned growth, called urban planning. In the Middle Ages, there was the benefit of being protected when people lived inside the city. In modern times, there is no such benefit, and the only disadvantage is that it takes longer for people to get to the city center. People disagree about the exact definition of urban sprawl and how to measure it.

The term urban sprawl is a political one, and almost always has a negative connotation (usually that of the uncontrolled growth of a city).

Raissac-sur-Lampy

Raissac-sur-Lampy is a commune of 456 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

La Redorte

La Redorte is a commune of 1,161 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Leckford

Leckford is a village and civil parish in Hampshire, England.

Douglas County, Oregon

Douglas County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 111,201 people. The county seat is Roseburg.

Gilliam County, Oregon

Gilliam County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 1,995 people. The county seat is Condon.

Hood River County, Oregon

Hood River County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 23,977 people. The county seat is Hood River.

Josephine County, Oregon

Josephine County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 88,090 people. The county seat is Grants Pass.

Vale, Oregon

Vale is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Malheur County.

Condon, Oregon

Condon is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Gilliam County.

Wheeler County, Oregon

Wheeler County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 1,451 people. The county seat is Fossil. It is the smallest county by population in Oregon.

Lake County, Oregon

Lake County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 8,160 people. The county seat is Lakeview.

The Dalles, Oregon

The Dalles is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Wasco County and is on the Columbia River. As of the 2020 census, 16,010 people live there.

Coquille, Oregon

Coquille is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Coos County.

Ribaute

Ribaute is a commune of 276 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Hedge school

Hedge schools were small unofficial schools in Ireland. They existed during the 18th and 19th century. These were illegal schools. They were designed to give primary education to children of Catholic and Presbyterian faiths. At that time, the laws only allows schools for people of the Anglican faith. 

In the Irish language, these schools were called scoil chois claí"illegal, scoil ghairid or scoil scairte".

Alliebrack National School

Alliebrack National School is a national school located on the west coast of Connemara. The school is also known as "St. Caillín's National School".

The school was built in 1884 and had 2 teachers.

TEFL Institute of Ireland

The TEFL Institute of Ireland is an Irish-based TEFL/TESOL school which has been providing online Level 5 Ofqual (UK Government Regulated) courses and live classroom training. The idea behind the Institute originated in 2001 when founder Caroline and her husband traveled to Costa Rica to voluntarily teach English. 

Since Caroline founded the TEFL Institute of Ireland in 2016, it has trained thousands of people to teach English as a foreign language. It’s now one of the most accredited TEFL course providers.

It was a finalist in Government Regulated (OFQUAL) Best Education category in Waterford.

Barbara Babcock

Barbara Babcock (born February 27, 1937) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Grace Gardner on "Hill Street Blues", for which she won an Emmy Award in 1981, and her role as Dorothy Jennings on "Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman". She was born in Fort Riley, Kansas.


Yuri Gryadunov

Yuri Stepanovich Gryadunov (; 2 December 1929 – 8 May 2020) was a Soviet and Russian diplomat. He was Ambassador of Russia to Jordan from 1990 to 1992. He was born in Omsk Oblast.

He was honored with the Order of the Badge of Honour, the Order of Friendship of Peoples, the Order of the Red Banner of Labour, and the Medal "For Labour Valour". He was a member of the Imperial Orthodox Palestine Society and of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of the Russian Federation.

Gryadunov died on 8 May 2020 in Moscow, aged 90.

Double Rainbow (viral video)

Double Rainbow is a viral video filmed by Paul "Bear" Vasquez (September 5, 1962 – May 9, 2020). The clip, filmed in his front yard just outside Yosemite National Park, in the U.S. state of California, shows his excited reaction to a double rainbow. Vasquez's video has had more than 47 million views on YouTube.

In 2011, Vasquez appeared in a commercial for Vodafone New Zealand, making fun the video.

The video appeared as the first scene of the 2013 movie "We're the Millers". Two years earlier, Bear had appeared in Jennifer Aniston's ad for Smartwater.

Vasquez died at his home in Mariposa, California on May 9, 2020 from a possible case of COVID-19, aged 57.


Ryazan Oblast

Ryazan Oblast () is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Ryazan, which is the oblast's largest city. Population: 1,154,114 (2010 Census).

Timo Honkela

Timo Honkela (August 4, 1962 – May 9, 2020) was a Finnish computer scientist. He was born in Helsinki. He worked at the University of Helsinki, Aalto University School of Science and Aalto University School of Art, Design and Architecture.

From 1998 to 2000, Honkela worked as a professor in the Aalto Media Lab. 

Honkela died on May 9, 2020 in Helsinki, aged 57.

Ribouisse

Ribouisse is a commune of 109 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

David Corrêa

David Antônio Corrêa (June 5, 1937 – May 10, 2020) was a Brazilian singer-songwriter. His works were Samba, Samba-enredo and Pagode. He was born in São João de Meriti, Rio de Janeiro. His career began in 1972. He created many songs and background music for Rio de Janeiro carnival. 

In April 2020, Corrêa was run over by a car in Rio de Janeiro. He died on May 10, 2020 of kidney failure caused by COVID-19, aged 82.

Justice, Illinois

Justice is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Rio Carnival

The Carnival in Rio de Janeiro (Portuguese: "Carnaval do Rio de Janeiro") is a festival held every year before Lent and thought to be the biggest carnival in the world with two million people per day on the streets. The first Carnival festival in Rio was in 1723.

Wasco County, Oregon

Wasco County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 26,670 people. The county seat is The Dalles.

NASA (disambiguation)

NASA is the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.

NASA or Nasa may also refer to:








Fernand Robichaud

Fernand Robichaud (born December 2, 1939) is a Canadian politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada and a Senator in the Senate of Canada. When he was in the House of Commons, he represented the electoral area of Beauséjour. When he was in the Senate, he represented Saint-Louis-de-Kent, New Brunswick. He was a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.

Robichaud is most well-known for helping the leader of the Liberal Party, Jean Chrétien, in 1990. After Chrétien became leader of the party, he was not yet a member of the House of Commons. Usually, party leaders run in by-elections to get into the House of Commons, and represent the electoral area for a short time. Robichaud resigned as an MP so that Chrétien could win a by-election. When there was an election in 1993, Chrétien moved back to representing an area in Quebec and let Robichaud run for election in Beauséjour again.

Chrétien later recommended that Robichaud should become a member of the Senate. He officially joined the Senate on September 22, 1997. He stopped being a member of the Senate when he became 75 years old, on December 2, 2014. This is because in Canada's Senate, you cannot be over 75 years old to be a member.

Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice

Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice is an action RPG made by FromSoftware led by Hidetaka Miyazaki. It is similar to the "Souls" series of video games. However, there are many changes that have also been made. Below are the differences between Sekiro and the "Souls" series.


Bird of Paradise (1951 movie)

Bird of Paradise is a 1951 American drama movie. It was directed by Delmer Daves. The movie is based on the play of the same name by Richard Walton Tully. Actors include Debra Paget, Louis Jourdan, Jeff Chandler, Everett Sloane, and Maurice Schwartz. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was a remake of the 1932 movie of the same name.


Bright Victory

Bright Victory is a 1951 American World War II romantic drama movie. It was directed by Mark Robson. The movie is based on the 1945 book "Lights Out" by Baynard Kendrick. Actors include Arthur Kennedy, Peggy Dow, Julie Adams, Will Geer, Richard Egan, Rock Hudson, and John Hudson. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1952. 


From Justin to Kelly

From Justin to Kelly is a 2003 American romantic musical comedy movie. It was directed by Robert Iscove. Actors include Kelly Clarkson, Justin Guarini, Katherine Bailess, and Brian Dietzen. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. The movie was nominated for 8 Golden Raspberry Awards in 2004.


Châteaufort, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Châteaufort is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Châteauneuf-Miravail

Châteauneuf-Miravail is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Châteauneuf-Val-Saint-Donat

Châteauneuf-Val-Saint-Donat is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Châteauredon

Châteauredon is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

The Asse River forms the south-eastern border.

Chaudon-Norante

Chaudon-Norante is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France. The Asse River flows through the commune.

Clamensane

Clamensane is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Claret, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Claret is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Clumanc

Clumanc is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

The river Asse de Clumanc flows south through the commune.

Colmars

Colmars or Colmars-les-Alpes is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

There are two other hamlets in the commune: Clignon-Haut and Clignon-Bas.

La Condamine-Châtelard

La Condamine-Châtelard is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Corbières-en-Provence

Corbières-en-Provence is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Cruis

Cruis is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Curbans

Curbans is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Curel, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Curel is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Dauphin, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Dauphin is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Demandolx

Demandolx is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Draix

Draix is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Enchastrayes

Enchastrayes is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France. The Enciastraia mountain is in the commune.

Entrages

Entrages is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

The Asse River forms the southern border.

Call Me Mister (movie)

Call Me Mister is a 1951 American musical movie. It was directed by Lloyd Bacon. The movie is based on the musical of the same name by Albert E. Lewin. Actors include Betty Grable, Dan Dailey, Danny Thomas, Dale Robertson, Benay Venuta, and Richard Boone. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


I'll Never Forget You (movie)

I'll Never Forget You is a 1951 British romantic fantasy movie. It was also titled The House in the Square and Man of Two Worlds. It was directed by Roy Ward Baker. The movie is based on the play "Berkeley Square" by John L. Balderston. It was adapted previously in the 1933 movie under the title of "Berkeley Square". It stars Tyrone Power, Ann Blyth, Kathleen Byron, and Michael Rennie.

The Girl on the Bridge (1951 movie)

The Girl on the Bridge is a 1951 American romantic drama movie directed by Hugo Haas (who also stars) and starring Beverly Michaels and Robert Dane. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Decision Before Dawn

Decision Before Dawn is a 1951 American German World War II thriller movie directed by Anatole Litvak and is based on the 1949 novel "Call It Treason" by George Howe. It stars Richard Basehart, Gary Merrill, Oskar Werner, Hildegard Knef and was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1952. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Fixed Bayonets!

Fixed Bayonets! is a 1951 American Korean War movie directed by Samuel Fuller and is based on the novel "Immortal Sergeant" by John Brophy. It stars Richard Basehart, Gene Evans, Michael O'Shea, James Dean. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Nichols and May

Nichols and May was an American improvisational duo act created by Mike Nichols (1931–2014) and Elaine May (born 1932). Their three comedy albums reached the Billboard Top 40 between 1959 and 1962. 

Many comedians have seen them as key influential comedians in modern comedy. "You can't get any better than they were," TV host Dick Cavett remembered, "They were one of the comic meteors in the sky." Woody Allen said, “the two of them came along and elevated comedy to a brand-new level".

Their 1960 album "An Evening with Mike Nichols and Elaine May" was a recording of their Broadway debut and won a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Performance. Their next album "Mike Nichols & Elaine May Examine Doctors" was also nominated for a Grammy. 

Nichols and May become more famous in 1962, for John F. Kennedy's birthday, they performed, alongside Marilyn Monroe.

Happy Birthday, Mr. President

"Happy Birthday, Mr. President" is a song sung by actress and singer Marilyn Monroe on May 19, 1962, for President John F. Kennedy at a celebration of his 45th birthday, 10 days before the actual date (May 29).

Monroe sang the traditional "Happy Birthday to You" lyrics with an intimate voice, with "Mr. President" instead of Kennedy's name. 

The performance was one of her last major public appearances before her death less than three months later on August 4, 1962. 

First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy, who did not go to many Democratic Party events, spent the day at the Loudon Hunt Horse Show with her children, John and Caroline.

Monroe was accompanied by jazz pianist Hank Jones.

Jules Feiffer

Jules Ralph Feiffer (born January 26, 1929) is an American cartoonist and author. He won the Pulitzer Prize in 1986 as America's leading editorial cartoonist. He wrote the animated short "Munro", which won an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film in 1961. He was born in New York City.

Mark Barkan

Mark Barkan (1934 – May 8, 2020) was an American songwriter and record producer. He was also a musical director for the television show "The Banana Splits Adventure Hour", which aired between September 7, 1968 and December 13, 1969.

He wrote many songs, including Lesley Gore's Top 5 hit "She's a Fool", the often-covered "Pretty Flamingo", which was a hit single for Manfred Mann in 1966; "I'm Gonna Be Warm This Winter", which was a hit for Connie Francis in 1963 and "The Tra La La Song (One Banana, Two Banana)" from "The Banana Splits".

Barkan died at his home in New York City on May 8, 2020, at age 85.

Pipestone, Minnesota

Pipestone is a city in Minnesota, United States, and the county seat of Pipestone County. The population was 4,215 at the 2020 census.

Don Novello

Donald Andrew Novello (born January 1, 1943) is an American writer, movie director, producer, actor, singer and comedian. He is best known for his work on NBC's "Saturday Night Live" from 1979 to 1980, and again from 1985 to 1986, often as the character Father Guido Sarducci.

He appeared as Sarducci in many other television shows, including "Married... with Children", "Blossom", "It's Garry Shandling's Show", "Unhappily Ever After", "Square Pegs", and "The Colbert Report".

Martin Pasko

Martin Joseph "Marty" Pasko (born Jean-Claude Rochefort; August 4, 1954 – May 10, 2020) was a Canadian-born American comics writer, screenwriter and editor. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. He worked for DC Comics and wrote Superman stories. He also co-created the 1975 remake of Doctor Fate. He also wrote the screenplay for the animated Batman movie "" (1993).

Pasko died on May 10, 2020 in Los Angeles at the age of 65.

Waldemar Otto

Waldemar Otto (30 March 1929 – 8 May 2020) was a Polish-born German sculptor. He was born in Petrikau, Poland. 

In 1973 he was appointed professor at the Hochschule für Künste in Bremen. 

His career began in 1961 and many of his sculptures were torsos. His best known works were "Weibliche torso", "Gedrehter torso", "Kleiner Männlicher Torso", "Sockel Torso", "Torso vor Raster” and "Figur vor Gewand".

Otto died in Worpswede, Germany on 8 May 2020 after a long-illness, aged 91.


John Teerlinck

John Teerlinck (April 9, 1951 – May 10, 2020) was an American professional football player and coach. He was born in New Rochelle, New York. 

From 1974 to 1977, he played for the San Diego Chargers. From 2002 to 2012, he was a defensive line coach for the Indianapolis Colts. He also coached the Los Angeles Rams, Cleveland Browns, Minnesota Vikings, Detroit Lions and the Denver Broncos.

Teerlinck died on May 10, 2020 at the age of 69.

Let's Make It Legal

Let's Make It Legal is a 1951 American romantic comedy movie directed by Richard Sale and based on the story "My Mother-in-Law, Miriam" by Mortimer Braus. It stars Claudette Colbert, Macdonald Carey, Zachary Scott, Barbara Bates, Marilyn Monroe, Robert Wagner and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Mike Storen

Mike Storen (September 14, 1935 – May 7, 2020) was an American sports executive in basketball, baseball, and football. He began his career with the Chicago Zephyrs and became their promotions director. He was the first general manager of the Indiana Pacers from 1967 to 1969. He was part-owner of the Kentucky Colonels.

He became the commissioner of the American Basketball Association (ABA) in 1973. He was an important person during the league's merger with the National Basketball Association (NBA) three years later.

Storen was born in Michigan City, Indiana. He died on May 7, 2020 in Atlanta, Georgia, aged 84.

Merkel-cell carcinoma

Merkel-cell carcinoma (MCC) is a rare and aggressive skin cancer happening in about 3 per 1,000,000 population. It is also known as cutaneous APUDoma, primary neuroendocrine carcinoma of the skin, primary small cell carcinoma of the skin, and trabecular carcinoma of the skin. 

Reasons why the cancer would form is because of Merkel cell polyomavirus (MCPyV or MCV), a weakened immune system, and exposure to ultraviolet radiation. 

Merkel-cell carcinoma usually shows up on the head, neck, perianal and eyelid. It is more common in elderly people.

Love Nest

Love Nest is a 1951 American comedy movie directed by Joseph M. Newman and based on the 1950 novel "The Reluctant Landlord" by Scott Corbett. It stars June Haver, William Lundigan, Frank Fay, Marilyn Monroe and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Glen Ellyn, Illinois

Glen Ellyn is a village in DuPage County, Illinois, United States. It is a suburb of Chicago. The village had a population of 28,846 as of the 2020 Census.

Joe Zawinul

Josef Erich Zawinul (7 July 1932 – 11 September 2007) was an Austrian jazz keyboardist and composer. Zawinul went on to play with Miles Davis and to become one of the creators of jazz fusion.

As Young as You Feel

As Young as You Feel is a 1951 American comedy movie directed by Harmon Jones and starring Thelma Ritter, Monty Woolley, David Wayne, Jean Peters, Marilyn Monroe, Russ Tamblyn. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was remade in 1957 as "The Greatest American Hoax".


Gia Scala

Gia Scala (March 3, 1934 – April 30, 1972) was an English-born Italian-American actress and model. She was born in Liverpool. Scala was known for her roles in "Tip on a Dead Jockey" (1957), "The Garment Jungle" (1957), "The Tunnel of Love" (1958), and "The Guns of Navarone" (1961).

Scala died of an accidental ethanol and barbiturate overdose at her home in Los Angeles on April 30, 1972 at the age of 38.

Mahdavia

Mahdavia ( "mahdawi") is a Mahdi'ist movement founded in the 15th century which follows the principles set forth by Syed Jaunpuri. A subsect of Mahdavia, called Zikri, is mostly practised in Pakistan.

The House on Telegraph Hill

The House on Telegraph Hill is a 1951 American crime drama movie directed by Robert Wise and based on the 1948 novel "The Frightened Child" by Dana Lyon. It stars Richard Basehart, Valentina Cortese, William Lundigan, Fay Baker. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1952.


Renato Corti

Renato Corti (1 March 1936 – 12 May 2020) was an Italian cardinal and prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Bishop of Novara from 1990 to 2011. Pope Francis promoted Corti to the rank of cardinal at a consistory on 19 November 2016. He was born in Galbiate, Province of Lecco.

Corti died on 12 May 2020 in Rho, Lombardy at the age of 84.

Half Angel

Half Angel is a 1951 American comedy movie directed by Richard Sale and starring Loretta Young, Joseph Cotten, Cecil Kellaway, Basil Ruysdael. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Ico Aguilar

Francisco Javier Aguilar García ( 26 March 1949 – 11 May 2020) was a Spanish professional footballer. He played as a forward. He was born in Santander, Spain. He played for the national team from 1971 to 1973. From 1971 to 1979, he played for Real Madrid.

Aguilar died on 11 May 2020 in Madrid at the age of 71. 


Alberto Carpani

Alberto Carpani (April 23, 1956 – May 11, 2020) was an Italian singer. He was best known for his Italo disco releases in the late 1970's and early 1980's as Albert One, and his Eurodance release "Sing a Song Now Now" in 1999 as A.C. One. He was also a DJ and music producer. He was born in Pavia, Italy.

Carpani died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on May 11, 2020 in Portofino, Italy at the age of 64.

Portofino

Portofino () is an Italian fishing village and holiday resort famous for its harbor. It is a popular place for pictures. Many celebrities go here. It is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa on the Italian Riviera. The town is also known for its colorfully painted buildings that line the shore.

The most emblematic painter of Portofino was Giuseppe Amisani, known as “the Painter of Kings”, to whom Portofino dedicated a promenade along the seafront, “the Amisani promenade”. When passing through Bocche and following the main road down to Portofino Mare, at a certain point along the route, you can see, embedded in the conglomerate, a marble plaque with the inscription: “Here the beauty of the world smiled for the last time”. Giuseppe Amisani spent time at this location in 1941 and frequently painted outdoors.

Italian Riviera

The Italian Riviera, or Ligurian Riviera () is the narrow coastal strip which lies between the Ligurian Sea and the mountain chain formed by the Maritime Alps and the Apennines. 

The Italian Riviera includes nearly all of the coastline of Liguria.

Maritime Alps

The Maritime Alps ( ; ) are a mountain range in the southwestern part of the Alps. 

They form the border between the French region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur and the Italian regions of Piedmont and Liguria. They are the southernmost part of the Alps.


Oleg Ivanovich Kovalyov

Oleg Ivanovich Kovalyov (; 7 September 1948 – 11 May 2020) was a Russian politician. He was Governor of Ryazan Oblast from 2008 to 2017. He was a member of the State Duma from 1999 to 2008. He was born in Tbilissky District, Russia.

Kovalyov died on 11 May 2020, aged 71.

Roland Povinelli

Roland Povinelli (9 August 1941 – 11 May 2020) was a French politician. He was a member of the Senate of France from 2008 to 2014, representing the Bouches-du-Rhône department. He was Mayor of Allauch from 1975 until his death in 2020. He was a member of the Socialist Party. He was born in Marseille, France.

Povinelli died on 11 May 2020 of a heart attack in Allauch, France at the age of 78.

Hansie Cronje

Wessel Johannes "Hansie" Cronje (25 September 1969 – 1 June 2002) was a South African international cricketer. He was captain of the national team in the 1990s. He was voted the 11th greatest South African in 2004. He was banned from cricket for life due to his role in a match-fixing scandal. Cronje was born in Bloemfontein, South Africa.

Johannes was killed in an airplane crash on 1 June 2002 near the Outeniqua Mountains, aged 32.

Outeniqua Mountains

The Outeniqua Mountains, named after the Outeniqua Khoikhoi who lived there, is a mountain range that runs on the southern coast of South Africa. 

It forms a continuous range with the Langeberg to the west and the Tsitsikamma Mountains to the east. It was known as "Serra de Estrella" ("Mountain of the Star") to the Portuguese. The mountains are part of the Garden Route of South Africa.

Hammonton, New Jersey

Hammonton is a town in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States, known as the "Blueberry Capital of the World." As of the 2020 United States Census, the town's population was 14,711.

Joe Biden sexual assault allegation

In April 2019, Tara Reade said that Joe Biden touched her in a way that made her “feel uncomfortable” during his time as a Senator for Delaware. There were seven other women who said the same thing at the time. In March 2020, she said that Biden sexually assaulted her instead. Reade said that at the time of the assault, she told her mother, her brother, and a friend who worked in Senator Ted Kennedy’s office about what happened, but currently the fan website TaraReadeTruth.com says that there are as many as eight people that she told.

In May 2020, it was found that attorney Douglas Wigdor would be representing Reade "pro bono". He is known for representing six women who alleged sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein. However, Wigdor stopped representing her later on in the month when news reported that the Monterey District Attorney's Office in Monterey, California was investigating Reade for lying about her school and work experience in court. They had hired her as an expert witness on domestic violence, and she testified during several court cases. The investigation started after many news websites and newspapers reported that she lied about obtaining an undergraduate degree from Antioch University under a "protected program". There was no protected program, and she did not receive a degree. The District Attorney's Office decided not to punish her for the lying about the degree, even though they confirmed that she had lied. 

Dana Biosphere Reserve

The Dana Biosphere Reserve is located in the Qadisiyah plateau in the low-lying desert area in Wadi Araba, the Dana Biosphere Reserve drops from an altitude of 1,500 metres (4,900 ft). Dana is the only nature reserve in Jordan that crosses four bio-geographical zones; Mediterranean, Iran-Turanian, Sahara-Arabian, and Sudanian penetration.

August Wilson

August Wilson (April 27, 1945 – October 2, 2005) was an American playwright. His best known work was a collection of ten plays, "The Pittsburgh Cycle", for which he received two Pulitzer Prizes for Drama. His works talk about the tragic lives and hardships African-Americans had in the 20th century. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Wilson died on October 2, 2005 in Seattle, Washington of liver cancer, aged 60.


Barack Obama Sr.

Barack Hussein Obama Sr. (; 18 June 1934 – 24 November 1982) was a Kenyan economist. He was the father of Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States. He is an important character in "Dreams from My Father" (1995). 

Obama married in 1954 and had two children with his first wife, Kezia. He studied at the University of Hawaii where he met Stanley Ann Dunham, whom he married in 1961. They had a son, Barack II. Dunham divorced Obama three years later. 

Obama was killed in a car crash on 24 November 1982 in Nairobi at the age of 48.

Journey Into Light

Journey Into Light is a 1951 American crime drama movie directed by Stuart Heisler and starring Sterling Hayden, Viveca Lindfors, Thomas Mitchell, Ludwig Donath. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox

Carl Wilson

Carl Dean Wilson (December 21, 1946 – February 6, 1998) was an American musician and singer-songwriter. He co-founded the Beach Boys. He is best known as their lead guitarist, as the youngest brother of band-mates Brian and Dennis Wilson, and as the group's leader in the early 1970s.

He died, aged 51, of lung cancer in 1998.

Quo Vadis (1951 movie)

Quo Vadis (Latin for "Where are you going?") is a 1951 American epic drama movie directed by Mervyn LeRoy and is the third adaption of the 1896 novel "Quo Vadis" by Henryk Sienkiewicz. It stars Robert Taylor, Deborah Kerr, Leo Genn, Peter Ustinov, Patricia Laffan, Finlay Currie, Felix Aylmer, Abraham Sofaer, Ralph Truman. It was nominated for 8 Academy Awards in 1952 and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Al Jardine

Alan Charles Jardine (born September 3, 1942) is an American musician and singer-songwriter. He co-founded the Beach Boys. He is best known as the band's guitarist. Also a singer, he sang in "Help Me, Rhonda" (1965), "Come Go with Me" (1978), and "From There to Back Again" (2012). His song "Lady Lynda" became a UK top 10 hit for the group in 1978.

Following the death of fellow band member Carl Wilson in 1998, Jardine left the touring Beach Boys and became a solo artist. In 1988, Jardine was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Beach Boys.

Bruce Johnston

Bruce Arthur Johnston (born Benjamin Baldwin; June 27, 1942) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and record producer. He is best known as a member of the Beach Boys. He was born in Peoria, Illinois.

His songs for the Beach Boys include "Tears in the Morning" (1970), "Deirdre" (1970), and "Disney Girls (1957)" (1971). He continues to tour as a member of the Beach Boys alongside band co-founder Mike Love.

ΜTorrent

μTorrent, or uTorrent is a BitTorrent client for Microsoft Windows and macOS, similar to BitTorrent. It also runs on Linux, but in a more scaled-down way as only the older, server versions work, and on Ubuntu and Debian. It allows users to share files over the Internet.

Mike Love

Michael Edward Love (born March 15, 1941) is an American singer-songwriter. He co-founded the Beach Boys.

Love was one of Brian Wilson's collaborators during the Beach Boys' peak in the 1960s. The best known Wilson–Love songs were "Fun, Fun, Fun" (1964), "California Girls" (1965), and "Good Vibrations" (1966). 

Ricky Fataar

Ricky Fataar (born 5 September 1952) is a South African drummer, guitarist, actor and singer. An actor, he was known for his role in "The Rutles: All You Need Is Cash". For a short time, he worked for The Beach Boys between 1971 and 1974.

Blondie Chaplin

Terence William "Blondie" Chaplin (born 7 July 1951) is a South African singer-songwriter and guitarist. He played in the band The Flames in the mid-to late-1960s. He became known to international audiences in the early 1970s as a singer and guitarist for The Beach Boys. 

David Marks

David Lee Marks (born August 22, 1948) is an American singer and guitarist. He was an early member of The Beach Boys. 

Marks joined the Beach Boys in February 1962. He performed on the band's first four albums, "Surfin' Safari" (1962), "Surfin' U.S.A." (1963), "Surfer Girl" (1963), and "Little Deuce Coupe" (1963). In August 1963, he left the group. 

Afterward, Marks worked with acts including Casey Kasem's Band Without a Name, the Moon, Delaney & Bonnie, Colours, and Warren Zevon, and studied jazz and classical guitar at the Berklee College of Music and the New England Conservatory.

Kokomo (song)

"Kokomo" is a song written by John Phillips, Scott McKenzie, Mike Love, and Terry Melcher and recorded by American rock band the Beach Boys. 

It was released as a single on July 18, 1988 by Elektra Records and became a No. 1 Hit in the United States, Japan, and Australia (where it topped for about two months). It was written for the 1988 movie "Cocktail".

It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Song Written Specifically for a Motion Picture or Television in 1988, but lost to Phil Collins' "Two Hearts". "Two Hearts" and Carly Simon's "Let the River Run" from "Working Girl" together beat it for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song.

Cocktail (1988 movie)

Cocktail is a 1988 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Roger Donaldson and written by Heywood Gould. The movie is about a young New York City business student, Brian Flanagan, becomes a bartender in order to pay for his education. The movie stars Tom Cruise, Bryan Brown, and Elisabeth Shue.

Risky Business

Risky Business is a 1983 American teen comedy movie written and directed by Paul Brickman and starring Tom Cruise and Rebecca De Mornay.

"Risky Business" was a critical and commercial success, making more than $63 million against a $6.2 million budget.

Battle of Gazala

This was pulled of by German General Erwin Rommel. He used it successfully at the Battle of Gazala, which led to his capture of Tobruk in 1941.

Interstitial cystitis

Interstitial cystitis (IC), also called bladder pain syndrome (BPS), is a disease that causes pain in the bladder.

David Outlaw

David Outlaw was a politician, congressman and slaveholder who represented North Carolina in Congress as a Whig in the period before the Civil War. He was born in 1806, and died aged sixty-two in 1868. 

Bu Xiaolin

Bu Xiaolin () is a Chinese female politician. She has served as Chairwoman of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region People's Government (equivalent of a provincial governor) since March 2016. Bu Xiaolin is the daughter of the former chairman of Inner Mongolia, Buhe. Her grandfather Ulanhu was the founding chairman of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and a Vice President of China.

Bu Xiaolin was born in August 1958 in Tumed Left Banner, Inner Mongolia. She worked at sent-down youth for a short period during the end of the Cultural Revolution. Then she enlisted herself in the People's Liberation Army. Her works was a medic in No. 291 Hospital of the Inner Mongolia Military District from 1977 to 1980.

Camp Jupiter

Camp Jupiter is the Roman camp for demigods portrayed in the book series "The Heroes of Olympus" by Rick Riordan. The camp is located in Oakland hills California.
Camp Jupiter's purpose is to train and protect demigods. The camp also helps demigods have "normal" lives. 

Romulus and Remus as you may know, made Rome Their culture became more disciplined and militaristic, which the gods adapted producing demigods different from those conceived by the Greek aspects. A rivalry developed between the Greek and Romans, which subsequently lead to many conflicts.. After the fall of Rome the 12th legion made Camp Jupiter. These wars mirrored the mortal conflicts. Because of the tremendous death toll, the gods decided to completely separate their children to avoid further bloodshed by weaving the Mist so that the two rival groups forgot each other and would ensure that it would remain so ever since. Until the book: The Son of Neptune.
This is the first book that has Camp Jupiter as a setting. In this book Percy Jackson had his memory wiped by Hera/Juno to confirm that the campers don't know that he is Greek and Percy doesn't attack. Percy gets to camp Jupiter and goes on a quest to free Thanatos the god of Death so monsters can die. 

He Li

He Li (Chinese: 何鲤) was a Chinese young poet and the chairman of the China Nationwide High School Students Literature Association (全国中学生文学社联合会). He is also a partner of Davis Polk & Wardwell company.

He Li was born in Beijing. His father is He Jiuying who was a professor at Peking University. He was educated at the Affiliated High School of Peking University from 1984 to 1990. He was elected as the first Chairman of the China Nationwide High School Students Literature Association in 1989. 
He Li received his A.B. degree from Peking University in 1995 and M.A degree from the University of California, Berkeley in 1999. He completed his J.D. degree from Yale Law School in 2003. After graduation, he worked at Davis Polk & Wardwell. He was made partner at Davis Polk in 2011. His practice is mainly focused on capital markets.

PNW Journey

PNW Journey is a United States-based apparel and accessories retailer, wholesaler, and lifestyle brand best known for it's Pacific Northwest themed and Bigfoot themed apparel. The use of the phrases "Love Your Journey", "Life is best at 315°", and "315°" on its own are prevalent throughout their designs.

Originally founded in 2017 under the name Cloud 9 Expressions. The company did business as PNW Journey under Cloud 9 Expressions, LLC from 2018 until 2020 when the name was officially registered as PNW Journey, LLC. Founding members included siblings Joe Buchmann, Garrett Busch, and Carissa Busch, along with spouses Brianna Buchmann and Kurshell Busch and family friends Chad Misterek and Steve Lindberg.

In 2018, Steve left the company to focus on his career in the cannabis industry. In 2019, it was decided to remove spouses Brianna and Kurshell, as well as sister Carissa from the LLC to avoid convolution of the company ownership structure, leaving just Joe, Garrett, and Chad as the company's only owners. At this time, the partnership was also structured to include Joe as CEO with majority ownership, Garrett as CMO and Chad as CFO with equal ownership.

In March 2020, PNW Journey began a campaign to support No Kid Hungry during the COVID-19 crisis. Over a period of two months, they produced four designs which were printed on t-shirts and hoodies where some of the proceeds were donated to No Kid Hungry. With a total goal of $5,000, they donated $5 from each shirt and $8 from each hoodie. As of May 12th, 2020 they were at $4,176 in total donation money.

Test Card F

Test Card F is a test card made by the BBC to be used on television in the United Kingdom. It was first shown on television on July 2, 1967. It was shown on television when no shows were being played. The test card shows Carole Hersee playing noughts and crosses (tic-tac-toe) with a clown doll with many test signals showing. The test card was made by George Hersee, Carole Hersee's father and a BBC engineer. It was shown less in the 1980s because BBC started showing Ceefax pages more. After 1999, it was only shown by BBC Two for one minute. In the 2010s, the test card was used for HTTP errors on the BBC website. Test Card F made Carole Hersee the most shown face in British television.

In the 1990s, three versions of Test Card F were made, including Test Card J (which had small changes of Test Card F), Test Card W (a widescreen version), and a different widescreen version.

List of United States senators from Montana

There are currently two Senators from the state of Montana. They are Jon Tester and Steve Daines. Jon Tester is a Democrat, while Steve Daines is a Republican.

Mutiny on the Bounty (1962 movie)

Muntiny on the Bounty is a 1962 American adventure drama movie directed by Lewis Milestone and is the second adaption of the 1932 novel of the same name. It stars Marlon Brando, Trevor Howard, Richard Harris, Hugh Griffin, Richard Haydn, Tarita Teriipaia, Duncan Lamont, Gordon Jackson and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for seven Academy Awards in 1963 and was a box-office bomb.


Up and at 'Em

Up and at 'Em is a 1922 American romantic comedy movie directed by William A. Seiter and starring Doris May, Hallam Cooley, J. Herbert Frank, Otis Harlan. It was distributed by Film Booking Offices of America.


Rawhide (1951 movie)

Rawhide is a 1951 American western movie directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Tyrone Power, Susan Hayward, Dean Jagger, Hugh Marlowe, George Tobias, Jack Elam, Edgar Buchanan. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


A Place in the Sun

A Place in the Sun is a 1951 American romantic drama movie directed by George Stevens and based on the 1925 novel "An American Tragedy" by Theodore Dreiser and the 1926 play of the same name of the novel. It stars Montgomery Clift, Herbert Heyes, Elizabeth Taylor, Shelley Winters, Anne Revere, Raymond Burr and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 9 Oscars and won 6 Academy Awards in 1952.


No Highway in the Sky

No Highway in the Sky is a 1951 British American psychological drama movie directed by Henry Koster and based on the 1948 novel "No Highway" by Nevil Shute. It stars James Stewart, Marlene Dietrich, Glynis Johns, Jack Hawkins, Ronald Squire, Kenneth More, Felix Aylmer, Bessie Love and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Meet Me After the Show

Meet Me After the Show is a 1951 American musical movie directed by Richard Sale and starring Betty Grable, Macdonald Carey, Rory Calhoun, Eddie Albert, Fred Clark. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Entrepierres

Entrepierres is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Entrevaux

Entrevaux is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.


Entrevennes

Entrevennes is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France. 

L'Escale

L'Escale is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France. It is on the eastern bank of the Durance opposite Château-Arnoux-Saint-Auban.

Esparron-de-Verdon

Esparron-de-Verdon is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Estoublon

Estoublon is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in southeastern France.

The river Asse flows through the western part of the commune.

Faucon-de-Barcelonnette

Faucon-de-Barcelonnette is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Faucon-du-Caire

Faucon-du-Caire is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Fontienne

Fontienne is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Le Fugeret

Le Fugeret is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Death of a Salesman (1951 movie)

Death of a Salesman is a 1951 American drama movie directed by László Benedek. It is a based on the play of the same name by Arthur Miller. It stars Fredric March, Mildred Dunnock, Kevin McCarthy, Cameron Mitchell, Claire Carleton, Don Keefer and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1952.


Ganagobie

Ganagobie is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

It is the site of a Benedictine monastery, the Abbey of Our Lady of Ganagobie.

La Garde, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

La Garde is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Gigors

Gigors is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

Gréoux-les-Bains

Gréoux-les-Bains is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.

On the Riviera

On the Riviera is a 1951 American musical comedy movie directed by Walter Lang and is the third adaption of the same story. It stars Danny Kaye, Gene Tierney, Corinne Calvert, Marcel Dalio, Jean Murat, Henri Letondal, Sig Ruman and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1952.


Follow the Sun

Follow the Sun is a 1951 American biographical drama movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and stars Glenn Ford, Anne Baxter, Dennis O'Keefe, June Havoc, Larry Keating, Roland Winters. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Baburnama

The Bāburnāma (Chagatai/Persian: بابر نامہ‎;´, literally: "History of Babur" or "Letters of Babur"; alternatively known as "Tuzk-e Babri") is the memoirs of Ẓahīr-ud-Dīn Muhammad Bābur (1483–1530), founder of the Mughal Empire and a great-great-great-grandson of Timur. It is written in the Chagatai language, known to Babur as ""Turki"" (meaning Turkic), the spoken language of the Andijan-Timurids. During Emperor Akbar's reign, the work was completely translated to Persian, the usual literary language of the Mughal court, by a Mughal courtier, Abdul Rahīm, in AH 998 (1589–90).[1] Translations into many other languages followed, mostly from the 19th century onwards.

Jordan Hill, Louisiana

Jordan Hill is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Winn Parish, Louisiana, United States.

King's Privy Council for Canada

The King's Privy Council for Canada (KPC; ; called the Queen's Privy Council for Canada when there is a queen), sometimes called just the Privy Council, is a group of people that help the monarch (king or queen) of Canada. They give advice to the monarch on events related to the government. The monarch or the person that represents them (the Governor General) must follow the advice of a group of people in the Privy Council, called the cabinet, who are usually part of the government and are usually Members of Parliament (MPs). Those who are part of the Privy Council are called "Privy Councillors".

When people join the Privy Council, they become members of it for the rest of their lives. They are chosen by the Governor General based on who the Prime Minister says should be in the council. That causes many of the Privy Councillors to be ex-members of the cabinet. Other Privy Councillors might be people that have important roles, like being the Leader of the Opposition.

Take Care of My Little Girl

Take Care of My Little Girl is 1951 American drama movie directed by Jean Negulesco and is based on the 1950 novel of the same name by Peggy Goodin. It stars Jeanne Crain, Dale Robertson, Mitzi Gaynor, Jean Peters, Jeffrey Hunter, Helen Westcott and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Frogmen

The Frogmen is a 1951 American World War II action movie directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Richard Widmark, Dana Andrews, Gary Merrill, Jeffrey Hunter, Robert Wagner, Warren Stevens. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Paloma Cordero

Paloma Delia Margarita Cordero Tapia (1 July 1937 – 11 May 2020) was a Mexican socialite. She was the First Lady of Mexico from 1 December 1982 to 30 November 1988. Her husband was President Miguel de la Madrid. Cordero was born in Mexico City. During the same time when she was First Lady, Cordero was President of the National System for Integral Family Development.

Cordero died on 11 May 2020 in Mexico City, aged 82.

José López Portillo

José Guillermo Abel López Portillo y Pacheco, (; 16 June 1920 – 17 February 2004) was a Mexican lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He was the 51st President of Mexico from 1976 to 1982.

Common Cause

Common Cause is a watchdog group based in Washington, D.C., with chapters in 35 states. It was founded in 1970 by John W. Gardner, a Republican, who was the former Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare in the administration of President Lyndon Johnson. It is an advocacy group for minorities and the working poor in urban areas. The group was known for its efforts to bring about an end to the Vietnam War and lower the voting age from 21 to 18.

Ann McBride Norton

Ann McBride Norton (June 23, 1944 – May 5, 2020) was an American activist and business executive. She was president of Common Cause, a non-partisan watchdog group based in Washington, D.C. from 1995 to 1999. She was born in Lafayette, Louisiana. In the 1970s, Norton was a volunteer at Common Cause during the Watergate scandal before becoming the chief lobbyist for Common Cause on Capitol Hill.

Norton died of problems caused by Alzheimer's disease on May 5, 2020 at her Washington, D.C. home at the age of 75.

Herbert Frankenhauser

Herbert Frankenhauser (July 23, 1945 – May 6, 2020) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria. He was a member of the Bundestag from 1990 to 2013. Frankenhauser was born in Munich.

Frankenhauser died on May 6, 2020 at the age of 74.

Lúcia Braga

Ana Lúcia Navarro Braga (December 13, 1934 – May 8, 2020), better known as simply Lúcia Braga, was a Brazilian politician, social worker and lawyer. She was born in João Pessoa, Paraíba. Braga was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1987 to 1995 and again from 2003 to 2007. 

Braga died at a hospital in João Pessoa on May 8, 2020 of COVID-19 while being hospitalized for a urinary tract infection, aged 85. Her husband, Wilson Braga, also died from COVID-19 a week after her death.

COVID-19 pandemic in Australia

The COVID-19 pandemic in Australia began on 25 January 2020, in Victoria. A man who had returned from Wuhan, China, tested positive for SARS-CoV-2.

The Australian government stopped all non-residents from entering the country on 20 March. Social distancing rules were put in place on 21 March. The state governments closed "non-essential" services. This included social gathering places such as hotels and clubs, but not businesses such as construction, manufacturing and many retail stores.

The number of new cases grew sharply, until reaching about 350 per day on 22 March. The numbers stayed around 350, and then started falling at the beginning of April. At the end of April it was under 20 cases per day. As of , cases of COVID-19 have been reported, and people have died of COVID-19.
A virus that caused a respiratory illness was first seen in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China, in December 2019. It was reported to the World Health Organisation (WHO) on 31 December 2019. WHO declared the outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on 30 January, and a pandemic on 11 March.

On 23 January, passengers on flights from Wuhan to Sydney were checked when arrived. They had to say if they had a fever or thought they might have the disease. .

On 25 January, the first case of a SARS-CoV-2 infection was reported. A Chinese person arrived from Guangzhou on 19 January. The person was tested and received treatment in Melbourne. On the same day, three other people tested positive in Sydney after returning from Wuhan.

Nine cases were recorded in January. From 31 January, non-Australians returning from China had to stay for two weeks in a third country before being allowed into Australia.

By 6 February, three people coming back from a tour group in Wuhan were found to have the virus in Queensland. Twenty-four Australians were infected with the virus on the "Diamond Princess" cruise ship. Eight were sent to Darwin for two weeks of quarantine. On 27 February, the prime minister put in place the Australian Health Sector Emergency Response Plan for Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19), On 29 February, after an infected person came back to Australia from Iran, the government made all people who had been in Iran go into quarantine. They had to spend two weeks in a third country before being allowed into Australia. There were 14 new cases in February, bringing the number of cases to 23.

On 1 March, the first person in Australia died from COVID-19. He was a 78-year-old Perth man, who was one of the passengers from the "Diamond Princess."

On 2 March, four new cases were reported. Two of the cases were from people who had got the virus in Australia. They were both in New South Wales. One person got the virus from a close relative and the other was a health care worker. Another case found on the same day was a man from Launceston. He had been on a flight from Melbourne. He was treated at the Launceston General Hospital; the first case in Tasmania.

On 4 March, a 95-year-old woman died at an aged care home in Sydney. This was the second death in Australia.

On 7 March, a doctor in Victoria had tested positive for COVID-19. The doctor had been in the United States. From 2 to 6 March, the doctor had treated 70 patients at a clinic in Melbourne and two patients at an aged-care home. The clinic was closed, and his patients were told to self-isolate. People who had been on the same flights as the doctor were warned. The doctor believed he only had a mild cold and was fit to return to work.

On 8 March, an 82-year-old man died at aged-care home in Sydney, and was the third person to die in Australia.

On 9 March, a teacher in Melbourne got the virus from her partner who had been on the same flight from the US with the Melbourne doctor.

On 12 March, the ACT announced its first case, the 142nd case in Australia. Actor Tom Hanks and his wife Rita Wilson said that they had tested positive and were in isolation.

On 12 March, the Prime Minister said the government would spend $17.6billion to "protect Australians' health, secure jobs and set the economy to bounce back" from the crisis. In Western Australia, upgrades to the Peel Health Campus were postponed so that it could safely treat people who had the virus.

Victoria had nine new cases. A McLaren Formula One team member tested positive for the virus. This brought the Victorian total to 36 and the national total to 175. Peter Dutton the Home Affairs Minister for Australia was diagnosed in Queensland. The Victorian government stopped all jury trials to limit the spread of the virus.

The University of Queensland closed after three students tested positive for the virus. Western Australia, like New South Wales, stopped schools from organising gatherings of over 500. Susan McDonald, a Queensland senator, said she was infected with the virus. New South Wales Liberal senator, Andrew Bragg, was the third Australian politician to test positive. On 18 March, a human biosecurity emergency was declared by the Governor-General, David Hurley, under Section 475 of the "Biosecurity Act 2015".

The cruise ship arrived in Sydney on 18 March and 3,500 passengers left the ship. 79 passengers had tested positively for the virus by 1 April. also arrived on 18 March. On 2 April, 34 passengers and 5 crew members were found to have the virus in New South Wales alone. arrived on 19 March. On 2 April 11 cases had tested positively for the virus in New South Wales alone.

The cruise ship let 2,700 passengers off the ship in Sydney on 19 March. On 20 March, it was said that 13 passengers had been tests and three had the virus. New South Wales health authorities asked all passengers to go into self-isolation.

On 19 March, Qantas said it would stop about 60% of domestic flights, put two thirds of its employees on leave, stop all international flights and stop using 150 of its aircraft from the end of March until at least 31 May 2020. This was because the government had put in travel restrictions to stop the spread of COVID-19.

On 22 March, the government said it would spend another A$66bn, bringing the total assistance to A$89bn. They doubled the money for people on income support, made it easier to get the Jobseeker's allowance, and gave grants of up to A$100,000 for small and medium-sized businesses.

On 24 March, one passenger from "Ruby Princess" had died and 133 on the ship had tested positive. On 28 March, 284 passengers had tested positive.

On 25 March, the National COVID-19 Coordination Commission (NCCC) was set up by the Prime Minister. This would give the government advice on how to deal with the pandemic.

The number of new infections began to drop, from around 360 per day for the period of 23 to 27 March, then down to 190 in 28 March and 100 on 29 March. However, there was an expected and sudden increase in deaths.

The cruise ship arrived at Fremantle on 27 March. Most of the 850 passengers flew home from Perth to Germany on 28–29 March. 41 passengers and crew tested positive to COVID-19 and were treated in Perth hospitals.

As of 30 March, at least 440 passengers from "Ruby Princess" had tested positive for the virus. As of 31 March 2020, five of them had died.

On 30 March the Australian Government said it would spend $130 billion on the "JobKeeper" wage subsidy program. They would pay employers up to $1500 a fortnight for people that had worked for that business for over a year, if the business was losing money because of the pandemic.

On 31 March, six baggage handlers from Adelaide Airport had tested positive. As a result, about 100 other people from the airport had to self-isolate, stopping all flights to and from Adelaide.

On 1 April, the Western Australian State Government put limits on travel between regions of Western Australia.

On 2 April, the number of cases in Victoria was over 1,000, including over 100 healthcare workers.

On 5 April, New South Wales Police looked to see ifpeople who owned the "Ruby Princess", had broken Australian and New South Wales state laws, by not telling anyone about COVID-19 cases on the ship.

On 6 April, government said that 2,432 people had recovered; this is more than a third of the total number of cases.

On 11 April, there was an outbreak of the virus at Newmarch House, an aged care nursing home in New South Wales. On 14 April, it was linked to an infected staff member with minor symptoms, but who been at work for six days. Ten residents and five staff tested positive for coronavirus. On 27 and 28 April, four residents of the home died in less than 24 hours, bringing to eleven the number of residents who had died from COVID-19 since 11 April. By 9 May, there have been 69 COVID-19 cases linked to the home, 32 staff and 37 residents. Seventeen residents had died from COVID-19.

On 13 April, the Tasmanian government closed the North West Regional Hospital and North West Private Hospital in Burnie for cleaning. All the staff, over 1000 people and their families, were put into quarantine. Emergency medical teams from the Australian Defence Force were sent to Burnie to because the hospital staff were in quarantine. On 15 April, a Western Australian man became the first person in Australia to be jailed for breaking the self-isolation laws.

In May there was an outbreak of the virus linked to a meat processing factory in Victoria. By 8 May there was 71 people with the virus, at least 57 workers and 13 close contacts, including a nurse, aged care worker and high school student. By 9 May, the number had increased to 75.

On 9 May, there were two cases related to a McDonald's restaurant. By 18 May, this had increased to 12 cases. A a delivery driver had tested positive, and 12 McDonalds stores were closed for cleaning.

In New South Wales, on 15 May, some restrictions on public gatherings were eased. Cafes and restaurants, and hotel and club dining rooms, were allowed to reopen but with a maximum of 10 people. Outdoor gatherings could have up to 10 people and 10 guests were able to go to weddings. Funerals could have 20 people inside, and 30 outdoors. Up to 10 people could go into a church.

On 15 May, both South Australia and the ACT no longer had any active cases.

On 19 May, in New South Wales, another resident of Newmarch House nursing home died from coronavirus. This brought the total number of COVID-19 related deaths at the home to 19 and the national death toll to 100.

On 3 March, the Reserve Bank of Australia became the first central bank to cut interest rates in response to the outbreak. They were cut to a record low of 0.5%.

On 12 March, the Government said it would spend billion to help the economy. It included a one-off A$750 payment to around 6.5 million people who already received income help from the government , small business assistance with 700,000 grants up to $25,000 and to pay 50% of the wages for 120,000 apprenticies or trainees for up to 9 months, 1 billion to support economically impacted sectors, regions and communities, and $700 million to increase tax write off and $3.2 billion to support short-term small and medium-sized business investment.

On 19 March, the Reserve Bank again cut interest rates again to 0.25%, the lowest in Australian history.

In March 2020, the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed how the virus was affecting the economy. Retail sales had increased by 0.4% in February 2020. This was probably because of increased sales at supermarkets where people were buying extra supplies in case they were put into isolation. Businesses that relied on tourism lost most of their sales.

On 22 March, the government announced a second amount of A$66bn, bringing the amount to A$89bn. They doubled income support and made it easier to get the Jobseeker's allowance. They gave up to A$100,000 to small and medium-sized businesses and A$715 million to Australian airports and airlines. People were allowed to access up to A$10,000 of their superannuation in 2019–2020 and again for the next year.

On 30 March, the Australian Government said they would spend $130 billion on the "JobKeeper" program. This would pay employers up to $1500 a fortnight for workers that had been in that business for over a year. The business had to have lost 30% of their turnover. For businesses who had made more than $1 billion, their turnover must have dropped by 50%. Businesses pay the Jobseeker money to their staff, instead of their usual wages. This program was to deal with the enormous job losses seen one week before, when about one million Australians lost their jobs. This massive loss in jobs caused the Australian Government's myGov website to crash and lines of people waiting to enter Centrelink offices were hundreds of metres long. The program was backdated to 1 March, to help re-employ the many people who had just lost their jobs in the weeks before. Businesses would receive the JobKeeper money for six months.

In the first hour of the scheme, over 8,000 businesses applied for the payments. The JobKeeper program is one of the largest economic packages in the history of Australia.

Before the pandemic, 600,000 Australians worked in the arts, and added around billion to export revenues. The arts added about billion (6.4% of GDP) to Australia's economy in 2016–17".

In the second week of March 2020, Australian institutions began cutting back services, and many closed. The Melbourne International Comedy Festival, was cancelled entirely. Opera Australia close on 15 March. TAll cultural institutions were forced to close on 24 March. Public gatherings were banned. Other events that were cancelled included the Sydney Writers' Festival. By April over 50% of arts and recreation services were closed. Adrian Collette, CEO of the Australia Council for the Arts, said the effects on the arts were “catastrophic”.

The Australian movie industry was severely impacted. At least 60 movies in production were stopped and about 20,000 people put out of work. On Monday 23 March, all productions funded by Screen Australia were postponed. , after some improvement in COVID-19 statistics in Australia, Screen Australia continues to fund work and process applications, intending to use all of its 2019/20 budget. Many movie production companies do not meet the rules for the Jobkeeper program and will not get any government help.

119 films and TV shows were stopped, with only a few shows (such as "MasterChef Australia" and "Shaun Micallef's Mad as Hell") continuing production through the pandemic. The TV soap "Neighbours" was the first English-language TV drama series in the world to say they would start production again after 20 April 2020.

The Australia Council will spend about million for new programs. These will be to provide immediate help to artists, arts workers and arts organisations during the COVID-19 pandemic. Several state governments have also provided relief packages.

Aboriginal Australians and Torres Strait Islanders have poorer health outcomes and a lower life expectancy than the rest of the population, particularly those living in remote areas Overcrowded housing and living in very remote communities, makes them very vulnerable to the virus. The remote Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara (APY lands) in South Australia, restricted access to their lands in early March to protect their people from the virus.

The Northern Territory developed a remote health pandemic plan They set up a number of remote clinics.





The major sporting leagues (A-League, AFL, AFL Women's, and the National Rugby League) at first said that their games would continue behind closed doors. The leagues would all later be suspended.



The 2020 NBL Finals, the best of five series was cancelled after the third game with the title awarded to Perth Wildcats.


The remaining two One Day Internationals between Australia and New Zealand were cancelled after the first match was played behind closed doors. Cricket Australia also cancelled the Australian women's cricket team's tour of South Africa.


The 2020 Australian Grand Prix, which was cancelled on 13 March after McLaren withdrew when a team member tested positive for COVID-19.


When the New Zealand government brought in travel restrictions, the Australian Rugby League Commission (ARLC) said the New Zealand Warriors would be based in Australia. The 2020 season was suspended on 23 March.


The 2020 Super Rugby season was suspended on 15 March.


The A-League said at first they would continue with the Wellington Phoenix being based in Australia; however, on 24 March, all matches were cancelled.

The 2020 Stawell Gift was postponed until later in the year.

Dieu a besoin des hommes

Dieu a besoin des hommes ("God Needs Man") is a 1950 French drama movie directed by Jean Delannoy and starring Antoine Balpêtré, Lucienne Bogaert, Charles Bouillaud. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Álvaro Teherán

Álvaro Teherán (January 6, 1966 – May 4, 2020) was a Colombian basketball player. He was born in the town of María La Baja, Colombia. He was selected as the 44th overall pick in the 1991 NBA Draft by the Philadelphia 76ers. Teherán played college basketball at Houston Baptist from 1987 to 1989 and Houston from 1989 to 1991.

In December 2019, Teherán was hospitalized for renal failure in Cartagena, Colombia. He died on May 4, 2020 at the age of 54.

Paulette Sarcey

Paulette Sarcey (11 April 1924 – 5 May 2020) was a French resistant. She was a member of the French Resistance in World War II. She was born in Paris.

She changed her name to Martine while in hiding, but was captured by police of the Vichy Regime on 23 March 1943. She was taken to a small station of the Paris Police Prefecture. Sarcey was first taken to Drancy internment camp, then to Auschwitz on 23 June 1943. Following the death marches, she was taken to Ravensbrück concentration camp. She was freed on 2 May 1945.

Sarcey died on 5 May 2020 at the age of 96.

Felice Cece

Felice Cece (26 March 1936 – 12 May 2020) was an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1959. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Teano-Calvi from 1984 to 1989 and as archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sorrento-Castellammare di Stabia from 1989 to 2010. He was born in Cimitile, Italy.

Cece died on 12 May 2020, aged 84.

Renée Claude

Renée Claude (July 3, 1939 – May 12, 2020) was a Canadian actress and pop singer. She was born in Montreal, Quebec. She was best known for singing translated songs by Stéphane Venne, Michel Conte, Georges Brassens and Léo Ferré. An actress, she starred in "It's Your Turn, Laura Cadieux", "Avec un grand A" and in "He Shoots, He Scores".

In 2019, Claude was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. She died of COVID-19 in Montreal on May 12, 2020 at the age of 80.


Norbert Balatsch

Norbert Balatsch (; 10 March 1928 – 6 May 2020) was an Austrian conductor. He was known as a choral conductor, who began as a baritone choir singer. He was the long-term choir director of both the Vienna State Opera and the Bayreuth Festival. He won two Grammy Awards. Balatsch was born in Vienna.

Balatsch died on 6 May 2020 in Vienna, aged 92.


MBM (file format)

MBM (an abbreviation of Multibitmap) is a file format that is a collection of bitmap images (which is why the file format has that name). The images are not stored the same. Instead, the images are stored with a modified bitmap header with no compression or 8-bit, 12-bit, 16-bit or 24-bit RLE compression.

MBM files are used by most Symbian GUI applications to store graphics.


Chrystelle Trump Bond

Chrystelle Lee Trump Bond (January 1, 1938 – May 6, 2020) was an American dancer, choreographer, dance historian and writer. Bond was the founding chair of the dance department at Goucher College. She was the co-founder and director of "Chorégraphie Antique". Bond was a dance critic for "The Baltimore Sun". Bond was born in Manchester, Maryland.

Bond died on May 6, 2020 in Towson, Maryland at the age of 82.

Manchester, Maryland

Manchester is a small incorporated town in northeastern Carroll County, Maryland, United States. It is just south of the Pennsylvania state line and north of Baltimore. The population was 5,408 at the 2020 census.

Westminster, Maryland

Westminster is a city in northern Maryland, United States. It is a suburb of Baltimore. It is the seat of Carroll County. The city's population was 20,126 at the 2020 census.

Martin Spellman

Martin Spellman IV (October 8, 1925 – May 6, 2020) was an American child actor and businessman. He was active during the 1930s and 1940s. Spellman was born in Des Moines, Iowa. He played Skinny in the 1938 movie "Boys Town", starring Spencer Tracy and Mickey Rooney. In 1939, he co-starred in "Streets of New York" with Jackie Cooper. The following year he had another leading role in "Son of the Navy" with Jean Parker and James Dunn.

Spellman died in Vancouver, Washington on May 6, 2020 at the age of 94.

Jean Parker

Jean Parker (born Lois Mae Green, August 11, 1915 – November 30, 2005) was an American actress. 

Parker's first movie was in "Divorce in the Family" (1932). She appeared in movies for MGM, RKO and Columbia. Her best known movies were "Little Women", "Lady for a Day", "Gabriel Over the White House", "Limehouse Blues", "The Ghost Goes West", and "Rasputin and the Empress". 

James Dunn (actor)

James Howard Dunn (November 2, 1901 – September 1, 1967) was an American actor and comedian. Dunn was born in Manhattan, New York. His movie role was in "Bad Girl" (1931). He appeared in three Shirley Temple movies. His best known role was as Johnny Nolan in "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn" (1945). He won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for this role.

Dunn died on September 1, 1967 in Santa Monica, California of problems caused by stomach surgery, aged 65. 

Languages of North America

North America is the third largest continent in the world. There are 23 countries in North America. The languages people speak the most in North America - which includes Central America and the Caribbean - are English, Spanish, and in some places French and creole languages.

There are lots of languages which are spoken by indigenous peoples - in the Arctic these include Eskimo-Aleut languages, such the Aleut language, which are spoken in the Aleutian Islands; the Yupik languages, which are spoken in Alaska; and Inuit languages, which are spoken by people in places including Alaska, Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Nunavut, and Greenland.

A group of languages which are called Na-Dené languages are spoken in Alaska and north-west Canada. Southern Athabaskan languages are spoken in the South-western United States. Algic languages, which include Algonquian languages, are spoken by a lot of people in Canada and the United States. Some of these are Ojibwe, Cree, Miꞌkmaq, and Blackfoot.

A group of languages called the Iriquoian languages are spoken by a lot of people who live near the Saint Lawrence River and the eastern Great Lakes. These include Cherokee.

A group of languages called the Uto-Aztecan languages are spoken by people in the Western United States, in northern and central Mexico, and El Salvador. Some of these are Hopi, Oʼodham, and Nahuatl.

A group of languages called the Mayan languages are spoken by people in Mexico, Belize, and Guatemala.

A group of languages called the Mixe–Zoque languages are spoken by people in the Isthmus of Tehuantepec in Mexico.

In the Caribbean a lot of people used to speak Arawakan languages. Some of these are the Ta-Arawakan languages, which are spoken in Central and Southern America. These are still spoken by a lot of people in South America.

Languages which have been introduced to North America include English, Spanish, and French. Most people speak English. These languages were introduced to America by people who lived in Europe. English is also spoken in Canada, Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, and is spoken alongside Creole languages in Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Grenada, Jamaica, Montserrat, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Trinidad and Tobago, the Turks and Caicos Islands, and the Virgin Islands.

The most spoken language in Mexico is Spanish. Most people in Central America also speak Spanish, including people in Cuba, the Dominican Republic, and Puerto Rico. A lot of people in the United States also speak Spanish.

Some places in Canada speak French. These include Quebec and Saint Pierre and Miquelon. French is also spoken in Manitoba, Prince Edward Island, Ontario, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia.

Lots of people in Alaska used to speak Russian, because the United States bought Alaska from Russia.

Some places in the United States speak German, including the Pennsylvania Dutch, the Hutterite Germans, and the Texas Germans. The Plautdietsch dialect is spoken by descendants of people from the United States, Canada, and Mexico.

Nearly everybody in Greenland speaks Danish, where it is spoken because of colonization by the Danish. Dutch is spoken by a lot of people in Aruba and the Netherlands Antilles, and descendants of settlers who live in the United States, Canada, and Mexico.

Lots of Asian languages are spoken in the United States and Canada, including Hindi, Urdu, Bengali, Kashmiri, Dogri, Gujarati, Konkani, Marathi, Punjabi, Sindhi, Odia, Maithili, Nepali, Balochi, Pashto, Assamese, Meitei, Santali, Kokborok, Tamil, Telugu, Tulu, Malayalam, and Kannada. Lots of Indians came to the Caribbean during the 19th and 20th centuries to work on the sugar cane, cocoa bean, rice and coffee bean plantations after slavery was abolished.

Urn

An urn is a vase, often with a cover, with a typically narrowed neck above a rounded body and a footed pedestal. Describing a vessel as an "urn", as opposed to a vase or other terms, generally reflects its use rather than any particular shape or origin. The term is especially often used for funerary urns, vessels used in burials, either to hold the cremated ashes or as grave goods. The history of cremation urns dates back to ancient civilizations. Cremation as a funerary practice has been prevalent in various cultures throughout history. The use of urns for holding cremated remains can be traced to ancient Greece, where elaborate pottery urns were crafted to house the ashes of the deceased. In ancient Rome, urns made of materials such as marble or bronze became popular, showcasing intricate designs and symbols associated with the deceased. Over time, different cultures and time periods have influenced the design and materials used for cremation urns, reflecting the artistic and cultural preferences of each era. Today, cremation urns continue to serve as meaningful vessels for preserving the memory and legacy of loved ones. But it is used in many other contexts; in catering large vessels for serving tea or coffee are often called "tea-urns", even when they are metal cylinders of purely functional design. Large sculpted vases are often called urns, whether placed outdoors, in gardens or as architectural ornaments on buildings, or kept inside.


People Will Talk

People Will Talk is a 1951 American romantic comedy drama movie directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and is the English language version on the 1932 play by Curt Goetz. It stars Cary Grant, Jeanne Crain, Hume Cronyn, Finlay Currie, Walter Slezak and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


I Can Get It for You Wholesale (movie)

I Can Get It for You Wholesale is a 1951 American romantic drama movie directed by Michael Gordon and based on the 1937 novel of the same name by Jerome Weidman. It stars Susan Hayward, Dan Dailey, George Sanders, Sam Jaffe, Harry von Zell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

8HevXII a

8HevXII a (originally marked LXX; Rahlfs 943a) is a Septuagint manuscript that containing the biblical books of minor prophets. This is a manuscript in scroll form dated to the 1st century. It was found in the Judean Desert in the cave number 8 of Nahal Hever. This fragment is also marked with number 943a on the list of Septuagint manuscripts according to Alfred Rahlfs classification.

This scroll contains the name of God YHWH in the following places: Jon 4:2; Mic 1:1, 3; Mic 4:4, 5, 7; Mic 5:4, 4; Hab 2:14, 16, 20; Hab 3:9; Zep 1:3, 14; Zep 2:10; Zec 1:3, 3, 4; Zec 3:5, 6, 7.

This manuscript was published in "Supplements to Vetus Testamentum", Vol. X, in 1963. The original designation of the scroll comes from the abbreviated name of the publication in which it was published (LXX - manuscript of the Septuagint; Vetus Testamentum, Supplements; volume X).

This manuscript is kept in the Rockefeller Museum in Jerusalem (8HevXII a).


A Millionaire for Christy

A Millionaire for Christy is a 1951 American comedy movie directed by George Marshall and starring Fred MacMurray, Eleanor Parker, Richard Carlson, Una Merkel, Douglass Dumbrille. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Judith Quiney

Judith Quiney (baptised 2 February 1585 – 9 February 1662), née Shakespeare, was the younger daughter of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway and the fraternal twin of their only son Hamnet Shakespeare. By the time of Judith Quiney's death, she had outlived her children by many years.

On 10 February 1616, Shakespeare’s younger daughter Judith married a local man, Thomas Quiney. At the start of 1616 her impending marriage must have been the cause of celebration in the family. Shakespeare first saw his lawyer to draft his will in January 1616. This is often taken to mean he was already ill, but with his daughters married or betrothed it was also a good time to ensure they would be provided for.Things started to go wrong soon after that first session with the lawyer. In the first drafting of the will, he is mentioned specifically with a bequest “vnto my sonne in L[aw]”. The marriage occurred outside the usual period for marriages (as Shakespeare’s own had been). Anne Hathaway was already pregnant. This wasn’t the case with Judith.Shakespeare’s marriage had been arranged by license from Worcester, but in Judith’s case no license was granted. Marrying without going through the proper procedures was frowned on, and both Judith and Thomas were excommunicated. None of this sounds like respectable behaviour, but worse was to come. Thomas might well have been in a hurry to marry Judith, because after the marriage it soon came out that he had previously had a mistress, Margaret Wheeler, who was pregnant with his child. To make matters worse, both Margaret and her baby died. Thomas was tried by the church court and sentenced to stand in front of the congregation of Holy Trinity church clad in a white sheet, for three Sundays.

Shakespeare saw his lawyer again on 25 March. One of the significant changes is that the reference to Thomas Quiney was struck out and Judith’s name was inserted instead. Judith was to inherit £100, a cottage, and if she or her children were alive after three years a further £150 of which she should receive the interest, giving her and any children she might have an independent income. She also received Shakespeare’s “broad silver gilt bole”. Very little is known about Judith, but her life seems to have been full of disappointments. As far as we know she received no education, and lived in Stratford all her life. She and her twin brother Hamnet were born in 1585, but Hamnet died in August 1596. His death must have affected the whole family profoundly, not least Judith herself. This was the first of many sad events in her life, the next of which was the humiliation surrounding her marriage. She can not have been unaware of the comparison with her older sister Susanna who had already made a successful marriage to a highly-respected doctor and had a daughter. In Shakespeare’s will, it’s Susanna who inherits most of Shakespeare’s wealth including his house New Place.

Shakespeare himself died in April 1616, only a few weeks after Judith’s marriage and humiliation. In November Judith herself had a baby son, who was christened “Shakespeare”, after her father. The baby lived for only six months, dying in May 1617. Infant mortality was high, and several of Shakespeare’s own siblings had died as babies. Later, in 1618 and 1620, Judith had two more sons, Richard and Thomas. These two boys survived childhood but died within weeks of each other in 1639, aged 19 and 21, probably of plague. So Judith outlived all of her children, being buried on 9 February 1662 aged 77, while her husband died in 1662 or 1663. Thomas Quiney was by profession a vintner and tobacconist, and later became a leading member of the town’s governing council, holding its highest office, Chamberlain, in 1621 and 1622. But unlike her sister and brother-in-law who had graves in the chancel of the church, Judith and Thomas were buried in the churchyard, the site is now unknown.The house in which Judith and Thomas Quiney lived still stands, but unlike Susannah’s house Hall’s Croft Shakespeare’s Birthplace or the site of his grand house New Place it isn’t a museum. It used to be known as “The Cage”, and stands in the very centre of town at the junction of High Street and Bridge Street. In its time this building has been a prison, the “Shakespeare View Store”, the town’s Tourist Information Centre and now, a shop selling Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries.

8HevXII b

8HevXII b (originally marked LXXVTS 10b; Rahlfs 943b) is a manuscript of the Septuagint written on parchment in scroll form. This scroll is dated between 50 B.C.E. and 50 C.E. It is a manuscript containing a fragment of the Biblical Book of Zachariah 8,18-9,7. It was found in the Judean Desert in the cave of Nahal Heber. This fragment is also numbered 943b on the list of Septuaginta manuscripts according to Alfred Rahlfs classification.

This manuscript contains a tetragrammaton in the following places: Zec 8:20; 9:1(×2), 4.

The manuscript was published in "Supplements to Vetus Testamentum", Vol. X, in 1963. The original designation of the scroll comes from the abbreviated name of the publication in which it was published (LXX - manuscript of the Septuaginty; Vetus Testamentum, Supplements volume X, scroll b,).

This manuscript is kept in the Rockefeller Museum in Jerusalem (8HevXII b).

Pahar Ganj

Pagar ganj or pagar ganj is a subdivision in the administration district of central Delhi.

Operations and Checkout Building

The Neil Armstrong Operations and Checkout Building (O&C) (previously known as the Manned Spacecraft Operations Building) is a factory located at Kennedy Space Center.

The building was built in 1964, and made from reinforced concrete and steel.

Its purpose is to make and test out rocket parts such as the Apollo Command/Service Module, Lunar Module, Space Shuttle Spacelab modules, and truss components for the International Space Station. Once manufacturing and check-testing is complete, the spacecraft modules or space stations are checked out of the factory to the SSPF or the Vehicle Assembly Building for integration and launch.

The O&C is actually a two-part building with connected overhead walkways. The front building is where astronauts live in dormitories before launching into space. It also has a few conference rooms, several laboratories, and a restaurant. The rear building is where the spacecraft manufacturing workshop is located.

In 2014, the O&C was named in honor of the first man on the moon: Neil Armstrong.

Pacific Coast League

The Pacific Coast League (PCL) is a Minor League Baseball league based in the Western United States. Like the International League, the PCL plays at the Triple-A (AAA) level, the most difficult level before Major League Baseball (MLB).

The league started in 1903 and was a popular baseball league in the region until 1958 when MLB teams moved there and MLB games began to be shown on television. It was named the Pacific Coast League because it started with only teams from the states of California, Oregon, and Washington, which are next to the Pacific Ocean. After MLB took control of Minor League Baseball in 2021, it was called the Triple-A West for one season before going back to the PCL name in 2022.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


ICN Business School

ICN Business School is an European higher studies establishment. The school is in 4 places, in La Défense, Nancy, Berlin and Nuremberg. It has been established in 1905. 

ICN is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management.


Flor de Caña

Flor de Caña (which means 'Sugarcane flower' in Spanish) is a type of premium rum that is made by the company, Compañía Licorera de Nicaragua.

The company started making this rum in the year 1890.


Tetragonia tetragonoides

Tetragonia tetragonoides, commonly called New Zealand spinach and other local names, is a flowering plant in the fig-marigold family (Aizoaceae). It is often cultivated as a leafy vegetable.

Sino-Indian War

The Sino-Indian War was a war between India and China, in 1962, over a border dispute in the Himalayas. China won the war, but there were almost no changes in territory.

Dark-sky preserve

A dark-sky preserve (DSP) is protected area without light pollution created by humans. These areas are used to help promote astronomy. Different countries have different programs for making areas dark-sky preserves. The International Dark-Sky Association (IDA) uses the word "reserve" instead of "park", or "preserve" with their dark-sky preserves. This is so that people don't confuse International Dark Sky Reserves (IDSR) and International Dark Sky Parks (IDSP).

In Canada, there is a very strict way to make areas dark-sky preserves. This was based on the work by the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada. The program is based on the amount of light in an area and how much skyglow there is from cities and towns that are close to it. Canada's program is the only one in the world that makes areas dark-sky preserves. Outside Canada, when areas are called dark-sky preserves, they are not official, and might not be a real dark or protected preserve.

Aragonese Party

The Aragonese Party (, PAR), is a regional political party from Aragon, a northern province of Spain. The party was founded in 1978 with the name Aragonese Regionalist Party. They later changed their name in 1990 to Aragonese Party. However, they kept the initials PAR.


Vehicle Assembly Building

The Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB) is an iconic industrial building at the John F. Kennedy Space Center. It's designed to assemble pre-made rocket stages, spacecraft and related parts vertically onto a mobile launch platform. The Saturn V, Space Shuttle and Ares-I rockets have been assembled in the VAB, and the upcoming Space Launch System in late 2020.

Construction began in 1963, and was completed in 1966. It is 160 metres (525 feet) tall (716 feet (218.2 m) long and 518 feet (157.9 m) wide), made from aproximately 100,000 tons of steel, and contains 3,665,000 m of internal volume.

The VAB has four large assembly areas called high bays, with one huge central aisle where the rocket parts are loaded in.

The Launch Control Center is adjascent to the side of the building, with a walkway connecting both buildings. The NASA logo and American flags are the largest painted facades in the world.

Morpheus (mythology)

Morpheus was the god of dreams. Hypnos (the god of sleep) was his father. Pasithea (the goddess of relaxation and rest) was his mother.

Dictatorship of the proletariat

The dictatorship of the proletariat is a condition of society where the working class has more power to govern than every other social class.

Ricaud, Aude

Ricaud is a commune of 299 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Rieux-en-Val

Rieux-en-Val is a commune of 88 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Rieux-Minervois

Rieux-Minervois is a commune of 1,987 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sherman County, Oregon

Sherman County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 1,870 people. The county seat is Moro.

Morrow County, Oregon

Morrow County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 12,186 people. The county seat is Heppner.

Tillamook County, Oregon

Tillamook County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 27,390 people. The county seat is Tillamook.

Union County, Oregon

Union County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2020 census, the county has a population of 26,196 people. The county seat is La Grande.

Prineville, Oregon

Prineville is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Crook County.

Lakeview, Oregon

Lakeview is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Lake County.

Roquecourbe-Minervois

Roquecourbe-Minervois is a commune of 132 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Roquefère

Roquefère is a commune of 79 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Roubia

Roubia is a commune of 509 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Sainte-Colombe-sur-Guette

Sainte-Colombe-sur-Guette is a commune of 46 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Routier, Aude

Routier is a commune of 248 people (2017). It is in the region Occitanie in the Aude department in the south of France.

Gold Beach, Oregon

Gold Beach (Tolowa: yan-shu’-chit, yan-shuu-chit’-dvn) is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Curry County. It is on the Oregon Coast. As of the 2020 census, 2,341 lived there.

The community was first named Ellensburg in the 1850s. The name was changed to Gold Beach after a beach near the mouth of the Rogue River where hundreds of mines extracted gold. An Ellensburgh post office was created in 1853. It changed to Ellensburg in 1877. On 1890, it changed to Gold Beach.

Boats carrying mail were based in Gold Beach. They have been taking mail up the river to Agness since 1895. 

Gold Beach had been a community since the middle of the 19th century. It has been the county seat since 1859. Its incorporation charter only dates to 1945.

In June 2020, the Mayor (Karl Popoff) resigned from a local nonprofit after saying "Black Lives Matter don't matter to Black Lives Matter people ... you can shove your racism bandwagon." Popoff had been mayor for 16 years at that time. He apologized for his tone but stood by the content of his message. He said "Those three words hit me the wrong way", speaking of Black Lives Matter. Most of city councilors voted to censure the mayor and to stop funding for his projects. One coucilor said "He doesn’t know what he wrote was wrong."

Canyon City, Oregon

Canyon City is a city in Oregon in the United States. It is the county seat of Grant County.

Grand Hotel (movie)

Grand Hotel is a 1932 American drama movie directed by Edmund Goulding and based on the 1929 novel "Menschen im Hotel" by Vicki Baum and the 1930 play by William A. Drake. It stars Greta Garbo, Joan Crawford, John Barrymore, Lionel Barrymore, Wallace Berry, Lewis Stone, Jean Hersholt, Tully Marshall and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It won an Academy Award in 1932 and was remade as "Week-End at the Waldorf" in 1945.

Zürich Stock Exchange

Zürich Stock Exchange (also known as SIX Swiss Exchange) is based in Zurich. It is Switzerland's main stock exchange. The other stock exchange is Berne eXchange.

It is owned by SIX Group which is an unlisted public limited company itself and is controlled by 122 banks or financial institutions.

Zürich Stock Exchange was founded in 1993. It was created by merging the Geneva stock exchange, the Basel stock exchange and the Zurich stock exchange into the Verein Schweizerische Effektenbörse.

Taiwan Stock Exchange

Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE; ) is a financial institution which is located in Taipei 101, in Taipei, Taiwan. TWSE was established in 1961 and it started operating as a stock exchange on 9 February 1962. It is regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan.

Taiwan Stock Exchange broadcasts before-hour information from 7:40 to 8:40. Then it has normal trading sessions from 09:00 to 13:45 and a fixed price post-market sessions from 14:00 to 15:00 on all days of the week except Saturdays, Sundays and holidays. These holidays are declared by the exchange in advance.

Schwarzschild metric

The Schwarzschild metric was calculated by Karl Schwarzschild as a solution to Einstein's field equations in 1916. Also known as Schwarzschild solution, it is an equation from general relativity in the field of astrophysics. A "metric" refers to an equation which describes spacetime; in particular, a Schwarzschild metric describes the gravitational field around a Schwarzschild black hole - a non-rotating, spherical black hole with no magnetic field, and where the cosmological constant is zero.

It is essentially an equation that describes how a particle moves through the space near a black hole.

formula_1

Although a more complicated way of calculating the Schwarzschild metric can be found using Christoffel Symbols, it can also be derived using the equations for escape velocity (formula_2), time dilation (dt'), length contraction (dr'):

formula_3 (1)

v is the velocity of the particle 
G is the gravitational constant 
M is the mass of the black hole 
r is how close the particle is to the heavy object

formula_4 (2) 
formula_5 (3)

dt' is the particle's true change in time 
dt is the particle's change in time 
dr' is the true distance traveled 
dr is the particle's change in distance 
v is the velocity of the particle 
c is the speed of light

Note: the true time interval and true distance traveled by the particle are different than the time and distance calculated in classical physics calculations, since it is traveling in such a heavy gravitational field!

Using the equation for flat spacetime in spherical coordinates:
formula_6 (4)

ds is the path of the particle

formula_7 is the angle 
dformula_7 and dformula_9 are the change in angles

Inputting the equations for escape velocity, time dilation, and length contraction (equations 1, 2, and 3) into the equation for flat spacetime (equation 4), to get the 
Schwarzschild metric:

formula_10 (5)

From this equation we can take out the Schwarzschild radius (formula_11), the radius of this black hole. Although this is most commonly used to describe a Schwarzschild black hole, the Schwarzschild radius can be calculated for any heavy object.

formula_12 (6)

formula_13 is the set radius limit of the object

Fita

Fita (Ѳ ѳ; italics: "Ѳ ѳ") is a Cyrillic letter that comes from the Greek letter theta. In Cyrillic numerals, it is equal to the number nine.

The Reincarnation of Peter Proud

The Reincarnation of Peter Proud is a 1975 American psychological horror drama movie directed J. Lee Thompson and is based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Max Ehrlich. It stars Michael Sarrazin, Margot Kidder, Jennifer O'Neill, Paul Hecht. It was distributed by American International Pictures. David Fincher and Andrew Kevin Walker had announced the remake in 2009.


Johnny McCarthy

John Joseph McCarthy (April 25, 1934 – May 9, 2020) was an American basketball player and coach. He was born in Buffalo, New York. He played for the National Basketball Association from 1956 to 1964. He played for the Cincinnati Royals, St. Louis Hawks and the Boston Celtics. He coached the Buffalo Braves from 1971 to 1972.

McCarthy died on May 9, 2020 in Buffalo at the age of 86.


Adolfo Pajares

Adolfo Pajares Compostizo (26 March 1937 – 13 May 2020) was a Spanish politician and businessman. He was born in Torrelavega, Spain. He was a member of the People's Party. Pajares was President of the Parliament of Cantabria from 1990 to 1999.

Pajares died on 13 May 2020 in Santander, Spain at the age of 83.

Torrelavega

Torrelavega (Cantabrian: "Torlavega") is a municipality in the single province Autonomous Community of Cantabria in northern Spain.

Its highest point is 606 metres and its lowest point is 12 metres.


Gabriel Bacquier

Gabriel Bacquier (17 May 1924 – 13 May 2020) was a French operatic baritone. He was a long-term member of the Opéra-Comique and the Paris Opera. He also appeared at leading opera houses in Europe and the United States.

Bacquier made his American debut at the Lyric Opera of Chicago in 1962 as the High Priest in "Samson et Dalila" by Saint-Saëns.

Bacquier died on 13 May 2020, aged 95.

Lyric Opera of Chicago

Lyric Opera of Chicago is one of the leading opera companies in the United States. It was founded in Chicago in 1954, under the name 'Lyric Theatre of Chicago' by Carol Fox, Nicola Rescigno and Lawrence Kelly. Maria Callas's American debut in "Norma" was held here. 

The Lyric is housed in a theater and related spaces in the Civic Opera Building. 


Civic Opera Building

The Civic Opera Building is a 45-story office tower at 20 North Wacker Drive in Chicago. The building opened November 4, 1929, and has an Art Deco interior. It has a 3,563-seat opera house, the Civic Opera House, which is the second-largest opera auditorium in North America. 

Today, the opera house is the permanent home of the Lyric Opera of Chicago.


Prime Minister of Laos

The prime minister of the Lao People's Democratic Republic is the head of government of Laos. It is the highest office within the Central Government.

Bounnhang Vorachith

Bounnhang Vorachith (; born 15 August 1937) is a Laotian politician. He was General Secretary of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party and President of Laos from 2016 to 2021. He was Prime Minister from 2001 to 2006 and Vice President of Laos from 2006 to 2016.

Thongloun Sisoulith

Thongloun Sisoulith , (; born 10 November 1946) is a Laotian politician. In 2021, he became the President of Laos. He was the Prime Minister of Laos from 2016 until 2021.


President of Laos

The President of the Lao People's Democratic Republic is the head of state of Laos

Souphanouvong

Prince Souphanouvong (13 July 1909 – 9 January 1995) was a Laotian politician. He was the first President of Laos from December 1975 to August 1991. He was nicknamed "The Red Prince". He was a founding leader of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. 

Souphanouvong died on 9 January 1995 at the age of 86.

Phoumi Vongvichit

Phoumi Vongvichit (6 April 1909 – 7 January 1994) was a Laotian politician. From 1986 to 1991, he was the acting President of Laos.


Kaysone Phomvihane

Kaysone Phomvihane () (13 December 1920 – 21 November 1992) was a Laotian politician. He was the first leader of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party from 1955 until his death in 1992. He was the first Prime Minister of the Lao People's Democratic Republic from 1975 to 1991 and then as the second President from 1991 to 1992.

Nouhak Phoumsavanh

Nouhak Phoumsavanh or Phoumsavan (; ; April 9, 1910 – September 9, 2008) was a Laotian politician. He was a longtime Pathet Lao revolutionary and communist party official. He was the 3rd President of Laos from 1992 to 1998.

J. Lee Thompson

John Lee Thompson (1 August 1914 – 30 August 2002) was a British movie director active in London and Hollywood and is best remembered for his Oscar nomination for the 1961 movie "The Guns of Navarone". His other movies include "Cape Fear", "The Yellow Balloon", "Ice Cold in Alex", "Tiger Bay", "Never So Few", "Yield to the Night", "What a Way to Go!", "Country Dance", "St. Ives", "The Reincarnation of Peter Proud", "Happy Birthday to Me", "10 to Midnight", "Murphy's Law", "The Evil That Men Do", "Firewalker", and "".


Choummaly Sayasone

Lieutenant General Choummaly Sayasone (Lao: ຈູມມະລີ ໄຊຍະສອນ; born 6 March 1936) is a Laotian politician. He was the General Secretary (leader) of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP). He was the President of Laos from 2006 to 2016. He was the third Vice President of Laos from 2001 to 2006.

Vice President of Laos

Vice President of Laos is the political position in Laos created in 1996. The Vice President is elected by the National Assembly of Laos.

The history of the office holders follows.


Phankham Viphavanh

Phankham Viphavanh (; born 14 April 1951) is a Laotian politician. In 2021, he became the Prime Minister of Laos. He is a member of Politburo. He is the Executive Committee of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. He was the Vice President of Laos from 2016 until 2021.

President of the National Assembly of Laos

This is a list of individuals who served as President of the National Assembly of Laos.

Samane Viyaket

Lieutenant General Samane Viyaket (3 March 1927 – 22 July 2016) was a Laotian national politician. He was the President of the National Assembly of Laos from 1993 to 2006. 

He was born in Phichit Province, Siam. He was in charge of ideological and cultural works of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP).

He died on 22 July 2016 at the age of 89.

Thongsing Thammavong

Thongsing Thammavong (Lao: ທອງສິງ ທຳມະວົງ; born 12 April 1944) is a Laotian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Laos from 2010 to 2016. He is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party (LPRP). He has been a member of the LPRP Politburo since 1991. He was the President of the National Assembly from 2006 to 2010.

The Yellow Balloon (movie)

The Yellow Balloon is a 1953 British drama movie directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Kathleen Ryan, Andrew Ray, Kenneth More, Bernard Lee, Sid James, Marjorie Rhodes, William Sylvester, Veronica Hurst. It was distributed by Associated British Picture Corporation.

Pany Yathotou

Pany Yathotou (born 18 February 1951) is a Laotian politician. She is a member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party. In 2021, she became the Vice President of Laos.

She was the chairman and governor of the Bank of the Lao P.D.R. from 1988 until 1997. Yathotou later became a member of the National Assembly in 1998. She became the President of the National Assembly of Laos in 2010.

National Assembly (Laos)

The National Assembly (, ) is the unicameral parliament of Laos. The National Assembly meets in Vientiane.

Laos is a one-party state, with the Lao People's Revolutionary Party as the sole legal party in the country.

Vicki (movie)

Vicki is a 1953 American crime drama movie directed by Harry Horner and is based on "I Wake Up Screaming" by Steve Fisher is a remake of the 1941 movie. It stars Jeanne Crain, Jean Peters, Elliott Reid, Richard Boone, Aaron Spelling, Carl Betz. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Money Pit

The Money Pit is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Richard Benjamin. The movie is a remake of "Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House", a 1948 Cary Grant comedy. "The Money Pit" stars Tom Hanks and Shelley Long as a couple who try to fix a recently purchased house. 

It was filmed in New York City and Lattingtown, New York, and was co-executive produced by Steven Spielberg.

Lattingtown, New York

The Incorporated Village of Lattingtown is a village located within the Town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County, New York in the United States. The population was 1,881 at the 2020 census. 

Lattingtown is located at (40.894334, -73.595118).

Big (movie)

Big is a 1988 American fantasy comedy-drama movie directed by Penny Marshall. It stars Tom Hanks as Adult Josh Baskin, a young boy who makes a wish "to be big" and then becomes an adult the next day. The movie also stars Elizabeth Perkins, David Moscow as young Josh, John Heard and Robert Loggia

"Big" had two Academy Award nominations for Best Actor (Hanks) and Best Original Screenplay.

Henderson, Texas

Henderson is a city and the county seat of Rusk County, northeast Texas, United States. The population was 13,271 at the 2020 census. Henderson is named for James Pinckney Henderson, the first governor of Texas.

COVID-19 pandemic in the United States

The COVID-19 pandemic spread to the United States in January 2020. The first confirmed case of local transmission was recorded in January in Chicago and the first known deaths happened in February.

By the end of March, cases had happened in all 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and all U.S. territories except American Samoa.

As of , cases of COVID-19 have been reported, and people have died of COVID-19.

As of May 13, 2020, the U.S. had the most confirmed active cases and deaths in the world, and its death rate was 206 per million people, the tenth-highest rate globally.

The Trump administration made a public health emergency on January 31, and on February 2nd he began to end the entry of most foreign nationals who had recently travelled to China. People have said that the country's response to the pandemic was slow regarding testing and medical response.

On February 25, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warned the American public for the first time to prepare for a local outbreak.

A national emergency was declared on March 13. In early March, the Food and Drug Administration began allowing public health agencies and private companies to create and carry out tests. The Trump administration waited until mid-March to start purchasing large amounts of medical equipment.

On March 16, the White House announced that they were against any gatherings of more than ten people. Since March 19, 2020, the U.S. Department of State has said all U.S. citizens to avoid all international travel. 

State and local responses to the outbreak have included cancellation of large gatherings, stay-at-home orders, and the closing of schools and other educational institutions. 

Large numbers of outbreaks in the U.S. were seen in black American populations. 

Many numbers of infections and deaths have happened in nursing homes, long-term care facilities, prisons, and other detention centers, meatpacking plants, churches, and larger cities such as New York City, Chicago, Los Angeles, and Seattle.

In July 2020, scientists from Johns Hopkins University told people that deaths from COVID-19 in United States prisons were much higher than the average for the whole country. There were about 3251 sick prisoners and 39 deaths out of every 100,000 prisoners. The national average was about 587 sick United States residents and 29 deaths for every 100,000 United States residents.

COVID-19 pandemic in Spain

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed to have spread to Spain on 31 January 2020, when a German tourist tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 in La Gomera, Canary Islands. By 13 March, cases had been confirmed in all 50 provinces of the country.

A state of alarm and national lockdown was made on 14 March. On 29 March it was announced that, beginning the following day, all non-essential workers were to stay home for the next 14 days. By late March, the Community of Madrid had recorded the most cases and deaths in the country. 

On 25 March the death toll in Spain passed that of mainland China, and only Italy's was higher. 

On 2April, 950 people died of the virus in a 24-hour period—at the time, the most by any country in a single day. The next day Spain passed Italy in total cases and was then second only to the United States.

COVID-19 pandemic in Italy

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed to have spread to Italy on 30 January 2020, when two Chinese tourists in Rome tested positive for the virus. 

A large amount of cases was later found, starting with 16 confirmed cases in Lombardy on 21 February, and 60 additional cases and the first deaths on 22 February. By the beginning of March, the virus had spread to all regions of Italy.

On 30 January, the Italian government stopped all flights to and from China and declared a state of emergency. In February, eleven cities in northern Italy were seen as the centres of the two main Italian infected areas and placed under quarantine. The majority of positive cases in other regions traced back to these two areas. 

On 8 March 2020, Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte expanded the quarantine to all of Lombardy and 14 other northern provinces, and on the following day to all of Italy were placed on quarantine. On 11 March 2020, Conte prohibited nearly all commercial activity except for supermarkets and pharmacies. 

On 21 March, the Italian government closed all non-essential businesses and industries, and stopped movement of people.

, Italy has 78,457 active cases, one of the highest in the world.
Overall there have been 
222,104 confirmed cases and 
31,106 deaths (a rate of 509 deaths per million population), while there have been 
112,541 recoveries or dismissals. 

By 13 May, Italy had tested about 1,779,000 people. Because of the limited number of tests performed, the real number of infected people in Italy, as in other countries, is seen to be higher than the official count. 

On 19 March, Italy became the country with the highest number of confirmed coronavirus deaths; however, on 11 April, the United States topped Italy.

COVID-19 pandemic in mainland China

The COVID-19 pandemic started with a large number of unknown, possible pneumonia cases in the city of Wuhan, the capital of Hubei province, China. A Wuhan hospital told the local center for disease control and prevention (CDC) and health commissions on 27 December 2019.

On 31 December, the Wuhan CDC told the media that there was a large number of unknown pneumonia cases related to Huanan Seafood Market.

The possible disease outbreak soon became known nationwide including that of the National Health Commission (NHC) in Beijing who sent experts to Wuhan on the following day. Chinese authorities notified the World Health Organisation on this same day. On 8 January, a new coronavirus was identified as the cause of the pneumonia. 

Public and media criticized Chinese officials for a slow response to fight the outbreak when it first started. By 29 January, the virus spread to all provinces of mainland China. All provinces of mainland China began a large public health emergency. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak a "Public Health Emergency of International Concern" on 31 January, saying that there are reasons that it could spread to other countries, such as those without robust healthcare systems. By 8 February, over 724 died from the coronavirus and 34,878 were confirmed to have been infected. In Hubei alone, there were 24,953 cases of infections and 699 related deaths.

The Chinese government may have censored talks about the outbreak since the beginning of its spread. On 25 January, Chinese Communist Party General Secretary Xi Jinping warned about a "grave situation" in China. 

The Chinese New Year celebrations were cancelled. Passengers across the country have been checked for their temperatures. 

By 29 January, all Hubei cities were quarantined. Curfew laws were added in Huanggang, Wenzhou, and other mainland cities. 

In February 2020, the region also saw a huge shortage of face masks and other protective gear even though China called themselves the world's largest makers of these masks. Other countries donated medical supplies to help China deal with the epidemic.

On 25 February, the number of newly confirmed cases outside mainland China passed those from within for the first time. By 6 March the reported number of new cases had dropped to well fewer than 100 nationally per day, down from thousands per day.

"Many human coronaviruses have their origin in bats". The human coronavirus NL63 shared a common ancestor with a bat coronavirus (ARCoV.2) between 1190 and 1449 AD. The human coronavirus 229E shared a common ancestor with a bat coronavirus (GhanaGrp1 Bt CoV) between 1686 and 1800 AD. More recently, alpaca coronavirus and human coronavirus 229E diverged sometime before 1960. 

MERS-CoV emerged in humans from bats through the intermediate host of camels. MERS-CoV, although related to several bat coronavirus species, appears to have diverged from these several centuries ago. 

The most closely related bat coronavirus and SARS-CoV diverged in 1986. The ancestors of SARS-CoV first infected leaf-nose bats; later, they spread to horseshoe bats, then to Asian palm civets, and finally to humans.

Racism among Asians such as Chinese people grew during the pandemic such as criticisms of their markets, lifestyles and food choices. Some rumors say that China made the virus in a lab.

COVID-19 pandemic in Iran

During the COVID-19 pandemic, Iran reported its first confirmed cases of SARS-CoV-2 infections on 19 February 2020 in Qom. The virus may have been brought to the country by a merchant from Qom who had travelled to China.

In response to the coronavirus the government cancelled public events and Friday prayers. They closed schools, universities, shopping centres, bazaars, and holy shrines; and banned festival celebrations. 

Economic help were also announced to help families and businesses. The government at first did not support plans to quarantine entire cities and areas. The government later announced a ban on travel between cities following an increase in the number of new cases.

Some outside guesses of the numbers of COVID-19 deaths were much higher than those from government sources, with one saying over 40,000 deaths. The government was also accused of cover-ups, censorship, and not handling the pandemic well. However, the World Health Organization said that it had not seen problems with Iran's reported numbers.

Many government ministers and senior officials have been diagnosed as SARS-CoV-2 positive. As of 3 March 2020, 23 members of the Parliament (around 8% of all MPs) tested positive. 

At least 12 sitting or former Iranian politicians and officials had died from the virus by 17 March. 

Some of the well known Iranians reported to have died from COVID-19 include:


COVID-19 pandemic in India

The first case of the COVID-19 pandemic in India was reported on 30 January 2020, originating from China.

The infection rate of COVID-19 in India was reported to be 1.7, which was lower than in the worst affected countries.

The outbreak was called an epidemic in more than a dozen states and union territories.

On 22 March 2020, India made a 14-hour voluntary public curfew at the instance of the prime minister Narendra Modi. The government followed it up with lockdowns in 75 districts where COVID-19 cases had occurred as well as all major cities. On 24 March, the prime minister ordered a nationwide lockdown for 21 days, affecting the entire 1.3billion population of India. On 14 April, the prime minister extended the nationwide lockdown until 3 May.

People worried about the economic effects caused by the lockdown, which has would have on informal workers, micro and small enterprises, farmers and the self-employed.

Observers stated that the lockdown slowed the growth rate of the pandemic by 6 April to a rate of doubling every 6 days, and, by 18 April, to a rate of doubling every 8 days.

The Oxford COVID-19 Government Response Tracker (OxCGRT), in its report based on data from 73 countries, reports that the Indian Government responded more strictly than other countries in the pandemic.

COVID-19 pandemic in Germany

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic spread to Germany on 27 January 2020, when the first case was confirmed near Munich, Bavaria.

The majority of cases in January and early February came from the same automobile-parts business place as the first case. On 25 and 26 February, multiple cases related to the Italian outbreak were found in Baden-Württemberg. A large number linked to a carnival event was formed in Heinsberg, North Rhine-Westphalia, with the first death reported on 9March 2020. New larger groups were found in other regions via Heinsberg as well as by people arriving from China, Iran and Italy, from where non-Germans could arrive by plane until 17–18 March.

The outbreaks were first managed in a "containment stage", which tried to lower the increase of larger infected areas. The German government and several health officials stated the country was ready and did not create special measures to increase medical supplies or limit public freedom. Since 13 March, the pandemic has been managed in the "protection stage". Two days later, borders to five neighboring countries were closed.

By 22 March, all regional governments had announced curfews or restrictions in public spaces. Throughout Germany, travelling was only allowed in groups of two people unless they are from the same household.

Some German states added more restrictions allowing people to leave their homes only for specified activities including commuting to work, exercising or purchasing food.

 173,699 cases had been reported with 7,791 deaths and about 147,200 recoveries. The low fatality rate in Germany, compared to Italy and Spain, resulted in a debate and explanations that say the country's higher number of tests performed, higher number of available intensive care beds with respiratory support, absence of COVID-19 analyses in autopsies and higher proportion of positive cases among younger people.

COVID-19 pandemic in France

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached France on 24 January 2020, when the first COVID-19 case in both Europe and France was identified in Bordeaux.

The first five confirmed cases were all people who had recently arrived from China. A Chinese tourist who was admitted to hospital in Paris on 28 January died on 14 February, making it the first COVID-19 death in France. The annual assembly of the Christian Open Door Church between 17 and 24 February in Mulhouse which was attended by about 2,500 people was believed where the virus spread throughout France.

On 12 March, French President Emmanuel Macron announced on public television that all schools and all universities would close from Monday 16 March until further notice. The next day, Prime Minister Édouard Philippe banned gatherings of more than 100 people, not including public transport. The following day, the prime minister ordered the closure of all non-essential public places, including restaurants, cafés, cinemas and nightclubs, effective at midnight.

On 16 March, Macron announced mandatory home order for 15 days starting at noon on 17 March. This was extended twice, until 11 May, after which the order would end only if citizens wore face masks.

On 2 May, Olivier Véran announced that the government would seek to extend the health emergency until 24 July. Many mayors were against the 11 May lifting of the lockdown, which had been announced by the President a few weeks earlier in a televised address to the nation, and said it was too soon. Veran's bill was discussed in Senate on 4 May.

, France has reported over 140,734 confirmed cases, 27,074 deaths, and 58,673 recoveries, ranking sixth in number of confirmed cases, passing China where the outbreak began.

COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic spread to the United Kingdom in late January 2020. As of , cases of COVID-19 have been reported, and people have died of COVID-19.
More than 90% of those dying had underlying illnesses or were over 60 years old. The infection rate was higher in care homes than in the community. There were large regional difference in the outbreak's severity. The outbreak in London had the highest total number and the most infections. England and Wales were the UK countries with the highest recorded death rate per head, and Northern Ireland had the lowest.

The Department of Health and Social Care created a public health campaign to help slow the virus's spread, and began posting daily updates in early February. 

In February, the Heath Secretary, Matt Hancock, proposed the Health Protection (Coronavirus) Regulations 2020. Hospitals set up drive-through screening (testing for the disease). The Chief Medical Officer for England, Chris Whitty, created a four-stage strategy to tackle the outbreak: contain, delay, research and mitigate (help, lessen).

First cases in the United Kingdom were on on 28 February, and by 1March there were cases in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. 

The government created the Coronavirus Action Plan, and said the outbreak a "level 4 incident". 

On 11 March, the outbreak was declared a pandemic. Four days later—following the outbreak in Italy, the government said everyone should avoid all "non-essential" travel and contact with others, avoid crowds, and work from home if possible. Those with symptoms, and their household, were asked to self-isolate. 

Pregnant women, the over 70s, and those with certain illnesses were asked to self-isolate for longer. Panic buying was reported.

On 20 March 2020, the four governments shut all schools, restaurants, pubs, indoor entertainment venues and leisure centres, with some exceptions. On 23 March, the UK government made a lockdown on the whole population, banning all "non-essential" travel and contact with people outside one's home and shutting almost all businesses, venues, facilities, amenities and places of worship. 

People were told to keep apart in public. Police were given the power to enforce the lockdown, and the Coronavirus Act 2020 gave the government emergency powers not used since the Second World War.

More lockdowns took place in October, November and December 2020. Different places had different rules. A national lockdown in England began on 5 January 2021.

It is said that the lockdown will severely damage the UK economy, lead to millions of job losses, worsen mental health and suicide rates, and cause "collateral" deaths due to isolation, delays and falling living standards. 

Researchers suggest the lockdown could be lifted by shielding only the most vulnerable and using contact tracing.

Some schools stayed open to teach the children of essential workers, at-risk children, and children with special education needs. However, adults who work for disabled students' rights told Parliament that British educators had unfairly sent special education students home without good reasons.

Starting with the most at risk, the UK vaccinations is going in this order:

COVID-19 pandemic in Canada

The COVID-19 pandemic in Canada is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). 

The disease was confirmed to have reached Canada on January 27, 2020, after a man who had returned to Toronto from Wuhan, Hubei, China, tested positive. , there have been over 134,000 confirmed cases, 118,000 recoveries and 9,000 deaths in the country. The Government of Canada said that around 11,000–22,000 deaths could happen over the course of the pandemic.

Most of those cases are in Canada's most populous provinces, Ontario (19,598 cases, 1,540 deaths) and Quebec (36,150 cases, 2,725 deaths). 

Confirmed cases have been reported in all of Canada's provinces and territories. An additional 13 cases involve citizens from the "Grand Princess" cruise ship. 

Among the Canadians who contracted the virus was Sophie Grégoire Trudeau, wife of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who tested positive for the virus on March 12 after which the family went into self-isolation. By March 28, she had recovered. 

Until March 2020, all cases were linked to recent travel to a country with a large number of cases. The first case of community transmission in Canada was confirmed in British Columbia on March 5, and Toronto's chief health officer announced on March 16 that there is "some evidence of community transmission" (that the disease was spreading within the country).

In mid March, as cases of community transmission were confirmed, all of Canada's provinces and territories declared states of emergency. Provinces and territories made school and daycare shutdown, ended on gatherings, closed non-essential businesses, restrictions on entry, and mandatory self-isolation for travellers. 

Canada severely restricted its border access.

Ryan Russell

Ryan Russell is an British actor, best known for being a presenter on CBeebies from 2017 to 2019 and for playing the role of Michael Bailey in the long-running ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" since 2019. He studied Performance at the University of Salford and has appeared onstage in "It's a Wonderful Life" and "Cassio" and in commercials for Superdrug and WeBuyAnyCar.com. Russell was also one of the kids on World of Colours.

COVID-19 pandemic in Ecuador

The COVID-19 pandemic was reported to have spread to Ecuador on 29 February 2020. That was when a woman in her 70s tested positive for the virus. Ecuador was described in April as the growing "epicentre" of the pandemic in Latin America. 

The city of Guayaquil had so many deaths that bodies were left in the street. Ecuador gave out cardboard coffins because the country had difficulty removing all the dead bodies. The government was planning to build emergency cemeteries to dispose of the bodies which are left in the streets.

In April 2021, newly elected President Guillermo Lasso said that his main priorities after being inaugurated would be to increase the COVID-19 vaccination rates in the country. Lassos said he aim for bilateral talks with Russia, China, the United States, the European Union and Chile to try to acquire vaccines.

The number of deaths was believed to be higher than the official figure because not enough testing was being done. A "New York Times" analysis found 7,600 more deaths had happened from 1 March to 15 April as the mortality rate spiked to three times as much as usual. That showed that the official death toll was lower than the actual death toll.

COVID-19 pandemic in Russia

The COVID-19 pandemic spread to Russia on 31 January 2020, when two Chinese tourists in Tyumen, Siberia and Chita, Russian Far East tested positive for the virus, with both cases being contained.

Early prevention measures happened within the first cases. They included restricting the border with China and large testing. The infection spread from Italy on 2 March, leading to more measures such as cancelling events, closing schools, theatres and museums, shutting the border, and declaring a non-working period which lasted up to 11 May, having been extended twice.

By the end of March, lockdowns were added in the large majority of federal subjects, including Moscow. By 17 April, cases were confirmed in all federal areas. On 27 April, the number of confirmed cases passed those in China and on 30 April, it passed 100,000.

As of 14 May, Russia has 252,245 confirmed cases, 53,530 recoveries, 2,305 deaths, and over 6.1 million tests performed, ranking second in number of confirmed cases. The city of Moscow is currently the most affected, having the majority of confirmed cases.

COVID-19 pandemic in Mexico

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Mexico in February 2020. However, the National Council of Science and Technology (CONACYT) reported two cases of COVID-19 in mid-January 2020 in the states of Nayarit and Tabasco, one case per state.

As of May 13, there had been 40,186 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Mexico and 4,220 reported deaths, although the Secretariat of Health said in early May 2020 that there were more than 104,562 cases in Mexico.

On January 12, 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed that a novel coronavirus was the cause of a respiratory illness in a large group of people in Wuhan, Hubei, China, which was reported to the World Health Organization (WHO) on December 31, 2019.

On January 22, 2020, the Secretariat of Health issued a statement saying that the novel coronavirus COVID-19 was not a threat to Mexico. 441 cases had been confirmed in China, Thailand, South Korea, and the United States. A travel warning was issued on January 9.

On February 28, Mexico confirmed its first three cases. A 35-year-old man and a 59-year-old man in Mexico City and a 41-year-old man in the northern state of Sinaloa tested positive and were held in isolation at a hospital and a hotel. They had travelled to Bergamo and stayed in Italy for a week in mid-February.

President Andrés Manuel López Obrador did not take the pandemic seriously such as the impact of coronavirus. He said "Pandemics ... won't do anything to us," and criticized the press and the opposition for its reportage.

A poll showed that 63% of Mexicans feared contracting COVID-19 and 25.5% feared dying from it. 28% said they were not willing to stay in their homes. 38.6% believed President López Obrador was handling the situation well, and 37% disapproved.

COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Brazil on 25 February 2020, when a man from São Paulo tested positive for the virus. 

As of 13 May 2020, 188,974 cases have been confirmed in the country, causing 13,149 deaths.

On 12 January, the World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed that a new coronavirus was the cause of a respiratory illness in a cluster of people in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China, which was reported to the WHO on 31 December 2019.

On 17 March, Brazil's first coronavirus-related death was confirmed. At this time, there were 291 confirmed cases in the country. Three days later, State health departments reported almost a thousand confirmed cases across 23 of 26 states and also in the Federal District.

A month after the first confirmed case on February 26, the Ministry of Health reported that Brazil had 2,915 confirmed cases and 77 deaths. On 30 April, Brazil overtook China in number of confirmed cases, passing 87,000.

The pandemic has caused a large difference of responses from federal, state and local governments. On 27 March Brazil announced a temporary ban on foreign air travelers, and most state governors have added quarantines to prevent the spread of the virus. 

Despite the global impact of the virus and guidelines from the World Health Organization, President Jair Bolsonaro says that the risk caused by coronavirus has been exaggerated. State governors have disagreed, causing lockdowns measures in their own states.

On 13 March, President Jair Bolsonaro tested negative for COVID-19. The same day, the Ministry of Health issued a warning recommending Brazilians and foreigners arriving in Brazil to stay in isolation for at least 7 days.

2020 Pacific typhoon season

The 2020 Pacific typhoon season was an event in which typhoons formed in the Pacific Ocean. The season lasts all year, although most tropical cyclones form between May and October. The season's first tropical cyclone formed on May 10, making it the sixth-latest start in the basin on record.

Typhoon Vongfong (Ambo), the season’s first storm, became a Category 3 typhoon and struck the Philippines, causing extensive damages during the COVID-19 pandemic.

The first few months of 2020 were extremely quiet, with no tropical systems developing between the months of January and April. On May 10, the season saw its first tropical system with the development of Ambo, making it the sixth-latest starting season on record, as well as the latest since 2016. Two days later, the system strengthened to the first officially named tropical storm of the season, Vongfong. Vongfong then hit the Philippines at peak intensity, and weakened soon after landfall.

After Vongfong, a month of inactivity ensued, and on June 10, a new tropical depression formed off the coast of Samar, and was named Butchoy by the PAGASA a day later. Butchoy made landfall in the Philippines as the JTWC issued a tropical cyclone formation alert for it. It then got upgraded to a tropical storm, and impacted Hong Kong, Macau and parts of China upon landfall.
A low-pressure area near Micronesia slowly organized over the course of a few hours, and developed into a tropical depression soon after. It became the first tropical cyclone to form in the Western Pacific in 2020, and PAGASA named it "Ambo". Favourable sea temperatures, low wind shear and excellent vertical outflow made the system intensify into a tropical storm, then the JMA named it "Vongfong".

Less than a day later, when convection started to rapidly organize around the storm's center, and a well-defined rain band at the northwest side of the storm, JTWC upgraded it to a typhoon. Vongfong made landfall on Samar Island at around 12 PM Philippines Time. It began to weaken because of many landfalls over the Philippines, and emerged into the South China Sea on May 17. It turned north and dissipated due to high wind shear the next day, just south of Taiwan.

On June 10, the JMA began monitoring on a weak tropical depression that had developed to the east of the Philippine island of Samar in Visayas. During the next day, the PAGASA began tracking the system, giving the local name Butchoy. The storm then made its first landfall in Polillo Island in Quezon at 5:30 pm PHT, and making its second landfall in Infanta, Quezon shortly thereafter. Soon after, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert for the storm. Afterwards, the JTWC officially upgraded Butchoy to a tropical depression, and designated it as 02W. With a favorable environment with low vertical wind shear, moderate equatorial outflow and 30–31 °C sea surface temperatures, Butchoy started to intensify in the South China Sea, becoming a tropical storm and receiving the name Nuri from the JMA later on the same day. Then, PAGASA issued their final warning on Nuri as it exited the Philippine Area of Responsibility. By the next day, Nuri intensified further and subsequently peaked in intensity, with the JMA analyzing the storm's peak winds of 75 kilometres per hour (47 mph). Six hours later, the JTWC upgraded Nuri to a tropical storm. However, later in the same day, the JTWC downgraded Nuri into a tropical depression, citing that the storm has drifted into high vertical wind shear. The JMA followed suit, downgrading Nuri into a depression. The JTWC issued their final warning on Nuri as the storm subsequently made landfall in Yanjiang, China. The JMA followed suit six hours later, issuing their final warning on the system.

The PAGASA issued Tropical Cyclone Signal No. 1 for western Mindanao, southern Luzon, and Visayas on June 11 as Butchoy neared the Philippines. The combination of the system and prevailing southwesterly winds brought showers and thunderstorms across the Philippines. Heavy rainfall in Albay led to the activation of disaster risk management officials and other emergency assets. The rains from the tropical depression prompted PAGASA to declare the start of the rainy season in the Philippines on June 12, 2020, which was also during the country's Independence Day. In Hong Kong, Nuri brought heavy rain. One person also drowned due to rough waters.

A tropical depression tracked by PAGASA and Japan Meteorological Agency

COVID-19 pandemic in Portugal

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Portugal in March 2020 by the Directorate-General of Health (DGS).

The first recorded cases of COVID-19 in Portugal were reported on 2 March. A week later, the Portuguese government declared the highest level of alert because of COVID-19 and said it would be maintained until 9 April. 

On 18 March, the President of the Republic, Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, declared State of Emergency for the following fifteen days, with the possibility of it being extended. It was the first act of emergency since the Carnation Revolution in 1974. The act was extended on 2 April.

COVID-19 pandemic in South Africa

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed by Minister of Health Zweli Mkhize to have spread to South Africa on 5 March 2020. The first known case was a South African returning from Italy.

On 15 March, the President of South Africa, Cyril Ramaphosa, declared a national state of disaster, and announced measures like travel restrictions and the closure of schools from 18 March. 

On 17 March, Ramaphosa formed the National Command Council on COVID-19, "to lead the nation's plan to contain the spread and mitigate the negative impact of the coronavirus". 

The parliament of South Africa suspended all activities on 18 March. Both the African National Congress and Democratic Alliance postponed their respective elective congresses.

On 23 March, a national lockdown was announced, starting on 26 March 2020. On 9 April, Ramaphosa announced that it would be extended until the end of April.

On 21 April, a 500 billion rand stimulus was announced in response to the pandemic. 

On 23 April, Ramaphosa announced that the lockdown restrictions would slowly be phased out. Level 4 started on 1 May. On 1 June, the country entered level 3.

Minister of Co-operative Governance and Traditional Affairs, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, extended the state of disaster on 3 June. It ended on 4 July.

The National Institute for Communicable Diseases (NICD) started testing people in South Africa for SARS-CoV-2 on 28 January 2020.

By the middle of March, state hospitals were offering free COVID-19 testing.

On 11 June, the Health Department said that over 1 million tests had been completed.

, the median age of people with laboratory-confirmed cases was 38 years, and the median age of patients who died was 64.

, there were confirmed cases and confirmed deaths, as well as recoveries.

, there were confirmed cases and confirmed deaths, as well as recoveries.

Stay-at-home order

A stay-at-home order (North America) or a movement control order (Southeast Asia) is an order from a government to lower/end movements of a population as a mass quarantine move for stopping an epidemic, or pandemic. This is done by ordering residents to stay home except for essential tasks or to work in essential businesses.

In many cases, outdoor activities are allowed. Nonessential businesses are either closed or made to working from home.

In some regions, it has added a curfew or called a shelter-in-place order, but it is not to be confused with a shelter in place situation.

Similar measures have been used around the world, but the term lockdown is used instead.


COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines

The ongoing pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (), a new infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (), spread to the Philippines on January 30, 2020. The first case of the disease was confirmed in Metro Manila. 

The first case was a 38-year-old Chinese woman who was quarantined at a hospital in Manila. The second case was confirmed on February 2, that of a 44-year-old Chinese man who died a day earlier, which was also the first confirmed death from the disease outside mainland China. 

The first case of someone without travel history abroad was confirmed on March 5, a 62-year-old male who was a Muslim prayer hall in San Juan, Metro Manila. The man's wife was confirmed to have contracted COVID-19 on March 7, which was also the first local transmission to be confirmed.

As of September 13, 2020, there had been 261,216 confirmed cases of the disease in the country. Out of these cases, 207,568 recoveries and 4,371 deaths were recorded. 

The Philippines has the most number of cases in Southeast Asia, ahead of Indonesia and Singapore. 

The largest single-day increase in the number of confirmed cases was on August 10, when 6,958 new cases were announced.

At least one case was confirmed in all of the country's 17 regions.

Royal Flash (movie)

Royal Flash is a 1975 British adventure comedy movie directed by Richard Lester and is based on the 1970 novel of the same name by George MacDonald Fraser. It stars Malcolm McDowell, Alan Bates, Oliver Reed, Florinda Bolkan, Joss Ackland, Alastair Sim, Britt Ekland, Bob Hoskins, Bob Peck, Frank Grimes, Christopher Cazenove and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

COVID-19 pandemic in New Zealand

The first case of COVID-19 in New Zealand during the 2019–20 COVID-19 pandemic was reported on 28 February 2020. , the country has had a total of 3,464 cases, of which 551 are currently active, and 26 people have died from the virus. 

All borders and entry ports of New Zealand were closed to all non-residents at 11:59 pm on 19 March 2020, with returning citizens and residents being required to self-isolate. Since 10 April, all New Zealanders returning from overseas must go into two weeks of quarantine.

A four-level alert level system was added on 21 March to manage the outbreak within New Zealand. At higher alert levels, these levels enforce higher restrictions on what services can operate and how the available services will operate.

On 16 March, Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern called for an end to public gatherings of more than 500 people and warned that the outbreak could lead to a recession greater than the 2008 global financial crisis.

On 4 March, a New Zealand woman in her 30s who had returned from northern Italy on 25 February was confirmed as the second case of the virus in New Zealand.

On 1 April, 61 new cases (47 confirmed and 14 probable) were reported, bringing the total to 708 (647 confirmed and 61 probable). That same day, it was reported that the Chatham Islands, which are part of New Zealand, were facing a food shortage due to panic buying.

On 1 May, 3 new cases (all confirmed) were reported, bringing the total to 1,479 (1,132 confirmed and 347 probable), and 11 new recoveries were reported, bringing the total 1,252. Six people were in hospital.

COVID-19 pandemic in Japan

The COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed to have spread to Japan in January 2020. Cases have been recorded in each of the 47 prefectures except for Iwate. The country has seen over 10,000 confirmed cases.

The Japanese government confirmed its first outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019 () in the country on 16 January 2020 in a resident of Kanagawa Prefecture who had returned from Wuhan, China. A second outbreak was caused by travelers and returnees from Europe and the United States between 11 March and 23 March. 

According to the , the majority of viruses spreading in Japan derive from the European type while those of the Wuhan type have been disappearing since March.

The Japanese government has created many measures to stop and slow down the outbreak. On 30 January, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe created a to take charge of the government's response to the pandemic. 

On 27 February, Abe closed down all Japanese elementary, junior high, and high schools until early April. 

On 7 April, Abe announced a one-month state of emergency for Tokyo and the prefectures of Kanagawa, Saitama, Chiba, Osaka, Hyogo, and Fukuoka. On 16 April, the declaration was extended to the rest of the country.

As the pandemic became a concern for the 2020 Summer Olympics, the Japanese government and the International Olympic Committee worked together for its postponement until 2021. 

Medical experts and the media have criticized the Japanese government for under-testing for COVID-19. Medical experts said that the government have instead relied on the country's pneumonia surveillance to identify and treat severely-affected patients.

COVID-19 pandemic in South Korea

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic spread to South Korea on 20 January 2020, when the first case was announced.

The number of confirmed cases increased on 19 February by 20, and on 20 February by 58 or 70, giving a total of 346 confirmed cases on 21 February 2020.

With the fears of further contamination, mass gatherings in the affected cities were cancelled and a few hundred soldiers in Daegu are in isolation. On 4 February 2020, in order to help prevent the spread of COVID-19, South Korea began denying entry to foreigners traveling from Hubei Province.

By 23 September 2020, South Korea had about 23,216 cases and 388 deaths, and by 9 April 2020, with over 494,711 people having been tested.

South Korea created what was thought to be one of the largest and best-organised epidemic control programs in the world, along with Taiwan, Vietnam, and Singapore.

Different actions have been taken to screen the mass population for the virus, and isolate any infected people as well as trace and quarantine those who contacted them, without further lockdown.

The rapid tests taken by South Korea have been successful in limiting the spread of the outbreak, without added a mass quarantine action.


COVID-19 pandemic in Norway

The COVID-19 pandemic began in Norway on 26 February 2020, with cases increasing during the month of March. Physical distancing actions were introduced on 12 March. 

The first death caused by COVID-19 was documented on 26 February 2020. Most confirmed cases that were traced to outside Norway were Norwegian tourists returning from Austria and Italy.

 Norway had performed 208,874 tests and reported 8,168 confirmed cases and 229 deaths.
One of the major reasons why the mortality rate was lower than in other European countries (such as Italy, Spain, the UK) was the high number of tests performed in Norway.

If I Had a Million

If I Had a Million is a 1932 American comedy drama movie directed by seven directors Ernst Lubitsch, Norman Taurog, Stephen Roberts, Norman Z. McLeod, James Cruze, William A. Seiter, H. Bruce Humberstone and starring Gary Cooper, Charles Laughton, George Raft, May Robson, Charles Ruggles, Gene Raymond. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


COVID-19 pandemic in Vietnam

The COVID-19 pandemic spread to Vietnam on 23 January 2020, when its first known case of COVID-19 was reported.

On 23 January, Vietnam confirmed the first two cases of COVID-19, a Chinese man (#1) travelling from Wuhan to Hanoi to visit his son who lived in Vietnam, and his son (#2), who was believed to have contracted the disease from his father. They were hospitalized in Ho Chi Minh City. On 29 January, the son fully recovered and was discharged. His father was discharged on 12 February.

From 17 to 23 April, no new cases were confirmed. However, there were reports of cases who tested positive again after being discharged. On 24 April, two more cases were confirmed: both were Vietnamese students who came back from Japan and quarantined on arrival.

Vietnam has been seen by the global media as having one of the best-organised epidemic control programs in the world, along with Taiwan and South Korea.

Despite not having the latest technology, the country's response to the outbreak has received praise for its quick response.

COVID-19 pandemic in Denmark

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed to have spread to Denmark on 27 February 2020. As of 13 May 2020, there have been 10,667 confirmed cases. Among these, 533 patients have died, 8,663 have recovered, and 164 are in hospital, including 37 in intensive care.

Denmark was among the first European countries to introduce lockdown measures, starting on 13 March. Following a period of increase in hospitalizations, the number of people in hospital with COVID-19 has been falling since late March, with the number of cases in need of intensive care and ventilator being well below available resources. Starting on 15 April, a very slow and gradual reopening has been initiated, but if there are indications that the number of infections increases too fast, it will be reversed.

The pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Greenland in March 2020. There have been 11 confirmed cases, but none in need of hospitalization. The last infected person had recovered on 8 April and there are no known active cases in Greenland.

In an attempt to reduce the economic impact of the pandemic, the government created a large economic packages with the support of all parties in Parliament. Nevertheless, it was expected that the decrease in GDP would be between 3 and 10% in 2020.

COVID-19 pandemic in Singapore

The first case relating to the COVID-19 pandemic in Singapore was confirmed on 23 January 2020.

By late-March and April, COVID-19 areas were detected at multiple areas for foreign workers, which soon caused a large number of new cases in the country. Singapore currently has the highest number of confirmed COVID-19 cases in Southeast Asia, having overtaken Indonesia on 19 April 2020.

To fight against COVID-19, a multi-ministerial committee was formed on 22 January 2020 with Minister for National Development Lawrence Wong and Minister for Health Gan Kim Yong as the co-chairs and Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Finance Heng Swee Keat as advisors. 

Singapore also spent US$500,000 to support World Health Organization (WHO) efforts against COVID-19. 

In response to the growing number of new cases, Singapore announced on 3 April 2020 a strict number of measures called a "circuit breaker" from 7 April to 4 May 2020. The circuit breaker was extended to 1 June on 21 April 2020.

National authorities began reporting on suspected cases on 4 January 2020, however the first confirmed case of infection was reported on 23 January. The person was a tourist from Wuhan. Until 30 January 2020, there were a total to 13 confirmed cases, all of whom were visitors to Singapore from China. 

The first case involving a Singaporean was confirmed on 31 January 2020 after returning from Wuhan. 

COVID-19 pandemic in Iceland

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Iceland in February 2020. 

, the total number of cases registered is 1,802, of which 1,780 have recovered and 10 have died. With a total population of 366,130 (as of 31 March 2020). The infection rate was 1 case per 203 people, one of the highest in the world. This is because more tests had been carried out in Iceland than any other country.

On 8 April, as the cases surged over 1,600 and more recoveries than new infections were recorded for the second day in a row. The total number of patients hospitalized in the country since the outbreak was 112.

COVID-19 pandemic in Serbia

The COVID-19 pandemic in Serbia is a current outbreak of Coronavirus disease 2019 in Serbia caused by SARS-CoV-2. 

Its first case in Serbia was reported on 6 March 2020. The case was a 43-year-old man from Bačka Topola who had travelled to Budapest.

As of 12 May 2020, 151,304 individuals were tested of which there have been 10,243 confirmed cases, 3,600 recoveries and 220 deaths in Serbia.

On 15 March 15, a state of emergency was declared. Many argue the declaration was against the constitution, because there was no debate among the MPs in the Serbian Parliament. All schools, Kindergarten and universities were closed.

The following day, a curfew from (20:00h) to (05:00) was created across the whole country. In addition, people of the age of 65 and above have been forbidden to leave the house.

On 20 March, cafe bars, shopping malls, public transportation were all closed. Food delivery, however, was allowed.

Bolliger &amp; Mabillard

Bolliger & Mabillard, commonly known as B&M, is a roller coaster company based in Monthey, Switzerland. After installing its first coaster in 1990, they have now installed more than 100 rollercoasters across the globe. Bolliger & Mabillard left Giovanola, but the company continued to use their track design; the company's roller coasters "Goliath" (at Six Flags Magic Mountain) and "Titan" (at Six Flags Over Texas), use a track style very similar to B&M's.

COVID-19 pandemic in Jamaica

The COVID-19 pandemic in Jamaica is part of an ongoing global pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), an infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed in Jamaica in 10 March 2020. It happened at the same time as the ongoing dengue fever epidemic in Latin America and the Caribbean.

On 12 January, the World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed that a new coronavirus was the cause of a respiratory illness on 31 December 2019. 

Unlike SARS outbreak of 2003, the case fatality ratio for COVID-19 has been much lower, but the transmission has been greater, with a significant total death toll.

The government announced a travel ban between China and Jamaica. All people entering Jamaica from China were quarantined for at least 14 days, and anyone who was allowed to land and showed symptoms of the virus was put in immediate isolation. 

On 12 March, Prime Minister Andrew Holness ordered all primary and secondary schools closed for 14 days.

COVID-19 pandemic in Greece

The COVID-19 pandemic first appeared in Greece on 26 February 2020. , there have been 2,760 confirmed cases and 155 deaths.

The first COVID-19 case, a 38-year-old woman from Thessaloniki who had recently visited Νorthern Italy, was confirmed. Later cases in late February and early March related to people who had traveled to Italy, Israel and Egypt. The first death from COVID-19 in Greece was a 66-year-old man, who died on 12 March.


Following the first three cases in Greece, on 27 February all carnival events in the country were cancelled. Later, the closure of schools and the suspension of cultural events in the affected areas (particularly Ilia, Achaea and Zakynthos) were announced. 

On 10 March, with 89 confirmed cases and no deaths in the country, the government decided to close down all schools for good and on 13 March, to close down all cafes, bars, museums, shopping centres, sports facilities and restaurants in the country. 

On 16 March, all retail shops were also closed, two villages in Kozani were quarantined, and all services in all churches were suspended. On 18 and 19 March, the government announced a series of measures of more than 10 billion euros to support the economy, businesses and employees.

On 4 April these restrictions were extended until 27 April and on 23 April they were extended until 4 May.

The measures put in place in Greece were among the most strictest in Europe and were praised internationally for having slowed the spread of the disease and having kept the number of deaths among the lowest in Europe.

Starting from 4 May, Greece began easing restrictions after a 42-day lockdown, with the gradual lifting of restrictions on movement and the restarting of business activity.

COVID-19 pandemic in Thailand

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Thailand on 13 January 2020, when the first case outside China was announced.

The first reported local transmission was confirmed on 31 January. The number of cases remained low throughout February, with forty confirmed by the end of the month. Cases had a sharp increase in mid-March. Confirmed cases rose to over a hundred per day over the following week, and public areas and businesses were ordered to close in Bangkok and several other provinces. 

Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha declared a state of emergency, beginning on 26 March. A curfew has been announced, beginning on 3 April 2020.

The Thai government's response to the outbreak was based on surveillance and tracing. Temperature and symptom screening for coronavirus testing was added at international airports, as well as at hospitals for patients with travel or contact history. 

Ads were introduced focused on self-monitoring for at-risk groups, practicing hygiene (especially hand washing), and avoiding crowds (or wearing masks if not possible).

While residents returning from high-risk countries were encouraged to self-quarantine, travel restrictions were not announced until 5 March, when four countries were designated as "disease-infected zones".

The government was criticized for its slow response to the crisis. In early February, in response to concerns over hoarding and price increase of face masks, the government issued price controls. The move failed to prevent shortages among hospitals, and became a scandal. Criticism was also for the slow response to end foreign travel.

On 12 January, the World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed that a novel coronavirus was the cause of a respiratory illness in a cluster of people in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China, who had initially come to the attention of the WHO on 31 December 2019.

Unlike SARS of 2003, the case fatality ratio for COVID-19 has been much lower, but the transmission has been significantly greater, with a significant total death toll.

COVID-19 pandemic in Finland

The first case of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in Finland was confirmed on 29 January 2020, when a Chinese tourist visiting Ivalo from Wuhan tested positive for the virus.

On 31 December 2019, the Health Commission of Wuhan, Hubei, China, informed the WHO about a large number of acute pneumonia cases with unknown origin in its province. On 9 January 2020, the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CCDC) reported the identification of the SARS-CoV-2 as the cause. 

On 27 January, following the developments of COVID-19 outbreak in mainland China, Finland's Ministry for Foreign Affairs advised citizens to avoid unnecessary travel to Hubei province. The following day, Finnair announced it would be ending its five weekly routes to Nanjing and Beijing Daxing until the end of March.

On 30 January, Finland's health officials said that up to 24 Finnish people may have the virus.

On 16 March, the president declared a state of emergency due to COVID-19. 272 laboratory-confirmed cases caused by COVID-19 had been diagnosed in Finland by 16 March 2020 at 2 pm. 

COVID-19 pandemic in the Republic of Ireland

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic reached Ireland on 29 February 2020, and within three weeks had spread to all counties. 

On 12 March 2020, the government shut all schools, colleges, childcare facilities and cultural institutions. St Patrick's Day festivals and events were cancelled. Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar addressed the nation that night. On 24 March, almost all businesses, venues, facilities and amenities were shut; but gatherings of up to four were allowed. 

Three days later, the government banned all "non-essential" travel. People were made to keep apart in public.

The lockdown has caused a recession and a rise in unemployment, with a longer lockdown forecast to cause greater damage. 

By mid-April 2020, the National Public Health Emergency Team (NPHET) reported that the growth rate of the pandemic had been "as low as it needs to be", that the curve had flattened and that there would be no peak coming.

By 25 June 2021, the Department of Health had confirmed 270,477 cases and 4,989 deaths; a rate of 54,184 cases per million and 999 deaths per million population.
More than 90% of those that have died were aged over 65, and most also had underlying illnesses or lived in care homes.

Flatten the curve

Flattening the curve is a public health strategy to slow down the spread of the COVID-19 virus during the COVID-19 pandemic. The curve being flattened is the epidemic curve, a representation of the number of infected people needing health care over time. 

During an epidemic, a health care system can break down when the number of people infected passes the health care system's ability to take care of them. 

Flattening the curve means slowing the spread of the epidemic so that the peak number of people requiring care at a time is reduced, and the health care system does not pass its capacity. 

Flattening the curve relies on techniques such as quarantine, stay at home orders, and social distancing.

COVID-19 pandemic in Uruguay

The first cases of the COVID-19 pandemic in Uruguay were reported on 13 March by the Ministry of Public Health. 

As of March 2020 there is an ongoing outbreak in Uruguay, with the first few cases imported from Italy and Spain.

The majority of early cases were caused by a wedding with 500 people in Montevideo. It was attended by a Uruguayan returning from Spain who later tested positive. 

On 14 March, it was announced that the two patients who took the bus ride on 8 March caused some 200 contacts, who were seen as suspected cases with home quarantine recommended.

On 16 March, the government issued an order to close all border crossings except Carrasco International Airport. The border with Argentina was closed effective 17 March at midnight.

President Luis Lacalle Pou said that the idea of closing the border with Brazil was "a little more complex", because it is a dry land border, and many people living near the border. Lacalle Pou advised people over 65 to stay at home.

Flights from the United States were suspended effective 18 March, and from Europe effective 20 March at midnight (00:00), at which point the airport was to close.

The government recommended working from home and not traveling. To free up hospital beds, surgeries were rescheduled.

Temperature checks were introduced in prisons and activities for prisoners restricted.

COVID-19 pandemic in Paraguay

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Paraguay on 7 March 2020 in a 32 year-old man from Guayaquil, Ecuador, living in San Lorenzo, Central department. 

On 10 March 2020, the Paraguayan government suspended classes and all activities that involve groups of people, as well as public and private events, for 15 days. Other measures include partial closure of borders, restricting entry of foreigners, and curfews.

On 20 March 2020, the first death and the first case of community transmission were confirmed. The government declared a total quarantine until 3 May, with free movement restricted completely. Public movement was restricted to buying food, medicine and other essential items.

On 4 May, the country began to “smart quarantine”, which is the slow return to work and social activities with social distancing and hygiene measures.

COVID-19 pandemic in Peru

The COVID-19 pandemic was reported to have spread to Peru on 6 March 2020 when a 25-year-old man who had travelled to Spain, France and the Czech Republic tested positive. 

On 15 March 2020, President Martín Vizcarra announced a country-wide lockdown, closing borders, slowing down domestic travel, and ending nonessential business, except health facilities, food vendors, pharmacies, and financial institutions. 

Peru, with a total population of 32 million, had a total of 500 intensive care unit (ICU) beds available as of April 2020, and was working on expanding its nation-wide ventilator system from 40 to 540 machines within the coming months. 

The engineering and production was supplied by the Peruvian military.

COVID-19 pandemic in the Czech Republic

The COVID-19 pandemic saw its first three confirmed cases in the Czech Republic on 1 March 2020. 

On 12 March, the government declared a state of emergency, for the first time in the country's modern history for the area of the entire country. On 16 March, the country closed its borders and issued a nationwide curfew. 

While originally planned until 24 March, the measures were later extended until 1 April and then again until the end of State of Emergency which was extended by the Chamber of Deputies until 30 April 2020 and then again until 17 May 2020.

A general closure of services and retail sale was in place from 14 March until 11 May, however all shops could conduct distance sales with delivery from 24 March onwards. Government didn't order closure of manufacturing plants, but many did so voluntarily during second half of March with gradual reopening from 14 April. 

Czech Republic was first European country to make wearing of facemasks mandatory from 19 March onwards. 

COVID-19 testing was made widely available with drive through locations from 14 March, and from 27 March anyone with a fever, dry cough or shortness of breath being eligible for a free test. 

From 13 April onwards, COVID-19 testing passed its demand. 

Contact tracing in the country included also voluntary disclosure of mobile phone position and debit card payments data for previous days and quaranting of identified contacts. 

By 1 May 2020, altogether 257 COVID-19 related deaths were identified in the Czech Republic compared to 2,719 in similarly populous Sweden, which did not impose any lockdown.

Czech Republic started gradual easing of measures from 7 April 2020 onwards with most restrictions being lifted by 11 May 2020.

COVID-19 pandemic in Hungary

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic spread to Hungary on 4 March 2020, when the first cases in the country were announced. 

The first coronavirus-related death was announced on 15 March on the government's official website.

On 18 March, the government announced that the virus had spread to every part of the country.

At the beginning of the pandemic, Hungarians living in China who wanted to move back to Europe were transported home through France. The affected seven persons were under quarantine for two weeks. As they remained healthy during the next two weeks, they were released on 16 February.

The Government of Hungary launched its official webpage and official Facebook page about the new coronavirus, both on 4 March 2020.

On 11 March, the Hungarian government declared a state of emergency.

COVID-19 pandemic in El Salvador

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached El Salvador on 18 March 2020.

As of 13 May 2020, El Salvador reported 1,112 cases, 20 deaths and 405 recoveries.

On 31 March 2020, the first COVID-19 death in El Salvador was confirmed.

President Nayib Bukele banned public gathering of more than 500 people and shut down educational institutions on 17 March.

El Salvador had arrested more people for violating the quarantine than it had diagnosed cases of COVID-19, a total of 2,424 people had been arrested for violating quarantine orders, and 48,913 people had been tested for the virus.

COVID-19 pandemic in Afghanistan

The Chinese pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Afghanistan in Herat, was confirmed on 24 February 2020.

As of 14 May 2020, there have been 5,639 positive cases, with 691 recoveries and 136 deaths across all 34 provinces in the country. Kabul Province has the highest number of COVID-19 cases in Afghanistan at 1556, followed by Herat with 935 cases, and then Kandahar with 613 cases.

In March 2020, at least 150,000 Afghans returned from Iran, due to the outbreak across the country, at the Islam Qala border in Herat Province. 

As many as over 1000 people a day crossed the border during the month. Between March and April 2020, the number of cases increased in Herat Province to over 200 cases. 

At the Chaman and Torkham borders, over 60,000 Afghans returned from Pakistan in three days.

On 14 March, President Ashraf Ghani, told the public to avoid large public gatherings and to pay attention to hygiene to prevent the spread of the disease.

On 18 March, the Ministry of Interior Affairs banned all large gatherings, including the closure of venues that attract large crowds such as entertainment places, sports grounds, swimming pools, fitness clubs and wedding halls.

Arthur Holmes

Arthur Holmes (18901965) was an English geologist. He made two important contributions: the use of radioactive isotopes for dating minerals, and the suggestion that convection currents in the mantle play an important role in continental drift. 

Holmes showed us that thermal convection currents were strong enough to move large land masses, which contributed to Alfred Wegener's theory of continental drift or theory of Plate tectonics. Harry H. Hess (19061969) also supported this view.

Holmes was a pioneer of geochronology, and performed the first accurate uranium-lead radiometric dating while an undergraduate in London. This gave a date of of 370 mya to a Devonian rock from Norway. This result was published in 1911, after his graduation in 1910.

Holmes worked on the problem of the age of the Earth all his life. He reached an approximately correct estimate by the 1940s of 4,500±100 mya.

COVID-19 pandemic in Pakistan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Pakistan on 26 February 2020.

The first case in Pakistan happened when a student in Karachi tested positive after returning from Iran. By 18 March, cases had been registered in all four provinces, the two autonomous territories, and the federal territory of Islamabad.

 there have been over 34,300 confirmed cases with 8,812 recoveries and 737 deaths in the country. Punjab has recorded the most cases at over 13,200, while Khyber Pakhtunkhwa has reported the most deaths in the country, a total of 245. 

The country was put under a nation-wide lockdown until 9 May, which was initiated on 1 April and later extended twice. On 7 May, Prime Minister Imran Khan announced to slowly end lockdown phase from 9 May 2020.

According to a report by the federal government, Pakistan could have expected 50,000 cases of the disease by 25 April. However, the number by then remained under 13,000, less than half of what was expected. 

Pakistan started vaccine trials in collaboration with Sinopharm, a Chinese pharmaceutical company in April 2020.

COVID-19 pandemic in Venezuela

As part of an ongoing worldwide pandemic, the first two patients with COVID-19 in Venezuela were confirmed on 13 March 2020; the first death was reported on 26 March. 

However, the first record of a patient claiming to have symptoms of coronavirus disease dates back to 29 February 2020, with government officials suspecting that the first person carrying the virus could have entered the country as early as 25 February.

Venezuela is particularly vulnerable to the pandemic because of its ongoing socioeconomic and political crisis causing massive shortages of food and basic necessities, including medical supplies. 

The mass emigration of Venezuelan doctors has also caused chronic staff shortages in hospitals.

To prevent the spread of the disease into Venezuela, the governments of Brazil and Colombia temporarily closed their borders with Venezuela.

Stay-at-home orders were announced on 15 March, when the country registered another seven cases, and introduced the next day across six states and the Caracas area. 

It was on the first day of the quarantine across six states, 16 March, that Argentina's ambassador in Venezuela, Eduardo Porretti, tested positive for the virus, and Nicolás Maduro announced that sixteen new cases were confirmed, bringing the total to 33. Maduro extended the quarantine to the entire country.

COVID-19 pandemic in Panama

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Panama on 9 March 2020. 

, Panama reported 2528 cases, 63 deaths and 16 recoveries. One of the dead was a 64-year-old male, who also suffered from diabetes and pneumonia. 

Of those infected, 83 were sent to a hospital. The infected individuals belong to the 29-59 age group and had each recently traveled abroad. 

A 13-year-old girl died of Covid-19 on 23 March.

The government declared a state of emergency on 13 March 2020. The move freed US$50 million for a period of 180 days to purchase goods and services to combat COVID-19.

COVID-19 pandemic in Bolivia

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Bolivia when its first two cases were confirmed on 10 March 2020. They were in the departments of Oruro and Santa Cruz.

On 12 March, Bolivia ended all public school sessions until 31 March, as well as all commercial flights to and from Europe for a long time. They also prohibited large-scale public gatherings of more than 1,000 people.

Following the announcement of the first confirmed case, incidents were reported among the local population, including panic buying of surgical masks and hand sanitizer and blocking access to hospitals.

On 19 March a patient under observation who was required to stay in isolation tried to escape but was caught when he tried to take a trip between departments.

COVID-19 pandemic in Iraq

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed to have spread to Iraq in February 2020. 

Cases have been confirmed in all 19 Iraqi Governorates as of the 27 March, with the Iraqi Kurdistan region having 309 (26%) of those cases as of 8 April. 

During the pandemic, Iraq reported its first confirmed cases of SARS-CoV-2 infections on 22 February 2020 in Najaf. By April, the number of confirmed cases had passed the hundred mark in Baghdad, Basra, Sulaymaniyah, Erbil and Najaf.

As of 7 April, 28,414 tests had been done in Iraq (including the Kurdistan Region), with 1202 of them turning out positive.

Iraq is thought to be especially vulnerable to the epidemic due to being weakened by the Iraq War and United Nations sanctions, by sectarian conflict and the rise of Islamic State over the past three decades.

COVID-19 pandemic in Saudi Arabia

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic spread to Saudi Arabia on March 2, 2020, when the Ministry of Health confirmed the first case in the kingdom. 

By April 8, as many as 150 members of the Saudi royal family had tested positive. The king's nephew, Faisal bin Bandar Al Saud, has been put in the intensive care unit over coronavirus problems. 

As of November 25, the country had 355,741 confirmed cases, the highest among the Arabian Gulf States with 344,311 recoveries and 5,811 deaths.

COVID-19 pandemic in Colombia

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Colombia on 6 March 2020.

On 6 March, the Ministry of Health and Social Protection confirmed Colombia's first case of coronavirus, a 19-year-old female patient who recently traveled to Milan, Italy.

On 12 March, four more cases were confirmed, two in Bogotá and two in Neiva. Authorities declared a health emergency, suspending all public events involving more than 500 people, as well as implementing measures intended to keep cruise ships from docking in any national port.

As of 17 March, Colombia is not allowing entry to those who are not Colombian citizens, permanent residents or diplomats.

COVID-19 pandemic in Argentina

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Argentina on 3 March 2020, with 6,866 people being infected.

On 7 March, the Ministry of Health confirmed the country's first death, a 64-year-old man who had traveled to Paris, France, who also had other health conditions. The case was only confirmed as positive after the patient's death. This also marked the first documented death from the virus in the country.

On 19 March, Argentina entered a nation-wide lockdown. The Argentine government announced the extension of the lockdown, originally expected to end on March 31, then mid April, and later until 26 April. 

On 25 April, President Alberto Fernández announced that the lockdown would be extended in major cities until 10 May. The lockdown was lifted up throughout all the country since 10 May, excepting the Greater Buenos Aires, as the lockdown was expected to continue in that urban area at least until 24 May.

COVID-19 pandemic in Cuba

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Cuba on 11 March 2020 when three Italian tourists tested positive for the virus.

On 11 March, the first three cases in Cuba were confirmed. The patients were Italian tourists. They were kept in isolation at the Pedro Kouri Tropical Medicine Institute in Havana.

The government told citizens to make their own face masks. People were told to carry several cloth face masks with them, depending on how many hours they plan to spend in public areas.

On 17 March, the number of confirmed cases increased to 7.

On 18 March, the number of confirmed cases increased to 10, and the first death was announced, a 61-year old Italian who had been one of the first three confirmed.

As of 30 March, the amount of confirmed coronavirus cases is at 170, with 4 deaths.

COVID-19 pandemic in Trinidad and Tobago

The COVID-19 pandemic in Trinidad and Tobago is part of the ongoing global viral pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which was confirmed to have reached Trinidad and Tobago on 12 March 2020.

On 12 March, Trinidad and Tobago recorded its first case of COVID-19. It was a 52-year-old man who had recently been to Switzerland. He was self-isolated before he began showing symptoms of COVID-19.

On 13 March, a second case of COVID-19 was recorded by Trinidad and Tobago. Two more cases were confirmed on the night of 15 March, bringing the total to 4 cases.

On 26 March, the second reported COVID-19 death was an eighty-year-old male with pre-existing medical conditions. He was among the rescued cruise ship passengers quarantined at Camp Balandra.

On 16 March, Prime Minister Keith Rowley announced that the country will close its borders to everyone except Trinidad and Tobago nationals and health workers for the next 14 days. Additionally, bars were to be closed and the school closures extended until 20 April.

V.Flash

The V.Flash (known as V.Smile Pro in Europe; stylized as V.FLASH HOME EDUTAINMENT SYSTEM) is a seventh-generation educational home video game console. It is a spinoff of the V.Smile series of video game consoles and was manufactured and released by VTech. Unlike the V.Smile, the game console uses 3D graphics and is designed for kids aged 5+.

It was revealed at the 2006 London Toy Fair, and came out in September 2006.

Not many games were made for the console because it was not very successful. All games came out in the United States, the United Kingdom, Spain, France and Germany, except for of Bratz Fashion Pixiez: The Secret Necklace, which did not come out in the United Kingdom and Germany, Multisports, which was exclusive to Germany, and Scooby-Doo!: Ancient Adventure, which did not come out in Germany.

There are 10 titles known to have been released;


Unlike most other consoles that use CD-ROMs, this system's CD-ROMs are inside a plastic case to protect them from damage from touching, similar to 3.5" floppy disks or UMDs. The discs use the ISO 9660 file system, without any copy protection other than a simple sensor in the case jacket, making it possible to make a disc image from the disc. However, there are no known cases of piracy involving the V.Flash. Because of this, the V.Flash can also play audio CDs and user-recorded CD-Rs using the disc adapter that comes with the console.

The console's CPU is an ARM9 CPU from LSI Logic. Files are stored in 3 main formats: .mjp, .ptx, and .snd. .snd files are actually PCM WAV files.

The console can render 1.5 million polygons per second and has a 32 bit CPU, making the console directly comparable to fifth-generation game consoles, such as the PlayStation.


COVID-19 pandemic in Chile

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Chile on March 2020. 

On 3 March, The Minister of Public Health confirmed the first case of the SARS-CoV-2 virus in Chile, thus making the country the fifth in Latin America to report such an instance after Brazil, Mexico, Ecuador and Argentina.

The next day, two more cases were confirmed.

On 13 March, President Sebastián Piñera announced a ban on public events with more than 500 people, as the government tries to control the spread of coronavirus. A week later, he announced a state emergency.

COVID-19 pandemic in Poland

In February and March 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic that started in late 2019, health authorities in Poland began laboratory testing of suspected cases of infection by SARS-CoV-2, one of the seven known human coronaviruses, as well as home quarantining and monitoring. 

The first case of a laboratory confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection in Poland was that of a man hospitalized in Zielona Góra, with confirmation announced officially on 4 March 2020. 

The local transmission phase of SARS-CoV-2 in Poland was declared to the World Health Organization on 10 March. 

The first death from coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in Poland was that of a 56-year-old woman on 12 March. 

Polish authorities did not take part in the 28 February 2020 European Union procedure for purchasing COVID-19 pandemic related medical equipment, in which 20 other member states participated. Poland applied on 6 March for the 17 March tender for the purchase of gloves, goggles, face shields, surgical masks and protective clothing.

, there were 16,921 laboratory confirmed SARS-CoV-2 cases, 839 deaths, and 6131 recoveries.

Lockdown-type control measures started on 10–12 March, closing schools and university classes and cancelling mass events, and were strengthened on 25 March. It limited non-family gatherings to two people and religious gatherings to six and did not allow any non-essential travel. 

Death counts initially only included deaths from lab-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection. Starting on 1 April 2020, deaths that were clinically diagnosed as COVID-19 were also considered as COVID-19 deaths. , people in Poland who died in quarantine from suspected COVID-19 were not tested for SARS-CoV-2 in their autopsy.

, there were 269,307 people under quarantine for suspected SARS-CoV-2 infection and 42,783 SARS-CoV-2 tests had been made since the beginning of testing. The lockdown restrictions were tightened starting on 31 March–1 April, making individuals walking in streets to be separated by two metres, closing parks, boulevards, beaches, hairdressers and beauty salons. 

COVID-19 pandemic in North Korea

Before May 2022, North Korea had not reported any cases of COVID-19. Foreign analysts believed that the virus had spread to the country. On 12 May 2022, the North Korean government declared a national emergency. It found an unspecified number of people who tested positive for COVID-19.

The North Korean government has taken extreme measures, including quarantines and travel restrictions.

North Korea was one of the first countries to close borders due to COVID-19. The government created widespread travel restrictions, including closing the border to foreign tourists in late January 2020 and then suspending flights and banning travel in and out of the country.

Though many parts of the border were closed, the bridge between Dandong and Sinuiju remained open and allowed supplies to be delivered. 

In late February, the North Korean government said that it would keep the border closed until a cure was found.

On 18 March 2020, Kim Jong-un ordered the construction of new hospitals in North Korea.

COVID-19 pandemic in Israel

The first case of the COVID-19 pandemic in Israel was confirmed on 21 February 2020, after a female citizen tested positive for coronavirus disease 2019 after return from quarantine on the "Diamond Princess" ship in Japan. 

As a result, a 14-day home isolation rule was created for anyone who had visited South Korea or Japan, and a ban was placed on non-residents and non-citizens who were in South Korea for 14 days before their arrival.

Beginning on 11 March, Israel began enforcing social distancing and other rules to limit the spread of infection. 

Gatherings were first restricted to no more than 100 people, but on 15 March this was lowered to 10 people. 

On 19 March, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declared a national state of emergency. Israelis were not allowed to leave their homes unless absolutely necessary.

As coronavirus diagnoses spiked in the city of Bnei Brak, reaching nearly 1,000 infected individuals at the beginning of April, the cabinet voted to declare the city a "restricted zone". On 12 April, Haredi neighborhoods in Jerusalem were placed under closure.

On 20 March, an 88-year-old Holocaust survivor in Jerusalem who suffered from previous illnesses was announced as the country's first death. 

Minister of Health Yaakov Litzman and his wife tested positive for the coronavirus on 2 April; Litzman was the first member of the cabinet to be infected.

Diamond Princess (ship)

Diamond Princess is a British-registered cruise ship owned and operated by Princess Cruises. She began operation in March 2004 and mainly cruises in Asia during the northern hemisphere summer and Australia during the southern hemisphere summer. 

"Diamond Princess" was built in Nagasaki, Japan, by Mitsubishi Industries.

There have been two known outbreaks of infectious disease on the ship – an outbreak of gastroenteritis caused by norovirus in 2016 and an outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus in 2020. At least 712 out of the 3,711 passengers and crew were infected, and fourteen have died.

COVID-19 pandemic in Honduras

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed to have spread to Honduras on 10 March 2020. 

The first case of COVID-19 was when two women tested positive for the disease after one of them landed on Toncontin International Airport in a flight from Madrid, Spain and the other on Ramón Villeda Morales Airport in a flight from Geneva, Switzerland.

, there are 1,685 confirmed cases in the country, 1211 in the Cortes Department, 259 in the Francisco Morazan Department, 56 in the Yoro Department, 47 in the Atlantida Department, and 42 in the Colon Department; 105 people have died and 154 have recovered from the virus and its complications.

Confirmed cases have been reported in 16 of the country's 18 departments.

Since then, the country closed all of its borders. They suspended classes at all levels of education nationwide, ordered a nationwide curfew, and price freezes for basic food items and certain medical supplies and equipment. This was done to stop prices from going up due to panic buying.

COVID-19 pandemic in Egypt

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Egypt by 14 February 2020. As of 1 May 2020, there have been 5,895 confirmed cases, 1,460 recoveries and 406 deaths.

All flights from China to Egypt were banned starting on 26 January. Egypt's health ministry announced the first case in the country at Cairo International Airport involving a Chinese national on 14 February. 

Egyptian authorities had talked to the World Health Organization (WHO) and the patient had been placed in quarantined isolation in hospital. 

On 8 March, a 60-year-old German citizen died in Hurghada, the first German fatality from the virus. The next day, the World Health Organization said that there were 56 confirmed cases in Egypt. On the same day, the Egyptian Minister of Tourism said that they discovered 3 additional cases with three people who work in a hotel.

In early April, cases surpassed 1000.

COVID-19 pandemic in Belgium

The COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed to have spread to Belgium on 4 February 2020.

The first case was when a Belgian national out of a group of nine Belgians came from Wuhan to Brussels was reported to have tested positive for the COVID-19 virus. 

The disease spreading within Belgium was then confirmed early March, and was linked to holidaymakers returning from Northern Italy at the end of the half-term holidays.

As of 14 May 2020, there had been 54,288 confirmed cases reported by the Belgian authorities, with a total of 8,924 deaths and 14,111 discharged patients. As of 14 May, 1,966 people in Belgian hospitals were suffering from COVID-19, including 407 in intensive care. The actual number of victims could have been higher due to limited testing.

COVID-19 pandemic in Syria

The COVID-19 pandemic was first recorded to have arrived in Syria on 14 March 2020. The first case was confirmed on 22 March. 

The first case of COVID-19 in Syria possibly came from Pakistan where 8 individuals with a travel history including Syria were confirmed to have the virus.

Syria is considered very weak to the epidemic due to the ongoing civil war and horrible humanitarian situation.

According to the Syrian Ministry of Health, there are 5 labs that are able to test for the coronavirus located in 4 governorates.

According to the Syrian Ministry of Health, There are 32 quarantine centers for suspected COVID-19 cases located in 13 governorates (All governorates Except Idlib).

According to the Syrian Ministry of Health, there are 13 Treatment centers dedicated for COVID-19 patients located in 11 governorates.

COVID-19 pandemic in Sweden

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Sweden on 31 January 2020.

The first case when a woman returning from Wuhan tested positive. On 26 February, following outbreaks in Italy and in Iran, multiple travel-related appeared in Sweden. The disease began to spread in the country was on 9 March in the Stockholm region. Since then, individuals in every län (county) have tested positive for COVID-19.

The first death was reported on 11 March in Stockholm, a case of community transmission.

Sweden has not created a lockdown, unlike many other countries, and kept large parts of its society open. 

The Public Health Agency issued recommendations to: if possible, work from home; avoid unnecessary travel within the country; to engage in social distancing; and for people above 70 to stay at home, as much as possible. 

Sweden began testing for the virus in January, and by early May, about 148,000 tests had been performed. , there were 27,909 confirmed cases, of which 1,768 received intensive care, and 3,460 deaths related to COVID-19 in Sweden.

COVID-19 pandemic in Vatican City

The Holy See reported the first case of infection in Vatican City during the COVID-19 pandemic at the end of March 2020.

Unlike other countries that report cases within a given territory or cases of residents or citizens of a territory, the Holy See reports on cases "in Vatican City State and among the employees of the Holy See" regardless of location of testing, treatment, or residence.

There are 12 confirmed cases of COVID-19 among the Vatican's residents and employees; there are no associated deaths. The 12 cases include 10 employees, 1 new hire, and 1 resident of Vatican City.

At the very end of February, Pope Francis became ill with symptoms of a cold, but he tested negative for COVID-19.

COVID-19 pandemic in Lebanon

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Lebanon in February 2020.

On 21 February 2020, Lebanon confirmed its first case of COVID-19: a 45-year-old woman traveling back from Qom, Iran tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 and was transferred to a hospital in Beirut.

On 26 February, a second woman, who returned from Iran on the same Mahan Air flight as the first patient, also tested positive.

On 27 February, a 77-year-old Iranian man, who arrived from Iran on 24 February, tested positive in Beirut.

On 28 February, a Syrian woman tested positive and was admitted to Rafik Hariri University Hospital in Beirut.

On 29 February, the total reached 7 confirmed cases.

On 10 March, the first coronavirus-related death is recorded.

COVID-19 pandemic in Libya

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Libya on 24 March 2020, when the first case was officially confirmed in Tripoli.

On 24 March, Libya confirmed its first COVID-19 case, a 73-year-old man who had returned to the country in early March from a trip to Saudi Arabia.

On 2 April, Libya confirmed its first COVID-19 death. It was an 85-year-old Algerian woman.

Libya was seen as weak during the pandemic due to the effects from the ongoing Libyan Civil War, which has led to a horrible humanitarian situation and a destroyed national healthcare system.

COVID-19 pandemic in Switzerland

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Switzerland on 25 February 2020 when the first case of COVID-19 was confirmed following a COVID-19 outbreak in Italy. 

The first case was a 70-year-old man in the Italian-speaking canton of Ticino which borders Italy, tested positive for SARS-CoV-2. The man had previously visited Milan. Afterwards, multiple cases related to the Italy areas were discovered in multiple cantons, including Basel-City, Zürich, and Graubünden. 

Multiple isolated cases not related to the Italy clusters were also confirmed.

On 28 February, the national government, the Federal Council, banned all events with more than 1,000 participants. On 16 March, schools and most shops were closed nationwide, and on 20 March, all gatherings of more than five people in public spaces were banned. The government also put restrictions on border crossings. They also announced economic support measures worth 40 billion Swiss francs.

COVID-19 pandemic in Ethiopia

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Ethiopia on 13 March 2020.

On 13 March, the first coronavirus case was reported in the country and the victim later was a Japanese citizen. The process of contact tracing is currently taking place.

On 28 March, the Ministry of Health reported that one patient has fully recovered from the virus.

On 30 March, the Prime Minister said in a statement that the total number of cases in the country has risen to 23.

Ethiopia will not be enforcing a travel ban, with Tadesse stating that the virus is in 134 countries, and enforcing a travel ban will not work.

COVID-19 pandemic in Zimbabwe

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Zimbabwe in March 2020. As of 4 August, there are 4,221 confirmed cases, 81 deaths, and 1,238 recoveries.

Some of Zimbabwe's provinces, especially Manicaland, Masvingo and Mashonaland East, also struggled with a malaria outbreak at the same time. Though malaria is treatable, the healthcare system faces drug shortages and increase strain with the spread of COVID-19.

On 21 March Zimbabwe reported its first COVID-19 case: a male resident of Victoria Falls who traveled back from the UK via South Africa on 15 March. 

Two more cases in the country were confirmed on 21 March, both cases were in Harare. On the 23 March, it was confirmed that noted Zimbabwean journalist Zororo Makamba was the first person in the country to die from the virus.

COVID-19 pandemic in the Netherlands

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to the Netherlands on 27 February 2020.

The first COVID-19 case was confirmed in Tilburg. It was a 56-year-old Dutchman who had arrived in the Netherlands from Italy. As of 14 May, there are 43,481 confirmed cases of infection and 5,590 confirmed COVID-19-deaths. The first death occurred on 6 March, when an 86-year-old patient died in Rotterdam.

Measures were taken by the Rutte III cabinet for the public health to prevent the spread of this virus disease, including the “intelligent lockdown”.

By mid-March, the country could test about 1,000 samples per day, which is less than other European countries. This explains the large number of deaths in COVID cases there.

COVID-19 pandemic in Qatar

The first case relating to the COVID-19 pandemic in Qatar was confirmed on 27 February 2020. As of May 14, Qatar has the 2nd highest number of confirmed cases in the Arab World at 26,539 and the highest number of confirmed cases. The total recoveries stand at 3,143, with 14 deaths.

On February 27, Qatar reported its first confirmed case of Coronavirus (COVID-19). The patient was a passenger who had come from Iran to Qatar in a Qatar Airways Flight.

Qatar state television named and shamed 14 nationals who violated restrictions set to curb the spread of the coronavirus, adding that nine of the persons had been arrested by authorities.

COVID-19 pandemic in Austria

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic spread to Austria on 25 February 2020, when a pair of cases were confirmed. 

The first cases involved a 24-year-old man and a 24-year-old woman who were travelling from Lombardy, Italy, and were treated at a hospital in Innsbruck.

On 12 March 2020, Austria confirmed the first death of COVID-19, a 69-year-old man from Vienna died in Vienna's Kaiser-Franz-Josef Hospital.

On 10 March 2020, the government announced that all universities would close their classes at the latest by 16 March. 

All outdoor events with more than 500 people and all indoor events with more than 100 people were cancelled. All children older than 14 years old were ordered to stay at home, starting 15 March, with the younger children starting 17 March. This applied until 4 April. 

Travel restrictions for people coming from Italy are created. The government asked the general public to avoid social contact and announced even further restrictions to be made soon.

COVID-19 pandemic in Yemen

The first confirmed case relating to the COVID-19 pandemic in Yemen was announced on 10 April 2020 in Hadhramaut. Organizations called the news a "devastating blow" and a "nightmare scenario" because of the country's lack of healthcare and human rights.

The first case was confirmed on 10 April, the patient was a 60-year-old man in the southern oil-producing region of Hadhramaut. 

On 29 April, Yemen recorded five new cases of coronavirus, including two deaths, all in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden.

COVID-19 pandemic in Sri Lanka

The COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed in Sri Lanka on 27 January 2020, after a 44-year-old Chinese woman from Hubei Province in China was admitted to the National Institute of Infection Diseases.

As of 13 May 2020, 889 confirmed cases were reported in the country with 9 deaths. On 3 March 2020, the first reported case involving a Sri Lankan origin outside Sri Lanka was reported in Italy. 

By 23 March, forty-five quarantine centers had been built in the country by the Sri Lanka Army. Nearly 3,500 people were under quarantine in 45 quarantine centers which also included 31 foreigners from 14 countries.

By 25 March 2020, Sri Lankan authorities tracked down over 14,000 people who had contacted the identified patients and had ordered self-quarantine for such people.

As of 16 April 2020, Sri Lanka was named as 16th high risk country prone to virus pandemic. Sri Lanka was ranked 9th best country in the world for its successful immediate response on tackling the virus.

COVID-19 pandemic in Bangladesh

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Bangladesh in March 2020. 

The first three known cases were reported on 7 March 2020 by the country's epidemiology institute IEDCR. Infections remained low until the end of March but saw a large rise in April.
In the week of 11 April, new cases in Bangladesh grew 1,155%, the highest in Asia, ahead of Indonesia with 186%.

, there were a total of 18,863 confirmed cases besides 3,361 recovered & 283 deaths in the country of which 14 people had died in the last 24 hours.

Experts criticised the lack of amount of tests performed in the country that has a population of over 160 million. 

Newspaper reports and social media continued to report about additional deaths of patients with COVID-19 symptoms. Some of the deceased were treated at COVID-19 isolation centres at hospitals in the districts and others were denied treatment, though no tests were given to confirm contagion. 

On 22 March, Bangladesh declared a 10-day shut down effective from 26 March to 4 April. This was later increased to 5 May

COVID-19 pandemic in Nepal

The first case of the COVID-19 pandemic in Nepal was confirmed on 24 January 2020 in Kathmandu District. 

The first patient in Nepal showed mild symptoms and was released a week earlier and told to self-quarantine at home. Between January and March, Nepal took steps to prevent a widespread outbreak of the disease. The second case was confirmed on 23 March 2020 in Kathmandu. The first case of local transmission was confirmed on 4 April in Kailali District. , a total of 246 cases have been confirmed, affecting 22 districts in six provinces. Thirty two of them have been confirmed recovered.

A country-wide lockdown came into effect from 24 March through 18 May.

Nepal created health-desks at the international airport as well as on border checkpoints with India, starting in mid-January. Land borders with India as well as China were later completely sealed off.

Nepal cancelled its international promotional activities related to Visit Nepal Year 2020. Its economy is expected to be severely affected by the pandemic due to its impact on foreign employment, tourism, manufacturing, construction and trade. 

There have been more cases among Nepalese abroad than at home, with 2,000 confirmed cases globally, and dozens of deaths.

COVID-19 pandemic in Indonesia

The COVID-19 pandemic was first confirmed to have spread to Indonesia on 2 March 2020, after a dance instructor and her mother tested positive for SARS-CoV-2.

The first cases included a dance instructor and her mother in Depok, West Java. Both were infected from a Japanese national. By 9 April, the pandemic had spread to all 34 provinces in the country after Gorontalo confirmed its first case, with Jakarta, West Java, and Central Java being the worst-hit.

COVID-19 pandemic in Algeria

The Chinese pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Algeria in February 2020.

On 25 February, Algeria laboratory-confirmed its first case of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), an Italian man who arrived on 17 February. Algeria deported him back to Italy, via a special flight from Hassi Messaoud Airport where he was quarantined.

On 2 March, Algeria confirmed two new cases of SARS-CoV-2, a woman and her daughter, the health ministry said.

On 12 March, five new cases of COVID-19, including the first death, aged 78 and placed in isolation at Blida hospital. Two cases having stayed in France, one in the Souk-Ahras province, the other in the Tizi-Ouzou province and three in that of Blida province. the total number of confirmed cases is 26 adding a woman in of Skikda having stayed in France was announced. On the same day, schools were locked due to the coronavirus spread.

As of 1 July, there are 14,272 confirmed cases, 920 deaths, and 10,040 recoveries.

COVID-19 pandemic in the Democratic Republic of the Congo

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached the Democratic Republic of the Congo on 10 March 2020. The first few confirmed cases were all outside arrivals.

Schools, bars, restaurants, and places of worship were closed. On 19 March, President Félix Tshisekedi announced flight suspensions. On 24 March, he announced a state of emergency and closed the borders.

Sylvestre Ilunga

Sylvestre Ilunga Ilunkamba (born 1947) is a Congolese politician. He was appointed as the Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in May 2019. He has had a long political career going back to the 1970s.

Ilunga has also been the secretary general of Congo's national railway company. He is an ally of former President Joseph Kabila.

He resigned in February 2021.

COVID-19 pandemic in the Republic of the Congo

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached the Republic of the Congo in March 2020.

The country's first case was announced on 14 March, a 50-year-old man who returned to the Republic of the Congo from Paris, France. Two more cases were detected on 19 March. As of 31 March, there were 19 cases in Republic of the Congo.

The country reported its first two deaths on 31 March.

COVID-19 pandemic in Haiti

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Haiti in March 2020. As of 12 May 2020, there are 209 total confirmed cases, 176 active cases, 1,311 suspected cases, with 16 deaths and 17 recoveries.

On 19 March, the first two COVID-19 cases in the country were confirmed.

On 5 April, the country confirmed its first death from COVID-19.

On 16 March, at midnight local time, Haiti's Prime Minister, Joseph Jouthe, announced a two-week suspension of flights from Europe, Canada, the Dominican Republic, and Latin America.

Joseph Jouthe

Joseph Jouthe (born October 17, 1961) is a Haitian politician. He became the twenty-second Prime Minister of Haiti on March 4, 2020.

Jouthe was born on October 17, 1961 in Thomonde.

In September 2018, he became the Minister of the Environment under the government of Jean-Henry Céant. In September 2019, he became the acting Minister of Economy and Finance.

On March 2, 2020, Jouthe was named Prime Minister of Haiti, beginning his term two days later.

COVID-19 pandemic in Turkey

The COVID-19 pandemic in Turkey is part of the ongoing worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 () caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (). 

The disease was confirmed to have reached Turkey on 11 March 2020, after a man who had returned to Turkey from Europe, tested positive. 

The first death due to COVID-19 in the country was on 15 March 2020 and by 1 April it was confirmed that COVID-19 had spread all over Turkey. On 14 April 2020, the head of the Turkish Ministry of Health Fahrettin Koca announced that the spread of the virus in Turkey has reached its peak in the fourth weak and started to slow down.

, the total number of confirmed total cases in the country is over 143,100 of which 101,700 have recovered and 4,000 have died. On 18 April 2020, the country's total number of Covid-19 tests were positive and passed those of Iran, making it the highest in the Middle East. 

Turkey also passed China in confirmed total cases on 20 April 2020. The rapid increase of the confirmed cases in Turkey was said because of the country's poor healthcare system.

Louise of Orléans

Princess Louise of Orléans ("Louise Marie Thérèse Charlotte Isabelle"; 3 Aprile 1812 - 11 October 1850) was the eldest daughter o King Louis Philippe I of the French and from August 1832 the second wife of Leopold I of Belgium, himself the first King of the Belgians. She was also the mother of the future Keeng Leopold II of Belgium, who is known to history for his exploitation of the Belgian Congo. Her future husband was an uncle of the future Queen Victoria and her husband, Prince Albert. Louise's mother was also a niece of Marie Antoinette.



COVID-19 pandemic in Malaysia

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Malaysia in January 2020, when it was detected on travelers from China arriving through Singapore on 25 January, following the outbreak of COVID-19 in Hubei, China. 

Reported cases remained low until small groups began to emerge in March; the largest group was linked to a Tablighi Jamaat religious gathering held in Sri Petaling, Kuala Lumpur in late February and early March, leading to massive spikes in local cases and an exportation of cases to neighbouring countries. 

Within a few weeks, Malaysia had recorded the largest number of confirmed COVID-19 infections in Southeast Asia, passing over the 2,000 mark in active cases by the end of March from fewer than 30 at the start of the month. 

By 16 March, the virus is reported in every state and federal territory in the country.

Measures to combat the outbreak were later announced by the Prime Minister of Malaysia Muhyiddin Yassin through a live nationwide telecast on 13 March 2020; by 16 March, a nationwide "Movement Control Order" (MCO) through social distancing, was announced to last between 18 and 31 March. 

As of 14 July 2021, the country reports a total of 867,567 confirmed cases, 101,359 active cases, 759,705 recoveries and 6,503 deaths.

COVID-19 pandemic in the United Arab Emirates

The first confirmed case relating to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Arab Emirates was never announced. It was the first country in the Middle East to not report a confirmed case. The first patient, a 73-year-old Chinese woman, was released on 9 February after recovering. 

The first two deaths were confirmed on 20 March. Two days later, Dubai started an 11-day quarantine campaign as an effort to contain the coronavirus. 

Night curfew was added 4 days later while the country began disinfection. School closure was first announced on March 8 for 4 weeks. 3 weeks later, it was announced that school would be closed until the end of the academic year.

COVID-19 pandemic in Angola

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Angola in late March 2020, with its first two cases confirmed on 21 March.

Beginning in 20 March, all Angolan borders were closed for 15 days. President João Lourenço banned all arrivals at airports and stopped passenger vessels docking at Angolan ports for 15 days. All these bans lasted until 4 April.

On 21 March, the Ministry of Health confirmed the first two positive COVID-19 cases. The two cases had returned from Portugal.

On 29 March, the first two coronavirus-related deaths were recorded, while the total number of confirmed cases rose to seven.

COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria

The first confirmed case relating to the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria was announced on February 27 2020, when an Italian citizen in Lagos tested positive for the virus SARS-CoV-2.

On March 9, 2020, a second case of the virus was reported in Ewekoro, Ogun State, in a Nigerian citizen who had contact with the Italian citizen.

On March 23, there were ten new cases: six in Lagos State, three in the FCT and one in Edo State. They also confirmed their first death, a 67-year-old Suleiman Achimugu.

Nigeria is Africa's largest economy, and it has a large oil industry. It was hit hard when oil prices fell below zero in spring 2020 because of the pandemic.

According to the World Data Lab, the coronavirus pandemic is bad for Africa's middle class. According to one economist from the Africa and the Middle East at Standard Chartered Bank, a middle-class person is someone who is not rich but does have a steady income. One of the industries that has helped Africa's middle class rise over the past 30 years is tourism, and many countries closed borders and encouraged people not to travel. Experts say this is especially bad because a strong middle class lifts the whole country.


COVID-19 pandemic in Benin

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Benin in March 2020.

On 16 March, the first COVID-19 case in the country was confirmed in Porto-Novo, the capital of Benin. 

Three days later, the second confirmed case was reported. The city suspended many international flights and people coming into the country by air were being kept under 14 days' mandatory isolation. People in Benin were told to wear masks and go outside home only if required.

COVID-19 pandemic in North Macedonia

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached North Macedonia in February 2020.

The first case in the country was mainly connected with the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy as there are about 70,000 residents of Italy from North Macedonia. This resulted in many people returning to North Macedonia, bringing the virus with them. It was confirmed in 26 February.

COVID-19 pandemic in Ukraine

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Ukraine when its first case was confirmed to be hospitalized in Chernivtsi Oblast on 3 March 2020. It was a man who had travelled from Italy to Romania by plane and then arrived in Ukraine by car.

As of 20 March, an emergency was declared in Kiev Oblast, Chernivtsi Oblast, Zhytomyr Oblast, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast and in the city of Kiev.

Statistics for the Russian-held Crimea and city of Sevastopol, and for the unrecognized Donetsk People's Republic and Luhansk People's Republic in eastern Ukraine are not reported by Ukraine.

Radhacharan Debbarma

Radhacharan Debbarma (born 10 January 1963) is an Indian Politician and former chief executive member of TTAADC. He is a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and present day he serving as Secretary of Ganamukti Parishad., Ganamukti Parishad is a tribal wing of the Communist party.

His term expired on 17 May 2020 and the election was postponed for the global COVID-19 pandemic, TTAADC is currently under Governor's rule.

He was born on 10 January 1963 in a middle-class family in Indian state Tripura. He also served as General Secretary of Tribal Students' Union. He had done his graduation from "Maharaja Bir Bikram College" and Master Degree in History from Calcutta University.

Debbarma showing interest in politics from his early life. He serving 2 terms as Executive Member of TTAADC from 1995-2000 and again 2005-2015. In 2015 Tripura Tribal Area Autonomous District Council (TTAADC) election he won his seat by a margin of 8901 votes and led his government.


COVID-19 pandemic in the Bahamas

The COVID-19 pandemic in the Bahamas is part of the COVID-19 pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). 

The outbreak was identified in Wuhan, China, in December 2019, declared to be a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on 30 January 2020, and recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization on 11 March 2020. It was confirmed to have reached the Bahamas on 15 March 2020 with the announcement of the first case.

On 15 March, Acting Minister of Health Jeffrey Lloyd announced the first confirmed case, a 61-year-old female.

On March 20, Prime Minister Hubert Minnis announced a 9pm to 5am curfew, restrictions on private gatherings, and closure of most in-person businesses, with limited hours for food stores and farmers' markets, pharmacies, gas stations, laundromats, banks, construction, and restaurants (limited to take-out only). 

Essential workers for the government, utilities, and media were told to work, as were health care providers and suppliers. The airport remained open, but only essential travel was allowed on public buses.

COVID-19 pandemic in Niger

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Niger in March 2020. Amnesty International reported that journalists have been arrested over reporting about the pandemic.

On 19 March, the first case in the country was confirmed in Niamey, being a 36-year-old man from Nigeria. He had travelled to Lomé, Accra, Abidjan and Ouagadougou.

Niger reported a total of 7 cases on March 25, including the first death related to COVID-19 in the country (24 March). The death happened in Niamey, being a 63-year old Nigerian national.

COVID-19 pandemic in the State of Palestine

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to the West Bank on 5 March 2020, beginning the COVID-19 pandemic in Palestine. 

The Palestinian health ministry said the cases had first been detected at a hotel in the Bethlehem area, where a group of Greek tourists had visited the hotel in late February. Two of them were later diagnosed with the virus.

The first two cases in Gaza City, Gaza were diagnosed on 21 March. There are 20 cases as of 13 May 2020, 14 of whom have recovered as of the same date.

The table below shows the confirmed COVID-19 cases in the Governorates of Palestine.

Jürgen Osterhammel

Jürgen Osterhammel (born 1952 in Wipperfürth, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German historian specialized in world history.

Osterhammel started his academic career as a research fee student at the London School of Economics in 1976/77 and studied and worked there under Professor Ian Nish. In 1980 he obtained his Ph.D. from the University of Kassel (Germany) in modern history. Two years later he started as a fellow at the German Historical Institute in London. Between 1986 and 1990 he was a senior lecturer in political science at the University of Freiburg (Germany). He then worked for seven years as professor of modern history at the "FernUniversität Hagen", a distance-learning university in Germany. He has also worked as a professor of modern history at the Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva and the in the same position in the University of Konstanz (Germany) in 1999. In 2001-2002 he was a fellow at the "Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study" in the Humanities and Social Sciences. In 2014 he was elected a Corresponding Fellow of the "British Academy".

In 2018 he received the "Balzan Prize" for Global History "For his fundamental contribution to studies in global history and the definition of the discipline. For his method, which combines the rigour of empirical research while opening onto wide perspectives in an admirably balanced way, both through comparison and through the study of interconnected histories. For his elegant, fascinating style of writing."




COVID-19 pandemic in Romania

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Romania on February 26, 2020, with the first confirmed case in Gorj County.

As of May 14, the Romanian Government reports 14,066 people put in quarantine, a further 18,118 in home isolation under medical supervision, and 286,217 tests having been processed.

On February 21, following a COVID-19 pandemic in Italy, the Romanian government announced a 14-day quarantine for citizens returning from the affected regions.

On February 26, the Minister of Education and Research required schools to spread awareness about coronavirus.

On March 14, after over 101 people have been diagnosed with coronavirus, Romania entered the third COVID-19 scenario. The third scenario goes from 101 to 2,000 cases.

On April 7, a 53 year old paramedic from Suceava became the first reported casualty among Romanian medical personnel. As of April 18, there were over a thousand infected medical staff in the country.

COVID-19 pandemic in Morocco

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Morocco on 2 March 2020, when the first case COVID-19 case was confirmed in Casablanca. It involved a Moroccan living in Bergamo, Italy who arrived from Italy on 27 February 2020.

A second case was confirmed later that same day involving an 89-year-old woman Moroccan living in Italy who had returned to Morocco on 25 February 2020 from Bologna, Italy. She subsequently died on 10 March 2020.

After the two cases confirmed on 2 March 2020, a third case was confirmed on 10 March 2020, a French tourist who arrived in Marrakesh. On 11 March 2020, it was announced that the wife and daughter of the French tourist also tested positive, bringing the total cases to 5.

On 13 March, the government decided to shut down all schools, effective March 16 until further notice.

Morocco declared a state of medical emergency on 19 March 2020, to take effect on 20 March 2020 at 6:00 pm local time and to remain in effect until April 20, 2020 with possibility to extend for a longer period.

COVID-19 pandemic in Ghana

The first two cases related to the COVID-19 pandemic in Ghana were confirmed on 12 March 2020, when two people returned from Norway and Turkey.

On 11 March, President Nana Akufo-Addo announced a budget increase of an equal amount to $US100 million available to increase Ghana's coronavirus and response plan.

Traveling to Ghana had been strongly discouraged until further notice from countries where at least 200 cases of COVID-19 were recorded was declared.

On 15 March, President Nana Akufo-Addo banned all public gatherings including conferences, education facilities, workshops, funerals, festivals, political rallies, church activities and other related events to reduce the spread of COVID-19.

On 12 November, the country's first president Jerry Rawlings died from the infection in Accra, aged 73.

COVID-19 pandemic in Togo

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Togo in March 2020.

On 6 March, Togolese authorities announced the first COVID-19 case, a 42-year-old Togolese woman who travelled between Germany, France, Turkey, and Benin before returning to Togo. On this date, it was reported that she was being treated in isolation and her condition was stable.

On 20 March, nine more cases were confirmed in Togo. 

On 21 March, seven more cases were confirmed. All borders to the country were closed. The cities of Lomé, Tsévié, Kpalimé, and Sokodé have been quarantined starting on 20 March for two weeks.

On 27 March, the first death occurred.

COVID-19 pandemic in Northern Cyprus

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Northern Cyprus, officially the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (the Turkish-Cypriot-controlled "de facto" state made up of the north of the island), in March 2020.

On 10 March 2020, Health Minister Ali Pilli announced the Northern Cyprus's first case of COVID-19, a 65-year-old tourist from Germany.

On 12 March, the country's second case was confirmed, being the spouse of the German tourist who became the first person diagnosed with COVID-19.

On 17 March, the 2020 presidential election was delayed for 6 months due to the outbreak.

On 24 March, over 840 German national tourists were sent back to Germany after being quarantined for 14 days.

On 28 March, the first person died from COVID-19.

On May 11 the last coronavirus patient had been discharged from hospital and there was no active case left.

COVID-19 pandemic in Ivory Coast

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Ivory Coast in March 2020.

On 11 March, Ivory Coast recorded its first case of COVID-19. It was an Ivory Coast national who had recently been to Italy. 

On 16 March, the government announced that the total number of confirmed cases had risen to six, and that the patient identified on 11 March had made a recovery. Ivory Coast also suspended flights for countries that had more than 100 cases for 15 days, only allowing citizens and residents, and closed all schools for an initial 30 days.

On 20 March, the government announced five more confirmed cases, bringing the total number to 14. The same day the government decided to close all borders from midnight on 22 March until further notice.

On 27 March, 5 new cases were confirmed, bringing the total over the 100 benchmark with a total of 101 cases along with 2 patients recovering, thus bringing the total of recovered to 3. 

A 58-year-old female patient with diabetes, in a coma since 25 March, became the first death.

Zaatari

Zaatari refugee camp is a refugee camp. It is located in Jordan, about from the Syrian border. It is one of the world's largest refugee camps. it is the world's largest camp for Syrian refugees. It developed into a permanent setltement, with a main street, and a market along the main street. In August 2015, UNHCR estimated a population of 79.900 people. The camp covers an area of about . Over time, Zaatari has grown to be Jordan's fourth-largest settlement.

COVID-19 pandemic in Burkina Faso

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Burkina Faso on 9 March 2020. 

The death of , a member of the National Assembly of Burkina Faso, on 18 March marked the first recorded COVID-19 fatality in Sub-Saharan Africa.

On 9 March 2020, the first two cases in the country were reported in Burkina Faso.

On 13 March, the third case was also confirmed, is a person who has had direct contact with the first two cases.

On 14 March, 7 cases confirmed in the country. Five of the new confirmed cases have had direct contact with the first two cases. One is an English national currently working in a gold mine in the Burkina Faso and who went to vacation in Liverpool, returning on 10 March, with transits through Vancouver and Paris.

On 15 March, 8 new cases were confirmed according to a statement from the Ministry of Health, bringing the total number of cases to 15.

On 17 March, 20 total cases were confirmed.

COVID-19 pandemic in Albania

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Albania on 8 March 2020, a father and son who had travelled from Florence, Italy. 

As of 10 September 2020, there are 10,860 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in Albania.

After the first case was reported on 8 March, the Ministry of Health and Social Protection stated that a total of 65 people had been tested for COVID-19, 2 of whom were positive the following day.

On 10 March, President Ilir Meta called for retired Albanian doctors to re-enter the work force. Later that day, it was discovered that a Maryland woman had contracted novel coronavirus after visiting Albania, as well as spending time in a Turkish airport.

The first death was also reported, an elderly woman in Durrës on 12 March.

On 12 March, Prime Minister Edi Rama declared a "war" on COVID-19.

COVID-19 pandemic in Cyprus

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Cyprus in March 2020. 

On 9 March 2020, Cyprus confirmed its first two cases: a 25-year-old man from Limassol who had returned from Italy and a 64-year-old health professional from Nicosia who had returned from the UK.

On 21 March, the first death was confirmed.

On 30 April, 7 new cases were confirmed. According to the updated statistics released by the Ministry of Health, a total of 296 people have recovered.

COVID-19 pandemic in Malta

During the COVID-19 pandemic, the first case of coronavirus disease in Malta was an Italian 12-year-old girl on 7 March 2020. The girl and her family were in self-isolation. After a few days, both her parents were found positive for Coronavirus as well. 

A mandatory quarantine was forced on travelers and those who were possibly in contact with those who traveled abroad. 

A mandatory lockdown was imposed on those over the age of 65, those suffering from chronic health conditions and members of their households. 

WHO praised the Maltese government's response to the pandemic, before the number of cases rose to 52 on 7 April. On May Day, given that the rate of the virus was below 0, the first reopening measures were announced.

COVID-19 pandemic in Belarus

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Belarus, when the first case of COVID-19 in the country was registered in Minsk on 28 February 2020.

On 28 February, Belarus confirmed its first case. A student from Iran tested positive on 27 February and was admitted to a hospital in Minsk. The individual arrived in Belarus via a flight from Baku, Azerbaijan, on 22 February.

On 21 March, a total of 76 confirmed cases have been reported. Two days later, 81 confirmed cases have been reported, including 22 recoveries. According to the official data, more than 21,000 COVID-19 tests had been conducted in Belarus since 23 January.

On 31 March, the first death was reported in Belarus.

COVID-19 pandemic in Liberia

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Liberia in March 2020.

On 16 March, the first case in Liberia was confirmed, a government official who traveled from Switzerland. President George Weah controversially named the person, and claimed they violated screening protocols at Roberts International Airport (RIA) in Harbel.

The second case was confirmed on 17 March, a close contact of the first case.

Liberia's third case of COVID-19 was confirmed on 20 March. The third person was a returned traveler. Following this third case, the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare declared a national health emergency on 22 March.

On 27 March, the U.S. Embassy evacuated some U.S. citizens from Liberia.

On 1 April, the European Union organized a charter flight evacuating its citizens.

Liberia reported its first death on 4 April.

COVID-19 pandemic in Senegal

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Senegal on March 2, 2020.

On 2 March 2020, a 54-year-old man from France was the first confirmed case of COVID-19 in Senegal, living in the Almadies Arrondissement of Dakar, having been tested positive at the Pasteur Institute in Dakar.

The second confirmed case of COVID-19 was a French expat who came to Dakar from France. They were said to be in a "comfortable" condition.

On 12 March 2020, five more cases were announced in Senegal, which were family members of a confirmed case of the Senegalese national returning from Italy.

On 23 March, Senegal declared a state of emergency.

COVID-19 pandemic in Bulgaria

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Bulgaria in March 2020.

The first case was confirmed on 8 March 2020, a 27-year-old man from Pleven and a 75-year-old woman from Gabrovo. Neither of the two had traveled to areas with known coronavirus cases. The man tested positive for the virus after being hospitalized for a respiratory infection. Two other samples in Pleven and Gabrovo were positive on 8 March.

After the number of patients in the country had reached 23, the Bulgarian Parliament voted unanimously to declare a state of emergency from 13 March until 13 April. 

A 14-day preventive house quarantine was made for citizens who have been in contact with a COVID-19 patient or have returned from an overseas region with a high number of cases. 

For patients tested positive for the virus a 21-day house quarantine was created. The National Crisis-management Staff later increased the recovery house quarantine by a week to 28 days. With the continuing increase of COVID-19 cases on a daily basis, on 1 April the Bulgarian government requested that Parliament extends the state of emergency by one month until 13 May.

As of 14 May 2020, there are 2,100 officially confirmed cases spread throughout all Bulgarian provinces, with 99 recorded deaths and 521 recoveries. A total of 61,711 PCR tests (or 8,868 per million citizens) had been performed by 13 May, with 3.40% being positive.

COVID-19 pandemic in Somalia

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Somalia on 16 March 2020 when the first case was confirmed in Mogadishu.

Somali Prime Minister, Hassan Ali Khaire announced that the government had set aside five million dollars to deal with the disease. The Somali Medical Association was worried that the death toll in the country will be huge and that Somalia will not be able to recover from the economic effects due to poor working relations and the lack of healthcare. 

It was also rumored that President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed may use the pandemic as an excuse to postpone elections. There were concerns over freedom of the press following arrests of journalists who were covering the pandemic in Somalia.

COVID-19 pandemic in Azerbaijan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Azerbaijan when its first case was confirmed in February 2020.
On 28 February, the country confirmed its first positive case of COVID-19. The patient, a Russian national, had traveled from Iran. Two more cases were later confirmed in the country and they were all isolated. They were Azerbaijani nationals who returned from Iran. On the same day Azerbaijan closed borders with Iran for 2 weeks.

On 12 March, the woman died from multiple organ failure caused by COVID-19. This marked the first death of coronavirus in Azerbaijan.

On 31 March, Azerbaijan declared nationwide quarantine. People were required to stay in private houses and apartments, permanent or temporary places of residence until 20 April.

A month later on 24 April, the country slowly began to reopen.

COVID-19 pandemic in Latvia

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Latvia on 2 March 2020.

On 13 March, the government closed all educational buildings and banned mass gatherings until 14 April, which was later extended to 12 May. Many concerts and events were cancelled and moved to other dates. 

As of 20 March at least 1,600 culture and entertainment events had been disrupted.

COVID-19 pandemic in Bermuda

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached the British Overseas Territory of Bermuda in March 2020.

On 18 March, the first two cases in Bermuda were confirmed.

As of 16 April, there were 83 cases on the island out of which 26 were imported, 45 were community spread, 12 were pending investigation, and 35 of those cases were recovered. On 6 April, it was announced that there had been the first two COVID-19 deaths on the island. As of 14 April, there were 5 deaths from Covid-19.

COVID-19 pandemic in Madagascar

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Madagascar in March 2020.

On 20 March, the first three cases were confirmed in Antananarivo, the capital of Madagascar. All three cases were women.

By 22 April, Madagascar had reported 121 cases but no deaths.

On 5 May, Madagascar reported a total of 149 cases but no deaths.

Lockdowns were added in at least two cities. The government announced on 17 March that all international and regional flights would be suspended for 30 days starting 20 March.

COVID-19 pandemic in Georgia (country)

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Georgia when its first case was confirmed in Tbilisi on 26 February 2020.

All flights from China and Wuhan to Tbilisi International Airport were cancelled until 27 January. The Health Ministry announced that all arriving passengers from China would be screened. Georgia also temporarily shut down all flights to Iran.

On 26 February, Georgia confirmed its first COVID-19 case. A 50-year-old man, who returned to Georgia from Iran.

On 12 March, President Salome Zourabichvili, in a televised appearance called for calm and unity.

As of 15 March, 33 cases were confirmed, 637 were held under quarantine and 54 were under hospital supervision.

COVID-19 pandemic in Kazakhstan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Kazakhstan on 13 March 2020. It involved two Kazakh citizens in Almaty who were recently returned from Germany. That same day, two more cases were confirmed with one female arriving from Italy in Nur-Sultan and the other from Germany in Almaty as well.

On 13 March, the first two cases of COVID-19 were announced.

On 15 March, President of Kazakhstan Kassym-Jomart Tokayev declared a state of emergency from 16 March to 15 April 2020. Many holidays such as Nowruz and the Victory Day military parade were cancelled.

On 19 March, a quarantine was placed on the cities of Nur-Sultan and Almaty where the highest cases were occurring. 

On 26 March, two patients were discharged in Nur-Sultan and Almaty, and that same day, a first death from the COVID-19 was reported in Nur-Sultan, which was 64-year old resident from the village of Kosshi.

On 30 March, Atyrau and 5 cities in Karaganda Region were under a lockdown.

COVID-19 pandemic in Turkmenistan

There are no confirmed COVID-19 cases in Turkmenistan (population c. 6 million). 

The government has worked to control information about the virus, and experts suspect that it may be spreading in the country unreported.

On 29 February 2020, Turkmenistan began refusing the entry of citizens from countries affected by the virus. On 5 March three foreign travelers, two of them diplomats of an Arab country, were denied entry when they flew from Almaty, Kazakhstan. Their flight was diverted to Türkmenabat and after arriving at Ashgabat, they were all put on a flight to Istanbul. 

Dr. Catherine Smallwood, head of the WHO/Europe mission, during a briefing following a 10-day mission visit to Turkmenistan, did not inform about the detection of COVID-19 infections in the country.

Turkmenistan has taken out its citizens from countries infected with coronavirus like China, Russia, Turkey and Belarus.

COVID-19 pandemic in Laos

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Laos on 24 March 2020, becoming the last Southeast Asian country to report its first case.

On 13 March provincial authorities closed some of border posts.

On 24 March, Laos confirmed its first two COVID-19 cases, becoming the last Southeast Asian country infected with coronavirus.

On 26 March, the Vientiane Times confirms third Covid-19 case.

On 27 March, there were 6 cases confirmed. Two more men from Luang Prabang, and one from Vientiane.

COVID-19 pandemic in Uzbekistan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Uzbekistan when its first case was confirmed on 15 March 2020, an Uzbek citizen returning from France. 

Uzbekistan's Health Ministry has a list of people who were in contact with the victim, with plans to quarantine them. 

After the case was announced, Kazakh President Kassym-Jomart Tokayev announced a state of emergency in Kazakhstan, and promptly closed the border with Uzbekistan. Two days before the first case of coronavirus, Uzbekistan suspended flights to France, Spain, and the United Kingdom. 

On 22 March 2020, Uzbekistan ordered companies in Tashkent to do remote working, as well as making protective masks mandatory. 

On March 27, 2020, the first death was reported in the country, who was a 72-year-old woman living in Namangan. She was infected by her daughter who returned from Turkey on 12 March 2020.

As of 13 May 2020, there have been 2,568 confirmed cases, 2,046 recoveries and 10 deaths.

COVID-19 pandemic in Kosovo

The COVID-19 pandemic (COVID-19) arrived in Kosovo on 13 March 2020.

On 13 March, the first two cases were confirmed, a 77-year-old man from Vitina and an Italian woman in her early 20s, who worked in Klina with Caritas Kosova. 

The Government of Kosovo decided to quarantine and block the entrances and exits of these two cities.

After the new cases emerged, the Ministry of Health requested that the Government of Kosovo declare a state of public health emergency.

On 22 March, the first Kosovo death from the pandemic was announced.

COVID-19 pandemic in Cambodia

The first case relating to the COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed in Cambodia on 27 January 2020. 

According to Global Health Security Index's report in 2019, Cambodia ranked 89th out of 195 countries in preparedness for infectious disease outbreak.

On 27 January, the first case had been confirmed in Sihanoukville on a 60-year-old Chinese man who arrived in 23 January from Wuhan, Hubei with his family.

COVID-19 pandemic in Cameroon

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have spread to Cameroon, Central Africa on 6 March 2020 with its first confirmed case. The infected person was a French national who arrived in the capital Yaoundé on 24 February.

The Minister of Public Health, Dr. Malachie Manaouda, revealed on 23 March that among the 16 cases tested positive that morning, 9 were from Douala, 6 in Yaoundé, and one in Bafoussam.

The total number of COVID-19 cases keep climbing up in the country. On 30 March, the Minister of Public Health announced that Cameroon had 142 active cases with 6 deaths.

COVID-19 pandemic in Mauritania

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Mauritania in March 2020.

On 13 March, the first case was confirmed, with the case being placed in isolation.

On 18 March, the Mauritanian Minister of Health announced the discovery of a second positive coronavirus case on a foreign female employee, working at a house of a couple of expatriates, the woman arrived 10 days prior the discovery.

A third coronavirus case was declared on March 26 for a 74-year-old man, a Mauritanian citizen who had arrived in Mauritania on March 15 from France via Air France.

The country recorded its first death on 30 March 2020.

On 18 April, the last remaining active case recovered. On that date, there had been 7 confirmed cases in the country, 6 of whom had recovered, and one died making Mauritania temporarily one of few affected countries in the world to become free of COVID-19.

On 29 April, a Senegalese citizen tested positive. The case is a 68-year women living in the state of Nouakchott.

As of 4 August, there have been 6,418 confirmed cases in Mauritania. 5,209 of these have since recovered and 157 people have died.

COVID-19 pandemic in Oman

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Oman on 24 February 2020 when two citizens tested positive for COVID-19 after returning from Iran.

By 2 May, the virus had spread to all the governorates of Oman. As of 14 May, the total number of cases registered in the sultanate is 4,3341, of which 1,303 cases have recovered and 17 have died.

Muscat continues to have the highest number of confirmed cases at over 3,200. Muttrah has been the worst affected wilayat (province) of the governorate, it held 45% of the total confirmed cases of the country in early April mostly due to local transmissions

On 10 April, all of the Muscat governorate was put under lockdown until 22 April, this was extended twice. The lockdown was expected to end on 29 May.

Sultan Haitham bin Tariq declared that COVID-19 tests and treatment were free for all communities of the country, including expatriates.

COVID-19 pandemic in Burundi

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Burundi in March 2020.

Burundi's Health Minister Thadée Ndikumana confirmed the country's first two cases of coronavirus disease 2019 on 31 March, Burundi nationals travelling back from Rwanda and Dubai.

On 2 April, a further positive case was confirmed, a 26-year-old woman, while 22 other people tested negative.

COVID-19 pandemic in the Central African Republic

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached the Central African Republic in March 2020.

As of 9 April 2020, there were only three ventilators in the entire country.

The country's first case was announced on 14 March, with the patient being identified as a 74-year-old Italian man who returned to the Central African Republic from Milan, Italy.

COVID-19 pandemic in Chad

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Chad in March 2020.

On 19 March, Chadian authorities reported their first case, a Moroccan passenger who flew from Douala.

On 26 March, with three cases already reported, Chadian authorities reported two additional positive cases. The cases were a 48-year-old Chadian and a 55-year-old Cameroonian passenger on a 17 March Ethiopian Airlines flight from Dubai and Brussels, respectively, through Addis Ababa.

On 30 March, two more cases of COVID-19 were reported, a Chadian citizen from Douala and a Swiss citizen from Brussels.

On 6 April, Chad recorded its first case of local contamination, a 31-year-old Chadian who was in contact with another Chadian who had diagnosed positive.

COVID-19 pandemic in Zambia

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Zambia in March 2020.

As of 17 March, the government had shut all educational institutions and put in place some restrictions on foreign travel. 

Zambia reported its first 2 cases of COVID-19 in Lusaka on 18 March. The patients were a couple that had travelled to France on holiday. A third case was recorded on 22 March. The patient was a man who had travelled to Pakistan. 

On March 25, President Edgar Lungu confirmed a total of 12 cases during a live national address.

Zambia recorded its first death on 2 April.

COVID-19 pandemic in Equatorial Guinea

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Equatorial Guinea on 14 March 2020. 

Equatorial Guinea has a weak healthcare system.

The country's first case was announced on 14 March, a 42-year-old woman in Malabo, who returned to Equatorial Guinea from Madrid.

As of March 24, there were 9 cases in the country, all imported. There were no confirmed cases of community spread in the country at the time.

COVID-19 pandemic in Gabon

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Gabon in March 2020.

The country's first case was announced on 12 March, a 27-year-old Gabonese man who returned to Gabon from France, four days before the confirmation of the coronavirus.

On 17 March, two additional cases were confirmed in the country, including a woman who works at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. She visited Marseille and Paris before returning to the country. 

On 20 March, the first death was confirmed.

On 24 March, diagnosed cases increased to six with the Ministry of Health announcing two new cases: a 45-year-old Togolese national, resident of Gabon and who recently returned from Senegal on March 11 and a 42-year-old Gabonese national who returned from France on March 19.

COVID-19 pandemic in the Gambia

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached The Gambia in March 2020.

The first case of COVID-19 in The Gambia was reported on 17 March and received treatment at MRC Unit The Gambia's specialist clinic in Fajara. The patient was a woman in her thirties who had travelled to The Gambia from the United Kingdom on 15 March. She went into self-isolation.

Overseas travel by public officials was suspended by a circular issued by President Adama Barrow on 13 March. Barrow ordered all universities to close and for all gatherings to cease on 17 March.

The Freak Brothers

The Freak Brothers is an adult animated television show. It is based on the iconic 1960s underground comic series called "The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers". The animated series is about the same characters as the comic book and is set in modern-day San Francisco. The television series is being developed for release in late 2020. 

It features four cannabis-loving, time-traveling “Freaks” from the late 1960s – Freewheelin’ Franklin, Phineas, Fat Freddy and Fat Freddy’s Cat. Known as "The Freak Brothers", the show features Woody Harrelson, Tiffany Haddish, Pete Davidson, and John Goodman as voice actors for the 3 Freaks & the cat. 

Courtney Solomon and Mark Canton will be the executive producers, together with Adam Devine and Blake Anderson who will also provide voice acting. The first season will consist of eight 22-minute episodes and will debut in 2020. A mini-episode was released May 6, 2020, titled "Kentucky Fried Freaks".

According to the 2019 announcement it will be animated by Starburns Industries studio, which did Rick & Morty.

COVID-19 pandemic in Sudan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Sudan in March 2020.

On 13 March 2020, Sudan reported its first COVID-19 case in Khartoum, a man who died on 12 March 2020 and had visited the United Arab Emirates in the first week of March.

Sudan stopped issuing visas for, and flights to, eight countries, including Italy and neighboring Egypt, over fears of the coronavirus outbreak.

COVID-19 pandemic in Djibouti

The COVID-19 pandemic spread to Djibouti in March 2020. It is a new infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ().

On 18 March, the first COVID-19 case in Djibouti was confirmed, in a member of the Spanish Special Forces who arrived on 14 March for Operation Atalanta and tested positive on 17 March. 

A contractor working for the United States Department of Defense at Camp Lemonnier, the largest and only permanent US military base in Djibouti, tested positive for COVID-19 the same month. A total of 30 cases were confirmed by the end of March.

On 2 April, the World Bank approved US$5 million in emergency funding for Djibouti as part of the Djibouti COVID-19 Response Project. 

By 5 April, the number of confirmed cases had risen to 59.

On 9 April, Djibouti recorded its first coronavirus death. There were 140 people infected with COVID-19, while 28 people recovered. 

On 23 April, the US military in Djibouti declared a public health emergency. 

A second case in Camp Lemonnier was confirmed in late April, triggering a permanent lockdown.

COVID-19 pandemic in South Sudan

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached South Sudan on April 5, 2020. As of May 13, there are 203 confirmed cases of COVID-19 in South Sudan.

On 5 April, the first case of COVID-19 in the country was confirmed in a 29-year-old patient, a United Nations worker who arrived on 28 February from the Netherlands through Ethiopia. South Sudan thus became the 51st African country (out of 54) to confirm a case.

After 28 people tested positive on 28 April, the curfew was extended to be from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m., all restaurants were only allowed to be takeout, and all passenger boda bodas were banned.

South Sudan has a population of 11 million people, but only four ventilators.

COVID-19 pandemic in Rwanda

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Rwanda in March 2020.

The first case of COVID-19 in Rwanda was confirmed on 14 March 2020. Four other people were tested after the first case tested positive, bringing the number of cases to five.

On 21 March, officials announced a two-week lockdown. Both public and private employees are to work from home, under strict measures. All borders are also to be closed, cargo and Rwandan nationals being exempt, with a mandatory 14-day quarantine.

On 9 April, three new cases of coronavirus were identified, out of 720 samples examined in the previous 24 hours. This brought the total number of confirmed cases to 113 people (of which seven had recovered).

The Rwandan government was very strict about the pandemic. They had a curfew and made people sit and listen to speeches all night if they were outside during curfew. The police arrested a lot of people, including people who said they were abusing their power during the pandemic.

COVID-19 pandemic in São Tomé and Príncipe

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached São Tomé and Príncipe on 6 April 2020. The first death was recorded on 30 April.

On 6 April, the first four cases in the country were confirmed.

On 30 April, the first death was reported. At that time, São Tomé and Príncipe had 16 cases, 4 of which had recovered, and 1 death. The deceased was a 55-year old man living in Cantalago.

In order to prevent the spread of the virus, the government put in many travel restrictions and quarantining measures.

COVID-19 pandemic in Uganda

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Uganda in March 2020.

On 18 March, public gatherings including places of worship, pubs, weddings, music shows, rallies and cultural meetings were suspended for 32 days with immediate effect.

On 22 March, the first case of COVID-19 in Uganda was confirmed. The confirmed case was a 36-year-old male who had travelled to Dubai on 17 March 2020 for a business trip.

On 25 March, public transport was suspended for 14 days. Only private cars with not more than three occupants are allowed on the road.

On 30 March, the President declared a nationwide curfew from 7 pm to 6:30 am, which would run for 14 days to prevent the spread of the disease.

COVID-19 pandemic in Kuwait

The first confirmed case of the COVID-19 pandemic in Kuwait was announced on 24 February 2020.
As of 14 May 2020, there are 11,975 confirmed cases of COVID-19 with recovery of 3,451 cases and 88 deaths.

On 24 February, Kuwaiti Ministry of Health announced that there were 3 cases detected coming from Iran that carry coronavirus disease 2019. The first person was a Kuwait I national, 53 years old, while the second was a Saudi national, 61 years old, and the third was a person from the stateless community.

On 25 February, Kuwaiti Ministry of Health announced that there were 4 new cases coming from Iran with coronavirus disease 2019.

On 11 March, Kuwaiti Directorate General of Civil Aviation has suspended all travel, except cargo flights, to and from Kuwait starting from 13 March, effectively locking down the nation until further notice.

On 18 March, the Ministry of Health announced 6 new cases for a total of 148. More than 14,000 swipe tests had been conducted by this point.

On 14 May, the Ministry of Health announced 947 new cases for a total of 11,975 and a recovery of 188. The number of patients in ICU is 175, in which 95 are critical and 80 stable. Kuwait reported 6 more deaths bringing the total number of death due to the virus within the country to 88.

COVID-19 pandemic in Myanmar

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Myanmar on 23 March 2020.

On 23 March, Myanmar confirmed its first and second COVID-19 cases.

On 24 March, Myanmar has launched a community lockdown in one village from Chin State to control the spread of the COVID-19.

On 25 March, Myanmar confirmed its third COVID-19 case.

On 31 March 2020, the Committee for Corona Virus Disease 19 (COVID-19), headed by First Vice President Myint Swe and made up of members from many union ministries, was formed by President Win Myint, to combat the spread of COVID-19 in Myanmar.

Vietnam announced it would send $50,000 to Myanmar worth supplies, including medical tests, to aid the Burmese authorities handling the outbreak, becoming the first country to do so.

COVID-19 pandemic in Eswatini

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Eswatini in March 2020.

On 14 March, the country's first case of COVID-19 was confirmed. A 33-year-old woman, who returned from the United States at the end of February and then traveled to Lesotho before returning home to Eswatini, is currently in isolation. Two suspected cases were identified by 11 March 2020, the first a woman returning from Denmark (or possibly Germany), and the other a woman who had hosted visitors from Germany.

On 24 March 2020, the ministry of health announced a fifth confirmed case. A 52-year-old male who had traveled to the United States earlier in the same month had tested positive.

On 16 April 2020, the country recorded its first COVID-19-related death, a 59-year-old man with diabetes.

COVID-19 pandemic in Luxembourg

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Luxembourg on 29 February 2020. As of , there are confirmed cases, with deaths, and recoveries in Luxembourg.

On 29 February the of Luxembourg confirmed the first case of the coronavirus in the country. The patient was a man in his forties who had returned from Italy via Charleroi, Belgium. 

On 13 March, Minister for Health Paulette Lenert, Minister for Mobility François Bausch, and Minister for Family Affairs Corinne Cahen held a press conference to confirm another 8 cases and Luxembourg's first death, which was a 94-year-old who had been in critical condition.

COVID-19 pandemic in Bosnia and Herzegovina

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Bosnia and Herzegovina on 5 March 2020 in Banja Luka, who had been in Italy during the COVID-19 pandemic. Later the same day, a second case who was the son of the first case. 

On 21 March 2020, the first death in the country from COVID-19 was announced in a hospital in Bihać. The patient was an elderly woman who had been hospitalized two days before.

As of 13 May 2020, in Bosnia and Herzegovina there were 2182 confirmed coronavirus cases, of which 1168 were in Republika Srpska, 994 in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and 20 in Brčko District.

On 17 March 2020, the Council of Ministers of Bosnia and Herzegovina declared a state of emergency in all of Bosnia and Herzegovina.

COVID-19 pandemic in Lesotho

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Lesotho on 13 May 2020.

Until May 2020, Lesotho was the last country in Africa to have no reported coronavirus disease 2019 cases during the global pandemic.

The country did not have the ability to test for the virus, and so, in order to prevent the spread of the virus the government closed its border with South Africa. 

On 18 March, the government declared a national emergency despite having no confirmed cases, and closed schools until 17 April (but allowed school meals to continue). 

Arriving travelers were to be quarantined for 14 days upon arrival. Prime Minister Thomas Thabane announced a three-week lock down from midnight 29 March. 

Lesotho began sending its samples to South Africa's National Institute for Communicable Diseases for testing. Lesotho began lifting some aspects of the lockdown on 5 May.

COVID-19 pandemic in East Timor

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached East Timor in March 2020.

On 10 February entry for non-nationals who had visited China within the past 4 weeks was restricted. Those who had visited Hubei were banned, while those who had visited other areas of China could enter with a valid medical certificate.

On 21 February students who had been studying in Wuhan arrived in East Timor following a period of quarantine in New Zealand.

On 19 March, East Timor closed its borders with Indonesia.

On 21 March, East Timor confirmed its first imported COVID-19 case. The place where it started is unknown.

On 6 April, Parliament approved urgent measures to deal with the pandemic.

COVID-19 pandemic in Papua New Guinea

The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Papua New Guinea on 20 March 2020. On 4 May, all known cases recovered.

On 20 March, the first case in Papua New Guinea was confirmed.

On 7 April, Papua New Guinea confirmed its second case of COVID-19.

On 4 May, acting Health Secretary Dr Paison Dakulala reported that all known cases had recovered, but stressed that they didn't know what they are fighting. 2,400 tests had been carried out with the bulk in Port Moresby.

On 5 May, the schools reopened, however some schools required face mask and others sent their students back home again.

On 7 August, the first case of COVID-19 was confirmed in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville.

2020 Palghar mob lynching

On 16 April 2020, a Gundas group lynched two Hindu Sadhus and their driver in Gadchinchale, Palghar District, Maharashtra, India. The incident was fuelled by WhatsApp rumours of thieves operating in the area during the countrywide coronavirus lockdown. The vigilante group of villagers had mistaken the three passengers as thieves and killed them. Policemen who intervened were also attacked; Four policemen and a senior police officer were injured.

As of 4 May, 115 villagers had been arrested by the Maharashtra police on charges of murder and an investigation was ongoing. After the incident, rumours were spread increasing religious tension. On 22 April, Maharashtra Home Minister, Anil Deshmukh posted a complete list of people arrested, stating that none of the arrested were Muslims. The government said that both the attackers and the victims were of same religion.

Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology

Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology (BUET) is a public university of Bangladesh. It is the oldest engineering university of the country. It has been ranked 5th among the Asian universities in the QS World University Ranking 2024.

BUET has 18 departments under five faculties:


There are six institutes in BUET. They are:




Richard Gilder

Richard Gilder, Jr. (May 31, 1932 – May 12, 2020), was an American businessman, philanthropist and conservative political donor. He was the co-founder of the Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History. He donated to many charities including Central Park, the New-York Historical Society and the American Museum of Natural History. Gilder was born in New York City.

Gilder died on May 12, 2020 at his home in Charlottesville, Virginia of congestive heart failure, aged 87.

Lewis Lehrman

Lewis E. "Lew" Lehrman (born August 15, 1938) is an American investment banker, businessman, Republican politician, economist, and historian. He supports the ongoing study of American history. He was born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

He was presented the National Humanities Medal at the White House in 2005 for his contributions to American History, the study of President Abraham Lincoln and monetary policy.

He was a member of the Advisory Committee of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission and the Lincoln Forum. Lehrman authored "Lincoln at Peoria: The Turning Point", (2008), "Lincoln "by littles"" (2013). "Churchill, Roosevelt & Company" (2017) and "Lincoln & Churchill: Statesmen at War" (2018).

His works on monetary policy include "True Gold Standard, Newly Revised and Enlarged, Second Edition" (2012) and "Money, Gold, and History" (2013) as well as co-authoring "Money and the Coming World Order" (1976) and "The Case for Gold" (1982).

He has written for major news publications such as "The Washington Post", "The New York Times" and "The Wall Street Journal".

He is a senior partner at L. E. Lehrman & Co., an investment firm he established in 1981. He is also the chairman of the Lehrman Institute, a public policy research and grant making foundation founded in 1972.

He and Richard Gilder were awarded the National Humanities Medal in an Oval Office ceremony on Thursday, November 10, 2005. The Medal was presented by President George W. Bush.

Lois Chiles

Lois Cleveland Chiles (born April 15, 1947) is an American actress and former fashion model. She was born in Houston, Texas.

Chiles is known for her roles as a Bond girl Dr. Holly Goodhead in the 1979 James Bond movie "Moonraker", and as a driver in 1987's "Creepshow 2", as well as such movies as "The Great Gatsby", "The Way We Were", "Death on the Nile" and "Broadcast News".

Mischa de Vreede

Mischa de Vreede (17 September 1936 – 12 May 2020) was a Dutch poet and writer. She was born in Batavia, Dutch East Indies. She made her debut in the collection of poetry "Morgen mooi weer maken" in 1957. 

In 1959 she was awarded the Herman Gorterprijs for the poem "Een jong meisje droomt". She wrote columns for, among others, VARA radio, wrote children books reviews for "NRC Handelsblad" and was a speaker for the organization Schrijvers School Samenleving. She also wrote travel reports for "Vrij Nederland".

Her last novel was "Heilige Dagen" in 2007.

Vreede died in Amsterdam on 12 May 2020 after a long-illness, aged 83.

Rolf Hochhuth

Rolf Hochhuth (1 April 1931 – 13 May 2020) was a German writer and playwright. He was best known for his 1963 drama "The Deputy". His works were controversial as they talked about unpopular opinions of the Holocaust. He also defended Holocaust denier David Irving. Hochhuth was born in Eschwege, Germany.

Hochhuth died on 13 May 2020 in Berlin, aged 89.

