Randy Meisner

Randall Herman Meisner (March 8, 1946 – July 26, 2023), better known as Randy Meisner, was an American musician, singer and songwriter who was born in Scottsbluff, Nebraska. He was a founding member of The Eagles and was a member of Poco, playing the bass guitar and keyboards, and singing on many Eagles songs. He also plays for Weezer and Bastille.

Meisner died from problems caused by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) in Los Angeles, California on July 26, 2023, at the age of 77.

Arc welding

Arc welding is the most effective way of permanently joining metals. It melts the two metals being joined and fuses them together, effectively turning them into one solid unit.

Arc welding uses electricity to melt the metals and the welding filler by creating an electrical arc. An electrical arc is like a tiny lightning bolt that passes between two metals, generating intense heat that melts the two metals and the filler material, fusing them together.

Commonly used for ship building in WWII, this method of welding has become common for creating steel structures.

Rösti

Rösti () or röschti is a Swiss potato dish. It was originally a common breakfast eaten by farmers in the canton of Bern, but is now eaten all over Switzerland. Many Swiss people consider rösti a national dish. Today it is more commonly served to accompany other dishes, rather than for breakfast. It is sometimes considered unhealthy because of the amount of butter or oil used.

Edeka

The Edeka Group is the largest German supermarket corporation. There are about 4,100 stores with the Edeka nameplate that range from small convenience stores to hypermarkets. It is headquartered in Hamburg, Germany.


Osijek

Osijek is a city in Croatia. As of 2011, 108,048 people lived in the city. It is the fourth largest city in the country.

It is the largest city and the economic and cultural centre of the eastern Croatian region of Slavonia, as well as the administrative center of Osijek-Baranja County. Osijek is on the right bank of the river Drava, upstream of its confluence with the Danube.


Maribor

Maribor (, ) is a city in Slovenia. It has about 125,400 inhabitants. It is the second-largest city in the country and the largest city of the traditional region of Lower Styria. It is the seat of the City Municipality of Maribor.

Maribor, along with the Portugal city of Guimarães, was selected the European Capital of Culture for 2012.


Krasnoyarsk

Krasnoyarsk () is a city and the administrative center of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located on the Yenisei River. It is the third-largest city in Siberian Federal District after Novosibirsk and Omsk. As of 2020, 1,095,286 people lived in the city.

Krasnoyarsk is an important junction of the Trans-Siberian Railway and one of Russia's largest producers of aluminum.

The city is notable for its nature landscapes; author Anton Chekhov judged Krasnoyarsk to be the most beautiful city in Siberia.


Klaus Dede

Klaus Dede (1 June 1935 – 5 May 2018) was a German writer and journalist. He was born in Nordenham, Germany. He wrote several books over local history in northern part of Lower-Saxony (Butjadingen, Oldenburg, Bremerhaven, Stedingen, Jade, Wesermarsch) and a book about Jesus "Jesus – schwul?, Die Kirchen, die Christen und die Liebe" (translated "Was Jesus gay?"). He lives in Oldenburg.

Dede died on 5 May 2018 in Oldenburg at the age of 81.


Hildisvíni

Hildisvíni (Old Norse: “[the] battle swine”) is a giant boar which belongs to the goddess Freyja, often accompanying her into battle. Hildisvíni is attested to in "Hyndluljóð", an Old Norse poem found in the "Poetic Edda".

Hnöss

Hnöss (Old Norse: "jewel" or “treasure”) is the goddess of lust and desire in Norse mythology. She is the daughter of Freyja and Óðr, and the identical twin sister of Gersemi.

Love &amp; Basketball

Love & Basketball is a 2000 romantic drama movie. It was the first movie directed by Gina Prince-Bythewood.

Monica Wright and Quincy McCall have wanted to be professional basketball players since they were kids. Monica has wanted to play for the Los Angeles Lakers and wear Magic Johnson's number 32. Quincy has wanted to be like his father and wear number 22. But Monica has to work hard to establish herself. Quincy was born with natural star potential. As the two fight hard to reach their goals of playing professionally, they must also deal with their emotions for each other.

The first quarter of the story begins around 1981, when Monica and her family moved to Los Angeles from Atlanta, Georgia. They quickly became friends with their new neighbors, the McCalls. Quincy and Monica are drawn to each other instantly. They share a love for the game: basketball. Quincy is shocked that a girl could "ever" love basketball as much as he did. And he's even more shocked when Monica plays so well. In the first interaction, Quincy angrily knocks her down during game point and scars her face. But the next day, they share their first kiss on the first day of school. They end the first quarter of the story by fighting in the grass.

The second quarter of the story begins in 1988. Both Monica and Quincy are the respective leaders of their high school teams. Scouts have taken clear notice of Quincy. Many see him as one of the top prospects in the country. He was very popular on the court and with the other students. He could have any girl he wanted. But he is still good friends and neighbors with Monica.

Monica, though, has problems with her fiery emotions on the court. This has often resulted in many technical fouls during critical moments of games, being benched and eventually pushing away lots of potential scouting chances due to her lack of control. Aside from her emotions on the court, Monica also has problems with the emotions she still secretly has for Quincy. She has a hard time expressing them because he is always surrounded by other girls. Monica also has problems with her mother Camille, who is a stay at home wife and mother. From the time she was a little girl, Monica has been pressured by her mother to give up basketball and act like a lady. This leads to the point where Camille has forced Monica to wear dresses and skirts against her will. It has continued into her high school years, when Camille still complains that Monica is too much of a tomboy and needs to learn to be more female. This causes Monica to feel hurt and hateful toward her mother for not accepting who she is.

The third quarter of the story follows Quincy and Monica to their freshman year at the University of Southern California in 1988-1989. At this point they are managing themselves as athletes, students and a couple. However, the same problems seem to show themselves, only this time on a bigger stage. Quincy finds instant success on the basketball court, and more female admirers. But Monica struggles for playing time. She's the backup to the USC's senior guard, Sidra O'Neal. Making matters worse, she falls on the bad side of the head coach, Ellie Davis. Davis reprimands Monica for showing off and for lack of defense. Monica's relationship to Quincy becomes more difficult.

The movie later concludes at 1998. Monica has finally gone pro in the Women's National Basketball Association. The WNBA was created a couple years earlier in the 1990s. The movie ends with Quincy and Monica's toddler daughter cheer Monica on during one of her games.


This movie was released on April 21, 2000 in the United States.

The movie got generally favorable reviews from movie critics. At Metacritic, it got an average score of 70. 
Rotten Tomatoes puts the movie's rating at 82%.

The movie was released in North America to 1,237 theaters. It took in $3,176,000 on its first day. It took in $27,728,118 worldwide. The budget was near $20 million.

| 2001

| rowspan="6" | 2001

| 2000

| 2000

| 2001

| rowspan="5" | 2001

Aracely Arámbula

Aracely Arámbula Jaques (born 6 March 1975) is a Mexican television actress and singer. She was born in Chihuahua, Mexico. Arámbula took acting classes at the Televisa Art Education Center and in her third year of studies she had the opportunity to appear in 1996 already with a recurring character on television in the Mexican telenovela "Cañaveral de pasiones", in that same year she was chosen as Rostro del Heraldo de Mexico.

Some of his most notable performances on television have been in the Televisa's telenovelas, such as "Abrázame muy fuerte" (2000), "Las vías del amor" (2002), and "Corazón salvaje" (2009). In the United States, she was recognize by Telemundo telenovelas, such as "La Patrona" (2013), "Los miserables" (2014), and her most recent work as Altagracia Sandoval in the telenovela "La Doña", adapted from the novel "Doña Bárbara".

Arámbula was married to Mexican singer Luis Miguel from 2006 to 2011, had two children with him.

Bonds Cay

Bonds Cay is an island in the Bahamas. It is in the Berry Islands District, northwest of the capital Nassau. It is owned by singer, Shakira and Roger Waters.

Nikol Pashinyan

Nikol Vovayi Pashinyan (; born 1 June 1975) is an Armenian politician. He is the 20th and current Prime Minister of Armenia since 8 May 2018. He is a former journalist and editor.


Anwar Ibrahim

Datuk Seri Anwar bin Ibrahim (Jawi: ‏انوار بن ابراهيم; born 10 August 1947) is a Malaysian politician. He is the 10th and current Prime Minister of Malaysia since 24 November 2022. Before becoming Prime Minister, he was the Leader of the Opposition from 2020 to 2022. He was the Opposition Leader before between 2008 and 2015. He is a founder and leading figure of the People's Justice Party (Parti Keadilan Rakyat).

Ibrahim was expected to become Malaysia's Prime Minister in "one to two years" when Mahathir Mohamad said he would resign in that time frame and hand the role to Ibrahim. However, when Mohamad resigned in 2020, Ibrahim did not replace him.

Anwar was born on 10 August 1947 in Bukit Mertajam. He studied at University of Malaya and at National University of Malaysia. In 1980, he married Wan Azizah Wan Ismail, who became Deputy Prime Minister in 2018. They have six children.


János Juszkó

János Juszkó (9 June 1939 – 2 May 2018) was a Hungarian cyclist. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in the individual road race and the 100 km team time trial. He finished in 24th and 12th place. He was born in Szeged, Hungary.

Juszkó died on 2 May 2018 in Budapest at the age of 78.


Miki Muster

Miki Muster (born Nikolaj Muster, 22 November 1925 – 7 May 2018) was a Slovenian academic sculptor, illustrator, cartoonist, and animator. He was born in Murska Sobata, Yugoslavia. In 1952, Muster started drawing his most famous comic strip "Zvitorepec", which was running in magazines "Poletove podobe in povesti" (PPP) and "Tedenska tribuna". His works were inspired by Argentine cartoonist Guillermo Mordillo.

Muster died on 7 May 2018 in a nursing home in Notranje Gorice, Slovenia of Alzheimer's disease aged 92.


Gözleme

Gözleme is a traditional Turkish pastry. It is made of thin layers of dough that are filled with toppings and cooked. The dough is usually made with flour, salt and water. The name comes from the Turkish word "közleme", meaning "to grill or cook on embers".

There are many toppings used in gözleme in different places around the world. Some popular ones are meat, vegetables, mushrooms, potatoes, cheese, herbs, and spices.

Gözleme started out as a breakfast food and snack. In the late 20th century it became a fast-food in Turkey, with lots more styles and ingredients available. It is found in restaurants, cafés, and food carts.


Colour theory

Color theory is a guide color mixing and the visual effects of color combinations. 

There are also definitions (or categories) of colors based on the color wheel: primary color, secondary and tertiary colors. Color theory principles first appeared in the writings of Leone Battista Alberti (c. 1435) and the notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci (c. 1490).

The foundations of pre-20th-century color theory were built around "pure" or ideal colors, as sensory experiences rather than the physical world. This has led to a number of inaccuracies in the color theory principles.

There is a difference between the behaviour of light mixtures, called additive color mixing, and the behavior of paint, ink, dye, or pigment mixtures, called subtractive color mixing. The absorption of light by material substances follows different rules from the perception of light by the eye.

A second problem is the failure to describe the important effects of strong light. The appearance of colors reflected from a surface (such as paints or inks) is not the same as mixed colors of light. "Colors" such as browns or ochres cannot appear in mixtures of light. A strong lightness contrast between a mid-valued yellow paint and a surrounding bright white makes the yellow appear to be green or brown, while a strong brightness contrast between a rainbow and the surrounding sky makes the yellow in a rainbow appear to be a fainter yellow, or white.

Another problem is the tendency to describe color too simply, for example as a contrast between "yellow" and "blue". Most color effects are due to contrasts on the attributes that define all colors:


Thus, the visual impact of "yellow" vs. "blue" hues in visual design depends on the relative lightness and saturation of the hues.

Many color theorists have said that three "pure" primary colors can mix "all possible colors". They think any failure of paints or inks to match this ideal performance is due to the impurity or imperfection of the colorants. But any three real "primary" colors of light, paint or ink can mix only a limited range of colors, which is always smaller than the full range of colors we can see.


Hurricane Nate

Hurricane Nate was a 2017 Atlantic hurricane. The storm developed on October 4, 2017. It was the costliest natural disaster in the history of Costa Rica. It caused heavy damage and fatalities in Central America while a tropical storm.

The storm became a hurricane while moving through the Yucatán Channel. Nate moved north-northwest at 29 miles an hour. It was the fastest-moving tropical cyclone ever recorded in the Gulf of Mexico. The hurricane later struck southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi as a Category 1 hurricane. Nate was the fourth hurricane in the year to strike the United States or its territories. That had not happened in 12 years.

Nate caused 16 deaths in Nicaragua, 14 in Costa Rica, 7 in Panama, five in Guatemala, three in Honduras, two in the United States and one in El Salvador. The number of people killed by Nate was 48. Damage from Nate was $787 million USD.

The name "Nate" was retired on April 11, 2018 for its damage and death toll. It was replaced with "Nigel" for the 2023 season.

Kim Heechul

Kim Hee-chul (born July 10, 1983)
, better known by the mononym Heechul, is a South Korean singer, songwriter, presenter, and actor. He is a member of South Korean boy group Super Junior and has further participated in its subgroup, Super Junior-T as well as project groups M&D with Kim Jung-mo and Universe Cowards with Min Kyung-hoon.

, he has four programs being broadcast: "Knowing Bros", "Life Bar", "1% Friendship" and "My Daughter's Men".

Kim Hee-chul was born in Hoengseong County, Gangwon Province, on July 10, 1983. He has one older Sister, Kim Hee-jin. Kim graduated from Sangji University with a bachelor's degree in informatics through Bachelor's Degree Examination for Self-Education.

In October 2002, he moved to Seoul in order to take part in the auditions held by S.M. Entertainment. he was cast in the "Starlight Casting System" and signed a contract with S.M. Entertainment and became an official trainee, being trained in areas of singing, acting, dancing, and other performing talents such as hosting and modeling. He was initially placed in a four-member group called "Four Seasons" along with Jaejoong, Yunho and Kangin. The project group was dropped when Yunho and Jaejoong joined TVXQ in early 2003. He was preparing to debut as the main vocalist of Trax, but during his trainee days he had frequent clashes and misunderstandings with the person in charge at S.M. at that time. Therefore, he became frustrated and abandoned his Trax debut and returned to his hometown in Gangwon Province. Later with Trax's Jungmo and Jay, TVXQ's Yunho and Donghae encouragement and positivity, he returned to S.M. He joined other trainees under S.M. Entertainment to form the group "Super Junior 05", the first generation of Super Junior.

His first acting role was in teen drama "Sharp 2 (Season 2)", co-starring labelmates Go Ara and Kibum on 2005 before the debut of Super Junior. Shortly afterwards, he appeared in an episode of the series "Loveholic" and was a regular MC for the cable music show "Show! Music Bank Tank". He also appeared in advertisements.

On November 2, 2005, "Super Junior 05" made their official debut as a twelve-member group on SBS's "Popular Songs", performing their first single "TWINS". Their debut album "SuperJunior05 (Twins)" was released on December 5 and debuted at number three on the monthly MIAK K-pop album charts.

In March 2006, S.M. Entertainment began to recruit new members for the next Super Junior generation. However, plans changed and the company declared a halt in forming future Super Junior generations. Following the addition of thirteenth member Kyuhyun, the group dropped the suffix "05" and became officially credited as Super Junior. The re-polished group's first CD single "U" was released on June 7, 2006, which was their most successful single until the release of "Sorry, Sorry" in March 2009.

Apart from Super Junior's activities, Heechul has acted in several television dramas. In 2005 he landed his first leading role in "Rainbow Romance" (2005–06) then played a supporting role in "Bad Family" (2006), "Golden Bride" (2007–08) and "Loving You a Thousand Times" (2009–10). He also appeared as a radio DJ on "SBS Power FM Youngstreet" with Park Hee-von until mid-2006.

On February 23, 2007, he debuted as part of Super Junior sub-group, Super Junior-T, performing trot single "Rokuko!!!". and made his film debut in "Attack on the Pin-Up Boys". He co-hosted SBS's weekly live music show as a substitute for Andy of Shinhwa, going on to become a permanent host with Ku Hye-sun (April 23, 2006 – February 18, 2007), Jang Keun-suk (February25 - October 7, 2007) and Song Ji-hyo (November 11, 2007 – May 4, 2008).

In May 2008, the S.M. Art Company was formed with Pyo In-bong as co-CEO, aiming to produce musical and theatre works. Its first production was of "Xanadu", playing the role of Sonny in rotation with bandmate Kangin. The production ran between September 9 - November 23, 2008 at the Doosan Art Center, Yeonji-dong, Seoul. Casting was carried out via a reality television programme, "To Be Kangin and Heechul." He also became a regular on the TV Programmes "8 vs 1" (2008), "Good Daddy" (2008–09) and "Band of Brothers" (2009).

In November 6, 2009, he released his first solo single, "First Star", as part of the OST for the drama "Loving You a Thousand Times". The song is written by Song Jong-ho and composed by Choi Myung-hoon.

In 2010, he returned as a radio DJ for the first time in four years on SBS's "Heechul's Young Street" from March 29, 2010 until mid-2011. In May 2010, he was added along with Jang Dong-min during a recording as the eighth member of the family on the series "Family Outing 2", but the show was cancelled two months later due to low ratings. The same year, his popularity skyrocketed when he became a regular cast member in "Radio Star", the main segment of MBC's "Golden Fishery" when Shin Jung-hwan was caught gambling. and won "Best Newcomer Award" awards at the 11th MBC Entertainment Awards.

In 2011, he formed a project group with label mate Jungmo of TRAX called M&D (meaning "Midnight and Dawn" or "Miari and Dangae-dong", after the members' hometowns). They released their debut single, "Close Ur Mouth". Heechul wrote the lyrics and directed the music video for the song, while Jungmo produced and performed the instrumental. Their first live performance was at Mnet’s summer awards ceremony 20’s Choice on July 7.

Kim Hee-chul carried out mandatory military service from September 1, 2011 to August 30, 2013. He served as a public service worker for 23 months after undergoing four weeks of basic training at the Nonsan military camp in Chungcheongnam-do. At the time that he enlisted, he had been appearing on KBS's "Secret" (시크릿) as well as the "Radio Star", for which bandmate Kyuhyun took over the role.

Shortly after he had completed his military service, he featured on Kim Jang-hoon's single "Breakups are So Like Me". During live performances of the song on "Music Bank" and "Show! Music Core", his part was performed by bandmates Yesung, Eunhyuk and Shindong. Also he wrote the lyrics of Orange Caramel's "Shanghai Romance" on October 13, 2011, which peaked at number eight on the Gaon Digital Chart.

On January 26, 2012, he hosted the radio program every Friday at the office of District Seong Dong, where he was serving his two-year mandatory military service. His first episode was broadcast on January 20 and had received 5,600 hits.
In September 2013, he became a regular cast member on the JTBC's variety program "Ssulzun (War of Words)" it was his first project after releasing from his mandatory military enlistment but on July 2014 he posted a photo in his personal Instagram account and poured his heart and thoughts regarding his last appearance in the program. In Heechul’s last recording for the show, he mentioned about having the pressure of talking about the people close to him.

In January 2014, he appeared on the "Global Edition" of MBC reality television programme "We Got Married", as an on-screen couple with Taiwanese girl group member Puff Guo. That year, he also played the role of a detective in the tvN drama "Flower Grandpa Investigation Unit". He returned to the Super Junior's line-up for the August performance at "Music Bank", marking the first time he, Leeteuk and Kangin have been together in the line-up since they each completed their military service.

In February 2015, the famous LoL team SK Telecom T1 sponsored a special match titled the "Celebrity League of Legends Invitational Event Match". SKT T-LoL invited various celebrities to join in a match against professional LoL gamers. The celebrity team including Heechul ultimately lost. He also appeared on OnGameNet’s "Pandora TV LoL Champions" on November 27, 2013 as a Special Commentator and Guest player.

In 2015, he became MC on entertainment programs such as Tvn's "The Demand of Luxurious Food", KBS's Fashion-beauty Show "A Style For You", O'live's Travel Show "MAPS", JTBC's variety show "Knowing Bros". and Korean-Chinese program "All the Way With You", The first Chinese variety that he was in charge since his debut in Korean entertainment in 2005. The same year, M&D released their first EP, "Cottage Industry" with the title track "I Wish" digitally on April 16 and physically on April 20. The title track was also written and composed by the duo., which peaked at number two on the Gaon album Chart.

With Super Junior on a temporary hiatus for much of 2016 due to the enlistment of four other members, he returned to hosting. In March 2016, Heechul was confirmed to become a temporary host for "Weekly Idol" until October 5, when Jeong Hyeong-don ended his 11-month break from television activities. On April 15, 2016 he released a duet with Wheein for SM Station. The single "Narcissus" was written by him and produced by Jungmo, and it was his first collaboration with a female artist. In early July 2016, M&D returned as "Kim Heechul & Kim Jungmo", with a second EP, "Goody Bag", and trot-rock title track "Ulsanbawi" on July 12.

In August 2016, he attended the ""League of Legends" Pro League 5th Anniversary" in China, which included the Regional Final with four Chinese teams competing for a spot in the World Championship. He also competed in a Korea vs. China celebrity showmatch in commemoration. On October 9, he appeared on OnGameNet as a special commentator for the "LoL World Championship". In November 2016, Heechul began participating in S.M. Entertainment's League of Legends tournament "2016 S.M. Super Celeb League", where he and labelmate Baekhyun played the game with both professional players and fans from South Korea and China.

In fall 2016, Heechul and Buzz member Min Kyung-hoon released a duet titled "Sweet Dream". The two stars are known as "Universe Cowards" when they promote music, which is a name they came up with for a "Knowing Bros" project group. The song proved successful, topping the South Korean Gaon Digital Chart an achievement known as "all-kill", making him the first Super Junior member to achieve "all-kill" in 2016. In 2017, "Sweet Dream" won a Best Rock Song at the MelOn Music Awards.

His career as a MC made a breakthrough after appearing on "Knowing Bros" and "Weekly Idol". The success of "Knowing Bros" in Korea brought him a new range of fans and is a large part of why the show is so popular. He was named as one of the Top 3 Idol MC's of 2016. After appearing on the show, he earned more recognition and received roles from other shows as MC — such as "Phantom Singer (Season 1)", "Secretly Greatly", "Lipstick Prince (Season 1, 2)."

Following the success of "Sweet Dream", in February 2018, Universe Cowards returned with "Falling Blossoms". It was composed by Lee Sang-joon and Cha Jil-won and features lyrics written by Min, which peaked at number 15 on Gaon Digital Chart. "Billboard" described it as "soft pop-rock tune that grows to a soaring, emotional cacophony" and complimented how their music video was one of the most inclusive music videos South Korea’s seen in some time.

He continued his successful work by participating in new programs "Idol School", "Life Bar (Season 2)", "My Daughter's Men" and "1% Friendship".

In March 2018, it was reported that Heechul would not be participating in music show performances of Super Junior latest comeback promotions due to health concerns, but would still participate in other promotions as normal.

On October 9, 2010, he created a personal Facebook account which received 5,000 friend requests within five minutes. He became a worldwide trending topic on Twitter for four days after the account's creation. Twitter published the list of top overall trends in 2010 and from this computation, he took the ninth place in the People Category.

In July, 2011, Lady Gaga appeared on 9th’s episode on KBS2’s Entertainment Weekly for an exclusive interview and mentioned that she was amazed by Heechul's imitation of her. He's appeared “Lady HeeHee” throughout Super Show 3, as well as SM Town in Paris. Lady Gaga has seen his imitation and praised him, saying: “He looks amazing!”

He is an in and outside South Korea. He has become one of the most in demand endorsers after his hit show Knowing Bros and his famous Picks Miwon CF. brands like App DdocDoc and Smilegate gained popularity after his video viewed more than million times on YouTube.

In 2017, he was selected as a model for G-Market with AOA's Seolhyun. in 2018, he was chosen to be the model for Mistral with Min Kyung-hoon.

On August 10, 2006, Heechul was involved in a car accident while heading back to Seoul from Mokpo after attending the funeral of fellow Super Junior member Donghae’s father. The tires malfunctioned while his car attempted to switch lanes. Heechul fractured his left leg in five places, including his femur, knee, and ankle, requiring him to be in surgery for ten hours. He also sustained other injuries, including a tear in his tongue which required stitches.

Heechul was advised to stop all activities for a period of twelve weeks. He was released from the hospital on September 13, 2006 but he continued to receive out-patient care. He returned to the hospital to have a second surgery to remove some of the iron rods in his leg on October 10 and briefly returned to work in late October to film the final three episodes of an MBC youth sitcom while still in a cast and on a wheelchair. He made his comeback on November 25 of the same year during the Mnet KM Music Festival. In late December Heechul officially returned to individual activities such as variety show appearances and hosting appearances.

In 2007, Heechul started to perform regularly despite still having a few rods that the doctors had attached to his leg. In late April and May 2007, he had recovered enough to be able to take part in Super Junior’s strenuous dance routines. The remaining rods in his leg were removed in 2008.

He's still receiving treatment, and can no longer dance on live stages, often only making sporadic appearances at the latter half of the song. It also contributes to him being a sub-rapper and vocals instead of a lead dancer.

Kevin Systrom

Kevin Systrom (born December 30, 1983) is an Dutch entrepreneur and programmer. He is best known as the co‑founder of Instagram along with Mike Krieger.

Jerry Doyle

Jerry Doyle (July 16, 1956 – July 27, 2016) was an American talk radio host, right-libertarian political commentator and television actor. He was the founder of the content platform EpicTimes. His nationally syndicated talk show, "The Jerry Doyle Show", aired throughout the United States on Talk Radio Network. As an actor, Doyle is known for his role as Michael Garibaldi in the science fiction series "Babylon 5" (1994–1998).


Forrest Mars Jr.

Forrest Edward Mars Jr. (August 16, 1931 – July 26, 2016) was an American billionaire businessman. He was the founder of Mars, Incorporated, the confectionery company.

In March 2015, "Forbes" estimated his wealth to be $26.8 billion up from US $11 billion in March 2010. In October 2012, the Bloomberg Billionaires List ranked Mars as the 31st richest man in the world with an estimated net worth of 20.1 billion.

Mars died at age 84 on July 26, 2016, in Seattle, Washington, of complications from a heart attack.

Pierre Fauchon

Pierre Fauchon (13 July 1929 – 25 July 2016) was a French politician. He was a member of the Senate of France from 1992 to 2011. He represented the Loir-et-Cher department and was a member of the Union for French Democracy Party. He was born in Avranches, France.

Fauchon died on 25 July 2016 at the age of 87.

Robert Fano

Roberto Mario "Robert" Fano (11 November 1917 – 13 July 2016) was an Italian-American computer scientist. He was a professor of electrical engineering and computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was born in Turin, Italy.

He was known principally for his work on information theory, inventing (with Claude Shannon) Shannon–Fano coding and deriving the Fano inequality. He also invented the Fano algorithm and postulated the Fano metric.

Fano died on 13 July 2016 at the age of 98.

Jerzy Bahr

Jerzy Artur Bahr (23 April 1944 – 25 July 2016) was a Polish diplomat. From 1997 to 2001 he was the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Poland to Ukraine, and from 2006 to 2010 he was Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Poland to the Russian Federation.

Bahr died of cancer on July 25, 2016 at the age of 72.

Carmen Hernández

María del Carmen Hernández Barrera (24 November 1930 – 19 July 2016) was a Spanish Roman Catholic catechist. She was the co-founder of the Neocatechumenal Way. She was born in Ólvega, Spain, but she moved with her family at a very young age to Tudela, Spain where she spent most of her childhood.

During this time, she met Kiko Argüello in Cursillo, and together they formed the Neocatechumenal Way in 1964.

Hernández died on 19 July 2016 in Madrid at the age of 85.

Mu Zi

Mu Zi (simplified Chinese: 木易; traditional Chinese: 木一; Pinyin "Mu' Zī"; born 9 January 1989 in Beijing) is a female table tennis player from China. She reached the 2nd place in the Mixed-Doubles at the World Championships 2009 and 2011.

Victor P. Whittaker

Victor Percy Whittaker (11 June 1919 – 5 July 2016) was a British biochemist. He pioneered studies on the subcellular fractionation of the brain. He did this by isolating synaptosomes and synaptic vesicles from the mammalian brain and demonstrating that synaptic vesicles store the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.

Whittaker died in Cambridge, England on 5 July 2016 at the age of 97.

David Huddleston

David William Huddleston (September 17, 1930 – August 2, 2016) was an American actor. An Emmy Award nominee, Huddleston had a prolific television career, and appeared in many movies including "Blazing Saddles", "Crime Busters", "" and "The Big Lebowski".

On August 2, 2016, Huddleston died of heart and kidney disease in Santa Fe, New Mexico at the age of 85.


Ivo Pitanguy

Ivo Hélcio Jardim de Campos Pitanguy (July 5, 1926 – August 6, 2016) was a Brazilian plastic surgeon. He was born in Belo Horizonte.

In 1953, he began working at a Brazilian hospital. On December 17, 1961, a burning circus tent fell on 2,500 spectators in the Brazilian city of Niterói. Pitanguy treated burn victims for weeks on an emergency basis. He later referred to the event as life changing, as it taught him that for many, physical appearance was critical to living.

Pitanguy died of a heart attack at his home in Rio de Janeiro on 6 August 2016, aged 90.


Vander Lee

Vander Lee (March 3, 1966 – August 5, 2016) was a Brazilian singer-songwriter. His songs were a fusion of rock, pop, and classical jazz. He was born in Belo Horizonte.

He began his career singing in bars and festivals in Belo Horizonte and cities of Minas Gerais. In 1987, he joined the band Morro Velho, and recorded an EP that was never released. He released his first album in 1997.

Lee died in Belo Horizonte on August 5, 2016 at the age of 50. The cause of death was a heart attack which came while at a spa. He was admitted to a hospital and underwent surgery.

Diamond Skulls

Diamond Skulls (also called Dark Obsession) is a 1989 British thriller drama movie. This movie was directed by Nick Broomfield. Broomfield also co-wrote the movie. "Diamond Skulls" includes the last performance by Ian Carmichael.

Lord Hugo Brockton is a young Englishman. He is the heir to a vast fortune. He is married to a woman named Virginia, or "Ginny" in short. Ginny seems devoted and loyal to Hugo. They have a young son. But Hugo is haunted by jealousy, as he imagines Ginny in the arms of a colleague. He begins spying on her. He gets angry over her supposed infidelity.

One night, after a social gathering with members of his British Army group, Hugo and his friends go out for a drive. He accidentally runs over a woman, who dies at the scene. All except one of his friends urge Hugo to drive on. In his drunk state of mind, Hugo had imagined himself running over Ginny.

Over the next few days, a psychological war takes place. Peter, who is Hugo's business associate, wants to use the cover-up to get power over the estate. A man named Jamie is dating Hugo's sister. He wants to go to police and report the incident. But Hugo's family closes ranks as Ginny and the rest side with Hugo. He fears his arrest and being sent to prison will hurt the family's reputation. When the police investigation closes in on Hugo, the power struggle leads to deadly consequences. 

At the end, Peter and Hugo murder Jamie and arrange to make it look like a suicide. They wish to make it look like it had been Jamie driving the car who killed the woman. They throw Jamie's dead body off a seaside cliff. The police believe the story and close the case. 


"Diamond Skulls" is rated NC-17 by the Motion Picture Association of America.

The movie was given two thumbs up by Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel. Other critics' reviews were mixed. The Los Angeles Times gave a positive review to the movie.

Note-taking

Note-taking (or note taking) is recording information taken from another source. By taking notes, the writer records the information, so they don't have to recall everything. It is an important skill for students. 

Notes are usually taken from a transient (temporary) source, such as an oral discussion at a meeting, or a lecture or even a passing thought. in these cases the notes may be the only record of the event. Notes of a meeting are usually called minutes.

Note taking is a form of self discipline.

There are many ways to take notes. Charting notes are used on topics with many different categories. Cornell notes are dvided into 3 sections: the keyword (important)/question section, the note section, and the summary on the bottom. Guided notes have the note taker fill-in-the-blanks.

Jamal Naji

Jamal Naji (1 November 1954 – 6 May 2018) was a Palestinian-born Jordanian author. He was born in Aqbat Jaber in the West Bank. He moved to Jordan in 1967. Naji published his first novel "The Road to Balharith" in 1981-82. He written several more novels as well as short story collections and television scripts. His recent novel "When the Wolves Grow Old" was shortlisted for the Arabic Booker Prize in 2010.

He was president of the Jordanian Writers Association from 2001 to 2003. He lived and worked in Amman, Jordan. He died on 6 May 2018 of a stroke at the age of 63.

Crosbie E. Saint

Crosbie Edgerton Saint (September 29, 1936 – May 7, 2018) was an American military official. He served in the United States Army as a four-star general. He served as Commander in Chief, U.S. Army Europe/Commander, Central Army Group (CINCUSAREUR/COMCENTAG) from 1988 to 1992.

Saint died on May 7, 2018 in Bethesda, Maryland of a stroke at the age of 81.

Mustafa Nur-Ul Islam

Mustafa Nur-Ul Islam (; 1 May 1927 – 9 May 2018) was a Bangladeshi academic. In 2011 he was honored as a National Professor of Bangladesh. He was awarded Ekushey Padak in 1981 and Independence Day Award in 2010 by the Government of Bangladesh.

Islam was the founder director of Bangladesh Shilpakala Academy, the Director General of Bangla Academy and the Chairman of Bangladesh National Museum. In 2011, he was appointed as a National Professor. He edited a literary magazine named 'Sundaram'. 

David Goodall (botanist)

David William Goodall (4 April 1914 – 10 May 2018) was a British-Australian botanist, activist and ecologist. Goodall was born in London. He was important in the early development of statistical methods in ecology, such as the study of vegetation. He was also a pro-euthanasia activist.

Goodall became a centenarian in April 2014. In the 2016 Australia Day Honours list Goodall was made a Member of the Order of Australia.

On 30 April 2018, Goodall said he wanted to end his own life in May of that year through assisted suicide. He died at a nursing center in Liestal, Switzerland on 10 May 2018 by euthanasia at the age of 104.

Don Blankenship

Donald Leon Blankenship (born March 14, 1950) is an American former business executive, convicted criminal and former candidate for the United States Senate in West Virginia in 2018. He was Chairman and CEO of the Massey Energy Company—the sixth largest coal company (by 2008 production) in the United States—from 2000 until his retirement in 2010.

A federal grand jury indicted Blankenship on November 13, 2014 for conspiracy to violate mandatory federal mine safety and health standards and conspiracy to impede federal mine safety officials.

Blankenship entered the Republican primary in the 2018 United States Senate election in West Virginia, challenging incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Joe Manchin. He was the front-runner of the election in the months before the election. President Donald Trump and United States Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell did not support Blakenship. He lost the Republican primary in May 8, 2018.

On October 20, 2019, Blankenship announced his candidacy for President of the United States in the 2020 election for the Constitution Party nomination.


Evgeni Vasiukov

Evgeni Andreyevich Vasiukov (, 5 March 1933 – 10 May 2018) was a Russian chess Grandmaster. He was born in Moscow.

During his career, he won the Championship of Moscow on six occasions (1955, 1958, 1960, 1962, 1972, and 1978) and scored many victories in international tournaments, such as Belgrade Open 1961, Moscow International 1961, East Berlin 1962, and Manila 1974.

Vasiukov was rarely at his best in Soviet Championship Finals, which were among the very toughest events in the world. Vasiukov never made the Soviet team for an Olympiad or a European Team Championship.

Vasiukov died of a heart attack on 10 May 2018 in Moscow at the age of 85.

Big Bully Busick

Nick Conrad Busick (June 1, 1954 – May 8, 2018) was an American professional wrestler and police officer. He was better known by his ring name Big Bully Busick. He was best known for his appearances with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) in 1991, where he played a bully from the 1920s with a "turtleneck, bowler hat and king-sized cigar".

Busick was also known for his appearances with Georgia All-Star Wrestling (GAF) and the Global Wrestling Federation (GWF).

In November 2012, the WWE listed Busick as having the best mustache in the Top 10 mustaches in WWE history.

Busick died of spinal cancer on May 8, 2018, in Weirton, West Virginia, where he was receiving hospice care at the age of 63.

Weirton, West Virginia

Weirton "(pron. WEER-ton)" is a city in Brooke and Hancock counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the city's population was 19,163.

Lorraine Hansberry

Lorraine Vivian Hansberry (May 19, 1930 – January 12, 1965) was an African-American playwright, essayist, journalist and activist. Hansberry was the first black female author to have a play performed on Broadway. Her best known work, the play "A Raisin In The Sun".

Hansberry died in New York City of pancreatic cancer on January 12, 1965 at the age of 34. Martin Luther King, Jr. and James Baldwin spoke at her funeral on January 15 in New York.

Hansberry was a playwriter of her time, becoming a cultural icon for many African Americans, and her legacy has been passed down through generations. 

Hansberry faced many encounters with racism, and that shaped how she created her plays. 


Stacy Martin

Stacy Martin (born 20 March 1990) is a French-English actress. She is best known for her role as the younger version of Charlotte Gainsbourg's character Joe in "Nymphomaniac". Martin also appeared as J. Paul Getty's secretary in Ridley Scott's "All the Money in the World". 

Martin was born in Paris. She lives in London with her partner Daniel Blumberg.

2018 North Korea–United States summit

The North Korea–United States summit was a planned meeting between the leaders of North Korea and the United States that took place on June 12, 2018 in Singapore.

The White House confirmed the meeting between President Donald Trump and Chairman Kim Jong-un on 8 March 2018. This was the first time that a sitting U.S. president met the leader of North Korea since the Korean War.

White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said that "in the meantime, all sanctions and maximum pressure must remain."

Kim talked about preparations for the meeting in remarks to the Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea on April 9.

On May 10, Trump announced that the summit will be held on June 12, 2018 in Singapore. It was announced after the release of 3 American hostages by North Korea.

Stopover, Kentucky

Stopover is an unincorporated community in Pike County, Kentucky, United States. It is at the junction of Kentucky Route 194 and Kentucky Route 2062 east of Phelps. Stopover had a post office with ZIP code 41568.

Don Blankenship, former CEO of Massey Energy, was born in Stopover.

Vocabulario de la Lengua Bicol

The Vocabulario de la lengua Bicol is a list of vocabulary of Bicol language collected by Marcos de Lisboa when he destined in Bicol Region, Philippines.

Shark finning

Shark finning is the act of removing fins from sharks. It is mostly done when shark is still alive. The sharks are sometimes thrown back to the ocean after removing their fins but they are still alive. since they are unable to swim properly, they sink to the bottom of the ocean and die of suffocation or are eaten by other predators. Shark finning at sea helps fishing vessels in increasing their profit. It also helps to increase the number of sharks harvested, as they only have to store and transport the fins, which is the most profitable part of the shark; the shark meat is bulky to transport. Some countries have banned this practice and require the whole shark to be brought back to port before removing the fins.

Shark finning increased since 1997 largely due to the increasing demand for shark fins. It is used in shark fin soup and traditional cures, particularly in China and its territories. The International Union for Conservation of Nature's Shark Specialist Group say that shark fin trade is causing a serious danger to the shark population. It estimates of the global value of the shark fin trade range from US$540 million to US$1.2 billion (2007). Shark fins are among the most expensive seafood products, commonly sold at US$400 per kg. In the United States, where finning is not allowed, some buyers regard the whale shark and the basking shark as trophy species, and pay $10,000 to $20,000 for a fin.

Siti Hasmah Mohamad Ali

Tun Dr. Siti Hasmah binti Haji Mohamad Ali (born 12 July 1926) is the wife of the 4th and 7th Prime Minister of Malaysia, Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad. She served as wife of the Prime Minister of Malaysia for 22 years from 1981 to 2003. She is the oldest living wife of a former Malaysian prime minister.

From 10 May 2018 until 24 February 2020, she was the wife of the Prime Minister again while also serving as a chancellor of the Multimedia University of Malaysia.

Siti Hasmah was born in Klang, Selangor, on 12 July 1926 in the family where her father works as a government officer. She has ten siblings where she is the sixth child. She is a Malay from a Minangkabau clan from Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.

Her high school is SMK St. Mary. She received her Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery degree (MBBS)from the University of Malaya,King Edward VII College of Medicine in Singapore.

After her study, she immediately joined the national health service of Malaysia. When her husband raised to power, she resigned to give full support to her husband.

She met her husband in college and they got married in 1956. They were blessed with seven children ; Marina, Mirzan, Melinda, Mokhzani, Mukhriz, Maizura and Mazhar. She mainly emphasised on improving public health and literacy, help with family planning and improve awareness of the dangers of drug abuse. 

She is the first Prime Minister of Malaysia's wife to receive a Tun-ship

Sirikit

Sirikit (; ; ; born "Mom Rajawongse" Sirikit Kitiyakara (; ) on 12 August 1932) is the queen mother of Thailand. She was the queen consort of King Bhumibol Adulyadej (or Rama IX) and is the mother of King Vajiralongkorn (or Rama X).

King Bhumibol Adulyadej met Sirikit in the 1940s. They married in 1950, shortly before Bhumibol's coronation. Sirikit was appointed queen regent in 1956. 

Vello Asi

Vello (Ergav-Vello) Asi (October 18, 1927 – November 20, 2016) was an Estonian interior architect, graphic designer and professor at the . Together with Väino Tamm, he has been one of the most important interior architects and representer of modernist interiors in Estonia since the late 1950s.

Born in Vana-Saaluse village in Saaluse rural municipality, Võrumaa. Bother parents were from Võrumaa, mother was a farmer and father was a craftsman.

Interest in arts started already in high school, where he began to design school wallpapers and leaflets. Even though his parents wanted him to continue studies in medecine at the University of Tartu, he decided to study interior architecture at . He graduated from Võru Secondary School No. 1 in 1948 and began studying at ERKI from the same year.

A significant part of his university projects is made up of copying historic furniture drawings. They were mostly made at the and the Peeter I  House Museum in Kadriorg. Interior and furniture design projects were also made for a cabin, a clubhouse, a small apartment. His graduation work was the interior design for the hall of Tallinn Polytechnic Institute.

From 1954-55, he worked in Tallinn at the national architecture design studio "". In the studio Asi`s tasks were primarily drawing architectural details, sections, plans and coloring them. 

Subsequently, he worked in the ARS institute from 1956-1964. During those years he completed several museum exhibition designs and he also belonged to the team of interior architects who in 1954-61 made a new interior design for the Estonian Pavilion of the USSR Economic Achievements Exhibition in Moscow. After working in ARS Vello Asi continued creating exhibition designs in Estonia, as well in Moscow, London, Ulaanbaatar. In addition to interior architecture, he also did graphic design and book design, most of which consists of designing Jaan Kross's books and several architecture related books.

His most important works express rationality and tectonic clarity: the Kurtna poultry farm (1967), the offices of the Writers' House in Tallinn (1963), the Tuljak (1967) and Tallinn cafes (1967-69), Karolina bar (1968; the last three with Väino Tamm), the Radio House studio (1965-77, with H. Oruve), the Viru hotel(1972, with V. Tamme and L. Raudsep, Nõuk, Estonian prize ) and interiors of the Pirita Marine Center Yacht Club and Press Center (1980).

One of his early career`s most important works are the Tallinn Writers' House offices (1963), most significantly the hall with the black ceiling. This was his minimalist and severe reaction to the existing 1950s official style that was more theatrical and festive. Although some have associated the black color with a strong symbolic shadow, Asi has acclaimed he chose the color primarily for practical reasons - to hide holes and dents of the ceiling. However, he was obliged to go to Moscow in order to justify the color choice as the bosses in Tallinn did not dare to give their signature to the project. In addition to the hall, Asi designed in the Writers' House the cabinets and its furniture.

            An important part of his work was born in collaboration with the interior designer and university schoolmate Väino Tamm. Together they created interior design for Valve Pormeister's architectural masterpieces - the cafe Tuljak and the Kurtna Poultry Farm Testing building. The patron of both buildings was Edgar Tõnurist. He wished that the Tuljak Cafe (1967) would be a self-service brasserie, with a terrace for barbecue and a terrace with fireplaces. The interior of the cafe had a long table along the wall and the room was filled with wood furniture.

          Tõnurist was also the patron for the main building of the Kurtna Poultry Farm Testing building, designed by Valve Pormeister. The interior design by Tamm and Asi is based on the architecture and complements it. Modernist interior design is important in the interior: furniture is not designed as a single object but rather as an architectural space element.

            In the 1960's, the life of the Old Town of Tallinn became active and new cafes and restaurants were born. Tamm and Asi designed several new cafes in Tallinn`s Old Town: Varietee and cafe Tallinn, wine bar Karoliina, and the restaurant Gloria. The Tallinn cafe (1967-1969) was located on the first floor of Harju Street 6, the Varietee stayed on the second floor. The cafe was filled with the no. 14 Thonet chairs. Tamm and Asi designed tables and a long banquet. The outdoor terrace was in the green area of ​​Harju Street. The Karolina Bar was designed in the former defensive fortress at the Freedom Square.

Tamm and Asi also made together the interiors for Tallinn's new Radio House, the new Pärnu theater, and the Tartu Vanemuine theater. The most important project was the (Henno Sepmann, Mart Port, 1972). Besides Tamm and Asi, the project was made by Loomet Raudsepp, Taevo Gans and Mait Summatavet. The most important feature of the interior architecture was its perfect harmony with exterior architecture. There was a similar use of materials and simple surfaces both indoors and outdoors. The vestibule was designed by Asi who covered the walls and floors with a dark ceramic tile. The furniture can be characterized by strict geometric volumes that are in perfect harmony with the shape of the room.

The design of the Tallinn Olümpia-Purjespordikeskus (Regati pst. 1) was led by Väino Tamm in 1975-80. The design tasks were divided between the interior architects team (Tamm, Asi, Aulo Padar, Juta Lember, Leo Leesaar). Vello Asi designed the dining room (with Leo Leesaare), the yacht club and the press section.




Egyptian Army

The Egyptian Army is the largest service branch in the Egyptian Armed Forces. The modern army was started by Muhammad Ali Pasha (ruled 1805–1849), the founder of modern Egypt. 

The most significant engagements by this army in the 20th century were in Egypt's five wars with the State of Israel (in 1948, 1956, 1967, 1967–1970, and 1973). In one of those wars, the Suez Crisis of 1956, the army also struggled against the forces of Britain, and France. 

The Egyptian army also engaged in the North Yemen civil war, and the brief Libyan-Egyptian War in July 1977. Its last major engagement was Operation Desert Storm, the liberation of Kuwait from Iraqi occupation in 1991, in this operation, the Egyptian army was the second-largest of the allied forces.

In 2014, the army had about 310,000 soldiers, approximately 90,000–120,000 of them are professionals, while the rest are conscripts.


Mohamed Aboutrika

Mohamed Aboutrika (; born 7 November 1978) is a retired Egyptian footballer. He was a second striker and attacking midfielder for two teams in Egypt, Tersana and El Ahly. He played for Baniyas in the United Arab Emirates.

Aboutrika came second in the "African Footballer of the Year" award in 2008. He was one of five nominees for the 2006 award, and one of ten nominees in 2013 for the award.

Aboutrika graduated from Cairo University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in philosophy. He is married and has children named Ahmed, Seif, and Roqaya.

Egypt U-23












Caelus

Caelus or Coelus was a god of the sky in Roman myth and theology and literature. Its name usually appears in masculine form when he is thought of as a male generative force. 

According to Cicero and Hyginus, Caelus was the son of Aether and Dies ("Day" or "Daylight"). Caelus and Dies were in this tradition the parents of Mercury.

List of members of the European Parliament for the United Kingdom (2014–2019)

The 8th European Parliament was elected across the European Union in the late days of May 2014 for the 2014-2019 session. The United Kingdom was apportioned to send 73 out of the 751 Member of the European Parliament (MEPs) that are listed below.

A non binding-referendum was held on 23 June 2016 to decide whether the UK should leave the EU (Brexit) or remain a member of it. With a majority of voters, 52%, in favour of Brexit, the British government has promised to leave the EU. It is not clear when the UK will effectively leave the EU, this process being unprecedented. Hence, it has not been clarified if these MEPs will remain in their seats until Brexit, if it happened before the subsequent European Parliament election, or if they would remain as MEPs until this Parliament is dissolved in 2019. In any event, if the UK had left the EU before the election of the 9th European Parliament, the mandate of the listed members would be ended on that date, regardless of the process of the Brexit negotiations.

The UK has representation with 73 of the 751 seats of the European Parliament with party contributions within political groups as follows:

"This table can be sorted by constituency, party or party group: click the symbol at the top of the appropriate column."



List of twin towns and sister cities in Switzerland

This is a list of places in Switzerland having standing links to local communities in other countries. In many cases, these completely ceremonial associations, especially when formalized by the local governments, are called by the fallacious name of "town twinning" – though other terms, such as "sister city" and "partner town" are far more accurate. While most of the places included in this list are cities or towns, the list also contains villages, districts, counties, cantons, provinces, etc. with similar links.

The list includes twin towns and sister cities ("Partnergemeinden", "Partnerstädte", "villes" ou "communes jumelles") of towns in Switzerland linked by a sister-city agreement ("Städtepartnerschaft" or "Gemeindepartnerschaft"; "jumelage de villes") or friendship agreements ("Freundschaft" or "amitié").

A few Swiss municipalities participating in projects arranged by the Swiss organizations "Patenschaft für Berggemeinden" ("Parrainage suisse pour communes de montagne") are included. The program arranges sponsorships of municipalities in the Swiss Alps by other Swiss municipalities. The twinning may be a private initiative (e.g. between Zürich and San Francisco) or an initiative of the city authorities.

Partial source (only Vaud):










Geneva does intentionally not have any particular "sister" tie with any city in the world. It declares itself related to the entire world.
















Clash Royale

Clash Royale is a freemium real-time strategy game developed and published by SOPer cell The game combines elements from collectible card games, tower defense games, and multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) games. The game was released globally on March 2, 2016. It reached $1 billion in revenue in less than 1 year. This game includes upgrading your cards and battling other players to reach victory. 

Gilles Deleuze

Gilles Deleuze (, "zheel duh-LOOZ"); 18 January 1925 – 4 November 1995) was a French philosopher. He wrote about philosophy, literature, movie, and art. His most popular books were the two parts of "Capitalism and Schizophrenia". The first part is called "Anti-Oedipus" (1972), and the second part is called "A Thousand Plateaus" (1980). Both books were written with his academic partner Félix Guattari. He also wrote "Difference and Repetition" (1968). Some people think that he is among the greatest philosophers. His work is considered very important in philosophy and art, including literary theory, semiotics, poststructuralism, and postmodernism.

Deleuze was born in Paris and lived there most of his life. He went to school during World War II and later studied philosophy and history at the University of Paris. He started teaching philosophy in 1948, and taught at several universities. He married Denise Paul "Fanny" Grandjouan in 1956.

Deleuze worked at the University of Vincennes in Saint-Denis from 1969 to 1987. There he became friends and worked with Michel Foucault and Félix Guattari.

He had a lung removed in 1968 because he had tuberculosis. It was difficult for him to breathe for the rest of his life. He died by committing suicide in 1995.

Destin Onka Malonga

Destin Onka Malonga (March 16, 1988 – July 31, 2016) was a Congolese football player. He was born in Brazzaville, Congo.

Malonga played professionally for MSP Batna in the Algerian Championnat National, before joined 2010 to French Division Honneur club AS Contres. After just one year left the club and signed for Avenir Foot Lozère.

Malonga died on 31 July 2016 at Vallon-Pont-d'Arc, Ardèche, France in a canoeing accident during pre-season club training.

Jean-Claude Wicky

Jean-Claude Wicky (28 January 1946 – 31 July 2016) was a Swiss photographer. He was noted for his series on Bolivian miners (1984–2001). He was born in Moutier, Switzerland.

His photos have been exhibited at the Swiss Foundation for Photography, the Musée de l'Élysée in Lausanne, and the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, as well as in magazines including "GEO" and "Smithsonian Magazine".

Wicky died on 31 July 2016 in Biel/Bienne, Switzerland at the age of 70.


Little Shop of Horrors

Little Shop of Horrors is an American rock musical comedy horror movie. It is directed by Frank Oz and was released in December 19, 1986.

This movie is about a geeky florist shop worker who finds out his Venus flytrap can speak. This movie was nominated for two Academy Awards, one for Best Visual Effects and another for Best Original Song.


James Alan McPherson

James Alan McPherson (September 16, 1943 – July 27, 2016) was an American essayist and short-story writer. He was born in Savannah, Georgia.

He was the first African-American writer to win the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, and was included among the first group of artists who received a MacArthur Fellowship. At the time of his death, McPherson was a professor emeritus of fiction at the Iowa Writers' Workshop.

McPherson died in hospice on July 27, 2016, in Iowa City, Iowa, due to complications of pneumonia. He was 72. 

Mahasweta Devi

Mahasweta Devi (14 January 1926 – 28 July 2016) was an Indian Bengali fiction writer and socio-political activist. Her notable literary works include "Hajar Churashir Maa", "Rudali", and "Aranyer Adhikar". She wrote over 100 novels and over 20 collections of short stories primarily written in Bengali but often translated to other languages.

Devi died of multiple organ failure on 28 July 2016, aged 90.

Ed Ross

Michael Edward "Ed" Ross (October 27, 1965 – July 30, 2016) was an American tintype photographer and lawyer. He was born in Ukiah, California and raised in Davis, California.

His photography work spanned 27 years. His last six years were devoted exclusively to wet-plate photography. His primarily focused on nude portraits and landscape photography.

Ross died on July 30, 2016, in a motorcycle accident on a mountain road near Yosemite National Park while on his way to photograph one of his favorite subjects, the Half Dome in Yosemite Valley.
Abogado de Accidentes de Carro en San Bernardino

Scott Hutchison

Scott Hutchison (20 November 1981 – 10 May 2018) was a Scottish singer-songwriter, guitarist and artist. He was the founding member and primary songwriter of the indie rock band Frightened Rabbit. Hutchison was also a member of the musical collective The Fruit Tree Foundation, and released one solo album under the moniker Owl John. 

His last musical project was the indie "supergroup" Mastersystem, featuring Frightened Rabbit bandmate and brother Grant alongside members of Editors and Minor Victories. 

Hutchison was reported missing by Scottish police and the members of Frightened Rabbit on 9 May 2018. Hutchison was last seen at 1 a.m. 9 May leaving a hotel in South Queensferry. Police discovered a body at 8:30 p.m. that evening in the Port Edgar region near South Queensferry.<ref name="bbc confirmation" /

Adam Parfrey

Adam Parfrey (April 12, 1957 – May 10, 2018) was an American journalist, editor, and the publisher of Feral House books. Parfrey co-founded Amok Press with Kenneth Swezey in New York in 1987. Amok's first release was an English translation by Joachim Neugroschel of Joseph Goebbels's novel "Michael."

The partnership of Parfrey and Swezey as Amok published nine books, including "You Can't Win", by Jack Black, "The Grand Guignol: Theatre of Fear and Terror", by Mel Gordon, and "Boxcar Bertha", with an Intro by Kathy Acker.

Parfrey died on May 10, 2018 at the age of 61.

Mikhail Alperin

Michail Jefimowitsch Alperin (Ukrainian: Миха́йло Юхи́мович Альпе́рін, 7 November 1956 – 11 May 2018) was a Soviet-Norwegian jazz pianist. He was known as a key member of the "Moscow Art Trio". He was born in Kamianets-Podilskyi, Ukrainian SSR. He has also worked with Huun Huur Tu. From 1993 to 2018 he lived in Oslo, Norway; he was professor of music at the Norwegian Academy of Music and he supervised pianist Helge Lien and Morten Qvenild among others. He released several works on ECM Records.

Alperin died on 11 May 2018 in Oslo of complications from aortic dissection at the age of 61.


Bobby Cannavale

Robert Cannavale (; ; born May 3, 1970) is an American actor. He is known for his leading role as Bobby Caffey in the first two seasons of the crime drama series "Third Watch". Cannavale also had a recurring role on the NBC comedy series "Will & Grace" as Will Truman's long-term boyfriend Officer Vincent "Vince" D'Angelo. He portrayed Gyp Rosetti during the third season of the HBO drama series "Boardwalk Empire".

He also starred in "Snakes on a Plane" (2006), "The Other Guys" (2010), Woody Allen's "Blue Jasmine" (2013), "Chef" (2014), "Spy" (2015), "Ant-Man" (2015), "" (2017) and "I, Tonya" (2017).

From 1994 to 2003, Cannavale was married to actress/screenwriter Jenny Lumet — director Sidney Lumet's daughter and performer Lena Horne's granddaughter — with whom he has a son, actor Jake Cannavale. Cannavale and Jake were cast as father and son in season four of "Nurse Jackie".

Since 2012, Cannavale has been dating actress Rose Byrne. Cannavale and Byrne's first child, Rocco Robin Cannavale, was born on February 1, 2016. He and Byrne had their second child together, a son called Rafa, in November 2017.

La Venganza de Cucamonga

La Venganza de Cucamonga is the sixth album by Cuca, a Mexican hard rock band originally from Guadalajara, Jalisco.

After a long hiatus from recording, Cuca returned in 2015 with this, their sixth album. Guitarist Alex Otaola replaced Galo Ochoa. The album was recorded, mixed, and mastered by Arturo 2T Perales at Oigo Studios in Guadalajara. The album received a 2015 Latin Grammy nomination. 

Singles include: "Arre Lulú", "Más Daño", and "En el Nombre del Rocanrol".




Ulla Sallert

Ulla Sallert (27 March 1923 – 11 May 2018) was a Swedish actress and singer. Sallert was born in Stockholm. She was known for roles in "Don't Give Up" (1947), "The Key and the Ring" (1949), "Hello Baby" (1976) and "Nils Karlsson Pyssling" (1990).

Sallert died in Stockholm on 11 May 2018 at the age of 95.

Captain (United States O-3)

In the United States Army (USA), U.S. Marine Corps (USMC), and U.S. Air Force (USAF), captain is a company grade officer rank, with the pay grade of O-3. 

It ranks above first lieutenant and below major. It is equivalent to the Rank of Lieutenant in the Navy/Coast Guard officer rank system. 


First Motion Picture Unit

The First Motion Picture Unit (FMPU), later 18th Army Air Forces Base Unit, was the movie production unit of the US Army Air Forces (USAAF) during World War II and was the first military unit made up of actors. It made more than 400 propaganda movies which were known for being informative as well as entertaining. These movies include "Resisting Enemy Interrogation", "" and "The Last Bomb"—all of which were released in theatres.

Veteran actors such as Clark Gable, William Holden, Clayton Moore, and Ronald Reagan and directors such as John Sturges served with the FMPU. The unit also produced training films and trained combat cameramen. FMPU personnel served with distinction during World War II.

"First Motion Picture Unit" is also the eponymous title of a 1943 self-produced documentary about the unit narrated by radio and television announcer Ken Carpenter.

Lake Maracaibo

Lake Maracaibo () is a large brackish tidal bay (or tidal estuary) in Venezuela. It is an "inlet of the Caribbean Sea". It is often called a lake rather than a bay or lagoon. In the north, a channel 55 km long connects it to the Caribbean Sea.

The lake is named after the city Maracaibo, which lies on the east side of this channel. In Maracaibo, this channel is about 8.5 km wide. General Rafael Urdaneta Bridge spans this channel. It is one of the longest bridges in the world.

The lake has a size of about by . 135 rivers flow into the lake. The biggest of them is Catatumbo River, which is 500 km long. Others include Escalante River and Chama River.

In the northern part of the lake, there is brackish water. The southern part of the lake is freshwater. There are many islands in the lake.

In most parts of the lake, the water is very shallow. For this reason, a canal has been built, so that oceangoing ships are able to access the ports of Maracaibo and Cabimas.

In 1914, crude oil was found in the lake, near Cabimas. The surrounding Maracaibo Basin contains large reserves of it; the lake is a major profit center for Venezuela. Almost a quarter of Venezuela's population live in the basin around the lake.

Lake Maracaibo is not very deep, on average, it only has a depth of . Its biggest depth is . Its water is very warm, usually . During the day, a lot of water evaporates from the lake. At night, the air around the lake cools down faster than the air over the lake. This leads to the formation of clouds. Because of the difference in temperature, thunderstorms are frequent. Large flocks of cattle graze in the area around the lake. Very often, they are hit by lightning. Lightning may also hit one of the many oil extraction facilities in the lake, which often catch fire.

This weather phenomenon is known as Catatumbo lightning. It regularly occurs at Lake Maracaibo and produces more lightning than any other place on the planet.

The environment of the lake has several problems. Part of the lake is infested with the duckweed "Lemna". Duckweed are plants that float freely on the water. The problem with "Lemna" is that it spreads very fast. Its cover of the water can double in 48 hours. The plants can only be removed physically. In mid 2004, about 18% of the lake was covered with it.

Duckweed is not toxic to fish, but it takes oxygen out of the lake as it decays. This kills fish. Though officials say the weed has not harmed fish yet, it is harming the local fishing industry. The plant clogs the motors of small boats, making it impossible for fishers to launch their vessels.

Duckweed also threatens the local ecosystem because it shades the lake: Other plants in the lake do not get enough light, and die off. In certain conditions, the weed may concentrate heavy metals and bacteria such as "Salmonella" and "Vibrio cholerae", the bacterium that causes cholera. Even though it causes many problems, the weed may also have some use: Duckweed can be treated to feed poultry, or to make paper.

The lake has other problems. Untreated sewage is released into it, and oil drilling operations cause pollution with crude oil.

Marina del Rey, California

Marina del Rey is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Los Angeles County, California, United States. The population was 11,373 at the 2020 census. The Marina, the world's largest man-made small craft harbor with eight basins having a capacity for 5,300 boats and is home port to about 6,500 boats.

George Pell

George Pell (8 June 1941 – 10 January 2023) was an Australian prelate of the Catholic Church. He became the inaugural Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy in 2014. He was born in Ballarat, Victoria. He was ordained in 1966. He was made cardinal by Pope John Paul II.

He served as the eighth Archbishop of Sydney (2001–2014), Archbishop of Melbourne (1996–2001), and Auxiliary Bishop of Melbourne (1987–1996). He was created a cardinal in 2003.

On 29 June 2017, Pell was charged in Victoria, Australia, with multiple historical sexual assault offences, and denied all charges. Pope Francis granted him leave to return to Australia to defend himself. Pell was committed to stand trial on the lesser charges, pleading not guilty.

On 7 April 2020, the High Court of Australia found Pell not guilty from his convictions and issued verdicts of acquittal. The Court's said that there was "a significant possibility that an innocent person has been convicted because the evidence did not establish guilt".

On 10 January 2023, Pell died due to cardiac arrest after having hip replacement surgery in Rome. He was 81.


Roger Mahony

Roger Michael Cardinal Mahony KGCHS (born February 27, 1936) is an American cardinal and retired prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.

Mahony served as Archbishop of Los Angeles from 1985 to 2011. Before his appointment as Los Angeles archbishop, he served as Auxiliary Bishop of Fresno from 1975 to 1980 and as Bishop of Stockton from 1980 to 1985.

In 2011, Mahony retired because he reached the age of 75 and was replaced by José Horacio Gómez.


Francis Arinze

Francis Arinze (born 1 November 1932) is a Nigerian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He is Prefect Emeritus of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments, having served as prefect from 2002 to 2008. 

He is the Cardinal Bishop of Velletri-Segni (succeeding Joseph Ratzinger, who became Pope Benedict XVI) since 2005. Arinze was one of the principal advisors to Pope John Paul II, and was thought "papabile" before the 2005 papal conclave, which elected Benedict XVI.

Newton, Kansas

Newton is a city in and the county seat of Harvey County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 18,602. Newton is north of Wichita. The city of North Newton is north of Newton.

Arthur Levitt

Arthur Levitt Jr. (born February 3, 1931) is an American journalist and politician. He was the twenty-fifth and longest-serving Chairman of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from 1993 to 2001. Since May 2001 he has been employed as a senior adviser at the Carlyle Group. Levitt previously served as a policy advisor to Goldman Sachs and is a Director of Bloomberg LP, parent of Bloomberg News.

William H. Donaldson

William Henry Donaldson (born June 2, 1931) is an American politician. He was the 27th Chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), serving from February 2003 to June 2005.

Donaldson served as Under Secretary of State for International Security Affairs in the Nixon Administration. He was a special adviser to Vice President Nelson Rockefeller, chairman and CEO of the New York Stock Exchange, and chairman, President and CEO of Aetna. Donaldson founded Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.

David Sturtevant Ruder

David Sturtevant Ruder (May 25, 1929 – February 15, 2020) was an American politician and professor Northwestern University School of Law, where he has served on the faculty from 1961 until his death, and where he served as dean from 1977 to 1985.

Ruder served as chairman of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from 1987 to 1989, and later practiced with the Chicago-based law firm Baker & McKenzie. He served as chairman of the Mutual Fund Directors Forum, an organization providing education to independent directors of mutual funds, from 2002 to 2010 and was the organization's chairman emeritus.

Gérard Genette

Gérard Genette (7 June 1930 – 11 May 2018) was a French literary theorist. He was born in Paris. His works were about the structuralist movement and such figures as Roland Barthes and Claude Lévi-Strauss. He adapted the concept of "bricolage". He was awarded the Officer of the Order of Arts and Letters in 2016.

After leaving the French Communist Party, Genette was a member of Socialisme ou Barbarie during 1957–8. Among other positions, Genette was research director at the École des hautes études en sciences sociales and a visiting professor at Yale University.

Genette died on 11 May 2018 at the age of 87.

Manchalloor

Manchalloor is a village near Pathanapuram in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.

Manchallor is a part of Pathanapuram assembly constituency in Mavelikkara (Lok Sabha constituency). Shri. K. B. Ganesh Kumar is the MLA of Pathanpuram. Shri.Kodikkunnil Suresh is the current member of parliament of Mavelikkara.

Manchalloor is a small village on the border of Pathanapuram and Thalavoor panchayats. It is divided by the Kallada River. Manchalloor is a junction in the Pathanapuram-Kottarakkara road. It connects places Kundayam, Nedumparampu, etc. Pidavoor bridge is a main landmark of Manchalloor.

Malayalam is the native language of Manchalloor.

Yeroor

Yeroor is a village near Anchal, Kollam district, Kerala, India.

Yeroor is a part of Punalur assembly constituency in Kollam (Lok Sabha constituency). Shri. K. Raju is the current MLA of Punalur. Shri.N. K. Premachandran is the current member of parliament of Kollam.

Manappally

Manppally is a small village in Kollam district, Kerala, India. It is located near Thazhava.

Manappally is a part of Karunagappally assembly constituency in Alappuzha (Lok Sabha constituency). Shri. R. Ramachandran is the current MLA of Karunagappally. Shri. K. C. Venugopal is the current member of parliament of Alappuzha.

There are some worship centres in Manappally. St. Mary's Salem Orthodox Church is an example for it.

Kundayam

Kundayam is a village in Kollam district, Kerala state, India. It is located near Pathanapuram.

Kundayam is a part of Pathanapuram assembly constituency in Mavelikkara (Lok Sabha constituency). Shri. K. B. Ganesh Kumar is the current MLA of Pathanpuram. Shri. Kodikkunnil Suresh is the current member of parliament of Mavelikkara.

Panampatta

Panampatta is a village near Pathanapuram in Kollam district, Kerala state, India.

Panampatta is a part of Pathanapuram assembly constituency in Mavelikkara (Lok Sabha constituency). Shri. K. B. Ganesh Kumar is the current MLA of Pathanpuram. Shri. Kodikkunnil Suresh is the current member of parliament of Mavelikkara.

Panampatta is a small village in Thalavoor panchayat. Panampatta is junction in Pathanapuram-Kottarakkara road. It connects places such as Karyara, etc. Vellangadu bridge is one of the main landmark of Panampatta.

National Association of Broadcasters

The National Association of Broadcasters (NAB) is a trade association and lobby group representing the interests of commercial and non-commercial over-the-air radio and television broadcasters in the United States. The NAB represents more than 8,300 radio and television tsations as well as broadcast networks.

As of 2015, the president and CEO of the NAB is Gordon Smith, a former United States Senator from Oregon.

The NAB was founded as the National Association of Radio Broadcasters (NARB) in April 1923 at the Drake Hotel in Chicago. 

University of Sarajevo

The University of Sarajevo (Bosnian: Univerzitet u Sarajevu / Универзитет у Сарајеву) is a public university in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is the largest and oldest university in the country.

With 20 faculties, three academies and three faculties of theology and with 30,866 enrolled students as of 2014, it ranks among the largest universities in the Balkans in terms of enrollment. Since opening its doors in 1949, a total of 122,000 students received bachelor's degrees, 3,891 received master's degrees and 2,284 received doctorate degrees in 45 different fields. It is now widely regarded as the most prestigious university in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and employs more than one thousand faculty members.

The main objective of all the university's current activities is to raise the quality of studies, to create a contemporary university of European origins, which will be a respectable representative of Bosnia and Herzegovina on the international level and a promoter of the traditional, historical, cultural, scientific and artistic values of the country, and Southeastern Europe.

The University comprises 32 faculties, academies and colleges, further subdivided into 6 academic groups, and an additional number of other programs:






Rasmussen Reports

Rasmussen Reports is an American polling company, which was founded in 2003. The company works with the collection, publication, and distribution of public opinion polling information.

Rasmussen Reports conducts nightly tracking, at national and state levels, of elections, politics, current events, consumer confidence, business topics, and the United States president's job approval ratings.

California Highway Patrol

The California Highway Patrol (CHP) is a law enforcement agency of the state of California. The purpose of the CHP is to ensure safety and enforce traffic laws on all California highways and unincorporated areas within the state of California. The CHP promotes traffic safety by inspecting commercial vehicles, as well as inspecting and certifying school buses, ambulances, and other specialized vehicles.

People's Park (Berkeley)

People's Park in Berkeley, California is a park located off Telegraph Avenue. It bounded by Haste and Bowditch streets and Dwight Way, near the University of California, Berkeley. 
The park was created during the radical political activism of the late 1960s.

Stanley Falkow

Stanley Falkow, PhD, (24 January, 1934 – 5 May, 2018) was an American microbiologist and a professor of microbiology and immunology at Stanford University School of Medicine. He was known for his study of how infectious microbes and host cells interact to cause disease at the molecular level. He created molecular Koch's postulates, which have guided the study of the microbial determinants of infectious diseases since the late 1980s.

Falkow died on May 5, 2018 at the age of 84 at his home in Portola Valley, California of complications from myelodysplastic syndrome.

Eurasian collared dove

Collared doves (Eurasian collared dove, "Streptopelia decaocto") are relatively small and slim doves. Males and females look alike, with a pastel buff/grey body with pink accents and slightly darker grey on their wings and tail. It is about 32 cm long. They nest near inhabited buildings for preference.

This dove is hugely successful in the present-day world. It is one of the great colonisers of the bird world. It has travelled far beyond its original range to colonise colder countries. It is now a permanent resident in several of these northern countries. The species has also colonised much of North America. In Asia it is thought of as the "“National dove of Pakistan”" respectively.

Antonio Mercero

Antonio Mercero Juldain (7 March 1936 – 12 May 2018) was a Spanish movie and television director and screenwriter. He was born in Lasarte-Oria, Spain.

Mercero was best known as the director of a 1972 surrealist short horror movie titled "La cabina". He won an Emmy Award. His 1998 movie "A Time for Defiance" was entered into the 21st Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Silver St. George.

In 2010 he was awarded a Honorary Goya Award (Goya de Honor).

Mercero died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on 12 May 2018 in Madrid at the age of 82.


Hossam Hassan

Hossam Hassan Hussein (; born 10 August 1966) is an Egyptian retired footballer. He played as a striker. He is the current manager of Al-Masry in the Egyptian Premier League.

He is known for being a goalscorer, he is Egypt's all-time top scorer. He scored 70 goals in 169 matches. His twin brother Ibrahim also played professional football. They played in the same team for most of their careers.

Hassan played in the 1990 World Cup and seven Africa Cup of Nations tournaments.

Al Ahly

Al Ain

Zamalek

Egypt


Nikah

Islamic law has the concept of marriage called Nikah (نكاح). Normal marriages do not end, unless they are divorced. In addition, there is a marriage for a given time, called Nikah Mut'ah. Sunni Islam does not recognize Nikah Mut'ah; they say it is a legitimisation of prostitution. Despite this, some Sunni schools of law have developed similar concepts. 

In Nikah, both husband and wife are asked three times for consent. The consent of the bride is compulsory in Islam.

Reykjavík University

Reykjavík University (RU; ) is the largest private university in Iceland. The university has more than 3,500 students.


Richard Fagan

Richard Fagan (April 24, 1947 – August 5, 2016) was an American songwriter and musician. He had six top ten singles and 18 charted singles on the Billboard Country charts. Fagan's songs have been recorded by Neil Diamond, George Strait, John Michael Montgomery, Clay Walker, Ricochet, Hank Williams, Jr., George Jones, Shania Twain, Patty Loveless, Collin Raye, Shenandoah, The Crickets, Jason & the Scorchers, The Blues Brothers Band and many others.

In 1979 his song "The Good Lord Loves You" was recorded by Neil Diamond and released on the "September Morn" album. The song charted in the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at number 67 in April 1980.

Fagan died on August 5, 2016 in Nashville of liver cancer at the age of 69.

Block

Block or blocked may refer to:


















Artur Correia

Artur Manuel Soares Correia (18 April 1950 – 25 July 2016) was a Portuguese footballer. He played as a right back.

Nicknamed "Ruço", he amassed Primeira Liga totals of 234 games and four goals during 12 seasons, representing Académica, Benfica and Sporting, winning eight major titles with the second club including five national championships. He also spent two years in the United States, with the New England Tea Men.

Correia was a Portugal international for seven years, making his debut in 1972.

On 20 July of the following year, he suffered a second stroke that put him in a coma, and after five days in critical condition he died at the age of 66.



Domiati

Domiati cheese, or white cheese (), is a soft white cheese made in Egypt. It is also made in Sudan and other countries in the Middle East. It is made from buffalo milk, cow milk, or both of them. it can also be made from other milks, such as sheep, goat or camel milk. It is the most common Egyptian cheese. It is named after the city of Damietta (or Domyat).

Mate Rimac

Mate Rimac is a Croatian inventor and entrepreneur. He started the Croatian car company Rimac Automobili in 2009.

As a child, he dreamed of building the fastest car. He said that he wanted to bring automotive manufacturers to Croatia. Forbes Magazine named Rimac one of the ""Top 30 Under 30"." the list includes the 30 best entrepreneurs under the age of 30 in the world, in 2017. In the same year, Rimac became the Croatian Entrepreneur of the Year. In 2018, Mate Rimac received an honorary doctorate from Juraj Dobrila University of Pula.




Pennzoil 400 (Las Vegas)

The Pennzoil 400 is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race. It is held every year at Las Vegas Motor Speedway in Las Vegas, Nevada, it is first of two races on the Cup Schedule. (The other one is the South Point 400 in the NASCAR playoffs,) The first Pennzoil 400 race was in 1998.

The winners receive a championship belt instead of a trophy. The race was part of the No Bull 5 challenge from 1999 to 2002.

Since this race started, it has had different sponsors. Each sponsor changed the name of the race.



Dennis Nilsen

Dennis Andrew Nilsen (23 November 1945 – 12 May 2018) was a British serial killer and necrophile. He murdered at least 15 young men in a series of killings committed between 1978 and 1983 in London, England. He was convicted of six counts of murder and two of attempted murder at the Old Bailey, Nilsen was sentenced to life imprisonment on 4 November 1983, with a recommendation that he serve a minimum of 25 years. He was born in Fraserburgh, Aberdeenshire.

In his later years, he was incarcerated at HM Prison maximum security prison in Full Sutton in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. He died there on 12 May 2018 at the age of 72.


Kevin Tierney

Kevin Tierney (August 27, 1950 – May 12, 2018) was an Irish-Canadian movie producer and screenwriter. He co-wrote and produced the most popular Canadian movies at the Canadian box-office, "Bon Cop, Bad Cop", for which he earned a Genie Award for Best Motion Picture in 2007. He was a former Vice-Chair of the Academy of Canadian Cinema & Television and former Chair of the Board of Cinémathèque québécoise’s Board of Directors.

Tierney has also produced other titles including "Varian's War", "One Dead Indian", "Good Neighbours" and "Twist".

Tierney died in Montreal, Quebec on May 12, 2018 of cancer at the age of 67.

Maria Lourdes Sereno

Maria Lourdes Aranal Sereno (born Maria Lourdes Punzalan Aranal; July 2, 1960) is a Filipino lawyer and judge. She was the "de facto" Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 2012 until her removal from office on May 11, 2018. 

Sereno was removed from office by way of "quo warranto" by Supreme Court in an 8–6 decision, removing her appointment as Chief Justice in 2012 null and void. Her removal was controversial because it was carried out by the Supreme Court, which some said was not in accordance with the constitution.

Bluefield, West Virginia

Bluefield is a city in Mercer County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 9,658 at the 2020 census. Bluefield is located at (37.262219, -81.218674) in the Appalachian Mountains of West Virginia across the state border from Bluefield, Virginia.

Come Home to Mama

Come Home to Mama is the third album by Martha Wainwright. It was released on October 15, 2012.

I Know You're Married But I've Got Feelings Too

I Know You're Married But I've Got Feelings Too is the second album by Martha Wainwright. It was first released in Australia on May 10, 2008.

All songs were written by Wainwright, except where noted.




We Are Born

We Are Born is the fifth studio album by Sia Furler. It was released on June 18, 2010. The album was produced by Greg Kurstin.

All tracks were produced by Greg Kurstin.

Some People Have Real Problems

Some People Have Real Problems is the fourth studio album by Australian singer Sia Furler. It was released in 2008.

All tracks produced by Jimmy Hogarth.

Slender Man stabbing

On May 31, 2014, in Waukesha, Wisconsin, United States, 12-year-olds Anissa Weier and Morgan Geyser stabbed their friend Payton Leutner. They tried to kill her in the woods to impress the internet character Slenderman, so that way he would not kill their families and allow them to become his servants. She survived, and was found by a cyclist.

Weier was sentenced to up to 25 years in a mental hospital, and Geyser was sentenced to up to 40.

Kasamh Se

Kasamh Se is an Indian television soap opera. It was produced by Ekta Kapoor of Balaji Telefilms. The soap opera aired on Zee TV. From 16 January 2006 through 12 March 2009, on Monday through Friday.
The story is about three sisters: Bani, Pia and Rano.

Randalummoodu

Randalummoodu is a village near Kottarakkara in Kollam district, Kerala state, India.

Randalummoodu is a part of Pathanapuram assembly constituency in Mavelikkara (Lok Sabha constituency). Shri. K. B. Ganesh Kumar is the current MLA of Pathanpuram. Shri. Kodikkunnil Suresh is the current member of parliament of Mavelikkara.

Randalummoodu is a small village in Thalavoor panchayats. Randalummodu is junction in Pathanapuram-Kottarakkara (via Kura) road. It connects places Kura, etc. Randalummoodu junction is a main part of Randalummodu.

Panaveli

Panaveli is a small village in Kollam district, Kerala state, India.

Panaveli is a part of Kottarakkara assembly constituency in Mavelikkara (Lok Sabha constituency). Smt. Aisha Potty is the current MLA of Kottarakkara. Shri. Kodikunnil Suresh is the current member of parliament of Mavelikkara. Panavei is a part of Vettikkavala panchayat and part of Vettikkavala Block Panchayat. CPM, INC, CPI, BJP, KC(B) etc are the major political parties.

Panaveli is a small village near Kottarakkara.

Vilakkuvettom

Vilakkuvettom is a village situated near Punalur in Kollam district, Kerala state, India.

Vilakkuvettom is a part of Punalur assembly constituency in Kollam (Lok Sabha constituency). INC, CPM, CPI, BJP etc are the major political parties.

Malayalam is the native language of Vilakkuvettom.

Kandachira

Kandachira is a village near Kollam in Kollam district, Kerala state, India.

Manchallor is a part of Eravipuram assembly constituency in Kollam (Lok Sabha constituency). Shri. M. Noushad is the current MLA of Eravipuram. Shri.N.K. Premachandran is the current member of parliament of Kollam.

Kandachira is a village in Panayam panchayat in Kollam district. It is in Kandachiramudi of Ashtamudi Lake. Kandachira is in the south of Panayam panchayat. Kandachira bridge is a main landmark of Kandachira. The bridge connects places Kandachira, Kilikollur, and Chathinamkulam. 

Perinad is the nearest railway station of Kandachira. The railway line to Kollam is passes through Kandachira.

Kannanalloor

Kannanalloor is a village in Mukhathala block panchayat in Kollam district, Kerala state, India.

Kannanalloor is a part of Kundara assembly constituency in Kollam (Lok Sabha constituency). Shri. J. Mercykutty Amma is the current MLA of Kundara. Shri.N. K. Premachandran is the current member of parliament of Kollam. CPM, INC, RSP, etc are the major political parties.

Kannanalloor is a small village in Thazhuthala panchayat. It is 13 km from Kollam, 2 km from Mukhathala and 62 km from Thiruvananthapuram. Kannanalloor is a border of Thiruvananthapuram-Kollam districts. It connects places Mylakad, Nedumpana, Kottiyam, Palathara, Adichanalloor, etc.

Malayalam is the local language of Kannanalloor.

Neduvannoor

Neduvannoor is a village near Pathanapuram in Kollam district, Kerala state, India.

Neduvannoor is a part of Pathanapuram assembly constituency in Mavelikkara (Lok Sabha constituency). Shri. K. B. Ganesh Kumar is the current MLA of Pathanpuram. Shri.Kodikkunnil Suresh is the current member of parliament of Mavelikkara. INC, CPM, BJP etc are the major political parties.

Neduvannoor is a small village in Thalavoor panchayats. Neduvannoor is a junction in Pathanapuram-Kottarakkara road. It connects places Avaneeswaram, etc. Neduvannoor (Avaneeswaram) bridge is a main landmark of Manchalloor.

Malayalam is the native language of Neduvannoor.

Pathanapuram Block Panchayat

Pathanapuram Block Panchayat is a Block Panchayat in Kollam district, Kerala state, India. The headquarters of this block panchayat is in Pidavoor, Pathanapuram.

There are six Grama Panchayats in Pathanapuram Block Panchayat:

Pathanapuram block panchayat office location

Umayanalloor

Umayanalloor is a village in Kollam district, Kerala state, India. It is located near Mayyanad.

Umayanalloor is a part of Eravipuram assembly constituency in Kollam. Shri. M. Noushad is the MLA of Eravipuram. Shri.N. K. Premachandran is the member of parliament of Kollam.

Umayanalloor is a village Mayyanad panchayat. Umayanalloor is a junction in the Kollam-Thiruvananthapuram road (part of NH-47). It connects places Kottiyam, etc.

Malayalam is the native language of Umayanalloor.

There are many educational institutions in Umayanalloor. There is an LP School in Vazhappalli. An un-aided LP school namely Rose Dail, AKMHS, B.Ed college, Cherupushpam LPS, PVUPS, Eega study centre, etc are some of the educational institutions in Umayanalloor.

Rice and milk-production are the main farming sectors here. Cashew nut production is also seen here.

Branches of Umayanallor Service Co-operation Bank, Federal Bank, Muthoot Finance, etc are in Umayanalloor.

There are many cashew nut factories in Umayanalloor. Umayanalloor Industrial Estate is an industrial park. There are also some ice cream factories here.

There are many worship centres in Umayanalloor. BalasubramanyaSwami Temple, Umayanalloor, Durgapuri Sree Madankovil Temple, Pannimon, Umayanalloor Masjid, Amalothbhava Matha Church, etc are some of them.

Alappad

Alappad is a coastal village in the Kollam district, Kerala, India. It is small land between the Arabian Sea and the TS Canal.

Alappad village is a ward of the Alappad panchayat consists of various wards/places such as Srayikkadu, Azheekkal, Kuzhithura, Parayakadavu, Cheriazheekkal, Pandarathuruthu.

Portions of the village were damaged during the 2004 tsunami. Many people died. After the tragedy, the state government realized the need for more bridges, and constructed one bridge at northern Azheekal, and another one at Cheriyazhekkal.

Temples act as places of worship, and temple committees play a crucial role in temple administration and festivals which play important role in social life.

Mata Amritanandamayi, renowned Hindu Sanyasin, spiritual leader and philanthropist was born in Parayakadavu. Mata Amritanandamayi Math is in Parayakadavu.



Ochira

Oachira is a town in Karunagappally taluk, Kollam district in Kerala, India.

Oachira is one of the famous holy places of Kerala and in India. Oachira is on the border of Kollam District and Allappuzha District. 
The famous temple of Para Brahmam (OMkaram) is located here.

The major annual festivals are "Oachira Kali" or "Oachirakali" and the twelve-day Panthrandu Vilakku , which is held in November/December. Oachira Kali is celebrated in commemoration of the battle of Kayamkulam, fought between Marthanda Varma, the Maharaja of Travancore and the Raja of Kayamkulam. It is a mock fight enacted between groups of men dressed as warriors on the "padanilam" (battlefield). 

Yet another festival celebrated in Oachira Temple is the "Irupathiyettam Onam" (Thiruvonum in the month of Kanni). It is considered the Onam of cows and bulls and is celebrated on Thiruvonam. These concepts are related to "Shiva Vahana".

Eminent cartoonist Shankar hails from near Oachira. The government of Kerala paid a tribute to him, in the form of a museum in memory of the country’s best known and most revered political cartoonist,near his birthplace Oachira. Kerala Lalithakala Akademi was behind the ambitious projec,which costs an estimated initial cost of Rs. 3. 5 crore which spreads over 15,000 sq.ft. of land.

To reach Oachira, by air, the nearest airports are Trivandrum International Airport and Cochin International Airport. By rail,Oachira and Kayamkulam Jn. is nearest station

RVSM Higher Secondary School, situated at Prayar is the oldest and biggest educational institution in Oachira. Oachira Govt. Higher Secondary School is another famous educational institution. PRAGATHI Hindi Vidyalay is a famous Hindi college



People's Liberation Army of Turkey

People's Liberation Army of Turkey (THKO) was an armed underground far-left movement in Turkey. It was founded at the Middle East Technical University in Ankara, Turkey in 1970 by six people: Hüseyin İnan, Yusuf Aslan, Sinan Cemgil, Deniz Gezmiş, Taylan Özgur and Cihan Alptekin.

THKO thought it was impossible to struggle for independence and democracy within the present Turkish legal framework. They planned peaceful methods of struggle in Turkey. The organization struggled for what they called a "National Democratic Revolution". One of the main goals was to "rid Turkey of all things American". 

The main thesis of THKO were:

THKO was shut down in 6 May 1972. The founders were executed. The execution was accepted by 273 votes to 48 votes out of 450 total votes in the parliament.

Damietta

Damietta is a city at the estuary of the Nile, in Egypt. Its name in Arabic is transilterated as Domyat (دمياط).It is an important port, about from the Mediterranean. It is the capital city of the Damietta governorate. In 2018, over 300.000 people lived in the city. In modern times, the Nile Delta is made of two branches, which start in Cairo. the Rosetta branch to the west, and the Damietta branch to the east. 

Jim Ratcliffe

Jim Ratcliffe (James Arthur Ratcliffe, born 18 October 1952) was the richest man in
the UK in 2010. He is the son of a joiner (a type of carpenter).

The British billionaire is a chemical engineer who became a financier and industrialist. Ratcliffe founded the Ineos chemicals group in 1998, which now has an annual turnover of $44 billion. He is its chairman and chief executive officer. Ratcliffe still owns two-thirds of the company.

This is the first time since 2003 that a British-born person has topped the Sunday Times Rich List. In 2003 the former Duke of Westminster had topped the list.

Sooranad

The village is part of Kunnathur Taluk, in Kerala's Kollam District and on the border of the Kollam, Pathanamthitta and Allappuzha Districts. Sooranad North and Sooranad South are together known as Sooranad and have their own local panchayats. Sooranad North covers an area of and is from Sasthamcotta, from Kollam, from the state capital Thiruvananthapuram and from Karunagappalli, which is the nearest city. Sooranad North's Pin Code is 690561.

The main occupations are cashew nut processing, manufacture tiles and burnt bricks. Many people in Sooranad have set up their own shops. Some came back to the agricultural field while many left.

Government High School of Sooranadu, Santhinikethan Model High School, R.K.U.P.S., Govt.L.P.S anayadi, T.D.B Central School, Chakkuvally Government School, GHSS Sooranad.

The Sooranad gramodhaarana service co-operative bank is the major bank in this region.

Padmasri Dr. Sooranad Kunjan Pillai, Barrister N. Padmanabha pillai, Late Vaiankara Madhusoodanan, Nelson Sooranad are some of the famous people in this region.

A tributary of the Kallada River flows through this village as well as the Pallikkal River. There are many markets in Sooranad such as Kannamath chandha, Vayyankara chantha, and Parakkadavu chantha.

There are many temples in Sooranad including Kumaranchira temple, Komalavalleeswaram temple, Anayadi narasimha moorthy temple, Azhakiyakavu sree kurumba kaalli devi temple, Puthiyakavu Temple, kalarivathukkal temple, Sree narayana puram temple and Puthiyidam Krishnaswami temple, Kunniradathu malanada and Ponal Kalari Shree Bhuvaneswari Temple. Anayadi narasimhamoorthi temple and anayadi puthiyidam krishnaswamitemple and only Shanideva temple of Kerala is in Sooranad North and not far from the Sooranad Rakthasakshi Mandapam.

Mynagappally

Mynagappally is a village in Kollam district, Kerala, India.

The village is under the leadership of LDF Party. The Mynagappally Panchayath President is Smt P K Jayalekshmi. The Vice President is Sri.Reghunathan pillai

Sasthamcotta railway station is in this village.

The major jobs are regarding to cashew factories, brick manufacturing, tile manufacturing, coir industry and matchbox industry.

Kafr Saad

Kafr Saad () is a city in Damietta Governorate in Egypt. It is in the North East of the Nile Delta.

Sasthamkotta

Sasthamkotta is a village in the Kunnathoor, Kollam district, Kerala, India. Kunnathoor taluk headquarters is located at Sasthamkotta. Sasthamkotta Lake is the largest fresh water lake in Kerala.

The place is naturally beautiful and is surrounded by hills and valleys. The major feature of this region is the fresh water lake.

One of the features of Sasthamcotta temple is the many monkeys that camp around. Because of that Sasthamcotta is famous for Monkeys.

Sasthamkotta railway station is the major train station here.


Poruvazhy

Poruvazhy is a village in Kollam district, Kerala, India.

The Poruvazhy Peruviruthy Malanada Temple is in this village.

 India census, Poruvazhy had a population of 27,689 with 13,466 males and 14,223 females.

Kunnathur, Kerala

Kunnathur is a village in Kollam district in, Kerala, India. The capital of Kunnathur taluk is Nediyavila. Kunnathur is the smallest taluk in Kerala.

Kunnathur consists of the regions of Nediyavila, Manampuzha, Puthanambalam, Iverkala, Panamthoppu, Ezhammile, Thuruthikkara, Muthupilakadu, Bharanicavu, Patharam, Chakkuvally, Sasthamcotta, Anjilmood, Ics, Mynagappally, Venga,Kovoor, Vilanthra,
Karalimukk, Kangattu, Kadapuzha Bridge, and Chittumala, etc.

Kunnathur has several Hindu temples like Nediyavila Devi temple, Kokkamkavu Durga Devi temple, Puthanambalam Devi temple, Thalappil Devi temple, Kumaranchira Devi Temple, Karimpinpuzha Shiva temple and Malanada [duriyodhana] temple. There are also churches like Emmanuel Marthoma church Thuruthikkara, St.George Orthodox Church Thottathumuri, etc. in Kunnathur

Changanacherry Smaraka Grandhasala in Iverkala was the first library to open in Kunnathur.

West Kallada

 India census, West Kallada had a population of 17,958 with 8,705 males and 9,253 females.

Kallada St Marys Orthodox Valiyapally. The Tomb of Mar Adrew is in this church.So the Church called as Mar Adrew Pilgrim Church.

Thiruvatta Temple (Malayalam: തിരുവാറ്റ ശ്രീ മഹാദേവർ ക്ഷേത്രം ) is an ancient Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva at Westkallada






Some of the popular games here


Egyptian Navy

The Egyptian Navy is a branch of the Egyptian Armed Forces. It is the largest navy in the Middle East and Africa. It is also the sixth largest navy in the world by the number of vessels. The navy aims to protect more than 2,000 kilometers of coastline. Its main mission is to support army operations. In 1989, the Egyptian Navy had 18,000 personnel and also 2,000 personnel in the Coast Guard.



Andrew Upton

Andrew Upton (born 1 February 1966) is an Australian playwright, screenwriter, and director. He is the husband of the two-time Academy Award winner actress Cate Blanchett.

As a playwright, Upton created adaptations of "Hedda Gabler", "The Cherry Orchard", "Cyrano de Bergerac", "Don Juan" (with Marion Potts), "Uncle Vanya", "The Maids", "Children of the Sun" and "Platonov" for the Sydney Theatre Company (STC) and Maxim Gorky's "The Philistines" for London's Royal National Theatre.

Upton and Cate Blanchett met in 1996 on the set of a TV show, and were married on 29 December 1997. They have four children: biological sons Dashiell John (born 3 December 2001), Roman Robert (born 23 April 2004), Ignatius Martin (born 13 April 2008), and adopted daughter Edith Vivian Patricia, whose adoption was confirmed on 6 March 2015.

They lived in Hunters Hill, New South Wales, Australia, for many years.

Following the sale of their property there in late 2015, Upton and Blanchett purchased in early 2016 a historic $6.25 million English manor, Highwell House, in Crowborough, East Sussex, England.

"Variety" has reported that around the same time the couple also purchased a modern-minded five-bedroom duplex apartment in downtown Sydney once owned by satirist Barry Humphries, and purchased from "The Celebrity Apprentice Australia" host Mark Bouris for an amount "somewhere in the neighborhood of $8 million".

Netta Barzilai

Netta Barzilai (; born 22 January 1993), sometimes known as simply Netta, is an Israeli singer and artist. 

Barzilai served in the Israeli Navy and lives in Tel Aviv. In May 2018, she represented Israel at the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song "Toy". She won the competition, marking Israel's fourth win.





Donald Gary Young

Donald Gary Young (July 11, 1949 – May 12, 2018) was an American businessman. He was the founder, president and former CEO of Young Living, a Utah-based multi-level marketing company that offers essential oils and other alternative medicine products.

Young died on May 12, 2018 in Salt Lake City due to complications from multiple strokes at the age of 68.

Edgardo Angara

Edgardo Javier Angara (September 24, 1934 – May 13, 2018) was a Filipino politician and lawyer. He served as the President of the Senate of the Philippines from 1993 to 1995. He was a Senator from 1987 to 1998 and then served as Secretary of Agriculture from 1999 to 2001. He served in the Senate again from 2001 to 2013. He ran for President of the Philippines in 1998.

On May 17, 2017, President Rodrigo Duterte appointed Angara as the special envoy of the Philippines to the European Union.

Angara died on May 13, 2018 in Tagaytay, Philippines of a heart attack at the age of 83.


Baadur Tsuladze

Baadur Tsuladze ( 5 March, 1935 – 13 May 2018) was a Georgian actor, movie director, screenwriter and broadcaster. He was an Honored Artist of the Georgian SSR (1979).

In acting, Tsuladze was known for his role as Archill in "Falling Leaves" (1966). In directing, he was known for his 1975 movie "Waltz on Mtatsminda" and wrote the screenplay for "For those who like to solve puzzles" (1982).

Tsuladze died on 13 May 2018 in Tbilisi at the age of 83.

Pattazhy

Pattazhy, also Pattazhi is a village in Pathanapuram taluk, Kollam district, Kerala, India. 

The name Pattazhy has an uncertain etymology. Pattazhy may stem from an imperfect Malayalam portmanteau fusing Patt ("Soft") and Aazhy ("Ocean"). Thus the word Pattazhy represents the compassion and affection of Pattazhy Devi to her beloved devotees and depth of her grace. The name Pattazhy may have also derived from the word "Bhattarika" which means a virtuous and pious woman.

The annual festival at Pattazhy Devi Temple is one of the famous temple festivals in central Travancore.The Kumbhathiruvathira and Meenathiruvathira were the famous festivals of Pattazhy. The festival is known for Kambam (fire works), Aalpindi Vilakku Ezhunnallathu (Procession of small structure made out of plantain kernel and germinating leaves of coconut tree with numerous lamps on it), Ponnin Thirumudi (Devi's idol carved out of pure gold and rare precious stones) Ezhunnallathu. Pattazhy also got a place in the Guinness Book of world records for the 'Longest bamboo'.






Pattazhy Vadakkekkara

Pattazhy Vadakkekara is a village in Kollam district, Kerala, India. It is separated from Pattazhi by the Kallada River.

 India census, Pattazhy Vadakkekara had a population of 14775 with 7020 males and 7755 females.

Cuckoo bee

Cuckoo bees lay their eggs in the nests of other bees, rather like cuckoo birds. They are kleptoparasites, a term which means parasitism by theft. In this case the theft is of food stored for the host larvae.

Females of cuckoo bees lack the special long hairs which collect pollen. Also, they do not make their own nests. They often have reduced body hair, thick exoskeleton, and saber-like mandibles.

They enter the nests of pollen-collecting species, and lay their eggs in cells made by the host bee. When the cuckoo bee larva hatches it eats the host larva's pollen ball. If the female has not already done so, it kills and eats the host larva. In a few cases the invading female stays in the host nest and lays many eggs. Sometimes it kills the host queen and replaces her. Species like that are often called 'social parasites'. Some are referred to as 'brood parasites'. There is a whole subfamily of bees which do this, the Nomadinae (nomad bees).

The behaviour has evolved many times in bees. 16 times parasitism of social species has evolved (mostly in the family Apidae), and there are 31 lineages which parasitize solitary bees. Altogether there are several thousand species of kleptoparasites, a large proportion of overall bee diversity.

Lubec

Lubec ( ) is a town in Washington County in the state of Maine, United States.

Canaan, Maine

Canaan is a town of Somerset County in the state of Maine, United States. The population was 2,193 in 2020.

Eurovision Song Contest 2019

The Eurovision Song Contest 2019 was the 64th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest and took place in Israel's capital Tel Aviv, after Netta won for her country in Lisbon, Portugal last year.

Duncan Laurence from the Netherlands won the contest.

The 2020 edition was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

The contest happened in Expo Tel Aviv, Tel Aviv, Israel. The venue holds 7,300 people.

The first semi-final happened on 14 May 2019 at 22:00 IDT (21:00 CEST). Seventeen countries participated in the first semi-final. Those countries plus France, Israel and Spain voted in this semi-final.

The highlighted countries qualified for the final.

The second semi-final happened on 16 May 2019 at 22:00 IDT (21:00 CEST). Eighteen countries participated in the second semi-final. Those countries plus
Germany, Italy, and the United Kingdom voted in this semi-final.

The highlighted countries qualified for the final.
The final happened on 18 May 2019 at 22:00 IDT (21:00 CEST). Twenty-six countries participated in the final, with all 41 participating countries eligible to vote.

Ria Vedder-Wubben

Hendrika Cornelia Maria "Ria" Vedder-Wubben (20 May 1951 – 23 August 2016) was a Dutch politician. As a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal, she served in the Senate from 2003 to 2011. In the Senate, she was concerned with pensions and tax law.

Vedder-Wubben died on 23 August 2016 in The Hague at the age of 65.


Aaron Kosminski

Aaron Kosminski (11 September 1865 - 24 March 1919) was a Polish barber who was suspected of being the infamous serial killer Jack the Ripper

In 2014, a book was claimed to prove Kosminski's guilt in the murders, however the case still remains unsolved.

Millennium Island

Caroline Island, or Caroline atoll, is an atoll, in the Pacific Ocean that is part of Kiribati. It is the easternomost atoll of Kiribati. The atoll is part of the Southern Line Islands. In total, the atoll consists of 39 islets(motus), which cover a surface (landmass) of about . The atoll covers an area of about 

It was first sighted by Europeans in 1606, it was claimed by the United Kingdom in 1868. It has been part of the Republic of Kiribati since the island nation's independence in 1979. Caroline Island has remained relatively untouched and is considered one of the world's most pristine tropical islands, despite guano mining, copra harvesting, and human habitation in the 19th and 20th centuries. It is home to one of the world's largest populations of the coconut crab and is an important breeding site for seabirds, most notably the sooty tern.

The atoll is currently designated as a wildlife sanctuary. In 2014 the Kiribati government established a 12-nautical-mile fishing exclusion zone around each of the southern Line Islands (Caroline (commonly called Millennium), Flint, Vostok, Malden, and Starbuck). Both Flint and wostok are about to the west. Papeete, Thahiti is about to the south.

It extends about from north to south, and about from east to west. The total landmass is just . The coral reef extends about out. The lagoon is very shallow, and normal boats usually cannot enter. At high tide, it is possible to reach a beach with a boat. At low tide, a walk of about in waist-deep water is required.

In the north and in the south, there are bigger islands. The one in the north is called Nake Island, the one in the south is called South Island. Both have freshwater sources. There are aquifers on both. 

In 1994, Kiribati changed the International date line, so that all of Kiribati would have the same date. This meant that Caroline atoll would be the first landmass on earth with the new date. For the year-2000 celebrations, the atoll was renamed Millennium Island. Other names in the past have included "Hirst Island", "Clark Island" "and Independence Island".

The island is an important breeding place for birds. The only known mammal on the atoll is a rat.

Winglet

A winglet is an invention that makes aircraft use less fuel (gas). It does this by reducing induced drag.

Inigo Jones

Inigo Jones (15 July 1573 – 21 June 1652) was a famous English architect in the early modern period. He was the first person to introduce the architecture of Ancient Rome and the Italian Renaissance to Britain. His buildings were the first in Britain to employ Vitruvian rules of proportion and symmetry. He also made a major contribution as a theatre designer. He designed the scenery and costumes for many masques (a kind of early opera). 

Jones was born in the Smithfield district of London. His father, also called Inigo Jones, was a cloth worker from Wales. As a very young man, he as an apprentice carpenter at St Paul's Cathedral. Some time before 1603 a rich patron (possibly the Earl of Pembroke or the Earl of Rutland) sent him to Italy to study drawing. After Italy he travelled to Denmark where he worked for King Christian V on the designs for the king's Rosenborg and Frederiksborg palaces. When he returned to England he began work as a theatre designer and architect. In September 1615, King Charles I appointed Jones as the Surveyor-General of the King's Works. From 1629 to 1635 he worked for buildings in Covent Garden. 

Jones's career as a full-time architect ended with the outbreak of the English Civil War in 1642. The Parliament of England seized all of the King's houses in 1643. In his later years Jones lived in Somerset House in central London. He died there on 21 June 1652. He was buried with his parents at the Church of St Benet. St Benet's was the Welsh church of the City of London. 

Catatumbo River

Catatumbo River is a river that flows through Colombia and Venezuela. It is about long, and flows into Lake Maracaibo.

Vilakkudy

Vilakkudy is a village in Kollam district, Kerala, India.

At the 2001 India census, Vilakkudy had a population of 32,677 with 15,773 males and 16,904 females.

Pidavoor

Pidavoor is a village in Kollam district, Kerala, India. Pidavoor is near the Pathanapuram town. Pidavoor is a part of Thalavoor Grama Panchayat.

Pidavoor is the part of Pathanapuram legislative assembly in Mavelikara Lok Sabha constituency. Shri. Kodikkunnil Suresh is the present member of parliament. Shri. K. B. Ganesh Kumar is the current MLA of Pathanapuram.

 India census, Pidavoor had a population of 10087 with 4858 males and 5229 females.

Piravanthur

As of the 2001 India census, Piravanthoor had a population of 23336 with 11222 males and 12114 females.



Punnala

Punnala is a small village in Kollam district, Kerala, India.

Punnala is located at 9.08264°N 76.914°E. The village is spread over an area of 69.1 km

The area is well connected to the rest of the state by bus services of Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) and private transport services. Even though there are still places remains transportation facility is poor. The nearest railway stations are Punalur railway station and Avaneeswaram railway station

Punnala is a part of the Mavelikkara (Lok Sabha Constituency). Kodikunnil Suresh is the present member of parliament who won the 2014 Indian general election. Pathanapuram is assembly constituency and actor turned politician K. B. Ganesh Kumar is the current M. L. A. from Pathanapuram.

There are Many political parties working in the village.


Gennadi Gusarov

Gennadi Aleksandrovich Gusarov () (11 March 1937 – 2 June 2014) was a Soviet Russian football player.

He earned 11 caps and scored 4 goals for the USSR national football team, and represented the country in the 1958 FIFA World Cup, the 1962 FIFA World Cup, and the 1964 European Nations' Cup.


Thalavoor

Thalavoor is a village in Kollam district, Kerala, India. 

In earlier times, this land was a part of Elayadathu Swarupam, a principality ruled by a branch of the Travancore Royal Family.
Kottarakkara was the capital of Elayadathu Swarupam.

Up to 18th century, this land was a part of "Ilayidathu Swaroopam". At that time, most of the leaders (Malayalam: Thalavanmaar) in the Ilayidathu Swaroopam were from this place. They headed various departments of this royal dynasty. Hence this place came to known as "Thalavoor", meaning "Thalavanmaarude Ooru" i.e. "The Place of Leaders".

Latitude : 9°2'40"N

Longitude : 76°49'46"E

The land of thalavoor is traditionally divided into six zones.

Thalavoor, like other parts of India, is governed by different levels of government such as the three tiers of 'Panchayatraj', namely Grama, Block and District and, of course, the state and central governments. The revenue and land administration has the village as the basic unit. 








Pathanapuram

Pathanapuram is a town in Kollam district, Kerala, India. It is in Pathanapuram taluka, of which it is also the headquarters.

Pathanapuram is spread over an area of .

 census of India, Pathanapuram Panchayat had a population of 32,339.

The area is connected to the rest of the state by bus services of KSRTC. The nearest railway stations to the town are , , Kayamkulam, and . KSRTC sub depot also in Pathanapuram near Forest Range Office. Nearest airport is Trivandrum (80 km).

Pathanapuram assembly constituency is a part of the Mavelikkara Loksabha Constituency. Kodikunnil Suresh is the present member of parliament who won the 2014 Indian general election. Pathanapuram is also the home constituency of actor turned politician K. B. Ganesh Kumar. He is the current M. L. A. from Pathanapuram.

Pathanapuram lies on the border of the Periyar National Park.

Educational institutions in Pathanapuram include:


Wow... The Story

Wow... The Story is the first studio album by Jamaican rapper, Baby Cham. "Wow... The Story" was released on 24 October 2000 and was produced by Dave Kelly and Tony Kelly. The album is referred to by the "Miami New Times" as "the most anticipated album in years from any reggae artist.".


Ghetto Story

Ghetto Story is the second studio album by Jamaican rapper, Cham. "Ghetto Story" was released on 15 August 2006 and was produced by Dave Kelly and Tony Kelly. The album was given 4 out of 5 stars by Allmusic.

Duckweed

Duckweed, water lens, or bayroot, are freshwater aquatic plants. They float in still or slow-moving fresh water and wetlands. There are five genera, with a total of 33 to 38 species.

These plants are very simple: They lack an obvious stem or leaves. Most of each plant is a small organized "thallus" or "frond" structure only a few cells thick. Often it has air pockets and floats on or under the water surface. Some have no root and some have one or more simple rootlets.

Reproduction is usually by asexual budding. Occasionally, three tiny flowers are produced for sexual reproduction. These flowers have two stamens and a pistil. From this occasional reproduction is produced a seed in an air bag that floats. The flower of the duckweed genus "Wolffia" is the smallest known, just 0.3 mm long. 

Getting nutrients is a factor for aquatic plants. Duckweeds tend to be found in fertile, even eutrophic conditions. They can be spread by waterfowl and small mammals on their feet and bodies, and by moving water. In water with constant currents or overflow, the plants are carried down the water channels and do not grow so thickly. In some places, weather causes the plants to multiply greatly when water-flow is low. Then they are carried away as rainy periods follow.

Duckweed is an important high-protein food source for waterfowl. It contains more protein than soybeans. The tiny plants provide cover for many small aquatic species. Pondwater species such as bullfrogs and fish such as bluegills use the plants as shelter. 

The plants can provide nitrate removal, if cropped, and the duckweeds are important in the process of bioremediation because they grow rapidly, absorbing excess mineral nutrients, particularly nitrogen and phosphates. For these reasons, they are touted as water purifiers of untapped value.

Duckweed may be used for wastewater treatment to capture toxins and for odor control. If a mat of duckweed is maintained for the removal of the toxins, it also prevents the development of algae and controls the breeding of mosquitoes. 

These plants also may play a role in conservation of water because a cover of duckweed will reduce evaporation of water when compared to the rate of a similarly sized water body with a clear surface.

In July 2008, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Joint Genome Institute announced that the Community Sequencing Program funded sequencing of the genome of the giant duckweed, "Spirodela polyrhiza". This was a priority project for DOE in 2009. The research was intended to facilitate new biomass and bioenergy programs.

Duckweed is a good candidate as a biofuel because it grows rapidly, produces five to six times as much starch as corn per unit of area, and does not contribute to global warming. Unlike fossil fuels, duckweed removes carbon dioxide from the atmosphere instead of adding it.

Duckweed filters out contaminants (bacteria, nitrogen, phosphates) from natural bodies of water, wetlands, and wastewater.



Henry Lee III

Major-General Henry Lee III (January 29, 1756 – March 25, 1818) was an early American patriot and politician. He was a cavalry officer in the Continental Army during the American Revolution. His nickname was Light-Horse Harry. He married Anne Hill Carter Lee. They had seven children. The most notable was Robert E. Lee. Henry Lee III died in 1818.

Fritz Thyssen

Friedrich "Fritz" Thyssen (9 November 1873 – 8 February 1951) was a German businessman from Mülheim. 

His father August was head of the Thyssen mining and steelmaking company, founded by his father Friedrich and based in the Ruhr city of Duisburg. 

He supported Nazism in the 1920s. He led the Ruhr steelmakers in refusing to co-operate in producing coal and steel for France and Belgium as part of the reparations for the first World War. He was arrested, imprisoned and fined. His companies employed 200,000 people. He gave a lot of money to the Nazi Party, and got other companies to do the same. He thought this would stop the spread of communism. In November, 1932, Thyssen and Hjalmar Schacht were the main organisers of a letter to President Paul von Hindenburg telling him to appoint Hitler as Chancellor. 

He sacked his Jewish workers but he objected to the persecution of Christians by the Nazis. After "Kristallnacht" in November 1938, he resigned from the Prussian Council of State. He started criticising Nazi economic policies. In September 1939 sent he Hermann Göring a telegram saying he was opposed to the war. He and his family went to Switzerland. His company was nationalised. In 1940 he moved to France. He was arrested while he was visiting his ill mother in Belgium. In 1943 he and his wife were sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp and in 1945 to Dachau. They were liberated by the 42nd Infantry Division and 45th Infantry Division on 5 May 1945.

After the war he was tried for being a supporter of the Nazi Party. It was decided that he was a lesser offender and he was sentenced to a fine of 15% of his assets. In January 1950, he and his wife moved to Buenos Aires, where he died the following year.

Omar Gaber

Omar Mahmoud Gaber (; born in 30 January 1992) is an Egyptian football player. He plays for Los Angeles FC in Major League Soccer (MLS). He is a right back and plays sometimes as a defensive midfielder.



Basel



Trnovac (Vrbanja)

The Trnovac (Трновац) is a river/stream in Central Bosnia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, one of many right tributaries of Vrbanja river.

Before the village Hajdarovići receives water of six right tributaries/springs, and in the case of two more left. In Vrbanja, it flows into the famous excursion site Trnovac, at an altitude of 546 m.

Most of its flow, Trnovac runs to east - west, parallel to the upper stream Crkvenica and Lopača (also to the right tributaries of Vrbanja). It runs between Šipraško hill and the village of Kurušići (north) and Orahova ravan (plain) with the village of Gelići (south).

In the 1960s, there were 12 watermills in Trnovac, six with Hajdarovic and its estuaries.


Hossam Ashour

Hossam Ashour (, Born March 9, 1986) is an Egyptian football player. He plays as a defensive midfielder. He plays for Al-Ahly and he is the captain of the team. He also plays for Egypt's National Team.




Lopača (Vrbanja)

Lopača is one of many right tributaries in the upper flow of Vrbanja (Bosnia and Herzegovina). Lopača has its source from two components (small streams) in the eastern slopes of Selačka Mountain, between the hills Marina Glava (1192 m) and Lujin Dirjek (1180 m). These components of the source meet at about 1090 m. 
In the upper part of its course, Lopača flows towards the southwest, then it goes to the northwest, then just before its confluence to Vrbanja, redirects again to the southwest.

Lopača flows below the village of Gelići, along the slopes of Melina (north) and Osoje (south). It flows into Vrbanja at an altitude of 566 m, under the slopes of Previja with the summit of Padališće (785 m).
On each side, it receives water from six streams and small streams, the largest of which (right) is Dolovi. It also receives water from several coastal sources, which keeps its water level relatively stable even during the longest periods of drought.

Below the village of Gelići until its confluence, in the 1960s, there were 20 watermills on Lopača.


Aplastic anemia

Aplastic anemia is a rare disease in which the bone marrow stops producing enough blood cells. There are fewer than 20,000 cases a year in the US. Aplastic anemia can be treated by a medical professional. The blood disease is not always deadly, but can be after lots of bleeding both internal and external.

Hezbe Wahdat

Hezbe Wahdat () is one of the political parties of the Hazara people in Afghanistan, which was founded in 1989. The main founder and leader of this party was Abdul Ali Mazari, who was killed by the Taliban in March 1995.



Hana to Yume

It is entirely written in Japanese and only available in Japan. Japanese girls ranked this magazine as their 4th favourite manga collection in a survey conducted by Oricon in 2006.

Overboard (2018 movie)

Overboard is a 2018 American romantic comedy movie directed by Rob Greenberg, written by Greenberg, Bob Fisher and Leslie Dixon. It stars Eugenio Derbez, Anna Faris, Eva Longoria, John Hannah, Omar Chaparro, Cecilia Suárez, Mariana Treviño and Swoosie Kurtz with Fernando Luján. It is a remake of the 1987 movie of the same name. 

"Overboard" was released in the United States on May 4, 2018 to mixed reviews.

How to Be a Latin Lover

How to Be a Latin Lover is a 2017 American comedy movie directed by Ken Marino, written by Chris Spain and Jon Zack. It stars Eugenio Derbez, Salma Hayek, Raphael Alejandro, Raquel Welch, Rob Riggle, Rob Huebel, Rob Corddry, Renée Taylor, Linda Lavin, Kristen Bell, and Rob Lowe. The movie is about a man who has spent his whole life married to a rich old woman, and must learn to make it on his own when she kicks him out. 

It was released on April 28, 2017 by Pantelion Films and made $61 million worldwide.

False color

False color (or false colour) refers to a group of color methods used to display recorded images in color. A false-color image is an image which shows an object in colors different from that which a true-colour photograph would show.

In addition, there is "false color" used for visualization of genuine data.

A photograph shot in color will show the colors in the picture as they appeared on the film, or to the sensor of a digital camera. Since most films and most digital cameras are made to show the world as human color vision would see it, this is known as true-color image. In a false color image, the color shown in the image does not correspond to the one the human eye would see. In such an image, color is used for extra information that the eye would not see. Many false color images, for example, show infrared light that humans cannot see.

Arthur Barnard

Arthur "Art" Barnard (March 10, 1929 – May 1, 2018) was an American sprinter. He was born in Seattle, Washington. He competed mainly in the 110 m hurdles event, winning a bronze medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics. 

Barnard died in Stanford, California on May 1, 2018 at the age of 89.


Will Alsop

William Allen Alsop, OBE RA (12 December 1947 – 12 May 2018) was a British architect and Professor of Architecture at University for the Creative Arts's Canterbury School of Architecture. In 2000, Alsop won the Stirling Prize, the most prestigious architecture award in the United Kingdom, for the Peckham Library in the south-east of London.

Alsop has been made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE), and was elected to the Royal Academy on 18 May 2000.

In 2013, Alsop became Professor of Architecture at the University for the Creative Arts's Canterbury School of Architecture.

Alsop died on 12 May 2018 at the age of 70.


Richard Lester

Richard Lester (born Richard Lester Liebman; January 19, 1932) is an American movie director. Lester is known for his work with the Beatles in the 1960s and his work on the "Superman" movie series in the 1980s.


Glenn Branca

Glenn Branca (October 6, 1948 – May 13, 2018) was an American avant-garde composer and guitarist. He was known for his use of volume, alternative guitar tunings, repetition, droning, and the harmonic series. Branca received a 2009 Foundation for Contemporary Arts Grants to Artists Award.

Early members of his group included Thurston Moore and Lee Ranaldo of Sonic Youth, Page Hamilton of Helmet, Phil Kline of The Del-Byzanteens, and several members of Swans including Michael Gira, Dan Braun, and Algis Kizys.

On May 13, 2018, Branca died from throat cancer at the age of 69.


Lay ministry

Lay ministry are members of faiths and Christian denominations who are not full-time paid clergy, or not ordained clergy, but who perform the same or similar function.

Epitácio Cafeteira

Epitácio Cafeteira Afonso Pereira (June 27, 1924 – May 13, 2018) was a Brazilian politician. He was federal deputy (1975–1987), governor of Maranhão (1987–1990) and senator (1991–1999, 2007–2015). Cafeteira was born in João Pessoa, Paraíba.

Cafeteira died on May 13, 2018 of pneumonia in Maranhão at the age of 93.

Steve Hogan

Stephen D. Hogan (1948 – May 13, 2018) was an American politician. He served as the Mayor of Aurora, Colorado from November 2011 until his death in May 2018. Hogan was a member of the Republican Party. He sat on the Colorado House of Representatives between 1975 and 1976. He was born in Lincoln, Nebraska.

His mayoralty received international attention when twelve people were killed during the 2012 Aurora shooting.

Hogan died of cancer on May 13, 2018 in Aurora at the age of 69.

Franz Marc

Franz Moritz Wilhelm Marc (8 February 1880 – 4 March 1916) was a German painter and printmaker, one of the key figures of the German Expressionist movement. He was a founding member of "Der Blaue Reiter" (The Blue Rider), a journal whose name later became synonymous with the circle of artists collaborating in it.


Margot Kidder

Margaret Ruth Kidder (October 17, 1948 – May 13, 2018) professionally known as Margot Kidder, was a Canadian-American actress and activist. She was known for her role as Lois Lane in the 1978 movie "Superman" and the eventual other movies within the movie series, alongside Christopher Reeve.

Kidder also starred in Brian De Palma's cult thriller "Sisters" (1973); in the slasher movie "Black Christmas" (1974); and the dramas "The Great Waldo Pepper" (1975); "The Reincarnation of Peter Proud" (1975). She starred as Kathy Lutz in "The Amityville Horror" (1979).

Kidder was born in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada. She studied at Havergal College in Toronto. From 1975 to 1978, she was married to Thomas McGuane. From 1979 to 1980, Kidder was married to John Heard, for a total of six days. From 1983 to 1984, Kidder was married to Philippe de Broca. She had one child.

Kidder suffered from paranoia and bipolar disorder which caused her to suffer from mental breakdowns and temporarily retire a few times. In April 1996, Kidder went missing for four days in Los Angeles and was found at a backyard of a house after she was nearly raped.

Kidder was in a car crash in December 1990, after which she was unable to work for two years, causing her financial problems.

In 1978, Kidder won a Saturn Award for Best Actress for her Lois Lane role. In 2015 Kidder won an Emmy award for Outstanding Performer in Children's Programming for her performance in "R.L. Stine's The Haunting Hour".

In 2005, Kidder became a naturalized U.S. citizen. In later years, Kidder became an outspoken political, environmental, and anti-war activist. She endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States in 2016.

Kidder died on May 13, 2018, at her home in Livingston, Montana at the age of 69. On August 8, 2018, it was reported that Kidder's death had been ruled a suicide by drug and alcohol overdose.


María Elena Meneses Rocha

María Elena Meneses Rocha (1 December 1961 – 14 May 2018) was a Mexican journalist and professor and researcher into media, communications and the Internet with the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Mexico City. She was born in Monterrey, Mexico. She lived in Mexico City. She worked for Univision during her early journalist career.

Meneses Rocha died in Mexico City on 14 May 2018 of complications from surgery at the age of 56.

E. C. George Sudarshan

Ennackal Chandy George Sudarshan (also known as E. C. G. Sudarshan; 16 September 1931 – 14 May 2018) was an Indian theoretical physicist. He was a professor at the University of Texas at Austin. 

Sudarshan was known for his works to the field of theoretical Physics including Optical coherence, Sudarshan-Glauber representation, V-A theory, Tachyons, Quantum Zeno effect, Open quantum system, Spin-statistics theorem, non-invariance groups, positive maps of density matrices, quantum computation among others. 

His works include also relations between east and west, philosophy and religion.

In 2005, the Nobel Committee controversially did not award Sudarshan the Nobel Prize in Physics yet awarded his work about Glauber–Sudarshan P representation to Roy J. Glauber only. 

Roy J. Glauber

Roy Jay Glauber (September 1, 1925 – December 26, 2018) was an American theoretical physicist. He was the Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics at Harvard University and Adjunct Professor of Optical Sciences at the University of Arizona.

Glauber was awarded one half of the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics "for his contribution to the quantum theory of optical coherence", with the other half shared by John L. Hall and Theodor W. Hänsch.

Glauber died on December 26, 2018 at a hospital in Newton, Massachusetts at the age of 93.


Abdallah Said

Abdallah Said (; born 13 July 1985) is an Egyptian football player. He is an attacking midfielder. He plays for Kuopion Palloseura, on loan from Al Ahly. He also plays in the Egyptian national team.



Quim Torra

Joaquim Torra i Pla (born 28 December 1962) is a Catalan nationalist politician, lawyer and editor. Torra was a member of the Parliament of Catalonia from 2018 to 2020 and is the 131st President of Catalonia since May 2018.

Torra was elected to the Parliament of Catalonia at the 2017 regional election as an independent candidate for the pro-independence Junts per Catalunya electoral alliance. In May 2018 he was elected 131 President of Catalonia after the Spanish courts blocked three other candidates.

In March 2020, Torra tested positive for COVID-19 during the 2020 coronavirus pandemic.

In September 2020, he was removed from office.

Waleed Al-Husseini

Waleed Al-Husseini (born June 25, 1989 in Qalqilya) is a Palestinian essayist, writer and blogger. In October 2010, the Palestinian Authority arrested him for allegedly blaspheming against Islam on Facebook and in blog posts; his arrest garnered international attention. He later escaped to France, where he successfully applied for asylum. In 2013, he founded the Council of Ex-Muslims of France, and in 2015 he wrote his first book, "blasphemer : the price i paid for regecting islam".


Amelita Ramos

Amelita "Ming" Jara Martinez-Ramos (born December 29, 1926) is the wife of Fidel V. Ramos–the twelfth President of the Philippines–and was the eleventh First Lady of the Philippines from 1992 to 1998.

Jose Miguel Arroyo

José Miguel "Mike" Tuason Arroyo (born June 27, 1945) is a former First Gentleman of the Philippines. He is the husband of Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, the current Representative of the Second District of Pampanga. He is the only male Spouse of a President of the Philippines and Vice President of the Philippines.

Loi Ejercito

Luisa Pimentel-Ejército (also Loi Ejercito Estrada or simply Loi Estrada; born Luisa Fernandez Pimentel on 2 June 1931), is the wife of Philippine President Joseph Ejercito Estrada. She was the twelfth First Spouse of the Philippines from 1998 to 2001.


President of the Philippines

The President of the Philippines (, informally known as "Presidente ng Pilipinas") is the head of state and head of government of the Philippines.

The President leads the executive branch of the Philippine government and is the commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces of the Philippines. The President is directly elected by the people, and is one of only two nationally elected executive officials, the other being the Vice President of the Philippines.

However, four vice presidents have assumed the presidency without having been elected to the office, such as by the death or resignation of an incumbent president.

Filipinos refer to their President as "Pangulo" or "Presidente". The President serves a single, fixed, six-year term without possibility of re-election. On June 30, 2022, Bongbong Marcos was sworn in as the 17th and current president.

Article 7, Section 2 of the Constitution reads that in order to be eligible for President the person must:

As of , there are three living former Presidents:

The most recent president to die was Fidel V. Ramos (served 1992–1998), on July 31, 2022, at the age of 94.


Vice President of the Philippines

The Vice President of the Philippines is the second-highest executive official of the government of the Philippines, after the President. 

The Vice President currently holds office at the Quezon City Reception House in Quezon City. The current office of the Vice President was re-established under the 1987 Constitution.

Sara Duterte from Davao City assumed the office on June 30, 2022 as the 15th and current vice president.

The official title of the office in Filipino is "Pangalawang Pangulo," although "Bise Presidente," derived from Spanish, is the usual title used in some of the major Philippine languages, such as Cebuano and Hiligaynon language.

Article 7, Section 3 of the Constitution mandates that the Vice President must bear the same qualifications as the President which means he must be:

There has been four cases where the Vice President has assumed the Presidency, three of which because of the President's death, and one because of the President's resignation:


Teofisto Guingona Jr.

Teofisto Tayko Guingona Jr. ( , born July 4, 1928) is a Filipino politician. He was the 11th Vice President of the Philippines from 2001 to 2004, during the first term of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.

He was appointed as Chairman of the Commission on Audit by then newly installed President Corazon Aquino in 1986 until 1987. He was elected as a Senator of the Philippines. He won in the reelections in 1992 and became Majority Leader a year after.

President Fidel V. Ramos appointed him as Executive Secretary from 1993 until 1995 and as Justice Secretary from 1995 until 1998. He was reelected to the senate again as a Minority Leader from 1998 until 2001.


Neri Oxman

Neri Oxman (; born February 6, 1976) is an American–Israeli architect, designer, and professor at the MIT Media Lab. She is known for art and architecture that combines design, biology, computing, and materials engineering.



Cecilia Suárez

María Cecilia Suárez de Garay (; born November 22, 1971) is a Mexican actress. She was born in Tampico, Mexico. She studied at Illinois State University. She is a Ariel Award and Emmy International nominated actress. She is known for her roles in "Sexo, pudor y lágrimas", "The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada", "Travesía", "The Air I Breathe", "Dreaming of Julia", "Wash and Wear" and "Overboard".

Elsa Raven

Elsa Raven (born Elsa Rabinowitz; September 21, 1929 – November 3, 2020) was an American actress. She was born in Charleston, South Carolina. She was best known for her two years (1988–1990) on the sitcom "Amen" and playing the mother of Vincent Terranova on the TV series "Wiseguy".

She played Ida Straus in the 1997 movie "Titanic" and had a voice role in the 1981 animated movie "American Pop".

Raven retired in 2011.

Raven died at her home in Los Angeles on November 3, 2020 at the age of 91.

Isidor Straus

Isidor Straus (February 6, 1845 – April 15, 1912) was a German-born American businessman, politician, and co-owner of Macy's department store. A resident of Georgia, USA He was preparing to go to West Point Military Academy when the outbreak of the US Civil War 1861-1865 prevented him from doing so; he was elected a officer In a Georgia Military unit but was not allowed to serve because of his youth He also served for just over a year as a member of the United States House of Representatives.

Straus died with his wife, Ida, in the sinking of the passenger ship RMS "Titanic". Isidor Straus's body was recovered by the cable ship "Mackay-Bennett" and taken to Halifax, Nova Scotia, where it was identified before being shipped to New York.


Clint Capela

Clint N'Dumba-Capela (born May 18, 1994) is a Swiss professional basketball player for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in Geneva, Switzerland.

Capela was only 15 years old when he played at the European Junior Championships. He was drafted by the Rockets in the 2014 NBA draft.

Benjamin Guggenheim

Benjamin "Ben" Guggenheim (October 26, 1865 – April 15, 1912) was an American businessman. He died aboard the "RMS Titanic" when the ship sank in the North Atlantic Ocean. His body was never recovered.


Ida Straus

Rosalie Ida Straus (née Blun; February 6, 1849 – April 15, 1912) was a German-American homemaker and wife of the co-owner of the Macy's department store. She and her husband Isidor died on board the RMS "Titanic".

Rosalie was born in 1849 in Worms, Germany to Nathan Blun and his wife Wilhelmine "Mindel" Freudenberg.

In 1871, Rosalie married Isidor Straus (1845–1912), a German-American businessman. She and Isidor had seven children.

Isidor and Ida were last seen together on deck holding hands before a wave swept them both into the sea. Isidor’s body was recovered by the Mackay-Bennett and he was buried in New York’s Woodlawn Cemetery. Ida’s body was never recovered.

Luigi Gatti

Gaspare Antonio Pietro "Luigi" Gatti (3 January 1875 – 15 April 1912) was an Italian businessman and restauranteur. He was best known as the manager of the "À la Carte" restaurant on the RMS "Titanic", catering to passengers for whom first-class service was not exclusive enough.

Gatti went down with the ship, dying on 15 April 1912. His body was recovered by the CS "Minia" between 26 April and 6 May 1912, and buried in Fairview Cemetery, Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.

Edward Austin Kent

Edward Austin Kent (February 19, 1854 – April 15, 1912) was an American architect who worked in Buffalo, New York. Kent died on April 15, 1912 when the RMS Titanic sank and was seen helping women and children into the lifeboats. His body was recovered from the ocean and buried in New York.

Sidney Leslie Goodwin

Sidney Leslie Goodwin (9 September 1910 – 15 April 1912) was a 19-month-old English boy who died during the sinking of the RMS "Titanic". 

His unidentified body was recovered by the "Mackay-Bennett" after the sinking, and for many years, he was called The Unknown Child. In 2008, mitochondrial DNA testing by the Armed Forces lab revealed his identity. Baby Goodwin is the only member of his family whose body has been recovered and identified.

Frank M. Warren Sr.

Frank Manley Warren Sr. (May 10, 1848 – April 15, 1912) was an American businessman. He made his fortune in the salmon canning industry. The community of Warrendale, Oregon, the site of one of his canneries, was named for him. He died in the sinking of the "Titanic".

He was born in Ellsworth, Maine, but raised in Portland, Oregon.

Thomas Byles

Thomas Roussel Davids Byles (26 February 1870 – 15 April 1912) was an English Catholic priest. He was born in Leeds, Yorkshire. 

Byles was a passenger aboard the "RMS Titanic" on its maiden voyage when it sank after striking an iceberg during the night of 15 April 1912. He was reported as being one of the trapped passengers on the ship's rear deck in its final moments. He refused to leave the ship knowing people were unable to leave on lifeboats.

As the ship was sinking, he assisted many third-class passengers up to the boat deck to the lifeboats. He reputedly twice refused a place on a lifeboat. Toward the end he recited the Rosary and other prayers, heard confessions and gave Absolution to more than a hundred passengers who remained trapped on the stern of the ship after all of the lifeboats had been launched.

Pope Pius X later described Byles as a "martyr for the Church".

In 2015, the procedure to make Byles a saint began.


Cyst

A cyst is a closed sac, having a distinct membrane and division compared with the nearby tissue. 

It is a cluster of cells that has grouped together to form a sac however an aspect of a cyst is that the cells forming the "shell" of such a sac are distinctly abnormal when compared with all surrounding cells for that given location. 

It may contain air, fluids, or semi-solid material. A collection of pus is called an abscess, not a cyst. Once formed, sometimes a cyst may resolve on its own. When a cyst fails to resolve, it may need to be removed surgically, but that would depend upon its type and location.

Walter Reed National Military Medical Center

The Walter Reed National Military Medical Center (WRNMMC), formerly known as the National Naval Medical Center and also known as Bethesda Naval Hospital, Walter Reed, or Navy Med, is a United States' tri-service military medical center, located in the community of Bethesda, Maryland, near the headquarters of the National Institutes of Health. 

It is one of the most well known U.S. military medical centers in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area and the United States, having served numerous U.S. presidents since the 20th century. 

Ronald Reagan, on July 13, 1985, underwent surgery to remove polyps from his colon. In May 2018, First Lady Melania Trump successfully underwent cyst-removal surgery of the kidney at the hospital.

In October 2020, President Donald Trump was hospitalized with COVID-19 at Walter Reed. 

President of Israel

The President of the State of Israel (, "Nasi Medinat Yisra'el", or , "Nasi HaMedina", literally "President of the State") is the head of state of Israel.

The position is filled with executive power effectively being exercised by the Prime Minister. The current president is Isaac Herzog, who took office on 7 July 2021. Presidents are elected by the Knesset for a seven-year term and are limited to a single term.

Any Israeli resident citizen is eligible to run for President.

The first presidential election took place on 16 February 1949, and the winner was Chaim Weizmann.

Albert Einstein, a Jew but not an Israeli citizen, was offered the presidency in 1952 but turned it down, stating "I am deeply moved by the offer from our State of Israel, and at once saddened and ashamed that I cannot accept it. All my life I have dealt with objective matters, hence I lack both the natural aptitude and the experience to deal properly with people and to exercise official functions". Ehud Olmert was reported to be considering offering the presidency to another non-Israeli, Elie Wiesel, but he was said to be "very not interested".

As of 2021, there are two living former presidents:
The most recent serving and former president to die was Shimon Peres in September 2016.


Prokopis Pavlopoulos

Prokopios Pavlopoulos, (, , born 10 July 1950), commonly shortened to Prokopis (Προκόπης), was the President of Greece, in office from 2015 to 2020.

Pavlopoulos was a lawyer, university professor and politician, he was Minister for the Interior from 2004 to 2009.

President of Greece

The President of the Hellenic Republic (, "Próedros ti̱s Elli̱nikí̱s Di̱mokratías") is the head of state of Greece. The President is elected by the Hellenic Parliament.

His role is mostly ceremonial since the 1986 constitutional reform. The office was formally established by the Constitution of Greece in 1975. The current president, since 2020, is Katerina Sakellaropoulou, serving her first term in office. She is also the first female president.

Before taking office, the President must recite an oath before Parliament:

There is only one living former Greek president:

B Flow

Brian Mumba Kasoka Bwembya (born November 12) better known by his stage name B Flow (also written as B'Flow or B-Flow), is a Zambian Dancehall and Hip Hop artist, media entrepreneur, non-political social commentator, social justice advocate, part-time radio presenter, peer educator and founder of Music For Change Initiative. He is also the current chairperson of the HIV/AIDS and Social Commentary (HASC) committee of the Zambia Association of Musicians (ZAM). He is also a global ambassador in the fight against with the AIDS Healthcare Foundation (AHF). B Flow also took a new direction with his music, changing his genre to what is now known as “KaliDanceHall” (A mix of traditional Zambian Kalindula music and Dance Hall). In November 2016, the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) named B Flow as one of the 16 voices of activism against gender-based violence around the world.

B Flow was born in Kabwe on 12 November. He was raised by his grandmother Matilda Chiti-Byrne and his mother Mirriam Mulenga Mumba Byrne, a policewoman. B Flow cames from a family of Zambian musicians which include Chris Mbewe of The Great Witch Band, Anna Mwale of The Mwale Sisters and Ras Willie.

At the age of 8, he and his friends played a small band by turning pots and buckets into drums and making banjos (non-electric guitars) using tins, planks and strings. Among that band B Flow was the only one who is now a professional musician.
B Flow's first album Mpu mpu mpu (meaning heartbeat) was released in 2009. The album earned B Flow recognition at the 2009 Zambia Ngoma Awards and his second solo album called 'No More Kawilo' was released in 2011 (meaning no more loneliness). His third album 'Voiceless Woman' was released in 2013. His fifth album Dear Mama a dedication to his mother was released in 2016.

2017–18 UEFA Champions League

The 2017–18 UEFA Champions League was the 63rd season of Europe's top club football tournament run by UEFA. It is the 26th season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League.

<section begin=R16 />
The first legs were played on 13, 14, 20 and 21 February, and the second legs were played on 6, 7, 13 and 14 March 2018.

<section begin=QF />
The first legs were played on 3 and 4 April, and the second legs were played on 10 and 11 April 2018.

<section begin=SF />
The first legs were played on 24 and 25 April, and the second legs were played on 1 and 2 May 2018.

<section begin=Final />
The final was played at the NSC Olimpiyskiy Stadium in Kiev on 26 May 2018. The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw.
<section end=Final />

Statistics exclude qualifying rounds and play-off round.

The UEFA technical study group selected the following 18 players as the squad of the tournament.


Essam El-Hadary

Essam El-Hadary (; born 15 January 1973) is an Egyptian goalkeeper. He plays for Al-Taawoun in the Saudi Professional League. He is also the captain of the team. He plays for Egypt national football team.










Shukhov Lab

Shukhov Lab (Named after the Russian engineer: "Vladimir Shukhov") is a international research and educational unit of the Vysokovsky Graduate School of Urbanism in Moscow open in 2017. the purpose of the lab was established in order to investigate the future of the cities in Russia and the rest of the world.


Patrick Morrisey

Patrick James Morrisey (born December 21, 1967) is an American lawyer, politician and the Attorney General of West Virginia since 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party.

He was born in New York City. Morrisey studied at Rutgers University. He defeated five-term Democratic incumbent Darrell McGraw in the 2012 election.

In July 2017, Morrisey announced his candidacy for U.S. Senate. He lost the general election in November 2018 to incumbent Joe Manchin.


Adinad

Adinadu is a village in Kollam district, Kerala, India. Adinadu is included in Kulasekharapuram panchayath.

Karunagappally

Karunagappally is a municipality in Kollam district, Kerala, India.

Karunagappally was an ancient Buddhist site.

Under 2011 India census, the population of Karunagappalli Municipality is 45,336.

Karungappally used to be an agrarian economy until the late 19th century with coconut, banana, tapioca and paddy as the main crops grown. With rapid urbanization and the consequent pressure on land, the reliance on agriculture has dwindled. 
Fishing forms the major source of livelihood for the coast dwellers. The area also receives substantial foreign remittances from the large number of people from here working in the Gulf countries. Now Kerala's many prominent business centres had their branches here.

Karunagapalli assembly constituency is part of Alappuzha Lok Sabha constituency
and the major political parties in Karunagappally municipality and nearby panchayaths were CPI[M], CONGRESS, BJP.


Thazhava

Thazhava is a village in Karunagappally taluk, Kollam district, Kerala, India.

Main transport is provided by State owned Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) and private transport bus operators.

Karunagappally railway station is the nearest railway station.

Trivandrum International Airport is the nearest airport.


Pavumba

Pavumba is a village in the Kollam district. It is in the Indian state of Kerala.

 India census, Pavumba had a population of 16413 with 7772 males and 8641 females.

Thodiyoor

Thodiyoor is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.

As of the 2001 India census, Thodiyoor had a population of 23,123 with 11,244 males and 11,879 females. The famous temple Malumel Sree Bhagavathi is in this village.


Saint Petersburg Central Bus Terminal

The Saint Petersburg Central Bus Terminal is the main bus station of Saint Petersburg, Russia. The station was opened in 1963.


Koronadal

Koronadal, also referred to as Koronadal City and popularly known as Marbel, is the capital city of South Cotabato Province in Soccsksargen Region in Mindanao Island in the Philippines.

Kahoot!

Kahoot! is an online quiz game that is commonly used by teachers and some companies. Its learning games, also known as "kahoots", are user-made multiple-choice quizzes that can be played via a web browser or the Kahoot! app. Kahoot! was founded in 2012 by Johan Brand, Jamie Brooker, and Morten Versvik as a project with the . The user enters a Game PIN on the bottom of the app’s screen, and the next screen lets you type the nickname of your choice or you can choose to press the spinner button when the Nickname generator option is enabled. Kahoot! can also be used to review students' knowledge or as a break from any traditional classroom activities. Kahoot! also includes trivia quizzes anytime, anywhere. Kahoot! is known for its multiplayer quizzes for any subject, and in any language. During the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, Kahoot! can also be played during online learning using video conferencing tools such as Zoom, Skype, Microsoft Teams, and Google Meet by sharing your screen with the video call by tapping the Share screen icon on the conferencing tool.


List of British pornographic actors

A list of notable British pornographic film actors

Open Shortest Path First

Open shortest path first (commonly abbreviated to OSPF) is a routing protocol used for computer networks, and the internet. It is based on Dijkstra's algorithm, and has been standardized by the IETF. It is an interior gateway protocol, used to route packets inside the network of one organization.

Serekunda

Serekunda (, sometimes spelled Serrekunda) is the largest city in The Gambia.

It is close to the Atlantic coast, southwest of the capital, Banjul.

Ayman Hefny

Ayman Hefny (; born 31 December 1985) is an Egyptian football player. He plays as an attacking midfielder. He plays for Zamalek in Egypt.


Al-Nasa'i

An-Nasai (214 – 303 AH; c. 829 – 915 CE) was a noted collector of hadith. He wrote one of the six canonical hadith collections recognized by Sunni Muslims, Sunan al-Sughra, or "Al-Mujtaba", which he selected from his "As-Sunan al-Kubra". He was a Persian by origin.

Taft–Hartley Act

The Labor Management Relations Act of 1947 is a United States federal law that restricts the activities and power of labor unions. 

The act, still active, was sponsored by Senator Robert A. Taft and Representative Fred A. Hartley, Jr., and became law despite U.S. President Harry S. Truman's veto on June 23, 1947. Labor leaders called it the "slave-labor bill" while President Truman argued that it was a "dangerous intrusion on free speech", arguing that it would "conflict with important principles of our democratic society". 

The Taft–Hartley Act amended the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA; informally the Wagner Act), which Congress passed in 1935. The principal author of the Taft–Hartley Act was J. Mack Swigert, of the Cincinnati law firm Taft Stettinius & Hollister.

House Un-American Activities Committee

The House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC, or House Committee on Un-American Activities, or HCUA) was an investigative committee of the United States House of Representatives. 

The HUAC was created in 1938 to investigate alleged activities on the part of private citizens, public employees, and those organizations suspected of having communist ties. In 1969, the House changed the committee's name to "House Committee on Internal Security". When the House abolished the committee in 1975, its functions were transferred to the House Judiciary Committee.

The committee's anti-communist investigations are often associated with those of Joseph McCarthy who, as a U.S. Senator, had no direct involvement with this House committee. McCarthy was the chairman of the Government Operations Committee and its Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the U.S. Senate, not the House.

Ahmed Salah Hosny

Ahmed Salah Mohammed Hosny Hassan (born 11 July 1979) is a footballer from Egypt. He played for VfB Stuttgart and the Egypt national football team. He then turned to art and worked with Amr Diab and Mohamed Hamaki. He composed songs in their music albums. He also played a role in the Egyptian series "Sharbat Looz".

"Scores and results list Egypt's goal tally first:"

American Conservative Union

The American Conservative Union (ACU) is an American political organization that support for conservative policies and organizes the Conservative Political Action Conference. It was founded in 1964, it is the oldest such conservative lobbying organization in the country. 

The ACU is concerned with what they define as foundations of conservatism, issues such as personal liberty or freedom, foreign policy, and traditional values.

Frank Quilici

Francis Ralph Quilici (May 11, 1939 – May 14, 2018) was a former Major League infielder and manager. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He had a five-year playing career and a four-year managerial career. He played for the Minnesota Twins of the American League in 1965, then 1967-1970.

Quilici died on May 14, 2018 in Minneapolis, Minnesota at the age of 79.

Jlloyd Samuel

Jlloyd Tafari Samuel ( , 29 March 1981 – 15 May 2018) was a professional footballer. He played as a defender and midfielder. He played two full international matches for Trinidad and Tobago in 2009.

Samuel played as a youth for the renowned London junior team Senrab and was in the academies of West Ham United and Charlton Athletic before joining Aston Villa in 1998.

Samuel was killed in a car crash on 15 May 2018 in Cheshire, England at the age of 37.


Chuck Knox

Charles Robert Knox (April 27, 1932 – May 12, 2018) was an American football coach at the high school, college and professional levels. He was best known as head coach of three National Football League (NFL) teams, the Los Angeles Rams (twice), Seattle Seahawks, and Buffalo Bills. He was born in the Pittsburgh suburb of Sewickley, Pennsylvania.

Knox retired with a mark of 186 wins, 147 losses and 1 tie record, which at the time of his retirement was sixth all-time in wins.

Knox died of dementia on May 12, 2018 at the age of 86.

UNB (group)

UNB (Hangul: 유앤비) is a South Korean boy band formed through the KBS reality show, "The Unit". There are nine members in this group and they officially debut on 7 April 2018 with "Boyhood" mini album.



And TV

And TV (written as &TV ) is a Hindi language television channel It is owned by Zee Entertainment Enterprises. The channel was launched as a general entertainment channel from ZEEL group from its "&" bouquet. It started broadcasting on 2 March 2015.
List Of Programs Broadcast By &TV

List of programs broadcast by &amp; TV

This is the list of original television programs currently and formerly broadcast by &TV.




Waaris

Waaris () is an Indian Hindi drama-thriller television series, which premiered on 16 May 2016 and is currently broadcast on &TV. The series airs every Monday to Friday at 10:00 p.m. The title track of the series have been sung by Nooran Sisters. The series is based on the practice of Bacha posh, the show stars Aarti Singh and Saniya Touqeer in lead roles respectively, supported by Anand Suryavanshi, Akshay Dogra, Swati Bajpai in other pivotal roles. The show went off air on 1st December 2017 and it got replaced by Meri Hanikarak Biwi.

Amba, a Punjabi mother raises her girl child, Manpreet Pawania, as a boy. The show deals with its consequences. The show focuses on different situations. It shows the horrible gender discrimination still popular in society, and also every mother's love towards the child.

Amba has brought her own daughter Manpreet as a boy, to keep Mannu's father's title. She did this because Jaggan, Amba's brother-in-law was a cruel ruler and he may have destroyed the village - if given the power. Mannu now faces challenges while trying to push away his female qualities to become the son his mother needs. He befriends Raj Bajwa, a handicapped boy, who is neglected by his father of his disability. They both work together to try and bring peace to the village. Mannu's older sister, Simran (Simmi), has a love affair with Bajwa's eldest son Raman. Mannu sees this as an opportunity to bring the clashing families together, and form a bond of love between the Pawania and Bajwa families.

Now Manpreet has grown up to be Mannu and Raj falls for Preet who is also Mannu. But, Mannu comes to know that Raj was cheating her and wanted to destroy the respect of the Pawaniya family as he had a misconception that his elder brother was killed by Mannu. He reveals Mannu's reality and marries her for that sake. With the help of Amrit (Raj's mother), she gets enters the Bajwa's house. Then enters Sakshi, Raj's Best friend who also loves him, but Raj doesn't have feelings for her. Sakshi With Mohini always plan against Preet. Raj uses Sakshi To make Preet feel jealous. Simmi is alive but has losted her memory and is mentally unstable. Rohan, Raj's drunkard brother finds Simmi when she runs aways from godown where Amba has hide her. He wanted to use her to destroy Pavaniya's respect but eventually fall in love with her. Mohini is now very afraid because Simmi knows that she killed Raman not Mannu killed him. Raj and Preet do everything to make simmi memory bach but failed. Mohini afraid bring Chandar back to their lives who has now became Chandar Baba a fraud and flirts with Preet and Simmi both. he decides to get marry to Simmi which Preet and Amba dont want because they know their truth. Raj also is with Preet to help her and make her sign a contract according to which he would help her to make Simmi retain her memory but she has to divorce him afterwards. preet signs the contract and decides to get married to Chandar to save Simmi. but seeing her close to Chandar Raj realises that he now loves Preet but she no more believes him. he helps her a lot. then soon he and Rohan find that Mohini has killed Raman not Preet. He decides to prove it but fails and according to Mohini's plan preet is again framed. Jagan is arrested now because of kidnapping Babli and blackmailing his family. However on the day of marriage with Chandar Mohini is arrested and Simmi is married to Rohan secretly and she recalls her memory. Preet is saved from Chandar but is shot while saving Raj from him. Chandar is arrested but is still conspiring against Preet. Simmi rejects Rohan and doesn't believe their marriage. while Amba doesn't want any Bajwah's connection with her daughters. Raj proposes Preet and confesses his love but Preet rejects his love and hates him. Now both Raj and Rohan fight for their love while Preet and Simmi both reject them. While Preet makes Amba the Shah of Pavaniyas others oppose her and there is a major conspiracy of Chandar in it. There is a fight of men and women. where Raj supports Preet but she doesn't believe him. so to help and save Pavaniyas and women from the conspiracy Raj and Rohan come home as women of NGO. So will Raj be able to win Preet's love and celebrate this Diwali with her or Chandar's plan and Preet's hatred will win?



Boyhood (EP)

Boyhood (styled as BOYHOOD) is the debut mini album by South Korean boy band, UNB. It was released on 7 April 2018 by Interpark. This mini album consists of six songs and two of them were the lead singles – "Feeling" (감각) and "Only One".


Thevalakkara

The district has a long coastline, a major Arabian Sea seaport and in the coast of Ashtamudi Lake. Plains, mountains, lakes, lagoons and backwaters, forests, farmland and rivers is the major features of the Thevalakkara. The area historically had trading relationships with Phoenicia and Ancient Rome. About 30 percent of the district is covered by Ashtamudi Lake. 

The Thevalakkara is land which is surrounded by waterfields and paddy lands, according to the demography on population Hinduism 73%, Muslims 25% and Christians concludes 2%.


Chavara

Chavara is a village in Karunagappally taluk, Kollam district, Kerala, India. It is a part of Kollam Lok Sabha constituency constituency. The MLA of the constituency is currently Vijayan Pillai.

Chavara is on the shores of the Arabian sea and the major freshwater lake in Kerala, Ashtamudi, which flows through it. Chavara has many lakes and lagoons including Sasthamkota Lake. Popular tourist centres are St Andrew's Church, Kovilthottam, Kottankulangara Devi Temple, Kovilthottam beach, Kovilthottam lighthouse, and the area around Ashtamudi lake.

The village has a high supply of mineral sand, mainly titanium in its beaches. For the processing of titanium, India's first Titanium Sponge Plant in India (TSP) was developed by KMML ( Kerala Minerals and metals Ltd) here, inaugurated in 2011 by the then Defence Minister of India, A. K. Antony. IRE (Indian Rare Earths Ltd) is another public sector unit in Chavara. Kerala Premo Pipes a govt company(under KWA)in Chavara has been lying closed for the past 18 years.The Premo pipe factory which started production in 1961 and was closed in 1997 following adverse market conditions.Though an MOU was signed between KWA and HLL in the year 2011 for starting PVC pipes, same is yet to be materialized. Ratna mushroom is one of the famous mushroom farm in Chavara.


Neendakara

Neendakara is a village in Karunagappally taluk, Kollam district, Kerala, India. It is Kollam district's medium fishing port.
When Portuguese traders settled in Kollam in the early 16th century, their ships passed through the Neenadakara bar, now the site of Neendakara Bridge, part of National Highway 66, which connects the village to Sakthikulangara across Ashtamudi Lake.

In Malayalam, Neendakara means "a long bank".

The headquarters of the Indo-Norwegian Fisheries Community project, established in 1953, was based in Neendakara until 1961, when the site was handed over to the Government of Kerala.

Clappana

census in India

Kulasekharapuram

Kulasekharapuram is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.

Ayanivelikulangara

Ayanivelikulangara is a village in Kollam district, Kerala, India.


Panmana

Panmana is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.

As of the 2001 Indian census, Panmana had a population of 29139, of whom 14360 were male and 14779 were female.

Tri-State Tornado

The Tri-State Tornado was the deadliest tornado in the history of the United States. It took place on Wednesday, March 18, 1925. It was during an outbreak of 12 confirmed tornadoes. It covered a large portion of the Midwest and Southern United States.

The death toll from one tornado alone was 695. In Illinois, there were 613 deaths. There were 11 deaths in Missouri. There were at least 71 deaths in Indiana.
The tornado wasn't officially rated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. But it is recognized by most experts as an F5 tornado on the U.S. Fujita scale.

There were also tornadoes in Kentucky, Kansas, Alabama and Tennessee.

In 2018 U.S. dollars, damage from the tornadoes was $2.18 billion.

Kevin Kamenetz

Kevin B. Kamenetz (November 26, 1957 – May 10, 2018) was an American politician. He was born in Lochearn, Maryland. He was the 12th County Executive of Baltimore County, Maryland, serving between 2010 to May 10, 2018. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He served as a four-term County Councilman representing the Second District of Baltimore County.

On September 18, 2017, Kamenetz declared his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Maryland in the 2018 election.

On May 10, 2018, Kamenetz died at a hospital of cardiopulmonary arrest in Towson, Maryland at the age of 60.

Peter Mayer

Peter Michael Mayer (March 28, 1936 – May 11, 2018) was a British-born American publisher. He was born in London. Mayer was president of The Overlook Press/Peter Mayer Publishers, Inc., a Woodstock, New York-based publishing company he founded with his father in 1971. At the time of Overlook’s founding, Mayer was head of Avon Books, a large New York-based paperback publisher. From 1978 to 1996, Mayer was CEO of Penguin Books.

Recently, Mayer financially revived both Ardis, a publisher of Russian literature in English, and Duckworth, an independent publishing house in the UK.

Mayer died at the age of 82 in his home in Manhattan, New York, due to complications related to amyloidosis.

Ken Hodgkisson

William Kenneth Hodgkisson (12 March 1933 – 10 May 2018) was an English professional footballer. He was born in West Bromwich, West Midlands.

Hodgkisson played as an inside forward. He began his career with West Bromwich Albion, making his professional debut in 1953. He was sold to Walsall in 1956.

Hodgkisson went on to make over 350 appearances for the club during an eleven year spell, winning promotion on two occasions. He later played non-league football with Worcester City and Dudley Town, where he also spent three years as manager.

Hodgkisson died on 10 May 2018 at the age of 85.

Graham Lovett

Graham John Lovett (5 August 1947 – 10 May 2018) was an English footballer.

Lovett played most of his career as a midfielder for West Bromwich Albion, where he was on the winning sides for the 1966 Football League Cup Final and the 1968 FA Cup Final. He was forced to retire from the game at age 26, following two serious car crashes.

Lovett died in West Midlands, England on 10 May 2018 of a short-illness at the age of 70.

West Bromwich Albion


William Vance

William Vance was the pen name of William van Cutsem (8 September 1935 – 14 May 2018), a Belgian comics artist. He was born in Anderlecht, Belgium. Vance was known for his distinctive realistic style and work in Franco-Belgian comics. His best known works were "XIII", "Bob Morane", "Bruce J. Hawker" and "Bruno Brazil".

Vance died on 14 May 2018 in Santander, Spain of Parkinson's disease at the age of 82. 
In 2010, Vance retired because of the illness.



Roberto Farias

Roberto Farias (March 27, 1932 – May 14, 2018) was a Brazilian movie director, producer and screenwriter. He has directed 15 movies from 1957 to 2018. His 1982 movie "Pra Frente, Brasil" was entered into the 33rd Berlin International Film Festival. He also directed "Cidade Ameaçada" (1960), "O Assalto ao Trem Pagador" (1962) and "Pra Quem Fica, Tchau" (1971). He was born in Nova Friburgo, Rio de Janeiro.

Farias died of stomach cancer in Rio de Janeiro on May 14, 2018 at the age of 86.

Lochearn, Maryland

Lochearn is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Baltimore County, Maryland, immediately to the west of the City of Baltimore. The population was 25,511 at the 2020 census.

Towson, Maryland

Towson () is an unincorporated community and a census-designated place in Baltimore County, Maryland. The population was 59,553 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat, and the second-most populated unincorporated county seat in the United States.

Caribou, Maine

Caribou is the second largest city in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. Its population was 7,396 at the 2020 census.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and is water.

Nylander Museum is a well known musuem in the area.


Hilario Davide Jr.

Hilario Gelbolingo Davide Jr., GCSS, (born December 20, 1935) is a former successful Ambassador/Permanent Representative of the Permanent Mission of the Republic of the Philippines to the United Nations in New York City.

He was the 20th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines and head of the Judicial Branch of government from November 1998 to December 2005. As the highest judicial officer, he presided over the Supreme Court of the Philippines.

On June 30, 2010, President Benigno Aquino III announced that Davide will head a truth commission that will investigate important issues in the country.

Chief Justice of the Philippines

The Chief Justice of the Philippines () is the judge in charge of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. They are the highest ranking judge in the government of the Philippines. The current chief justice is Alexander Gesmundo. He was chosen to be the chief justice by President Rodrigo Duterte in 2021.

Antonio Carpio

Antonio Tirol Carpio (born October 26, 1949) is a Filipino lawyer. He is the Senior Associate Justice and former acting Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines.He replaced Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno who was ousted by "quo warranto" proceedings that voided her appointment as illegal and declared her term of office as "de facto" tenure. 

He was appointed to the Court by President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo and assumed office on October 26, 2001.

President of the Senate of the Philippines

The President of the Senate of the Philippines (), or more popularly known as the Senate President, is the presiding officer and the highest-ranking official of the Senate of the Philippines, and third highest and most powerful official in the Government of the Philippines. 

He/she is elected by the entire body to be their leader. The Senate President is second in line in succession for the presidency, behind the Vice President of the Philippines and in front of the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines.

Currently there are five living former Senate presidents:
"Legend:" Boldface means still an incumbent Senator.


Koko Pimentel

Aquilino Martin de la Llana Pimentel III, commonly known as Koko Pimentel, (born January 20, 1964) is a Filipino politician. He was the 28th Senate President of the Philippines from 2016 through 2018.

House of Representatives of the Philippines

The House of Representatives of the Philippines (), is the lower house of the Congress of the Philippines. It is often commonly referred to as Congress. Members of the House are officially styled as "representative" ("Kinatawan") and sometimes informally called "Congressmen/Congresswomen" ("mga kongresista") and are elected to a three-year term. They can be re-elected, but cannot serve more than three consecutive terms. 

Around eighty percent of congressmen are district representatives, representing a particular geographical area. There are 234 legislative districts in the country.

The House of Representatives is headed by the Speaker, currently Alan Peter Cayetano.


Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines

The Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines () is the presiding officer and the highest-ranking official of the lower house of Congress, the House of Representatives as well as the fourth highest and most powerful official of the Government of the Philippines.

The Speaker is elected by a majority of all of the Representatives from among themselves. The Speaker is the third and last in line in succession for the presidency, after the President of the Senate of the Philippines, and Vice President of the Philippines.

Currently there are six living former Speakers of the House:
"Legend:" A person's name in boldface means that the person is an actively serving Member of the House of Representatives.

Feliciano Belmonte Jr.

Fernando Feliciano "Sonny" Racimo Belmonte Jr. (born October 2, 1936) is a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines representing the Fourth District of Quezon City. He is also the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2010 to 2016. He served as the Mayor of Quezon City from 2001 to 2010.

Belmonte was a member of the Manila Jaycees, the Rotary Club of Manila and the Knights of Rizal. He was also Junior Chamber International World President in 1976.

Jose de Venecia Jr.

Jose Claveria de Venecia Jr. (born December 26, 1936) is a former Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines serving from 1992 to 1998 and from 2001 to 2008. He ran for president in the 1998 election but lost to Vice President Joseph Estrada, finishing second among 11 candidates.


Pantaleon Alvarez

Pantaleon "Bebot" Diaz Alvarez (born January 10, 1958) is a Filipino politician. He was the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2016 to 2018 and represents the 1st District of Davao del Norte, the Philippines. 

From 2001 to 2002, he was acting Secretary of Transportation and Communications. He is a supporter of President Rodrigo Duterte.

Supreme Court of the Philippines

The Supreme Court of the Philippines (; commonly called the "Korte Suprema") is the highest court in the Philippines. 

The Members of the Court include the Chief Justice and 14 Associate Justices. It follows the Constitution, the Supreme Court has "administrative supervision over all courts and the personnel thereof".

Currently the Supreme Court is Composed of:



Congress of the Philippines

The Congress of the Philippines () is the national legislature of the Philippines. It is made of the Senate (upper chamber), and the House of Representatives (lower chamber). although in the Philippines the term congress commonly refers to just the latter.

The Senate is made of 24 senators half of which are elected every three years. The House of Representatives is currently made of 297 congressmen.

A regular session can last until thirty days before the opening of its next regular session in the succeeding year. The President may, however, call special sessions which are usually held between regular legislative sessions to handle emergencies or urgent matters.

Global Communicorp UK

Global Communicorp UK owns UK radio brands including Capital networks in Scotland and South Wales, Heart Networks in Yorkshire and North Wales, Smooth Radio networks in the North East, North West and East Midlands as well as XS Manchester.

Another seven regional Capital, Heart and Smooth stations are part of the brands’ UK wide network. Also owned is one local station - XS Manchester.

Content and language integrated learning

Content and Language Integrated Learning, or CLIL, is an approach to foreign or second language education. Students learn both the foreign language and school subjects together at the same time.

Many people describe CLIL as having "Four C's." Usually they are: cognition, content, communication, and culture. Some people think "community" should replace culture.

CLIL comes from earlier approaches to language education such as bilingual education in Canada and Content-based Instruction in ESL and EFL around the world. CLIL has become very popular in primary and secondary education in Europe, especially Spain. But, it is becoming popular in many other countries, too.

Interior gateway protocol

An Interior gateway protocol is a routing protocol that is used within the routers of one autonomous system. An autonomous system might be one organisation, with its clients. Interior gateway protocols are able to handle more complex network topologies, compared to exterior gateway protocols. Exterior gateway protocols are used to route packets between two autonomous systems.

SOLID (object-oriented design)

SOLID is an acronym for a group of five good principles (rules) in computer programming. SOLID allows programmers to write code that is easier to understand and change later on. Solid is often used with systems that use an object-oriented design. 

SOLID was promoted by Robert C. Martin but the name itself was created by Michael Feathers.


Tiếng Gọi Công Dân

"Calling to the Citizens" (; ), also named "March of the Youth" (), was the national anthem of the Republic of Vietnam. It was composed by Lưu Hữu Phước, a communist. It was chosen as a national anthem in June 1948, though it was against by Lưu Hữu Phước himself.

Nowadays, the song is still sung by Vietnamese people who oppose the communist regime.

The national anthem had went through a total 5 edits with its title and lyrics. "Tiếng Gọi Công Dân" was the last title of the anthem. Nowadays, most Vietnamese overseas change the first line of the anthem "Quốc gia đến ngày giải phóng" to "Đứng lên đáp lời sông núi", meaning "Oh Citizens! Stand up [and] answer the call [of the] rivers and mountains".

"(Original lyrics in French by Mai Văn Bộ, original music by Lưu Hữu Phước)"

"Này Công Dân ơi! Quốc gia đến ngày giải phóng".
Đồng lòng cùng đi hy sinh tiếc gì thân sống.
Vì tương lai Quốc Dân, cùng xông pha khói tên,
Làm sao cho núi sông từ nay luôn vững bền.
Dù cho thây phơi trên gươm giáo,
Thù nước, lấy máu đào đem báo.
Nòi giống lúc biến phải cần giải nguy,
Người Công Dân luôn vững bền tâm trí.
Hùng tráng quyết chiến đấu làm cho khắp nơi
Vang tiếng người nước Nam cho đến muôn đời!
Công Dân ơi! Mau hiến thân dưới cờ!
Công Dân ơi! Mau làm cho cõi bờ
Thoát cơn tàn phá, vẻ vang nòi giống
Xứng danh nghìn năm giòng giống Lạc Hồng!

"Oh citizens! Our country has reached the day of liberation."
Of one heart we go forth, sacrificing ourselves with no regrets.
For the future of the people, advance into battle,
Let us make this land eternally strong.
Should our bodies be left on the battlefields,
The nation will be avenged with our crimson blood
In troublesome times, the Race will be rescued,
We the People remain resolute in our hearts and minds.
Courageously we will fight such that everywhere,
The Glory of the Vietnamese forever resounds!
Oh citizens! Hasten to offer yourselves under the flag!
Oh citizens! Hasten to defend this land,
Escape from destruction, and bask our Race in glory 
Be forever worthy of the descendants of Lạc Hồng!

Belling the Cat (movie)

Belling the Cat () is a 2014 Vietnamese animated movie. It was directed by Lê Bình.

Long ago, the mice had a general council to consider what measures they could take to outwit their common enemy, the Cat.

Some said this, and some said that ; but at last a young mouse got up and said he had a proposal to make, which he thought would meet the case.

"You will all agree", said he, "that our chief danger consists in the sly and treacherous manner in which the enemy approaches us. Now, if we could receive some signal of her approach, we could easily escape from her". "I venture, therefore, to propose that a small bell be procured, and attached by a ribbon round the neck of the Cat. By this means we should always know when she was about, and could easily retire while she was in the neighbourhood".

This proposal met with general applause, until an old mouse got up and said : "That is all very well, but who is to bell the Cat ?". The mice looked at one another and nobody spoke. Then the old mouse said : "It is easy to propose impossible remedies".



Manhoa

Truyện tranh (Chữ Hán: 傳幀) means comic in Vietnamese (aka Vietnamese Comics). This term has the English name Viet comics created by "" magazine in the 1960s to refer to comics originating in Vietnam. It is sometimes called by the older name Mạn họa (Chữ Hán: 漫畫). In Vietnamese sometimes it will be called by longer names such as: "Truyện tranh Việt Nam", "truyện tranh Việt", "truyện tranh nội", "truyện tranh ta", "truyện tranh trong nước"... to distinguish it from other types of foreign comics such as: "Truyện tranh Âu Mỹ" (Western comics), "truyện tranh Nhật Bản" (Manga)...

During the Medieval Annam, "Viet comics" often be called "mạn họa" (漫畫, comics) or "liên-hoàn họa" (連環畫, sequential drawings) which was affected by China and sometimes India. They illustrated philosophy or tales which were printed by wood-blocks. There were some drawings for the educating females which were called ""moral books" (Luân-lý giáo-khoa thư).
After the establishing of the Fédération indochinoise with a long peace, the printing technology developed strongly to make books and newspapers became more. "Viet comics" has appeared gradually as cartoons which was called "hoạt-kê họa" (滑稽畫), "hí họa" (戲畫) or "biếm họa" (貶畫).

About 1930s when Europeanisation movement was, "Viet comics" becamed an independent art with a big number of artists and readers. Customs&Mores Weekly (Phong-Hóa tuần-báo) and Today Weekly (Ngày-Nay tuần-báo) had known with three comic characters , Official's Son Weekly (Cậu-Ấm tuần-báo) with the "Three adventurous kids" (Ba đứa trẻ mạo-hiểm), Drake Weekly (Vịt-Đực tuần-báo) with sequential drawings what often satirized Annamese writers, Indochinese government, especially the Governors-General... "Viet comics" always be called "chuyện bằng tranh" (stories by drawings).

After WWII, there were comics what asked Vietnamese people against French Army and satirized French Government. In Hanoi and Saigon there were more comics what based on romance novels or knight tales. Besides, there were some comics with the topic of Vietnamese history and mythology.


From the late 1960s, comics flourished in the Republic of Vietnam by the Freedom of the Press. Firstly, the (established in 1962) called "Viet comics" as "Tranh-truyện Việt-nam" (Vietnamese pictorial-stories).

These led to an increase in the number of comic artists. The most famous illustrator and comic artist at the time was Võ Hùng Kiệt and he was also an illustrator for stamps. His comics were much loved by children and even women. Topics often as : Family, friendship, adventure, detective, science fiction, wuxia, fairytales... which was affected by French comics, American and Hollywood, even Jules Verne, Conan Doyle, Jin Yong's works.

In the Democratic Republic of Vietnam, comics usually appeared on Pioneer Magazine, Children Magazine and Kim-Đồng books. Their contents were about family, friendship, moral, war, fairytales... Northern artists' style always be affected by Soviet art.

After the Reunification Day, Viet comics' style was more and more un-diversity because the print has been difficult. However, in 1980s there were some Kim-Đồng's artists who started drawed in dó paper because they were very cheap. Topics often be fairytales and war for avoiding the censorship.


Viet comics have changed much since 1987 as they steadily developed though the years and gradually became similar to American comics with a growing number of comic artists and comic genres. Meanwhile, in response to the needs of children, the government attached special importance in encouraging the creation of comics. The most famous artist was Nguyễn Hùng Lân whose comics were popularly read ("Hero Hesman", "Vietnamese supermen", "Vietnamese fairytales"...). The content of these publications was broadly educational and offered lessons in moral philosophy for the reader. Many artists often "borrowed" international comics and animated films for imitating, as : "Well just you wait", "Superman", "Jurassic park", "Tom and Jerry", "Charlot"...

Everything was to change in 1992 with the import of manga by Kim-Đồng and Youth. Since 1995 when the manga storm would really hit, suddenly Viet comics with educational and moral stories were overwhelmed and dull by comparison. Manga was able to engage with a broad readership and was readily available ; it saturated the market even though most was then illegally printed. That changed in 2004 when Vietnam finally signed an expanded version of the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works, and copyright was discussed and respected. The management of sales and content of manga has since become strictly controlled.

Despite the "invasion" (called by 2000s Vietnames newspapers) of manga-manhwa-manhua fighting for a place in the Vietnamese market, 4 the rise of comics in a Vietnamese style was slow to gain pace given lingering prejudices, the feeling that comics were for children. Yet gradually, Vietnamese artists started to produce comics. In 2002, the Phan Thị Company published the comic series titled "Vietnamese child prodigies" (Thần-đồng đất Việt) and this was a turning point in Viet comics. It attracted many young readers and became a long-selling comic with more than 120 volumes produced. The comic might be considered similar to manga in panel layout and onomatopoeia (the formation of a word from a sound associated with what is named), and the style in which characters are drawn.

Moreover, Youth Laughs Monthly, Hoa Học Trò Weekly and Truyện Tranh Trẻ Magazine (Youth Publishing House) also worked positively. They called Viet comics as "mạn họa" for dream about the comics compared "triman" (manga-manhwa-manhua).

Từ Thức married a fairy

Từ Thức married a fairy () is a 1991 Vietnamese animated film, directed by Trang Nguyên.


Chavara Thekkumbhagom

Chavara Thekkumbhagom is a village in Kollam district, Kerala, India.

Coordinates: 8°57'48"N 76°33'43"E

Chavara Thekkumbhagom fully surrounded by the Ashtamudi lake. Beyond lake this place is bordered by Thevalakkara Panchayath on north, Kollam town on south, Thrikkaruva Panchayath on east and Chavara, Neendakara Panchayath on west.

The Nearest and main railway station is the Kollam Railway Station. Transportaion is provided by State owned Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) and private transport bus operators from Thekkumbhagom to Karunagappally via Pavumba bridge and Karunagappally to Kollam via Thekkumbhagom and Pallikkodi-Dalavapuram bridge (Inaugurated in 2007). 

The Kerala State Water Transport Department operates boat services from Kollam to West Kallada, Muthirapparambu, Munroe Island and Alappuzha. The Kollam-Muthirapparambu boat service attracts a lot of tourist attention.
The main boat jetties in the Panchayath are Guhanandapuram, Pallikkodi, Tholukadavu and Pavumba Jetty.

Educational institutions in this Panchayath are
Some Professional and Arts colleges near Thekkumbhagom Village

, Thekkumbhagom

Agriculture, Fishing, Coir etc. are themajor occupations in here.

All festivals based on the temples and Churches in the Panchayath.
There are various temples and Churches in Thekkumbhagom


Since Thekkumbhagom is a semi-urban area, some follow an urban life style. Recreational activities include sports, such as football, cricket, kabbadi, volleyball, swimming etc. Thekkumbhagom has three main sports grounds. They are


The first epic with the aim of Malayalam is the great poet Azhakath Padmanabha Kurup.



Agkistrodon contortrix

Agkistrodon contortrix is a species of venomous snake. The common name for this species is the eastern copperhead. It lives mainly on the eastern coast of North America and in the Mississippi drainage. They're common. Compared to others they're more likely to bite if they feel threatened. They're medium-sized. One of the longest ones ever recorded measuring a little more than four feet long. The copperhead is venomous, but its venom is rarely fatal to humans.

Copperhead snakes have reddish-brown bodies with a crossband pattern consisting of tan and copper. The average length adult copperheads is 76 cm in length. and are normally described as heavy-bodied snakes. Copperheads are sexually dimorphic. The head has a solid, rich brown color. Copperhead venom is usually not fatal to healthy adult humans. They can live up to 18 years.

It is found in North America. In the United States, it is found in Alabama, Arkansas, Connecticut, Delaware, Northern Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. In Mexico, it is found in Chihuahua and Coahuila.

It lives in many different types of habitats. In most of North America, it likes deciduous forest and mixed woodlands. During the winter, it hibernates in caves or in cracks in limestone. It is also found in coniferous forest. It is also found in the Chihuahuan Desert of West Texas and northern Mexico.

The copperhead eats mainly rodents, especially mice. Sometimes it eats birds, other reptiles, even snakes, and amphibians. They also feed on some insects, a lot of times cicadas, because of their size that'll fill a copperhead up. They eat other animals, but they're not the apex predator around their habitat, Their natural predators include kingsnakes, water moccasins (also known as cottonmouths), bullfrogs, large birds of prey, coyotes, alligators, and an other predators.

The copperhead snake is active from March or April to early November in the northern part of its range. During the winter, they have been seen to basking on warm days in December and January. Even though copperheads have been seen hibernating by themselves they usually hibernate together.

Copperheads are mainly active during the day in the spring and autumn. In the summer months, they become nocturnal to hunt during the evening.

The copperhead snake breeds in late summer, but not every year. They give birth to their young ones alive. They usually give birth to four to seven young ones. The young ones are lighter in color, and with a yellowish-green-marked tip to the tail, which is used to lure lizards and frogs.

Even though copperhead snakes are venomous, bites are almost never fatal. The symptoms of a bite from a copperhead snake is extreme pain, tingling, throbbing, swelling, and severe nausea.

The venom of the southern copperhead has been found to hold a protein called "contortrostatin" It stops the growth of cancer cells in mice and also stops the tumors from moving to other places in the body. However, further testing is needed to make sure that it is safe and efficient in humans.

The antivenom CroFab is used to treat copperhead bites that show symptoms. It is not given when there is no symptoms.

Stendal

Hansestadt Stendal or Stendal () is a town in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. About 40,000 people live in the city.

It is the capital of the Stendal District and the main town in the Altmark region.

Tale of Catfish and Toad

Tale of Catfish and Toad () is a 1993 Vietnamese animated film which was based on the fairy tale, directed by Ngô Mạnh Lân.

Catfish steals the tadpoles of Toad. Toad appeal to the official Tiger who orders the Catfish imprisoned. However Catfish's wife bribes the mandarin's assistant to have the case re-examined. After inspection of the pond the mandarin's inspectors declare that the tadpoles are the true offspring of Catfish.


Tale of Gióng the Saint

Tale of Gióng the Saint () is a 1970 Vietnamese animated film which was based on the mythology, directed by Ngô Mạnh Lân.
Tale of Gióng the Saint who was a hero of Phu Dong village.
By this film, director Ngô Mạnh Lân was called "Sir "Gióng" Lân". The film was produced at the time of Vietnamization when USAF attacked North Vietnam. Vietnam Animation Studio's staffs had evacuated in Vĩnh Phú province (now Phú Thọ province). They has performed the film at the night with oil lamp's light.


Tale of moon rabbits

Tale of moon rabbits () is a 1967 Vietnamese animated film, directed by Hồ Quảng.
At Mid-Autumn Festival, one bear stealed moon. Then a turtle with moon rabbits has determined to rescue the moon. But a tiger, a cobra and foxs prevented road to eat moon rabbits.
with Vietnam National Symphony Orchestra by conducting of Trần Quý.

The babygirl and the flowerpot

The babygirl and the flowerpot () is a 1970 Vietnamese animated movie, directed by Nghiêm Dung.


The Welldeserved Fox

The Welldeserved Fox () is a 1959 Vietnamese animated movie, directed by Lê Minh Hiền and Trương Qua.

The movie was based on poem "" (Con cáo và tổ ong) by Hồ Chí Minh.

In a forest lived Bear and Chicken. Once, Chicken was enticed by Fox for his eating. But Chicken ran away luckily.

Then Bear seeked Chicken and called Bees to chase Fox.
"The Welldeserved Fox" was known as the first animated movie of the North Vietnam.

By first plan, the movie would has the 300m length on 10 minutes, 15 thousand drawings on the 18x24cm size of cellophane. But Vietnamese infrastructures could not response, then drawers used typewriter papers which were soaked oil. Besides, their "desks" were glass windows what were in Vietnam Animation Studio's house on Hoàng Hoa Thám Street (Hanoi).



Hare and Wolf

Hare and Wolf () is a Vietnamese animated series. It was directed by M.A. Đặng Nhân Lập.




Republic of Vietnam Military Forces

The Republic of Vietnam Armed Forces or ARVN (/QLVNCH), were the official armed defence forces of the Republic of Vietnam (RVN), popularly known as South Vietnam, a state that existed from 1955 to 1975 that control half of Vietnam what is now the Socialist Republic of Vietnam. The QLVNCH was responsible for the defence of the Republic of Vietnam since its independence from France in October 1955.

The QLVNCH was formally established on December 30, 1955 by the Strongman and republican first President of the Republic of Vietnam (known simply as ‘South Vietnam’) Ngo Dinh Diem, which he declared on October 26 that year after winning a rigged referendum for either making South Vietnam a constitutional monarchy, or a presidential republic. Created out from ex-French Union Army colonial Indochinese auxiliary units (French: "Supplétifs"), gathered earlier on July 1951 into the French-led Vietnamese National Army – VNA (Vietnamese: "Quân Đội Quốc Gia Việt Nam" – QĐQGVN), Armée Nationale Vietnamiènne (ANV) in French, the armed forces of the new state consisted in the mid-1950s of ground, air, and naval branches of service, respectively:
Their roles were defined as follows: to protect the sovereignty of the free Vietnamese nation and that of the Republic; to maintain the political and social order and the rule of law by providing internal security; to defend the newly independent Republic of Vietnam from external (and internal) threats; and ultimately, to help reunify Vietnam – divided since the Geneva Accords in July 1955 into two transitional states, one at the north ruled by Ho Chi Minh’s Marxist Lao Dong Party regime and the other in the south under Diem’s anti-communist regime.



Pentti Siimes

Pentti Kalevi Siimes (10 September 1929 – 27 October 2016) was a Finnish actor. He appeared in 86 movies and television shows between 1946 and 2008. He was born in Helsinki, Finland.

Siimes starred in the movie "Miriam", which was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival. He was known for his role as PFC. Määttä in the 1955 movie "The Unknown Soldier".

Siimes died on 27 October 2016 in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 87.

Thread snake

The thread snake or the slender blind snake ("Leptotyphlops carlae") is the smallest known snake. They can be found in North America, South America, Asia and Africa.

They live in places like rainforests and dry areas like deserts, and are known to appear near ant and termite nests. This is the main source of their diet. Thread snakes lay eggs.

Ophidiophobia

Ophidiophobia or ophiophobia is the abnormal fear of snakes. It is sometimes called herpetophobia, which is a fear of reptiles or amphibians. The word comes from the Greek words "ophis" () meaning snake, and "phobia" () meaning fear. 

This is a phobia, so it does not include people who do not like snakes or fear them for their venom. A person with ophidiophobia (called an ophidiophobe) not only fears them when in live contact, but is scared to think about them or even see them in video or still pictures.

About a third of adult humans are ophidiophobic, making this the most common reported phobia. Scientists think that mammals may have an innate fear of snakes. This was vital for their survival as it allowed such dangerous threats to be identified immediately.

Eric Swalwell

Eric Michael Swalwell Jr. (born November 16, 1980) is an American politician. He served as the U.S. Representative from California since 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was elected in November 2012, beating incumbent Pete Stark, a fellow Democrat who had held the office since 1973. Swalwell took office on January 3, 2013.

Swalwell announced his candidacy on April 8, 2019 for the Democratic presidential nomination in the upcoming 2020 election on April 8, 2019. He dropped out from the race exactly three months later on July 8.

Links formerly displayed via the CongLinks template:

Dil Se Dil Tak

Dil Se Dil Tak (English: From Heart To Heart) was an Indian Hindi romantic television drama, which premiered on 30 January 2017 and aired on Colors TV.
The show deals with the concepts of surrogacy and selfless love. Its premise is based on the 2001 Bollywood film Chori Chori Chupke Chupke.The Show went Off Air on 1 June 2018 and it got replaced by Silsila Badalte Rishton Ka.

The Story initially focussed on the lives of Parth (Siddharth Shukla) and Shorvori (Rashami Desai), a happily married couple, which changes after the entry of Teni (Jasmin Bhasin), a young bubbly girl, who decides to become a surrogate mother to their child. But the Story now deals with the Love Triangle of Parth (Rohan Gandotra), Teni (Jasmin Bhasin) and Iqbal (Mohammed Iqbal Khan).

Parth Bhanushali (Siddharth Shukla), the grandson and heir to the conservative and affluent Bhanushali family falls in love with their employee, the Bengal-based beautiful Shorvori (Rashami Desai), and marries her, despite rejection by and subsequent separation from their family. Two years later, Shorvori gets pregnant and is accepted by Parth's family. However, an unfortunate accident results in a miscarriage, rendering Shorvori infertile. Parth and Shorvori keep the miscarriage hidden from the family, not wanting to ruin their happiness and contentment. Then enters their lives, Teni (Jasmin Bhasin), a carefree-outgoing-lively-bubbly Gujarati girl whom Parth and Shorvori select for surrogacy, in return of their promise to fulfill Teni's dream of going to America. Teni gets pregnant with Parth and Shorvori's child through IVF. Shorvori introduces Teni as her cousin to the family as she begins to live in Bhanushali house. Parth's aunt Poyni (Urvashi Upadhyay) with her daughter Sejal (Himani Sharma) doubt that Teni is hiding something and to be not related to Shorvori, given her ways and Gujarati dialect. Sejal tries to defame Teni in front of the family but in vain. Later, the family arranges for Teni's engagement, but she manages to call it off, proclaiming that she is already in a relationship with Parth's friend, Aman (Kunal Verma). Aman comes from the US on Dadaji's (Tej Sapru) insistence to get the situation clear but ends up falling in love with Teni at first sight and proposes marriage to Teni. Teni agrees, to fulfill her desire to get settled in America and live a financially secure life with her lover, Aman. Parth's family conducts a ritual for his and Shorvori's prospective child's welfare but on Shorvori's insistence, Teni sits in the puja with Parth as she is bearing the child. Teni wavers in her decision to marry Aman as she starts falling in love with Parth, the love that she realises as her impending marriage with Aman approaches, but decides to marry Aman for his, Parth and Shovori's sake. Teni however ends up confessing her feelings to Parth as he contemplates revealing everything to Shorvori. Meanwhile, Bhanushali family is in turmoil following the revelations regarding Teni's pregnancy as Parth accepts the baby to be his! Aman is even forced to break all ties with her and he walks out of her life. But when Shorvori come to Parth and Teni's defense, Dadaji comes to the shocking decision of banishing the trio from the family. But on getting to know of the surrogacy truth, the family eventually forgives Parth, Shorvori and Teni as they are again welcomed in the Bhanushali family.

Parth-Shorvori along with the entire Bhanushali family redouble their efforts to take care of Teni and the perspective child. However, Indu (Vaishnavi Mahant), Parth's mother, starts criticizing Shorvori,for lying about her pregnancy to the family. Shorvori feels distressed and goes on to misunderstand Parth's growing relationship with Teni upon noticing Parth and Teni in few random situations. Shorvori makes a stern request, following which Parth stays away from Teni and even refuses to talk to her. Now with the two people closest to her acting distant and aloof, Teni feels neglected and interacts with Parth ragarding the matter as Shorvori walks in and spotting them together, she lashes out at Parth for breaking his promise and accuses him of cheating on her and takes the drastic decision of leaving the house, ending her relationship with Parth. Later, Teni gets to know that Shorvori has brain tumour and is going to die soon. She just pretended as if she misunderstood Parth and Teni to earn their hatred. She forbids Teni from informing Parth about her condition and wants Teni to be the woman for Parth after her death. Shorvori continues her drama to make Parth and family members hate her, but in vain. Teni decides to help her out in her drama as finally, Shorvori sends divorce papers to Parth and even gets him arrested for one night. The family turns against Shorvori as they now believe that Parth should forget Shorvori and marry Teni instead.The entire family supports Teni when she decides to leave the house with the unborn child as Parth had declined her marriage proposal. Parth begins to suspect Shorvori's true intentions and asks Teni to make Shorvori sign the divorce papers in his presence as a condition for marrying Teni. Shorvori calls Teni talk in private, but meets with an accident as her car's brakes fail and it crashes into a tree. Teni witnesses the accident but fails to rescue Shorvori as the car goes up in flames, killing Shorvori!

Teni informs Parth and the family that Shorvori is dead, much to their shock. Parth disbelieves her, but is heartbroken on seeing the dead body in the hospital. While the family members lament Shorvori's death, Parth struggles to cope with the pain of losing her. Teni, following Shorvori's wish, together with the family, finally convinces Parth to move on for the sake of his and Shorvori's unborn child, however, refuses to marry Teni. On seeing the accident video of Shorvori on Teni's phone, Parth accuses her of murdering Shorvori and tries to get her arrested, without listening Teni's explanation. But Dadaji takes Teni's side and saves her. Thereafter, Teni, following another heated argument with Parth, has labour pain as in just 7 months, she gives birth to a baby girl (whom Teni later names the baby as Ipshita, as per late Shorvori's wish, from Parth's 'P',Shorvori's 'S' and Teni's 'T'). After her delivery, Teni's life is at stake, but Parth donates blood to her, saving her life; and in return, Teni, following Parth's demand, leaves the house and again settles in her colony, where she starts her catering business.

On new year's occasion, Parth becomes Teni's partner in a couple dance performance in a competition held in Teni's colony and they win. Teni decides to go to America and asks Parth to come to help her get her visa. Parth becomes very sad and finally confesses his love for Teni and proposes her to marry him which she happily accepts. The whole family prepares for their wedding as per ritual. It is now revealed that Shorvori is alive and had been in coma for 3 months. She returns to the house to reclaim Parth on the day of his wedding with Teni, but gets emotional on seeing Parth marrying Teni and leaves the venue. A stranger offers to drop her, but is drunk and starts misbehaving with her after she gets in the car. This incident is recorded in a CCTV camera and is shown in the news. Parth and Teni, on seeing this, decide to go to Nainital where they get to know Shorvori might be staying.

In gs about Teni and saying that she is having a bad intention and Shorvori starts believing it. On the day of Parth's and Shorvori's wedding anniversary, Poyni tells Parth about Teni's sacrifice. Parth later meets Teni in private and they both promise they will be good friends like they were before. Shorvori wants Parth to either choose Teni or her. Teni hears all this and decides to leave the house. Teni's foot accidently slips and Teni falls. At the hospital Teni starts acting weird. The doctor says that Teni is suffering from Selective Memory Loss. Teni starts living in the Bhanushali House as Ipshita's Caretaker. Later, due to some misunderstandings Teni thinks that Bhanushali Family wishes to sell her and are indulged in human trafficking. So she flees away from the Bhanushali House.

The Story shows Parth's daughter Ipshita (Chhahat Tehwani) who is now grown-up. Shorvori has died and Teni is missing from last 6 years. Every family member misses Teni and sees her resemblance in Ipshita. Ipshita misses her mother, Shorvori and Parth also remembers every moment spent with his wife's Shorvori and Teni because Shorvori is dead and Teni is missing. On the other side, Teni is leading a happy life in Delhi and has become a sales manager. She has another love interest named Iqbal (Mohammed Iqbal Khan) who she is about to marry. Due to some consequences Parth and Teni meet each other. Parth and his mother tried to convince her and failed by the cause of Teni's memory loss. Then after leaving Iqbal's house Teni and Parth see each other at the minister's building as goons came to the building already creating chaos forcing the minister to let a man be free from jail. But the minister refused. Gunshots were heard as Parth followed Teni as the goons ensured that was no one in the building.



Bengt Nilsson

Bengt Nilsson (17 February 1934 — 11 May 2018) was a Swedish high jumper. In 1954 he won the Swedish and European titles and set a European record at 2.11 m. He was awarded the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal. He was born in Härnösand, Sweden.

Nilsson got injured at the 1956 Summer Olympics and finished only 26th. He retired from athletics shortly thereafter.

Nilsson died on 11 May 2018 at the age of 84.

Michael Slive

Michael Lawrence Slive (July 26, 1940 – May 16, 2018) was an American attorney and college sports executive. He was born in Utica, New York.

Slive was the commissioner of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) from 2002 until 2015. He served as the coordinator of the Bowl Championship Series for the 2006 and 2007 regular seasons. He was a member of the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Committee through September 2009 and served as the chairman of the committee for the 2008–09 academic year. He retired as commissioner effective July 31, 2015.

Slive died of prostate cancer in Birmingham, Alabama on May 16, 2018 at the age of 77.

Utica, New York

Utica () is a city in the Mohawk Valley and the county seat of Oneida County, New York, United States. Its population was 65,283 in the 2020 U.S. census.

It is located on the Mohawk River at the foot of the Adirondack Mountains. Utica is about 90 miles (145 km) northwest of Albany and 45 miles (72 km) east of Syracuse. Utica and the nearby city of Rome anchor the Utica–Rome Metropolitan Statistical Area, which makes up all of Oneida and Herkimer counties.



State College, Pennsylvania

State College is a borough in Centre County in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. It is the largest designated borough in Pennsylvania. In the 2010 census, the borough population was 42,034 with about 105,000 living in the borough plus the surrounding townships often referred to locally as the "Centre Region." 

Many of these Centre Region communities also carry a "State College, PA" address although are not part of the borough of State College.

State College is a college town, dominated economically and demographically by the presence of the University Park campus of the Pennsylvania State University (Penn State).


Bassetki

Bassetki is a small village in Iraq, in Dohuk Governorate of autonomous Iraqi Kurdistan. Several important archaeological finds were made there.

In 1975 a fragment of a figure of Naram-Sin of Akkad was found near Bassetki. The statue is now called the Bassetki Statue. 

In August–October 2016,  the Institute for Ancient Near Eastern Studies from the University of Tübingen and Hasan Qasim from the Directorate of Antiquities in Dohuk did archaeological work near Bassetki. They found the remains of a large Bronze Age city.  The city was started around 3000 B.C. It lasted for more than 1,200 years. From around 2700 B.C., the city had a wall protecting the upper part of the city from invaders. The city had a large road network, many residential districts and a palace. A contemporary cemetery was located outside the city. The city was connected to other regions of Mesopotamia and Anatolia by a roadway dating from around 1800 B.C. The archeologists also discovered settlement layers dating from the Akkadian Empire.  The finds were announced by the University of Tübingen on 3 November 2016.

In the summer of 2017, archaeologists from the University of Tübingen in Germany uncovered a collection of Assyrian cuneiform tablets hidden inside a collection of ceramic jugs. These tablets are 3,200 years old. They indicate that the ancient lost royal city of Mardaman was where Bassetki is today.

Brahmagupta

Brahmagupta () (born , died ) was an Indian mathematician and astronomer. He was the author of two early works on mathematics and astronomy: the "Brāhmasphuṭasiddhānta" (BSS, "correctly established doctrine of Brahma", dated 628).

Brahmagupta was the first to give rules to compute with "zero". The texts composed by Brahmagupta were composed in elliptical verse in Sanskrit, as was common practice in Indian mathematics. As no proofs are given, it is not known how Brahmagupta's results were derived.


Fuke Zen

Fuke Zen was a branch of Zen Buddhism which existed in Japan from the 13th century until the late 19th century. Fuke monks were noted for playing the shakuhachi flute as a form of meditation. It was characterized in the public imagination of Japan by the Fuke Zen monks playing the shakuhachi flute while wearing a large woven basket hat that covered their entire head as they went on pilgrimage.

Siberian languages

Siberian languages may refer to any languages spoken in Siberia, including:


Orrery

An orrery is a mechanical model of the Solar System. It shows the relative positions and motions of the planets and moons. It is usually a heliocentric model.

The Greeks had working planetaria. The first orrery that was a planetarium of the modern era was produced in 1704. One was presented to Charles Boyle, 4th Earl of Orrery – hence the name. They are usually driven by a clockwork mechanism. The globe in the centre represents the Sun, and a planet is at the end of each arm.

The first known orrery was the Antikythera mechanism, variously dated from 60 to 150 BC.

Clockwork

Clockwork means the inner workings of mechanical machines clocks (where it is also called a "movement". Also other similar mechanisms with a complex series of gears.

A clockwork mechanism usually has a clockwork motor. This has a mainspring, a spiral of metal ribbon. Energy is stored in the mainspring by "winding it up", turning a key attached to a ratchet which twists the mainspring tighter. Then the force of the mainspring turns the clockwork gears, until the stored energy is used up. The adjectives "wind-up" and "spring-powered" refer to mainspring-powered clockwork devices. These include clocks and watches, kitchen timers, music boxes, and wind-up toys.

Analogue computer

Analogue computers are mechanical or electronic devices which solve problems. some are used to control machines. They were once the only way a machine could be controlled, and are still used in cases where digital computers are not the best choice. The abacus, a digital device also sometimes called a computer, was used by Babylonians in c. 2500 BC.

The earliest known analogue computer in metal was the Antikythera device. However, this was certainly not the first in other forms. Some people think that mental inventions count as analogue computers, such as the invention of the zero (Ancient Egypt 1700 BC). But in that case almost every invention by mankind would count as an analogue computer, and that is not really how the term is used.

Certainly the invention of the slide rule was important for calculations. They were developed in the 17th century by William Oughtred, after John Napier's work on logarithms. Slide rules are definitely mechanical calculating machines. They were the most commonly used tools in science and engineering before the 1960s/1970s.

For the industrial revolution the invention of James Watt's governor was critical, because it was a negative feedback control for large pumps and engines. In fact most analogue computers work with continuous data rather that discrete or digital data. They are like abstract models of the real world. An analogue engine models the critical aspects of the real-world engine.

Since the middle 20th century some wristwatches have had a circular slide rule built in. They were mostly used in aviation. Such a calculator is considered too technical a device for most other watch wearers. The circular slide rule has not been emulated digitally in any notable applications.


Tiger keelback

The Tiger keelback ("Rhabdophis tigrinus") is a species of venomous colubrid snake that lives throughout East and Southeast Asia.

The tiger keelback is shy, so it would be rare to be attacked by one, but they sometimes do, and they do need to survive. And in order to survive, a snake must have a good form of defense. And the tiger keelback has a very interesting form of defense. In addition to having ordinary venomous snake fangs, they have another trick up their sleeve. Like the poison dart frog and sea slug, the tiger keelback doesn't bother to produce its own venom - rather, it gets its deadly venom from the toads it eats as part of its normal diet. When the tiger keelback feels even the tiniest bit threatened, it'll angle the two little glands on the back of its neck and use it against the predator, the one who seems a threat to the snake. The liquid, or rather, "fluid," that exits the snake's nuchal glands contains something called bufadienolides, that irritate airways and affect heart muscle. 

The snake eats poisonous toads, which fuels the snake's venom. The tiger keelback also eats a few other small vertebrates.

Mike Braun

Michael K. Braun (born March 24, 1954) is an American businessman and politician. Braun is the junior United States Senator of Indiana since January 3, 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party.

He was born in Jasper, Indiana. Braun studied at Wabash College and at Harvard Business School. He served in the Indiana House of Representatives from 2014 to 2017, representing the 63rd District.

In August 2017, Braun announced his candidacy for U.S. Senate. In November 2018, Braun defeated incumbent Senator Joe Donnelly.

After Joe Biden won the 2020 presidential election and Trump did not accept his defeat, Braun defended Trump's efforts to overturn the election results and his claims of election fraud.

In September 2022, it was reported that Braun would not run for re-election to the Senate and instead run for Governor of Indiana in the 2024 election. In November 2022, he officially announced his candidacy for Indiana governor.


Flying snake

The flying snake, or "Chrysopelea", is a mildly venomous snake found throughout India to the Indonesian archipelago. It can glide, in an arboreal habitat, going from tree to tree, most likely, much like the draco lizard. They're better at "flying" than another species of animal similar to this - the flying squirrel. 

The flying snake has venom, but much like garter snakes, the snake is so small that the amount of toxins in their saliva is only enough to kill their prey, which will be covered later on in the section about the flying snake's diet. If challenged by an animal far bigger than their venom can bring down, they might bite anyway just to give the predator a great deal of pain, or may choose "flight" rather than "fight" and "fly" away.

The flying snake's usual diet consists mainly of lizards, birds, frogs, bats, small mice and other rodents, which they catch during the day since they're a diurnal creature. 

There are five known species of flying snake, which are the following:


Adichanalloor

Adichanalloor is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.

 India census, Adichanalloor had a population of 27767 people, with 12980 males and 14787 females.


Alayamon

Alayamon is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.

 India census, Alayamon had a population of 12869 with 6226 males and 6643 females.

Dixon, California

Dixon is a city in northern Solano County, California, United States. It is about from the state capital, Sacramento. The population was 18,988 at the 2020 census. Other nearby cities include Vacaville, Winters and Davis.


Malaise

Malaise is the general feeling of being sick. It can be described as a general discomfort or mild pain throughout the body. Malaise is caused by many kinds of illnesses, which can be very mild like the common cold. They can also be worse, like cancer.

Discovery Bay, California

Discovery Bay is a census-designated place (CDP) in eastern Contra Costa County, California, United States. It is about from San Francisco. It is in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area. As of 2020, its population was 15,358.


Alberto Giacometti

Alberto Giacometti (; 10 October 1901 – 11 January 1966) was a Swiss sculptor, painter, draftsman and printmaker. His parents were Giovanni and Annetta and his family grew up with art. His father was a Post-Impressionist painter. 

When he was ten, he began drawing with pencil and crayon and sending his drawings to his godfather, Amiet. Then he started to use oils and he painted his first photo of a face at the age of 12. He used his siblings as models. 

In 1915, he went to the Evangelical School in the town of Schiers. He left school in 1919. He continued to develop his art skills in Geneva where he enrolled at the École des Arts Industriels. He travelled to Venice, Padua, Florence and Rome. Here, he was influenced by the collections of Egyptian art he studied. African and Oceanic art also inspired him. He also focused on the surrealism of art. Example of this are "Suspended Ball" and "The Palace at 4 a.m".

From 1922, he lived and worked mainly in Paris. He regularly visited his hometown Borgonovo to see his family and to work on his art.

In 1940, Giacometti and his brother, Diego, went to the south of France to escape Nazi invasion. He returned to Paris in 1941. He died on 11 January 1966.

Giacometti was one of the most important sculptors of the 20th century. His work was particularly influenced by artistic styles such as Cubism and Surrealism. 

M46 Patton

The M46 Patton was an American tank. It was developed in 1948 and 1949. It was an improved version of the M26 Pershing. 168 tanks were made, manufactured between 1949 and 1952. They were one of the main tanks used in the Korean war.

Salinas, California

Salinas is the county seat and largest municipality of Monterey County, California. It is an urban area located just outside the southern part of the Greater Bay Area and east-southeast of the mouth of the Salinas River. The population was 163,542 as of 2020.
Salinas is known for its vibrant and large agriculture industry and being "The Salad Bowl of the World" as the hometown of writer and Nobel Prize in Literature winner John Steinbeck, who based several of his novels there.


Spes

Spes was the personification of hope in Ancient Rome, especially the hope to have children, and the hope for a good harvest. Spes also has a counterpart in Greek Mythology, called Elpis. Usually, Spes was portrayed as a girl, on her toes. It was depicted as wearing clothes similar Venus. Spes was venerated in Rome, at least from the 5th century BC.

Egyptian Premier League

The Egyptian Premier League is league competition of Egyptian football. It consists of eighteen teams. The teams compete in a home and away league system. The league is known as the Presentation Egyptian Premier League. The highest attendance in the history of the league is 120,000 (in a match betwwen Al Ahly and Zamalek). The Egyptian League was established for the first time in 1948. Al-Ahly Club leads the most winning teams in the championship with 41 titles, followed by Zamalek Club with 12 titles, while the Ismaili Club occupies third place with 3 championships.

The five most popular Egyptian clubs are Al-Ahly, Zamalek SC, Ismaili, Al-Ittihad Al-Sakndary and Al-Masry. Also there is a historically established club named Tersana.

This is a summary of seasons:


Faiyum

Faiyum (;  ̀Ⲫⲓⲟⲙ or Ⲫⲓⲱⲙ) is a city in the Middle of Egypt. It is  away from Cairo. The city is located in the Faiyum Oasis, and it is the capital of Faiyum Governorate. The city was called Shedet in Ancient Egypt. When the Greeks took Egypt, they called it Crocodilopolis or Krocodilopolis. the Romans called it Arsinoë. It is one of Egypt's oldest cities, and it has a strategic location. 




Donald Moffat

Donald Moffat (26 December 1930 - 20 December 2018) was an English-American actor. He was born in Plymouth, Devon. Moffat trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. His best known roles as Lyndon B. Johnson in "The Right Stuff" (1983), the corrupt U.S. President in "Clear and Present Danger", as well as Garry, the station commander in "The Thing".

Moffat died on 20 December 2018 in Sleepy Hollow, New York from complications of a stroke, six days before his 88th birthday. 

Kenji Sahara

Kenji Sahara (佐原 健二 "Sahara Kenji", born "Tadashi Ishihara") (born 14 May 1932) is a Japanese actor. He was born in Kawasaki City, Kanagawa. His real name is Masayoshi Kato (加藤 正好 "Katō Masayoshi"). His first big movie role was in "Rodan" (1956). Sahara did a lot of work for the Toho Company, the studio that has so far has produced twenty-eight Godzilla movies starting with the first movie.


François de Candie

François de Candia was a Savoyard nobleman, Vidame, Viscount of Geneva (Latin: Vice Dominus Genevarum) and Captain of the castle on the island of the Rhône in 1377.


House of Candia

The House of Candia was a noble family from Savoy. It held a castle at Chambéry-Le-Vieux under the name "Château de Candie".

François de Candie was Viscount of Geneva (Latin:"Vice Dominus Genevarum") and Captain of the castle on the island of the Rhône in 1377.


Mansoura, Egypt

El-Mansoura () is a city in Egypt. 960,423 people live in it. It is the capital of the Dakahlia Governorate.

"Mansoura" in Arabic means "victorious". The city's name came from the Egyptian victory at the El Mansoura Battle over Louis IX of France during the Seventh Crusade.

Mansoura is on the east bank of the Damietta branch of the Nile. It is about 120 km northeast of Cairo. The town of Talkha is on the other bank of the Nile

The Köppen-Geiger climate classification system classifies its climate as hot desert (BWh).



Alimukku

Alimukku"'" is a village in Kollam district. The head office of Piravanthoor Panchayat is here.

Nearby locations of interest include the Achenkovil Sastha temple (37 km away on the Alimukku-kottakkayam-mullumala-achenkovil route), Ayiravalli Shiva temple (one of the rarest shiva temples in Alimukkue, having nadaraja vigraha in kerala), State Farming Corporation of Kerala (SFCK) Ltd, and a government cooperative college founded in 2011. The Alimukku-Karavoor road is a bypass road for "sabarimala" travelers

Alumpeedika

Alumpeedika is a small village/hamlet of Oachira in the Kollam district of Kerala, India. It comes under Clappana Panchayath and belongs to South Kerala division. It is located 31 km North of the district headquarters, Kollam, 1 km from Oachira, and 101 km from the state capital, Thiruvananthapuram. Nearby towns include Kayamkulam, Oachira, and Karunagappally. Alumpeedika is near the border of the Kollam and Alappuzha districts. It is near the Arabian Sea.

Ochira and Kayamkulam Junction train stations are nearby; however, Quilon Junction railway station is 32 km from Alumpeedika.

Anchalumoodu

Anchalumoodu is a town and neighbourhood of the city of Kollam, India. 

Speciality of Anchalumoodu is that, 75% of it is surrounded by Ashtamudi lake, which is famous for its scenic beauty and attracts hundreds of tourists around the globe to Kollam.

The nearest railway station to Anchalummodu is Perinad railway station which is about 2.5 km from the town. All passenger trains stop at this railway station. Kollam Junction Railway Station, one of the biggest junction and busiest railway stations in Kerala is 9 km away from Anchalumoodu. Kundara railway station is 9 km away from Anchalumoodu town.

Anchalumoodu is connected well with roads. The town is 8 km away from Kollam city centre Chinnakada and 8 km from Kundara town. Regular city services and transport buses are there to Kollam city from Anchalumoodu.
Bus services are available to important places in Kerala which include Trivandrum, Ernakulam, etc.

Anchalummodu has its fair share of privately owned and state owned educational institutions. Institutions of education are affiliated to either the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE), the Central Board for Secondary Education (CBSE), or the Kerala State Education Board. Most private schools use English as the medium of instruction whereas government run schools offer both English and Malayalam as a medium of instruction. The Government Higher Secondary School at Anchalumoodu is one of the biggest and reputed government schools in Kollam district. The main higher education centre near to Anchalumoodu is the College of Engineering, Perumon.

Anchalumoodu has a mix of different religious community. Main temples in and around Anchalumoodu town include Kadavoor Siva temple, Ashtamudi Virabhadra Swamy temple, Panayam Durga Temple, Sastholi Temple, Kuppana Velayudha Mangalam Temple, kolleril Siva Temple,Karuva Temple, Perumon devi temple
Mosques include Kureepuzha Mosque, Karuva Mosque and Chiraiyil Mosque.
Important churches are St.Thomas Orthodox Church, Inchavila and the Church at Kureepuzha.

Tiger snake

"Not to be confused with the tiger keelback snake"

The tiger snake ("Notechis scutatus") is a venomous species of snake inhabiting Australia and its coastal islands, Tasmania included. 

Tiger snakes generally situate themselves near a source of water, such as a creek or wetland. They live from Western Australia to South Australia, and also in its coastal islands, such as Tasmania.

It eats mainly frogs and tadpoles, but also small rodents, bats, insects, lizards, fish, birds, and they might also eat each other. 

Tiger snake venom has myotixons, coagulants, haemolysins, and neurotoxins, all of which are dangerous to people.

Jasmine Thompson

Jasmine Ying Thompson (born 8 November 2000 in London) is an English pop singer.

At the age of ten, Thompson started a YouTube-channel. After only one year, she met Robin Schultz, he saw that Jasmine Thompson can become a good singer and asked Thompson to sing with him. So in 2013, when she was 13 years old, her first song was published. She didn't become internationally popular until her song "Ain't Nobody," with that song she got on place one in the German singlecharts. In England she got place 4. She became popular although she is still 17 years old. She lives near London.


Thompson is the daughter of a Chinese mother and an English father.

Eduard Mudrik

Eduard Nikolayevich Mudrik (; July 18, 1939 in Starobilsk – March 27, 2017 in Moscow) was a Soviet Russian footballer.

He earned 8 caps for the USSR national football team.


Northern water snake

The Northern water snake, or "Nerodia sipedon", is a species of non-venomous snake found throughout North America.

The Northern water snake is true to its name and is often found swimming in bodies of water including bogs, marshes, lakes, rivers, ponds and streams. They are also sometimes found basking, since like all snakes they're cold-blooded, and they're sometimes found under logs or rocks near a water source. 

The Northern water snake eats mostly small fishes, reptiles, amphibians, small mammals and insects. 

The Northern water snake, if threatened, will bite even though its bite isn't venomous, and musk on you. Their form of defense is very similar to that of Garter snakes.

Battle of Blair Mountain

The battle of Blair Mountain lasted four days. It was a bloody battle, and it was very deadly to fight or be in. The Battle of Blair Mountain was the largest labor uprising in United States history and one of the largest, best-organized, and most well-armed uprisings since the American Civil War. 

Dates: Aug 25, 1921 – Sep 2, 1921

Location: Logan County, West Virginia, U.S.

Result: Victory for law enforcement and military

The Battle of Blair Mountain was the result of years of bitter labor disputes between the miners and coal companies of southern West Virginia. Since the late 1800s, the coalfields of the state's Mingo, Logan and McDowell Counties had operated under a repressive company town system.

National Popular Vote Interstate Compact

The National Popular Vote Interstate Compact (NPVIC) is an agreement among some U.S. states and the District of Columbia. It changes how the Electoral College chooses the president of the United States. The states agree to give all their votes in the Electoral College to the person with the most votes from regular people in the whole country. The agreement makes sure that person will become president. When that result is guaranteed, the agreement will become active.

Now, fifteen states and the District of Columbia are in the agreement. Together, they have 195 votes in the Electoral College, which are called "electoral votes". When the agreement has 270 electoral votes, it will become active.

The NPVIC is an interstate compact. It will become active when its members control most of the Electoral College. Before that happens, the members will give their electoral votes the way they do now. After that, they will give all their electoral votes to the person with the most votes from Americans in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. (That person wins the "popular vote".) This way, that person will become president.

The U.S. Constitution lets state legislatures decide how to give their votes in the Electoral College. It says this in . The Constitution does not say how the states must do this. (However, the 14th Amendment says that states cannot discriminate against some groups of people.) In the past, states used different ways. Today, nearly all states give all their electoral votes to the person with the most votes in that state, even if they do not have a majority of the votes in that state. Maine and Nebraska separate their electoral votes between areas called "districts". The NPVIC changes how its members give out their electoral votes.

In the past, some people who did not get the most votes became president anyway. Most Americans want the person with the most votes to be president despite the fact that two States, California and New York would essentially cancel out the votes of 43 other States and limit the amount of personal exposure those States receive from potential presidential candidates. In 2007, 72% of surveyed Americans said they wanted to change the Electoral College to a direct vote. This included 78% of Democrats, 60% of Republicans, and 73% of independent voters. Surveys since 1944 show most Americans want a direct vote, except in 2016. Reasons for the NPVIC include:

Several newspapers support the NPVIC. They include "The New York Times", the "Chicago Sun-Times", the "Los Angeles Times", "The Boston Globe", and the "Minneapolis Star Tribune". These newspapers say that the current system makes people not want to vote. They say the current system gives too much attention to a few states and their problems. Other newspapers are against the agreement, including the "Honolulu Star-Bulletin" and "The Wall Street Journal". The former governor of Delaware, Pierre S. du Pont IV, said the agreement gives too much power to cities and states with many people. He said it would make politics be about only city problems, and it would let worse people run for office. The League of Women Voters made a list of documents that argue for and against the agreement.

Some of the biggest arguments are given below:

Today, people running for president give most of their money and attention to states where the vote will be close. The other states are mostly ignored. The maps here show the amount of advertising and visits by the top two people running in 2004. This is adjusted by the number of people in each state. People who support the NPVIC say that it will make the people running work to get votes in every state. People who are against the NPVIC say that states with few people and few cities will not get enough attention.

Some people are against the NPVIC because they worry about cheating. Governor du Pont said that it is easier to add a few false votes in many places than to add many false votes in just a few places. However, National Popular Vote says that adding together all the votes in the country will make it more difficult to cheat. Today, the winner can be decided by a very small number of votes in just one state.

The NPVIC does not say how to count the votes again if the result is not clear. Each state does this for its own votes. However, the result for the whole country can be close even if the result in each state is not. People who support the agreement say that a close result is less probable in the whole country than in each state.

People don't agree about whether the Electoral College helps states with few people, or states with many people. The Electoral College is not designed to be proportional to population: states with few people have more electoral votes for each person than states with many people. If the Electoral College were proportional, California would have 19% more power than it does now. The states with the fewest people would have 30% less power. However, some people say that states with many people have more power than one may expect, because they control so many electoral votes at once. The NPVIC gives the same power to every person, no matter where they live.

Some people believe the NPVIC would help one political party or another, which would not be fair. Pierre S. du Pont IV, a Republican, says the agreement would help Democrats and people in cities. However, Saul Anuzis of the Republican National Committee thinks that the agreement will help Republicans, because he believes most people are closer to Republican political positions. Writer Hendrik Hertzberg of "The New Yorker" says the agreement helps neither party: in the past, each party sometimes had the better position in the Electoral College. In the last five elections, the Democrats had the better position in three years (2004, 2008, and 2012) and the Republicans had it in two years (2000 and 2016). In four of those years, Democrats won the most votes in the country.

The NPVIC can force a state to give its electoral votes to someone who did not win the most votes in that state. For this reason, two governors (Arnold Schwarzenegger of California and Linda Lingle of Hawaii) stopped their states from joining the agreement. (Both those states later joined the agreement.) People who support the agreement say that the number of votes in any one state is not as important as the choice of most people in the whole country.

Those who support the NPVIC say that it is legal and allowed by the U.S. Constitution. Article II of the Constitution lets states decide how to give out their electoral votes. The two men who created the agreement, Akhil Reed Amar and Vikram Amar, hold this position. Jamie Raskin agrees. Raskin is a professor of law and a Congressman from Maryland. He put his name on the first NPVIC bill that became law.

One law student wrote that the agreement could break the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which protects minority voters. However, the U.S. Department of Justice decided that the agreement does not hurt minority voters. It allowed California to join the agreement in 2012. Rob Richie of the organization FairVote says that the NPVIC "treats all voters equally". The same student wrote the NPVIC tries to go around the normal way of changing the Constitution. Raskin replied that going around in this way is legal.

Ian Drake, an assistant professor of political science, believes the agreement will only be proper if the Constitution is changed. Other writers believe that the agreement is already proper. Those who vote in the Electoral College promise to vote for a certain person, but they do not have to vote that way by law. Michael Brody believes that this makes the agreement proper.

It is possible that the agreement needs to be approved by Congress. The Constitution says that agreements between states need Congress to approve. However, the U.S. Supreme Court says that this is not always true. They talked about that question in the court case "Virginia v. Tennessee" and others. They decided the only agreements that need approval are those that threaten the authority of the U.S. government. Every Vote Equal says that the NPVIC cannot threaten the authority of the U.S. government, because the Constitution lets states decide how to give out their electoral votes. Derek Muller does not agree. He argues that the NPVIC affects the U.S. government system, and so it needs approval. Ian Drake says that Congress is not allowed to approve the agreement. Those who support the NPVIC do not agree. They do not think the agreement needs approval from Congress, but they plan to ask for this approval in any case.

In the past, people have made several plans to end the Electoral College by changing the Constitution. This is called an "amendment". However, this is very difficult to do. First, two thirds of the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives need to approve the change. Then, three quarters of the states need to approve the change.

The plan that came closest to success was the Bayh-Celler plan. It was introduced in the 91st Congress, which met from January 1969 to January 1971. It was introduced by Representative Emanuel Celler of New York. The Bayh-Celler plan would have ended the Electoral College, and instead made a system using the popular vote. The pair of people with the most votes would become president and vice president, as long as they got more than 40% of the votes. If no one got more than 40%, a new vote would happen with the top two pairs. Celler's plan was approved in the House of Representatives in 1969, by a vote of 338–70. However, it was stopped in the Senate by a filibuster.

In 2005, Representative Gene Green of Texas introduced another plan to chose the president and vice president using the popular vote. Green introduced his plan to Congress as a "joint resolution" called H.J.Res. 9. It was also called the Every Vote Counts Amendment. Congressman Jesse Jackson, Jr. of Illinois and Senator Bill Nelson of Florida also introduced joint resolutions in the 111th Congress, which met from 2009 to 2011. All of these plans died in committees, before the whole Congress could vote on them.

In 2001, a law professor named Robert Bennett introduced a new plan. Bennett's plan did not require a change to the Constitution. His plan used the power of the states instead of fighting against it. In Bennett's plan, a group of states that control most of the Electoral College could work together. They would make the popular vote decide the result of elections.

Two other law professors, brothers named Akhil Reed Amar and Vikram Amar, supported this plan. The Amar brothers proposed an agreement between states, made with laws in those states. The states would give all their electoral votes to the person who won the popular vote. The agreement would not become active until it guaranteed that person would win the Electoral College and become president. This agreement became the NPVIC.

The Amar brothers' plan uses two parts of the Constitution:

The Amar brothers' plan could work with as few as eleven states. They believe it would not need approval from Congress. However, that is not certain: the section Approval by Congress explains why.

In 2006, the computer science professor John Koza wrote a book called "Every Vote Equal". The book argues for a National Popular Vote agreement between states. (Koza knew about agreements between states from his work on lottery tickets.) Koza, Barry Fadem, and others made a non-profit organization called National Popular Vote. This organization promotes the NPVIC. It is led by people from both major political parties, including former Senators Jake Garn, Birch Bayh, and David Durenberger, and former Representatives John Anderson, John Buchanan, and Tom Campbell.

In 2006, legislatures in six states looked at NPVIC bills. Illinois even introduced a bill before National Popular Vote announced it at a press conference. That year, the Colorado Senate approved the bill. Both houses of the California legislature approved the bill, but Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger stopped it with a veto.

In 2007, 42 states looked at bills to join the NPVIC. One house of the legislature approved bills in Arkansas, California, Colorado, Illinois, New Jersey, North Carolina, Maryland, and Hawaii. Maryland was the first state to join the agreement. Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley signed the agreement into law on April 10, 2007.

Fifteen states and the District of Columbia have joined the agreement.

All 50 states have looked at bills to join the NPVIC. In some states, only one house has approved the agreement: Arizona, Arkansas, Maine, Michigan, Nevada, North Carolina, and Oklahoma. Maryland, New Jersey, and Washington had bills to leave the agreement, but these failed.
The U.S. Congress can stop laws in the District of Columbia within 30 working days, but they did not do this.

Some states allow laws to be made with a direct vote by the public, called an "initiative" or a "referendum". First, supporters must get a certain number of people to sign their names. Then, the question can be given to the voters. In 2018, groups in Arizona, Maine, and Missouri worked on initiatives to join the agreement, but these did not get enough people to sign.

Nate Silver, who studies elections, says that the NPVIC cannot succeed without support from "red" states (states that mostly vote for Republicans). So far, only "blue" states have joined (states that mostly vote for Democrats). However, legislatures controlled by Republicans have agreed to join the agreement in Arizona, Oklahoma, and New York.

Palamedes

Palamedes may refer to:

Palamedes (video game)

Palamedes is a puzzle game requiring the player to match the dice they are holding to the dice at the top of the screen. Using the "B" button, the player can change the number on his/her dice, then throw the dice using the "A" button when it matches the dice at the top of the screen, which wipes the target dice off the screen. The player can play in "solitaire" mode against the computer or another player, or "tournament" mode against AI opponents. There are six sides and numbers on the dice, making an attempt to match all the numbers on the screen and eliminating them as a challenge.

Ports of the game were published for the NES, MSX, FM-Towns and Game Boy by HOT-B. The Japan-only sequel, "Palamedes 2: Star Twinkles", was released in 1991 for the NES by HOT-B. It featured most of the same basic gameplay elements as the original but with the play field scrolling in the opposite direction.

On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored the Game Boy version of the game a 22 out of 40.

Wallis and Futuna national football team

Wallis and Futuna national football team is the national football team of Wallis and Futuna.

Monaco national football team

Monaco national soccer team is the national soccer team of Monaco.

List of entries in the Eurovision Song Contest

This is a list of all the artists and songs that have competed in the Eurovision Song Contest semi-finals and grand finals from 1956 to 2023.

This list presents all the cases when a country withdrew or was disqualified from the contest.

This list presents versions of the entries recorded in the official languages that were not used in the contest performance of the represented country.

Women in the American Revolution

Women had many roles in the American Revolution.
Some were "Camp followers" equivalent to Military service Units (food, nursing, repairing clothing, etc). Many helped organize boycotts of British goods.

Others took a more active role:

Hugo Guerra

Hugo Romeo Guerra Cabrera (25 February 1966 – 11 May 2018) was a Uruguayan football player. He was born in Canelones, Uruguay.

Guerra played for Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata, Huracán, Boca Juniors and Ferro Carril Oeste in the Primera División de Argentina.

Guerra died from cardiac arrest on 11 May 2018 at the age of 52.

Guaviare Department

Guaviare () is a department of Colombia. It is in the southern central region of the country. The capital is San José del Guaviare.

2018 Santa Fe High School shooting

A gunman opened fire at Santa Fe High School in Santa Fe, Texas, on May 18, 2018. The attack left ten people dead (eight students and two teachers). At least 13 people from the shooting were treated at Texas hospitals, including eight students. Six of the eight students have already been discharged.

Police identified the alleged shooter as 17-year-old Dimitrios Pagourtzis, who was taken into custody. A second person, an unidentified 18-year-old, was also taken into custody.

President Donald Trump expressed his thoughts in a press conference shortly following the shootings, and promised action from his administration.

 

Santa Fe, Texas

Santa Fe () is a city in Galveston County, Texas, United States. The population of Santa Fe at the 2020 census was 12,735.

Razia Sultan

Razia Sultan is an Indian historical television Soap Opera drama.
The show tells story of the first Indian women sultana of Delhi Razia Sultana.
The was produced by Swastik Pictures.
The show was shown on television from 2 March 2015 to 23 October 2015.

During the 13th century, Iltutmish, the sultan of Delhi, appoint his daughter Razia as the head of the state. 
Razia Sultana fought oppositions from conformists in establishing a flourishing kingdom.

Dimitrij Ovtcharov

Dimitrij Ovtcharov (; born 2 September 1988 in Kiev) is a German table tennis player, who comes from the Ukraine.

His parents were Sovetian National players, so they trained Dima in his childhood. 2005 he got into the Bundesleague. His best moment came first at the Olympics 2008 in Beijing, in the singles he lost very early but with the German team he came to the final, were they lost to China. But in thiy year he won for the first time the European Championships. At the World Championships (this was the first of him) Ovtcharov reached the Round of 16, where he met his teammate Timo Boll, so he lost to him. At the German National Championships he lost very just to Bastian Steger. Also he won the Brazilian Open, where Dima doesn't give up a set. 2012 he took part in the Olympic Games again, where he won with the team bronze. He lost his match against Ma Long. In the singles Ovtcharov beat Michael Maze in the Quarterfinals, in the 3rd place match he met Chuang Chih-Yuan an beat him. At the European Championships he lost in the singles in the Quarterfinals but won together with Wladimir Samsonow the bronzemedal. In this year he was voted as the player of the year. 2013 he took part in the World Championships but lost again- this time in the Round of 16. In this year he became for the first time European Champion and won the third place at the World Cup- in the match he beat Timo Boll. At March 2014 he became German Champion, at the WTTTC they won after 2010 and 2012 for the third time the silvermedal. 2015 Ovtcharov took part in the WTTC, where he lost again- this time in the second round already. At the European Championships he won silver with the team and the goldmedal at the Europe Games in the singles. 2016 he took part in the Olympics, where he met the Quarterfinals, there he lost to Wladimir Samsonow despite a 2:0 leading. The World Cup and the European Championships ending very early, too. This was not a good year of Ovtcharov, because his grandmother ia death and had to spend lots of time of his child. 2017 he won the Europe-Top three times. 2018 lost early at the German Open, but won the World Team Cup and the 2nd place at te WTTTC with th team.




His parents were Russian, so he speaks Ukrainian, Russian and German.

The Lena Goldfield incident, 1912

The Lena Goldfields incident was a notorious incident that occurred on 17 April 1912 in the Lena Goldfields in Siberia. Demands from the miners there for better pay and conditions were resisted by the employers, who appealed to the police to arrest the strike leaders as criminals. 
The issue thus became the much larger one of trade union rights in Russia. When the police moved into Lena, the strikers closed ranks and the situation rapidly worsened, resulting in troops firing on and killing or injuring a large numbers of miners. The Okhrana (Imperial Russian army) appeared to have acted as agents provocateurs in order to identify the organizers of the strike.

Lucian Pintilie

Lucian Pintilie (; 9 November 1933 – 16 May 2018) was a Romanian movie director and screenwriter. He was known for directing "The Reenactment", "An Unforgettable Summer", and "Next Stop Paradise".

In 1968, he produced "The Reconstruction" thought by movie historians to be the most important representation of Romanian cinema.

Pintilie died on 16 May 2018 in Bucharest, Romania at the age of 84.

Arackal

As of the 2011 India census, Arackal had a population of 16,739 with 7,963 males and 8,776 females.

Aryankavu

The Palaruvi Falls is in the forest away from Aryankavu. Rose Mala is a tourism place in Aryankavu away from Aryankavu Junction.

Reckitt Benckiser

Reckitt Benckiser Group plc (RB) is a British multinational consumer goods company headquartered in Slough, England. They also produced of health, hygiene and home products.


Avaneeswaram

Avaneeswaram is a small village located on Kunnicode-Pathanapuram road in Kollam district, Kerala. It is about 7 kilometers south of Pathanapuram town and 36 kilometers from Kollam. It is a part of Vilakkudy panchayat. Avaneeswaram has a FCI (Food corporation of India) storage facility. Economy of this village primarily is agricultural. Most common farm produce includes coconut, tapioca, areca, and cashews. Some rice cultivation is also seen.

The roads to Thalavoor and Pattazhy pass through Avaneesaram. Avaneeswaram is connected to Kollam city by Kollam-Punalur Broad gauge railway line. Avaneeshwaram railway station "(Code: AVS)" falls under the Madurai railway division of the Southern Railway Zone. It is a 'D-Class' Adersh Station.

There are so many worship centers in Avaneeswaram. "Thanniyappankavu Sree Mahadevar Temple", "St. Mary's Orthodox Church", "Emmanuel Marthoma church", "St.Mary's Malankara Catholic church", "Avaneeswaram Juma Ath" etc. are some of them

Slough

Slough is a large town in Berkshire, England. It is on the western fringes of the Greater London Urban Area, west of central London, north of Windsor, east of Maidenhead, southeast of High Wycombe and northeast of the county town of Reading. It is between the Thames Valley and London and at the intersection of the M4, M40 and M25 motorways.

Ayiranalloor

Ayiranalloor is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.

As of the 2001 India census, Ayiranalloor had a population of 13359 with 6494 males and 6865 females.

Edakkidom

Edakkidom is a village in Kollam district in the Indian state of Kerala, located about north of Kollam city. The main attraction is Thettikkunnil Mahadevi Temple.


This village has a majority population of the Hindus (Mainly Nairs and Ezhavas).

This village is mainly dependent on agricultural products which includes rubber, black pepper, cashewnut, rice Plantain etc. Some of the famous nearby places are Kollam, Kottarakkara, Ezhukone, Odanavattom, Punalur etc.

Kareepra Cooperative Bank, Edakkidom & SupplyCo Maveli Store at KSN Building, Sodiac Tiles (BK Agencies), SLS wood industries, Mother rubber manufacturers. Rajan cashews, Ambalakara cashwes factory,11 KV Substation (KSEB) AM Junction Edakkidom North,S.R. Agencies

There is one primary school at Edakkidom, Govt L.P.School Edakkidom, and one aided SANSKRIT secondary school SNGSHS Kadaikode, Edaikkidom , KNS memorial S N Central school (CBSE), St George vocational higher secondary school at Chowalloor, Edakkidom. Sree Sankara Sanskrit vidyapeetam (BA, MA in Sanskrits), S.S.V.U.P.S Edakkidom.Akshya computer education centre,SRI SRI ACADEMY EZHUKONE-Edakkidom 691505


The Kerala backwaters of Kollam/Alappuzha is 14 km from Edakkidom. Some of the tourist spots near Edakkidom are Thenmala Ecotourism (39 km) and Palaruvi Water Falls (33 km).
Edakkidom is a part of assembly constituency Kottarakara and Lok Sabha constituency Mavelikkara. INC, CPI(M) is the major working political party in Edakkidom.

Lake Morat

Lake Morat or Lake Murten (; ) is a lake in the cantons of Fribourg and Vaud in the west of Switzerland. It is named after the small bilingual town of Murten/Morat on its southern shore.

Edamon

Edamon is a village in Punalur taluk in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.

 India census, Edamon had a population of 12453 with 5980 males and 6473 females. The population has reduced to 12,029 with 5,652 males (47%) and 6,377 females (53%) as per the survey of census during 2011 by Indian Government.

Edamulackal

Edamulackal is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India. Edamulackal is near the second fastest growing town of Kerala, Anchal. Edamulackal is developing fast in education and service sectors. The land allows many kinds of farming. Farms use water from the Ithikkara river.

 India census, Edamulackal had a population of 22142 with 10586 males and 11556 females.

Elamad

 India census, Elamadu had a population of 26382 with 12571 males and 13811 females.

Elampal

Elampal is a village in Kollam district of Kerala, India. It is known for its religious unity, festivals, and rich heritage. Elampal means young in Tamil. It lies on the Kollam-Thirumangalam National Highway (NH-744). The nearest town is Punalur. Its pin code is 691322. 

Its government is under the General Education Department of the Government of Kerala offers education from Standard I to VII. 

Elampal Service Cooperative Bank Limited and Federal Bank

Elampal(Ilambal, as they say) are the major banks in the locality. 

Valiyavila family was the landlords of this place with multiple business.They held the major land and property at this region.

The village has two temples: Kottaram Aayiravally Devi Temple and Elampal Mahadevar Temple, which is one of the very old temples in Kerala.

Experts says the temples history dates back to The Sangha era.

A new temple is now being constructed at Thiruvazhi . 

It has churches and mosques also including: St. Thomas Mar Thoma Church, Elampal, Mar Gregorios Orthodox Church Marangadu, St. George Orthodox Church, Elampal, St. Thomas Malankara Catholic Church, Thiruvazhy, and Church of God. 

Elampalloor

 India census, Elampalloor had a population of 28473 with 13783 males and 14690 females.


Lake Onega

Lake Onega (also known as Onego, ; or ; Karelian: "Oniegu" or "Oniegu-järve"; Veps: "Änine" or "Änižjärv") is a lake in the northwest part of the European country of Russia. It is the second largest lake in Europe after Lake Ladoga.

Elikkattoor

Elikkattoor is a village in the Kollam district. It is in the Indian state of Kerala. It is near Punalur.

Elikkattoor is a part of Punalur assembly constituency in Kollam (Lok Sabha constituency). K. Raju is the current MLA of Punalur. N. K. Premachandran is the current member of parliament of Kollam.

Ezhukone

Ezhukone () is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India. It is between Kottarakkara and Kundara.



 India census, Edakkidom Ezhukone had a population of 23741 with 11414 males and 12327 females.

Flag of Connecticut

The flag of the state of Connecticut is a white baroque shield with three grapevines. Each vine has three bunches of purple grapes. The background of the flag is azure blue.

Flag of Nevada

The flag of the state of Nevada is a blue field. The upper left corner has two green sagebrush branches around a silver star with the text "Nevada" and "Battle Born".

Harriet Bosse

Harriet Sofie Bosse (19 February 1878 in Oslo – 2 November 1961 in Oslo) was a Norwegian actress.

The actress Bosse began her career as an actress at a Theatre group from her sister, it follow engagements in Stockholm. Of course that, Harriet Bosse became very famous in Scandinavia. Of course that, she was seen from August Strindberg- they married in 1901. In that time August wrote a lot of pieces for Harriet and Harriet for him. Of course August was very jealous, the married ends in 1904. 1912 she went through a dark phase of life- her exman August Strindberg died and her nephew and second exman, too. In 1919 she reacted for the first time in front of a camera. In this year she turned two movies "Ingmasörnerna" and "Kameraden". After sixteen years she truned the third movie "Bombi Bitt och jarg". The next years she worked one more time with a movie, but died at the 2nd November 1961 in the middle of filming in a stroke.



Hereward the Wake

Hereward the Wake was an Anglo-Saxon nobleman. He resisted William the Conqueror. His base was the Isle of Ely in East Anglia. According to legend he roamed the Fens, covering North Cambridgeshire, Southern Lincolnshire and West Norfolk, leading popular opposition to William the Conqueror.

Hereward was exiled from England by Edward the Confessor around 1060 - the exact date is unknown - when he was around 14 or 18 years old. Some sources point his own father as requesting the exile as he was a troublemaker. 

It is unknown exactly when the next event happened but it is thought to have happened around 1069 and 1070. After being exiled Hereward returned to his family home where he discovered that the Normans had murdered his brother and set his head above the door. Hereward sought revenge and murdered a bunch of Normans and set their heads in place of his brother's. Hereward then fled to the Fens where he was sheltered by Abbot Thurstan. 

Around spring time in 1070, Hereward the Wake and King Sweyn of Denmark took the Isle of Ely. Hereward made the Isle his base for his rebellion against the Normans. 

June, 1070, Hereward raided Peterborough Abbey as an act of defiance against the Normans. He stated that he would take the Abbey's treasures into safekeeping away from the Normans. Some sources state that his uncle was the Abbot of the Abbey and Hereward persuaded his uncle to kill him.

Several primary sources exist for Hereward's life. Their accuracy is difficult to judge. They are the version of the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" written at Peterborough Abbey (the "E manuscript" or Peterborough Chronicle), the "Domesday Book" (DB), the "Liber Eliensis" (Book of Ely) and, much the most detailed, the "Gesta Herewardi" ("Gesta").

Curtis Hanson

Curtis Lee Hanson (March 24, 1945 – September 20, 2016) was an American movie director, producer, and screenwriter. He was known for his directing work. His works include the psychological thriller "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle" (1992), the neo-noir crime movie "L.A. Confidential" (1997), the comedy "Wonder Boys" (2000), the hip hop drama "8 Mile" (2002), and the romantic comedy-drama "In Her Shoes" (2005).

Hanson won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in 1998, for co-writing "L.A. Confidential" with Brian Helgeland.

Hanson later retired from his work. He was reported to suffer from dementia. He died of natural causes at his Los Angeles home at the age of 71.

Lincoln, Missouri

Lincoln is a city of Benton County in the state of Missouri, United States. 1,144 people lived there in the 2020 census.

A post office called Lincoln was founded in 1866. The city was named after Abraham Lincoln, sixteenth President of the United States.


Karlsruhe, North Dakota

Karlsruhe ( ) is a small town in McHenry County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 87 at the 2020 census. It was named after the German city of Karlsruhe.

Pleasanton, California

Pleasanton is a city in Alameda County, California, incorporated in 1894. It is a suburb in the San Francisco Bay Area. It is about east of Oakland, and west of Livermore. The population was 79,871 at the 2020 census.

Pleasanton was ranked number 4 in "USA Today"'s list of "America's 50 best cities to live in" in 2014, number 63 in "Money" list of "The Best Places to Live" in 2010, and was named one of "Americans' Top Hometown Spots" in the United States in 2009 by "Forbes". Pleasanton was named the third richest city in terms of earnings in the United States by NerdWallet in 2013.


Juan de Pareja

Juan de Pareja was a Spanish painter. He was born near Málaga in 1606 or 1610 and died 1670 in Madrid. De Pareja was a slave. He is known mostly as a member of the household and workshop of painter Diego Velázquez. Velázquez freed him in 1650. His 1661 work The Calling of Saint Matthew (sometimes also referred to as The Vocation of Saint Matthew) is on display at the Museo del Prado in Madrid, Spain.

Owning slaves to help with the household and workshop seems to have been common amongst Spanish painters of the time. Francisco Pacheco, the teacher of Velázquez owned a Turkish slave. Francisco López Caro, another pupil of Pacheco, owned a black slave. 

Pareja became Velazquez's assistant sometime after the master returned to Madrid from his first trip to Italy in January 1631. After the death of Velazquez in 1660. Pareja became an assistant to painter Juan del Mazo.

Guardafui Channel

The Guardafui Channel also known as the Socotra Passage is a strait between Puntland and Socotra.

Its width is roughy between Puntland and Abd al Kari, and roughly between Puntland and Socotra.

RATP Group

The RATP (Régie autonome des transports Parisiens) is responsible for operating part of the public transport network in the Greater Paris area. In 2010, it transported around 3 billion passengers.

Mohamed Barakat

Mohamed Barakat (; born 20 November 1976) is a retired Egyptian football player. Barakat played as a right winger or attacking midfielder for Al-Ahly in Egypt. He also played with the Egyptian National Team.

Barakat was famous for his runs from midfield and his box-to-box kind of play, and that made him important in defence and attack. He is called "The Mercurial" () by his fans. 2005 and 2006 were the best years of his career. He helped his club Al-Ahly to win the CAF Champions League 2005 and CAF Champions League 2006. He also won African Cup of Nations 2006 with Egypt. In 2006, he started to get injuries.












Ahmed Hassan

Ahmed Hassan (; born 2 May 1975 in Maghagha, Egypt) is a retired Egyptian football player. He used to play as an attacking midfielder. He also played on the right wing for Egyptian national team. He played more international games than any other footballer in history. He appeared in 184 international matches for Egypt. He is considered one of the best players in the history of Africa.

Ismaily

Beşiktaş

Anderlecht

Al Ahly

Zamalek

Egypt

Individual


Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital

Pitié-Salpêtrière University Hospital () is a well-known hospital in the 13th arrondissement of Paris. It is one of Europe's largest hospitals. It has a long history of treating patients with mental illnesses. Many famous people worked there, like Sigmund Freud, Georges-Gilles de la Tourette, and Jean-Martin Charcot.

Ahmed El Sakka

Ahmed Mohamed Salah El-din El-Sakka (; born March 1, 1973) is an Egyptian action actor.


Amr Waked

Amr Waked (Egyptian Arabic: عمرو واكد; born April 12, 1973) is an Egyptian film and television actor. He is also a stage actor. Many people know him internationally because of his role in the 2005 film "Syriana". He had some other notable roles. Another one of his roles is a Yemeni Sheikh called Muhammad in "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen."





Cubana de Aviación Flight 972

Cubana de Aviación Flight 972 (CU972/CUB972) was a scheduled domestic flight from Havana to Holguín, Cuba, on May 18, 2018. The Boeing 737-200 flying the route crashed shortly after takeoff, bursting into flames near Santiago de las Vegas, from Havana city centre. Of those onboard, 108 died and 3 survived with critical injuries. and one of them died hours later at the hospital.

Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel stated that a special commission had been formed to find the cause of the crash. 

Amir Ganiel

Amir Ganiel (January 6, 1963 – May 14, 2018) was an Israeli swimming champion and record holder in swimming. He was part of the in the World Championships in Berlin for the national team. He worked in long distance. He was called one of the greatest Israeli swimmers.

He became a surgeon after his swimming career.

Ganiel was born and died in Jerusalem.

François Bréda

François Bréda (; 20 February 1956 – 16 May 2018) was a Romanian essayist, poet, literary critic, literary historian, translator and theatrologist.

He was a founding member of the György Bretter Literary Circle in 1991.

Bréda died on 16 May 2018 at the age of 62.


Gérard Jouannest

Gérard Jouannest (2 May 1933 – 16 May 2018) was a French pianist and composer. Jouannest began his career as a pianist in music halls. 

Jouannest composed more than 250 songs over the course of his life. For example, he composed songs for Jacques Brel like "Ne Me Quitte Pas", "Ces Gens-Là", "Bruxelles", "Mathilde" and "Les Vieux". He also composed songs for younger artists like Miossec, Benjamin Biolay and Abd al Malik.

Jouannest married Juliette Gréco. They were introduced by Jacques Brel in the 1960s. Jouannest supported Jean-Luc Mélenchon in the 2012 presidential election.

Jouannest died on 16 May 2018 in Ramatuelle, Var at the age of 85.

Eloísa Mafalda

Mafalda Theotto (September 18, 1924 – May 16, 2018), known professionally as Eloísa Mafalda, was a Brazilian actress. She was born in Jundiaí, Brazil.

Throughout her career, she starred in "O Ébrio" (1965), "Pigmalião 70" (1970), "A Próxima Atração" (1971), "Gabriela, Cravo e Canela" (1975), "Saramandaia" (1976), "O Astro" (1977), "Locomotivas" (1977), "Pecado Rasgado" (1978), "Água Viva" (1980), "Brilhante" (1981), "Champagne" (1983), "Roque Santeiro" (1985), "O Sexo dos Anjos" (1989), "Você Decide" (1995 and 1999), "Pedra sobre Pedra" (1992), "Mulheres de Areia" (1993), "Por Amor" (1997), "Meu Bem Querer" (1998), "Porto dos Milagres" (2001) and "O Beijo do Vampiro" (2002).

Mafalda died on May 16, 2018 in Petrópolis, Brazil of respiratory failure at the age of 93.

Diana E. Murphy

Diana E. Murphy (January 4, 1934 – May 16, 2018) was an American judge. She was born in Faribault, Minnesota. She was a member of the Democratic Party.

Murphy served as United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit after being nominated by President Bill Clinton in 1994 and gained Senior Judge status in 2016 until her retirement in 2018. She was also a former United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota after being nominated by President Jimmy Carter.

In 1993 she was reportedly considered for the post of Attorney General of the United States, which later went to Janet Reno.

Murphy died in her home in Minneapolis, Minnesota on May 16, 2018, shortly after announcing her full retirement from the bench, of congestive heart failure, aged 84.

Nicole Fontaine

Nicole Fontaine (16 January 1942 – 17 May 2018) was a French politician and lawyer. She was born in Grainville-Ymauville, France. Fontaine was a member of the European Parliament for the Île-de-France. She was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. Fontaine was the President of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2002, and was then replaced by Pat Cox.

Fontaine died on 17 May 2018 in Paris at the age of 76.


Klaus Hänsch

Klaus Hänsch (born 15 December 1938) is a German Politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament representing the SPD from 17 July 1979 until 13 July 2009, and sat with the Party of European Socialists group.


Boyan Petrov

Boyan Petrov (, 7 February 1973 – ) was a Bulgarian zoologist and mountaineer. He worked at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia. 

He had climbed 10 out of 14 eight-thousanders, all without supplementary oxygen. This made him the Bulgarian altitude climber with the highest number of successful ascents of peaks over 8000 meters. He was the first Bulgarian to climb four of those mountains - Gasherbrum I (2009), Kangchenjunga (2014), K2 (2014) and Manaslu (2015).

Petrov was declared missing on Shishapangma on 5 May 2018. The search for him was discontinued on 16 May. According to climbers, he may have fallen into a crevasse on the way to the top.

Mehdi Tabatabaei

Seyyed Mehdi Tabatabaei Shirazi (, March 21, 1936 — May 17, 2018) was an Iranian Shia cleric and conservative politician. He served as member of the Parliament of Iran from 2004 to 2008, representing the districts of Tehran, Rey, Shemiranat and Eslamshahr. He represented Mashhad and Kalat from 1984 to 1988. He was born in Rafsanjan, Iran.

Tabatabaei was a critic of former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.

Tabatabaei died in Tehran on May 17, 2018 of lung disease at the age of 82.

John Carrick

Sir John Leslie Carrick (4 September 1918 – 18 May 2018) was an Australian politician. He was born in Sydney. Carrick served as a Senator for New South Wales from 1971 to 1987, representing the Liberal Party. He was a minister for the duration of the Fraser Government, holding several different portfolios.

Carrick died on 18 May 2018 at the age of 99 in Melbourne.

Akhzivland

Akhzivland is a micronation between Nahariya and the Lebanese border on the Israeli west coast. The state was founded by Eli Avivi in 1972. The micronation is promoted by the Israel Ministry of Tourism even though its legal status remains debated.

The micronation is located near the ruins of Achziv, an ancient settlement on the Mediterranean coast in the Western Galilee, about 5 kilometers north of Nahariya. 

A national park, field school, and the ruins of the Palestinian village of Az-Zeeb, which was captured by the Carmeli Brigade during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War, are located nearby.

Eli Avivi died of pneumonia on May 15, 2018.

Ayad Futayyih Al-Rawi

Ayad Futayyih Khalifa al-Rawi () (1942 – 18 May 2018) was an Iraqi general of the Iraqi Republican Guard. He later served as the head of the Jerusalem Army. He started his service in the Army as an officer in an armoured unit, later fighting in the Iran-Iraq War. He was one of Saddam Hussein's closet allies.

Rawi was arrested on 4 June 2003, following the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq. Despite its claimed size, the Al Quds Army ended up playing virtually no role in the war.

Rawi was born in Rawa. He died of a stroke in Baghdad on May 18, 2018, aged 76.

Voorhees Township, New Jersey

Voorhees Township is a township in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 31,069. Voorhees is a New Jersey suburb in the Greater Philadelphia Metropolitan Area.

The township is named for Foster McGowan Voorhees, the Governor of New Jersey who supported its creation.

Faribault, Minnesota

Faribault ( ) is a city in Rice County, Minnesota, United States. It is the county seat. The population was 24,453 at the 2020 census. Faribault is about south of Minneapolis and St. Paul.

Michael Luscombe

Michael Gerard Luscombe (22 July 1953 – 27 April 2018) was an Australian businessman. He was the CEO and managing director of Woolworths Limited, the largest retail company in Australia, from 2006 until 2011.

On 4 April 2011, Luscombe announced that he would be retiring as CEO of Woolworths in October.

Luscombe died on 27 April 2018 from Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease at the age of 64.

Kristin Nelson

Sharon Kristin Nelson (née Harmon; June 25, 1945 – April 27, 2018) was an American primitive painter, actress and author. She was married to musician Ricky Nelson.

She was the daughter of Tom Harmon and actress/model Elyse Knox, her younger siblings are model-actress Kelly Harmon and actor Mark Harmon. 

In 1988, she married Mark Tinker, who encouraged her to paint. Her brightly colored primitives found favor with Jacqueline Kennedy and Mia Farrow, among other celebrities, and they form the basis of her coffee-table autobiography "Out of My Mind".

Nelson starred in "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet", "Adam-12", "The Resurrection of Broncho Billy", which won an Academy Award for best live action short movie, and "Liar's Moon".

Her daughter, actress Tracy Nelson, announced on Facebook that her mother had suddenly died on April 27, 2018 of a heart attack.


Harvey Hall

Harvey Leonard Hall (January 5, 1941 – May 19, 2018) was an American businessman and politician. He served as the 25th mayor of Bakersfield, California. Hall was first elected in 2000, and re-elected in 2004, 2008 and 2012. He was one of the longest serving mayors in Bakersfield's history. He was born in Bakersfield.

As mayor, one of his focuses had been physical improvement of the city, through "Keep Bakersfield Beautiful" and the creation of, and participation in, monthly "Mayor’s Freeway Cleanups", trash pickups on local freeways. Hall has donated his mayor’s salary to the Kern Community Foundation, which provides scholarships to local colleges, and to California State University, Bakersfield, for local students.

Hall was the founder and former president of Hall Ambulance Service.

Hall died on May 19, 2018 in Bakersfield of Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease at the age of 77.


Maya Jribi

Maya Jribi (January 29, 1960 – May 19, 2018) was a Tunisian politician. From 2006 to 2012, she was the leader of the Progressive Democratic Party (PDP). From the PDP merged into the Republican Party in April 2012, until her resignation in 2017, she was the Secretary-General of the centrist party.

Jribi died on 19 May 2018 in Tunis of pancreatic cancer at the age of 58.

Reggie Lucas

Reginald Grant Lucas (February 25, 1953 – May 19, 2018), known as Reggie Lucas, was an American musician, songwriter and record producer. He was born in New York City. Lucas was best known for having produced the majority of Madonna's 1983 self-titled debut album, his production work with percussionist Mtume, and for playing with the Miles Davis electric band of the first half of the 1970s.

In 1986, Lucas founded the Jersey City recording studio Quantum Sound. Clients included the Pet Shop Boys, Jodeci, Jeff Buckley and Sepultura.

In 1981, Lucas and James Mtume won a Grammy Award for Best R&B Song for their composition "Never Knew Love Like This Before", which was performed by Stephanie Mills.

Lucas died of heart disease in New York City, at the age of 65.

Bobby Winkles

Bobby Brooks Winkles (March 11, 1930 – April 17, 2020) was an American baseball player and manager. He was born in Tuckerman, Arkansas, but was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Winkles was the third base coach for the Oakland Athletics int the 1970s.

Winkles worked at Arizona State University and managed in Major League Baseball. Winkles is a right-handed-hitting and -throwing infielder. He played minor league baseball in the Chicago White Sox organization between 1951 and 1958, hitting .270 with 890 hits in 858 games played before retiring to become Arizona State's head baseball coach at age 29.

Winkles died on April 17, 2020, aged 90.

Petrissa Solja

Petrissa Solja (born 11 March 1994 in Kandel) is a German table tennis player. At the World Championships 2017 she won a bronzemedal together with Fang Bo in the mixed- doubles. She is the best female German table tennis player.

2009 she played at the European Championships. There she played with her team against Netherlands and lost her match against Elena Timina. 2014 she joined to TTC Berlin eastside. Because of her successes she was chosen as the best German player in the Youth. 2013 she won the German Open in the doubles with Sabine Winter. At the European Championships 2014 she won gold with the team. In the same year she took part in the World Cup, where Solja reached the Round of 16. At the European Ranking tournament in 2015 she lost in the final to Liu Jia. At the World Cup, where Petrissa took part for the second time, she won bronze, after beating Li Jiao in the 3rd place match. 2016 she reached together with the team the Quarterfinals at the WTTC, there they lost to Japan. At the Olympic Games Solja retired already in her first match, where she played against Ri Myong-sun and lost. With the team they came surprise to the final, where they lost very clearly to China. At the WTTC 2017 in Düsseldorf she won together with Fang Bo the bronzemedal in the mixed-doubles, in the other categories she lost.

Solja is an lefthanded-player and attacker. She uses the "Joola Ryzhm 425" at the backhand, on the forehand "Joola Ryzhm".

Strengthen: Backhand Tospin and Konter

Weaknesses: Long rallies from the table, play against defenders



Tomokazu Harimoto

Tomokazu Harimoto (; ; ; born 27 June 2003 in Sendai) is a male Japanese table tennis player of Chinese origin.

Harimoto started to play table tennis with two years- that time at home at a kitchen table. In 2014 he came to the third round at the Japanese National Championships. At the Japan Open he began to play international. He was on position 826 in the world. At the Safir Open 2015 in Örebro he beat two top-100-players and came under the top 100 in the world. So he was the youngest player ever that came to the main round. At the Polish Open he met Ma Long and lost 0:4 to him. 2016 he took part in the Youth-World Championships, where he won gold in the singles and with the team, too. So Harimoto came under the top 60 in the world. At the Slovenian Open Tomokazu was the youngest player again, who reached the Quarterfinals in the singles. Also he won the Japan Open in the singles and became so youngest player ever who wins a World Tour event. In the U-18 world ranking system he became number one. One year later he reached the final again but lost to Dimitrij Ovtcharov. At the World Championships he was the youngest player who reached the Quarterfinals at a WTTC, in the world rankings for adults he became place 20. At the Czech Open he won his first World Tour event- in the final he beat the German table tennis star Timo Boll and got another record. 2018 he beat Jun Mizutani (his teammate) and won so the Japanese National Championships for the first time. After participation at the WTTTC 2018, he came to the top 10.



Harimotos parents were table tennis players from China. In 1998 they came to Japan and worked there as table tennis coaches. Harimoto came 2003 in Japan under the name "Zhang Zhihe" to the world. But he does have the Japanese citizenship he got the name "Tomokazu Harimoto".

Afrojack

Nick van de Wall, better known by his stage name Afrojack, is a Dutch music producer and DJ. He was born and raised in Spijkenisse, the Netherlands. Afrojack's song "Take Over Control", which features Eva Simons, has charted in a number of countries. he was listed at number 19 on DJ MAG's top 100 DJs of 2010.


Types of buses

A bus is a large wheeled vehicle meant to carry many passengers along with the driver. It is larger than a car or van. The name is a shortened version of omnibus, which means "for everyone" in Latin. Unlike trams or rapid transit trains. Buses used to be called omnibuses, but people now simply call them "buses".

There are many types of bus around the world.


An open top bus is a double-decker or single-decker bus, which has been built without a roof or has had the roof removed. Some open top buses have half a roof at the front and some do not have one at all. Open top buses are usually used on tourist and sightseeing services. It is mainly found in tourist centres such as New York City, Hong Kong and United Kingdom.

Nandi (bull)

Nandi (, , , , ) is a bull that is pet of the Lord Shiva.

Kenneth Baker, Baron Baker of Dorking

Kenneth Wilfred Baker, Baron Baker of Dorking, (born 3 November 1934) is a British politician. He is a former Conservative Member of Parliament and cabinet minister. He served for the offices of Home Secretary, Education Secretary and Conservative Party Chairman. He is a life member of the Tory Reform Group.


May Blood, Baroness Blood

May Blood, Baroness Blood, MBE (26 May 1938 – 21 October 2022) was a Labour politician. She was a member of the British House of Lords. She was born and raised in Belfast. 

Since 1994, she has been an Information Officer of the Greater Shankill Partnership and is a founding member of the Northern Ireland Women's Coalition. She was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1995 Birthday Honours.

Blood died on 21 October 2022, at the age of 84.


Elizabeth Butler-Sloss, Baroness Butler-Sloss

Ann Elizabeth Oldfield Butler-Sloss, Baroness Butler-Sloss ("née" Havers; born 10 August 1933), is an English judge. She was the first female Lord Justice of Appeal and, until 2004, was the highest-ranking female judge in the United Kingdom.

She was made a dame (DBE) on appointment to the High Court in 1979, and was sworn in to the Privy Council in 1988 when she became the first woman to be appointed to the Court of Appeal. When she retired as a judge in 2005, she was awarded Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE). In 2006, the government announced that she would be awarded a life peerage as Baroness Butler-Sloss. She sits as a independent peer in the House of Lords.

Until June 2007, she chaired the inquests into the deaths of Diana, Princess of Wales, and Dodi Fayed.


Jane Campbell, Baroness Campbell of Surbiton

Jane Susan Campbell, Baroness Campbell of Surbiton, DBE (born 19 April 1959) was is a British activist and baroness. She is Commissioner of the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) from 2006–08. 

She also served as Chair of the Disability Committee which lead on the EHRC Disability Programme. She was the former Chair of the Social Care Institute for Excellence (SCIE). She was Commissioner of the Disability Rights Commission until it was wound up in October 2006.

She was diagnosed with spinal muscular atrophy and given a prognosis that she would not live to reach the age of two years; however, it was her younger sister, Sally, who died from the same disease before that age. As a child she was prone to getting severe chest infections, which occurred two or three times per year, sometimes requiring hospitalisation.

Audrey Emerton, Baroness Emerton

Audrey Caroline Emerton, Baroness Emerton DBE, GCStJ, FRCN (born 10 September 1935) is a British crossbench member of the House of Lords.

She was appointed a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1989 New Year Honours. She was created a life peer as Baroness Emerton, of Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent and of Clerkenwell in the London Borough of Islington on 17 February 1997.

Trixie Gardner, Baroness Gardner of Parkes

Rachel Trixie Anne Gardner, Baroness Gardner of Parkes, AM, FRSA, JP ("née" McGirr; born ) is an Australian-born dentist and Conservative member of the British House of Lords. She is the only Australian woman to date who has been elevated to the peerage.

Llin Golding, Baroness Golding

Llinos Golding, Baroness Golding (born 21 March 1933) is a Labour Party politician. She currently sits in the House of Lords. She is a radiographer and worked in the NHS and currently serves as Patron of the Society of Radiographers.

Elspeth Howe

Elspeth Howe, Baroness Howe of Idlicote, (born Elspeth Rosamund Morton Shand; 8 February 1932 – 22 March 2022) was a British life peer. She was the widow of Geoffrey Howe. She was known as Lady Howe of Aberavon before receiving a peerage in her own right.

She was a half-aunt to Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.

Elspeth Howe served as deputy chairman of the Equal Opportunities Commission from 1975 to 1979, and in various other capacities from 1980. She was later made Chair of the Broadcasting Standards Commission. In the 1999 New Year's Honours she was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE).

Howe retired from Parliament on 2 June 2020.

Howe died on 22 March 2022 from cancer, aged 90.


Rosalind Howells, Baroness Howells of St Davids

Rosalind Patricia-Anne Howells, Baroness Howells of St Davids, OBE (born 10 January 1931), is a Labour member of the House of Lords. 

Howells was awarded an OBE in the 1994 New Year's Honours, she was made a Life peer as Baroness Howells of St Davids, of Charlton in the London Borough of Greenwich on 21 July 1999.

The name St Davids refers to the parish in Grenada where she was brought up, to the south-east of the Island.

In March 2009 she was inaugurated as the Chancellor of the University of Bedfordshire in Luton.


Malamel

Malamel is a village in Pathanapuram Taluk in Kollam district, Kerala, India. This village is situated between Anchal and Valakom bypass road. In Malayalam, Malamel means "Top of the hill".

At Malamel, there is a huge rock on which there is a famous Shiva Temple. A temple festival is held on 3 December. The temple has 5 doors and is considered to be divine and ancient because of the close proximity of "Jadayupara" (Chadayamangalam) (the rock that "Jadayu" carried on his wings). It has also a cave at extreme left of the temple, which a British Adventurer in the year 1946, tried in vain to venture into, and which leads to the Kulathupuzha Forest. This cave is believed to be a haven for very venomous snakes.
Famous temples like "Arackal Devi Temple" and "Perumannur Devi Temple" are nearby. Kottarakara Sree Mahaganapathy Kshethram is 12 km away.

Kottarakara and Punalur are the towns nearest to the village.


Joan Seccombe, Baroness Seccombe

Joan Anna Dalziel Seccombe, Baroness Seccombe, DBE (born 3 May 1930, née Owen) is a British Conservative Party politician. She was created a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 1984 Birthday Honours.

From 1997 to 2001 she was Opposition Whip. Since 2006 she is the Opposition Spokesperson for Constitutional and Legal Affairs/Justice.


Martin Hoffman

Martin Joseph Hoffman (15 November 1929 – 15 May 2018) was a Czech-born British professional bridge player and writer of Jewish descent. He was born in Prague.

He was a survivor of the Holocaust and transported to Auschwitz. He was later moved to the Monowitz-Buna, Gross Rosen and Birkenau sub-camps of Auschwitz; and from there he was sent on a death march towards Buchenwald. In 1945, he was liberated by American Army troops, who adopted him as mascot, with the honorary rank of sergeant.

Eastern hognose snake

Heterodon platirhinos, also known as the Eastern hognose snake, is a species of mildly venomous colubrid snake. It lives throughout North America.

The average length for an adult eastern hognose snake is 71 cm (28 in) in length. The most amazing feature is the upturned nose. It is used for digging in sandy soils. It can be red, green, orange, brown or gray to black depending on where it comes from. The belly tends to be a solid gray, yellow, or cream-colored.

It is found from southern New Hampshire south to the southern tip of Florida and into the central United States. Eastern hognose snakes are also found as far west as Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, Nebraska, and into the southern tip of South Dakota. In total, they are found in about thirty states in the United States and are also found in southern Ontario.

Eastern hognose snakes are mostly found in places with dry, sandy, or mixed sandy soils. They are usually found in grassy fields, fields that contain crops, and along woodland edges. Sometimes they can be found near small bodies of water. Eastern hognose snakes are also sometimes found in buildings such as greenhouses and barns.

The Eastern hognose snake eats mainly frogs, lizards, salamanders, insects, other invertebrates, and small rodents. It is only mildly venomous. That means that, much like garter snakes, there's only enough toxins in their saliva to paralyze small animals. 

The predators of the Eastern hognose snake are raccoons, Virginia opossums, red foxes, hawks, common king snakes, cottonmouths, tarantulas.

Eastern hognose snakes are diurnal animals. They will swim to cross between habitats and to find food or mates. Eastern hognose snakes are mostly active from early April until October or November depending on the temperature. Eastern hognose snakes usually begin hibernation anywhere from early September into November. If the temperatures drop to 19 degrees Celsius, they will begin their hibernation. Eastern hognose snakes hibernate by themselves in either burrows made by themselves or abandoned mammal burrows. Eastern hognose snakes tend to burrow at night into sandy soil.

Eastern hognose snakes mate in April and May. They lay 8 - 40 eggs in June or early July. They do not take care of the eggs or young. The eggs hatch after about 60 days, from late July to September. The hatchlings are 16.5–21 cm (6.5–8.3 in) long.

When threatened, the hognose will play dead. It sometimes even lets its tongue hang from its mouth.

It is often thought to be nonvenomous because it is not harmful to humans but it does have venom. Bitten humans who are allergic to the saliva have been known to experience swelling, but no human deaths have been recorded.

Eastern hognose snakes are listed as least concern on the IUCN red list. In the future, they may be threatened because of habitat destruction and decrease in the number of toad in their native areas. Eastern hognose snakes are sometimes mistaken for pygmy rattlesnakes and are often killed because of this.

Eastern hognose snakes eats lots of small mammals, insects, and amphibians and therefore limit their populations. They have the strongest role in limiting toad populations. Eastern hognose snakes have been reported to be mildly venomous to humans.

Billy Cannon

William Abb Cannon (August 2, 1937 – May 18, 2018) was an American football running back and tight end. He played professionally in the American Football League (AFL) and National Football League (NFL). He was born in Philadelphia, Mississippi.

Cannon started playing football at Louisiana State University. He later played for the Oakland Raiders, Houston Oilers and the Kansas City Chiefs. In February 2013, Cannon suffered a stroke and was hospitalized in Baton Rouge.

Cannon died on May 18, 2018 in St. Francisville, Louisiana at the age of 80.


St. Francisville, Louisiana

St. Francisville is a town in, and the parish seat of, West Feliciana Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 1,557 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Baton Rouge city area.

2019–20 UEFA Champions League

The 2019–20 UEFA Champions League will be the 65th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 28th season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League.

The final will be played at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey. The winners of the 2019–20 UEFA Champions League will earn the right to play against the winners of the 2019–20 UEFA Europa League in the 2020 UEFA Super Cup. They will also automatically qualify for the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League group stage, and if they have already qualified through their league performance, the berth reserved will be given to the champions of the 11th-ranked association according to next season's access list.


Jaroslav Brabec

Jaroslav Brabec (27 July 1949 – 20 May 2018) was a Czech former track and field athlete. He competed in the shot put. He twice represented Czechoslovakia at the Summer Olympics (1972 and 1976). He was a three-time participant at the European Athletics Championships (1971, 1974 and 1978) and a three-time medallist at the European Athletics Indoor Championships, being the champion at the 1973 edition.

Brabec died on 20 May 2018 in Prague at the age of 68. 

Yan An

Yan An (simplified Chinese: 闫安; traditional Chinese: 閆安; Pinyin "Yàn Ān"; born 12 January 1993 in Beijing) is a male table tennis player from China. He is righthanded-player and uses the Shakehand-grip.

Terence Higgins, Baron Higgins

Terence Langley Higgins, Baron Higgins, KBE, DL, PC (born 18 January 1928) is a British Conservative politician and Commonwealth Games silver medalist winner for England. He also competed in the men's 400 metres at the 1952 Summer Olympics.

While in opposition, he served as the Conservative shadow minister for work and pensions in the House of Lords. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1993 New Years Honours List.

Rodney Elton, 2nd Baron Elton

Rodney Elton, 2nd Baron Elton (2 March 1930 -19August 2023) is a British politician and Conservative member of the House of Lords. In 1981 he was moved to the Department of Health and Social Security and in 1982 to the Home Office. In 1984 he was promoted to Minister of State within the Home Office. 

In 1985, Elton joined the Department of Environment, again as a Minister of State, but left the government the following year.



Robin Eames

Robert "Robin" Henry Alexander Eames, Baron Eames, (born 27 April 1936), is an Anglican bishop. He served as Primate of All Ireland and Archbishop of Armagh from 1986 to 2006.

Robert Dixon-Smith, Baron Dixon-Smith

Robert William Dixon-Smith, Baron Dixon-Smith DL (born 30 September 1934), is a British farmer, and Conservative Party politician. Lord Dixon-Smith is a former Shadow Minister at the Department for Communities and Local Government.


Simon Brown, Baron Brown of Eaton-under-Heywood

Simon Denis Brown, Baron Brown of Eaton-under-Heywood, PC (9 April 1937 – 7 July 2023) was a British lawyer and former Justice of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom.

Brown was appointed a High Court Judge in 1984 and assigned to the Queen's Bench Division, receiving a knighthood on his appointment. He became a Lord Justice of Appeal, a judge of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales, in 1992 and was made a Privy Counsellor in the same year. He was Vice-President of the Civil Division from 2001 to 2003.

Michael Brougham, 5th Baron Brougham and Vaux

Michael John Brougham, 5th Baron Brougham and Vaux, CBE (born 2 August 1938) is a British peer and a Member of the House of Lords. He has also been Chairman of the Tax Payers' Society from 1989–91 and has been Chairman of the European Secure Vehicle Alliance since 1992. In 1995, he was appointed CBE.


William Bradshaw, Baron Bradshaw

William Peter Bradshaw, Baron Bradshaw (born 9 September 1936), commonly known as Bill Bradshaw, is a British academic and politician. He is a Liberal Democrat member of the House of Lords. He was formerly also a County Councillor in Oxfordshire from 1993 until his resignation in January 2008.


Alec Broers, Baron Broers

Alec Nigel Broers, Baron Broers, FRS FMedSci FREng (born 17 September 1938) is a British electrical engineer.

In September 2008, Lord Broers took over from Sir David Cooksey as chairman of the board of directors at the Diamond Light Source, the United Kingdom's largest new scientific facility for 45 years.

Robert Armstrong, Baron Armstrong of Ilminster

Robert Temple Armstrong, Baron Armstrong of Ilminster, (30 March 1927 – 3 April 2020) was a British Lord Temporal and former civil servant. From 1970 to 1975 he was the Principal Private Secretary to the Prime Minister. He was knighted in 1978. From 1979 to 1987, he served as Cabinet Secretary under Margaret Thatcher.

Robert Hughes, Baron Hughes of Woodside

Robert Hughes, Baron Hughes of Woodside (3 January 1932 – January 2022) was a British Labour politician. He was also Chair of the British Anti-Apartheid Movement (AAM) from 1976 until it was dissolved in 1995 after the ending of apartheid in South Africa.

He was Under-Secretary of State for Scotland from March 1974 – July 1975, but resigned in disagreement with the government's Incomes Policy.

On 27 September 1997 he was created a Life peer as Baron Hughes of Woodside, of Woodside in the City of Aberdeen.

Hughes's death was announced on 7 January 2022, aged 90.

Garry's Mod

Garry's Mod is a sandbox video game. The game is a mod for the video game "Half-Life 2" made by Garry Newman in 2004 but sold in 2006. In the game, the player can use a spawn menu to spawn objects known as props, or it can be used to spawn Non-player characters like zombies or Combine soldiers, taken from Half-Life 2. The player can move these objects using the physics gun. The game is known because of it's modding, with popular mods for Garry's Mod like "Trouble in Terrorist Town", DarkRP and Prop hunt. Prop hunt became a popular video game mode, being used in video games like "", "", "Fortnite Battle Royale", and "Genshin Impact".

The game is an endless sandbox. Its base game mode, "sandbox," has no goals. The player can spawn non-player characters, ragdolls, and props, and move and interact with the objects in many ways. The player can move these using the "physics gun", a ray-gun that lets the user move, freeze, and rotate the objects. The individual limbs of ragdolls can also be interacted with. The "tool gun" lets the player change an objects properties, like welding things together, and changing the facial expressions of ragdolls.

"Garry's Mod" was made by Garry Newman. He created Facepunch Studios while making "Garry's Mod".

"Garry's Mod" is considered to be one of the best sandbox games.

Post-credits scene

A post-credits scene appears after or during the closing credits of a movie. They are mostly used to amuse the audience or tell them that a sequel is coming soon.

The first post-credits scene is usually thought to be in 1903's "The Great Train Robbery", in which the leader of the outlaw aims his gun at the audience and fires it. They gained popularity during the 1980s. An example is "Ferris Bueller's Day Off", in which the title character tells the audience to leave the theatre.

Marvel Cinematic Universe movies are famous for these scenes, in which they usually tell the audience that a movie based on another Marvel hero is coming.


San Leandro, California

San Leandro is a large suburban town in Alameda County, California, United States. The population was 91,008 at the 2020 census.

It is on the eastern shore of San Francisco Bay, between Oakland to the northwest and Hayward to the southeast.


Old Greenwich, Connecticut

Old Greenwich is a neighborhood/section and census-designated place in Greenwich in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 6,962.

It was founded in 1641. Old Greenwich has become popular for home buyers and ranks at 7th place among the nation's wealthiest communities in an annual Bloomberg report published March 5, 2018, "America's 100 Richest Places".

Muqtada al-Sadr

Muqtada al-Sadr (; born 12 August 1973) is an Iraqi Shia cleric, politician and militia leader. He is the leader of the Sadrist Movement and the leader of Saraya al-Salam.

Muqtada al-Sadr is one of the most influential religious and popular figures in Iraq.

In May 2018, al-Sadr's coalition emerged as the frontrunnner in Iraq's national elections, the first since the Islamic State was declared defeated in Iraq.

John Milnor

John Willard Milnor (born February 20, 1931) is an American mathematician. He is known for his work in differential topology, K-theory and dynamical systems. Milnor is a professor at Stony Brook University and one of the four mathematicians to have won the Fields Medal, the Wolf Prize, and the Abel Prize.


Abel Prize

The Abel Prize () is a Norwegian prize awarded every year by the Government of Norway to one or more outstanding mathematicians. It is named after Norwegian mathematician Niels Henrik Abel (1802–1829) and modelled after the Nobel Prizes, the award was established in 2001 by the Government of Norway and complements its sister prize in the humanities, the Holberg Prize.

It comes with a monetary award of 6 million Norwegian kroner (NOK) (around €650,000).

Wolf Prize

The Wolf Prize is an international award granted in Israel. It has been presented most years since 1978 to living scientists and artists for ""achievements in the interest of mankind and friendly relations among people ... irrespective of nationality, race, colour, religion, sex or political views.""

The prize is awarded in Israel by the Wolf Foundation, founded by Dr Ricardo Wolf, a German-born inventor and former Cuban ambassador to Israel. It is awarded in six fields: Agriculture, Chemistry, Mathematics, Medicine, Physics, and an Arts prize.

Jean-Pierre Serre

Jean-Pierre Serre (; born 15 September 1926) is a French mathematician who has made contributions to algebraic topology, algebraic geometry, and algebraic number theory. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1954 and the first Abel Prize in 2003.

In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.


Michael Atiyah

Sir Michael Francis Atiyah (; 22 April 1929 – 11 January 2019) was an English mathematician specialising in geometry. He won the Fields Medal in 1966 and the Abel Prize in 2004.

He was president of the Royal Society (1990–1995), master of Trinity College, Cambridge (1990–1997), chancellor of the University of Leicester (1995–2005), and president of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (2005–2008). From 1997 until his death, he was an honorary professor at the University of Edinburgh. During 2018 International Congress of Mathematicians, Atiyah said he had a proof for Riemann hypothesis.

Atiyah died on 11 January 2019 in Edinburgh, Scotland at the age of 89.


Yves Meyer

Yves F. Meyer (; born 19 July 1939) is a French mathematician. He is known for proposing the Meyer wavelet. Meyer was awarded the Abel Prize in 2017.

He was teacher at the Prytanée national militaire (1960–1963), a teaching assistant at the Université de Strasbourg (1963–1966), a Professor at Université Paris-Sud (1966–1980), a Professor at École Polytechnique (1980–1986), a Professor at Université Paris-Dauphine (1985–1995), a Senior Researcher at the Centre national de la recherche scientifique (CNRS) (1995–1999), an Invited Professor at the Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers (2000), a Professor at École Normale Supérieure de Cachan (1999–2003), and has been a Professor Emeritus at Ecole Normale Supérieure de Cachan since 2004.


Isadore Singer

Isadore Manuel Singer (May 3, 1924 – February 11, 2021) was an American mathematician. He was an Institute Professor in the Department of Mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Professor Emeritus of Mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley. 

Singer was known for his work with Michael Atiyah proving the Atiyah–Singer index theorem in 1962. 

Singer died on February 11, 2021 at his home in Boxborough, Massachusetts at the age of 96.

Lennart Carleson

Lennart Axel Edvard Carleson (born 18 March 1928) is a Swedish mathematician. He is known as a leader in the field of harmonic analysis and for his proof of Lusin's conjecture. He was awarded the Wolf Prize in Mathematics in 1992, the Lomonosov Gold Medal in 2002, the Sylvester Medal in 2003, and the Abel Prize in 2006.

He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters. In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

Zendaya

Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman (; born September 1, 1996) also known as Zendaya, is an American actress, model and singer. She started her career as a child model and backup dancer.

She gained popularity for her role as Rocky Blue on the Disney Channel sitcom "Shake It Up" (2010–2013). In 2013, Zendaya was a contestant on the sixteenth season of the competition series "Dancing with the Stars". 

From 2015 to 2018, she produced and acted as K.C. Cooper in the sitcom "K.C. Undercover". In 2019, she started playing the main role in the HBO drama series "Euphoria". Her performance as a teenage drug addict made her the youngest winner of the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series. 

Her movie roles as supporting parts in the musical drama "The Greatest Showman" (2017) and the superhero movie "" (2017) and its sequel, "" (2019).

In 2011, she released the singles "Swag It Out" and "Watch Me", the latter a collaboration with Bella Thorne. She signed with Hollywood Records in 2012. Her eponymous debut studio album (2013) was released to moderate success. The album's lead single, "Replay", reached the top 40 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. 

Zendaya's biggest success as a musician came with her Zac Efron collaboration, "Rewrite the Stars", from "The Greatest Showman" in 2017. The single reached within the top 20 of several record charts and has received multi-platinum sales certifications globally. Zendaya has also written and performed several songs for "Euphoria".

Zendaya Maree Stoermer Coleman was born on September 1, 1996, in Oakland, California. Her father, Kazembe Ajamu Coleman is African-American with Nigerian ancestry while her mother, Claire Stoermer has German and Scottish ancestry. Her name means "to give thanks" in Shona and she has five siblings.

Zendaya lives in Los Angeles. She is vegetarian. She is currently dating with co-star Tom Holland.


S. R. Srinivasa Varadhan

Sathamangalam Ranga Iyengar Srinivasa Varadhan FRS (born 2 January 1940) is an Indian-American mathematician. He is known for his fundamental contributions to probability theory and in particular for creating a unified theory of large deviations.

Varadhan's awards and honours include the National Medal of Science (2010) from President Barack Obama, "the highest honour bestowed by the United States government on scientists, engineers and inventors". In 2007, he was awarded the Abel Prize.


John G. Thompson

John Griggs Thompson (born October 13, 1932) is an American mathematician. He works at the University of Florida. He is known for his work in the field of finite groups. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1970, the Wolf Prize in 1992 and the 2008 Abel Prize.


Jacques Tits

Jacques Tits (; 12 August 1930 – 5 December 2021) was a Belgium-born French mathematician. He worked on group theory and incidence geometry. He introduced Tits buildings, the Tits alternative, and the Tits group.

In 2008 he was awarded the Abel Prize, along with John Griggs Thompson, “for their profound achievements in algebra and in particular for shaping modern group theory.”

Tits died on 5 December 2021 at the age of 91.


Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov

Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov (also Mikhael Gromov, Michael Gromov or Mischa Gromov; ; born 23 December 1943), is a French-Russian mathematician. He is known for work in geometry, analysis and group theory. He is a member of IHÉS in France and a Professor of Mathematics at New York University.

Gromov has won several prizes, including the Abel Prize in 2009 "for his revolutionary contributions to geometry".


John Tate

John Torrence Tate Jr. (March 13, 1925 – October 16, 2019) was an American mathematician. He was known for his works in algebraic number theory, arithmetic geometry and related areas in algebraic geometry. He was a professor emeritus at Harvard University. He was awarded the Abel Prize in 2010.

Tate was described as "one of the seminal mathematicians for the past half-century" by William Beckner, Chairman of the Department of Mathematics at the University of Texas.

Tate died at his home in Lexington, Massachusetts on October 16, 2019 at the age of 94.


Endre Szemerédi

Endre Szemerédi (born August 21, 1940) is a Hungarian-American mathematician. He worked in the field of combinatorics and theoretical computer science. He has been the State of New Jersey Professor of computer science at Rutgers University since 1986. 

He also holds a professor emeritus status at the Alfréd Rényi Institute of Mathematics of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.

Szemerédi has won numerous awards and honors for his contribution to mathematics and computer science. A few of them are listed here:


White Army

The White Army during the Russian Revolution was an alliance of various groups that opposed the Red Army of Vladimir Lenin's Bolsheviks during the Russian Civil War. White Army supporters included liberals, aristocrats, Cossacks, the Russian Orthodox Church, and some peasants. Eventually, the enemies of the Bolsheviks sent ships and troops to help the White Army. The Red Army defeated the White Army by being better organized and more united.

Sir Des Champs

Sir Des Champs (foaled 28 May 2006 – 18 May 2018) was a French-bred, Irish-trained AQPS racehorse. He competed in National Hunt races. 

After winning only one of his five races in his native country, Sir Des Champs was transferred to Ireland and won seven races in succession including the Martin Pipe Conditional Jockeys' Handicap Hurdle, Greenmount Park Novice Chase, Killiney Novice Chase, Jewson Novices' Chase and Growise Champion Novice Chase. The 2012/2013 saw the emergence of a rivalry between Sir Des Champs and another Irish-trained chaser Flemenstar. 

After beating his rival in the Hennessy Gold Cup, Sir Des Champs was regarded as a leading contender for the 2013 Cheltenham Gold Cup in which he finished second to Bobs Worth. 

He suffered a fatal injury when competing in Point-to-point racing on 18 May 2018 at the age of 11.

Ernst Sieber

Ernst Sieber (24 February 1927 – 19 May 2018) was a Swiss pastor and politician. He founded in 1988 for "disadvantaged people, to help to alleviate the hardships around addiction, disease, violence and homelessness". Sieber wrote books about his work as social worker to finance the foundation.

From 1991 to 1995 he represented the citizens of the Canton of Zürich as member of the Evangelische Volkspartei (EVP) political party in the "Nationalrat", the lower Swiss parliament's house.

Sieber died on 19 May 2018 at the age of 91 in Hospital Triemli in Zurich.

Koo Bon-moo

Koo Bon-moo (; 10 February 1945 – 20 May 2018) was a South Korean business executive. He was born in Jinju, South Korea. In 1995, Koo replaced his father Koo Cha-kyung as chairman of LG Group. Koo Bon-moo adopted his nephew Koo Kwang-mo in 2004.

Koo died of brain cancer on 20 May 2018 in Seoul at the age of 73.

2016 Pacific hurricane season

The 2016 Pacific hurricane season was an event in the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation. It officially began May 15, 2016 in the eastern Pacific, designated as the area east of 140°W, and began on June 1, 2016 in the central Pacific, which is between the International Date Line and 140°W. Both seasons officially ended on November 30, 2016. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the eastern Pacific basin.



John Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer

Edward John "Johnnie" Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer, MVO (24 January 1924 – 29 March 1992), styled Viscount Althorp until June 1975, was a British peer.

Spencer was born in Bayswater, London, He was son of Albert Spencer and Lady Cynthia Hamilton

He was married to Frances Roche, They have five children by the marriage, He was remarried to Raine, Countess of Dartmouth in 1976.

He was the father of Diana, Princess of Wales. He was the maternal grandfather of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex.

Spencer died on 29 March 1992 at Wellington Hospital in London of a heart attack at the age of 68.

Wang Qishan

Wang Qishan (; born 19 July 1948) is a Chinese retired politician who served as Vice President of the People's Republic of China from 2018 to 2023. Wang was one of the leading figures behind China's foreign affairs, along with President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang. Between 2012 and 2017, Wang had served as the Secretary of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, the Chinese Communist Party's internal control and anti-corruption body, and a member of the Politburo Standing Committee of the Chinese Communist Party. He has been instrumental in carrying out General Secretary Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign since 2013.

Wang gained prominence in China's financial sector in the late 1980s. In 1994, Wang became the Governor of the China Construction Bank. Wang then successively served in three regional roles: Vice-Governor of Guangdong, Party Secretary of Hainan, and Mayor of Beijing. Wang then served as Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China in charge of finance and commercial affairs under premier Wen Jiabao from March 2008 to March 2013, during which he also gained a seat on the party's Politburo.

Wang is considered to be among Xi Jinping's closest political allies. 


2018 FIFA World Cup knockout stage

The knockout stage of the 2018 FIFA World Cup is the second stage of the competition, just after the group stage.
It began on 30 June with the round of 16 and ended on 15 July with the final match, held at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow. The top two teams from each group (16 in total) would advance to the knockout stage to compete in a single-elimination. In the knockout stage, if a match is level at the end of 90 minutes of normal playing time, extra time would be played (two periods of 15 minutes each), where each team is allowed to make a fourth substitution. If still tied after extra time, the match would be decided by a penalty shoot-out to determine the winners. A third place play-off will also be played between the two losing teams of the semi-finals.

The top two placed teams from each of the eight groups will qualify for the knockout stage.

<section begin=bracket /><section end=bracket />

<section begin=r16-1 /><section end=r16-1 />

<section begin=r16-2 /><section end=r16-2 />

<section begin=r16-3 /><section end=r16-3 />

<section begin=r16-4 /><section end=r16-4 />

<section begin=r16-5 /><section end=r16-5 />

<section begin=r16-6 /><section end=r16-6 />

<section begin=r16-7 /><section end=r16-7 />

<section begin=r16-8 /><section end=r16-8 />

<section begin=qf1 /><section end=qf1 />

<section begin=qf2 /><section end=qf2 />

<section begin=qf3 /><section end=qf3 />

<section begin=qf4 /><section end=qf4 />

<section begin=sf1 /><section end=sf1 />

<section begin=sf2 /><section end=sf2 />

<section begin=tpp /><section end=tpp />


Petru Pascari

Petru Pascari (; born 22 September 1929 in Stroenți) was a Moldavian SSR politician. Pascari was the prime minister of Moldavian SSR: 24 April 1970 – 1 August 1976 (1st time) and 10 January – 26 May 1990 (2nd time).

Jim Taylor

James Charles Taylor (September 20, 1935 – October 13, 2018) was an American football fullback and businessman. He was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. He played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) for ten seasons, with the Green Bay Packers from 1958 to 1966 and with the expansion New Orleans Saints in 1967. 

He was commissioner of the United States Rugby League in 1978 and attempted to start a 12-team competition.

The Pro Football Hall of Fame selection committee named Taylor to its NFL 1960s All-Decade Team, which comprised the best players of the 1960s at each position.

Taylor was diagnosed with hepatitis C in 1989, but it was found to be dormant by 2000.

Taylor died in Baton Rogue on October 13, 2018 at the age of 83.


Hugh McElhenny

Hugh Edward McElhenny Jr. (December 31, 1928 – June 17, 2022) was a professional American football player. He was a halfback in the National Football League (NFL) from 1952 to 1964 for the San Francisco 49ers, Minnesota Vikings, New York Giants, and Detroit Lions. 

McElhenny died on June 17, 2022 in Henderson, Nevada from problems caused by Guillain–Barré syndrome, aged 93.

John Brodie

John Riley Brodie (born August 14, 1935) is a former American football player, a quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL) for seventeen seasons. He had a second career as a Senior PGA Tour professional golfer, and was a television broadcaster for both sports.


2018 FIFA World Cup Group A

Group A of the 2018 FIFA World Cup will take place from 14 to 25 June 2018. The group consists of Russia, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and Uruguay. The top two teams will advance to the round of 16.

In the round of 16:

All times listed are local time.

<section begin=a1 /><section end=a1 />

The two teams have only played each other once, in a friendly game back in 2006 won by Uruguay 2–0.

<section begin=a2 /><section end=a2 />

<section begin=a3 /><section end=a3 />

<section begin=a4 /><section end=a4 />

<section begin=a5 /><section end=a5 />

<section begin=a6 /><section end=a6 />


2018 FIFA World Cup Group B

Group B of the 2018 FIFA World Cup took place from 15 to 25 June 2018. The group consisted of Portugal, Spain, Morocco, and Iran. The top two teams advanced to the round of 16.

In the round of 16:

All times listed are local time.

The two teams have never met before.

<section begin=b1 /><section end=b1 />

The two teams have played each other 35 times before, including one game in the 2010 FIFA World Cup round of 16, won by Spain 1–0.

<section begin=b2 /><section end=b2 />

The two teams have once played each other in a group stage game in the 1986 FIFA World Cup, won by Morocco 3-1.

<section begin=b3 /><section end=b3 />

The two teams have never played each other before.

<section begin=b4 /><section end=b4 />

The two teams have played each other two times, most recently in a group stage game in the 2006 FIFA World Cup, won by Portugal 2-0. 

<section begin=b5 /><section end=b5 />

Despite their locations, the two teams have played each other only in two opportunities, both were games for the 1962 FIFA World Cup qualification, and both were won by Spain. 

<section begin=b6 /><section end=b6 />


2018 FIFA World Cup Group C

Group C of the 2018 FIFA World Cup took place from 16 to 26 June 2018. The group consisted of France, Australia, Peru, and Denmark. The top two teams advanced to the round of 16.

In the round of 16:

All times listed are local time.

The two teams have played four time before the most recently was a friendly in 2013, and France won 6-0.

<section begin=c1 /><section end=c1 />

<section begin=c2 /><section end=c2 />

<section begin=c3 /><section end=c3 />

<section begin=c4 /><section end=c4 />

<section begin=c5 /><section end=c5 />

<section begin=c6 /><section end=c6 />


2018 FIFA World Cup Group D

Group D of the 2018 FIFA World Cup took place from 16 to 26 June 2018. The group consisted of Argentina, Iceland, Croatia, and Nigeria. The top two teams advanced to the round of 16.

In the round of 16:

All times listed are local time.

The two teams have never played each other before.

<section begin=d1 /><section end=d1 />

<section begin=d2 /><section end=d2 />

<section begin=d3 /><section end=d3 />

<section begin=d4 /><section end=d4 />

<section begin=d5 /><section end=d5 />

<section begin=d6 /><section end=d6 />


2018 FIFA World Cup Group E

Group E of the 2018 FIFA World Cup took place from 17 to 27 June 2018. The group consisted of Brazil, Switzerland, Costa Rica, and Serbia. The top two teams, Brazil and Switzerland, advanced to the round of 16.

In the round of 16:

All times listed are local time.

<section begin=e1 /><section end=e1 />

<section begin=e2 /><section end=e2 />

<section begin=e3 /><section end=e3 />

<section begin=e4 /><section end=e4 />

<section begin=e5 /><section end=e5 />

<section begin=e6 /><section end=e6 />


2018 FIFA World Cup Group F

Group F of the 2018 FIFA World Cup took place from 17 to 27 June 2018. The group consisted of Germany, Mexico, Sweden, and South Korea. The top two teams advanced to the round of 16.

In the round of 16:

All times listed are local time.

<section begin=f1 /><section end=f1 />

<section begin=f2 /><section end=f2 />

<section begin=f3 /><section end=f3 />

<section begin=f4 /><section end=f4 />

<section begin=f5 /><section end=f5 />

<section begin=f6 /><section end=f6 />


Hiss

Hiss is a sound that a snake makes. It as such doesn't have a voice. This sound is created when it flickers it's tongues to taste. The fast movement of the tongue causes this sound.
Other animals like Cats also hiss when they are angry,

2018 FIFA World Cup Group G

Group G of the 2018 FIFA World Cup will take place from 18 to 28 June 2018. The group consists of Belgium, Panama, Tunisia, and England. The top two teams will advance to the round of 16.

In the round of 16:

All times listed are local time.

<section begin=g1 /><section end=g1 />

<section begin=g2 /><section end=g2 />

<section begin=g3 /><section end=g3 />

<section begin=g4 /><section end=g4 />

<section begin=g5 /><section end=g5 />

<section begin=g6 /><section end=g6 />


2018 FIFA World Cup Group H

Group H of the 2018 FIFA World Cup took place from 19 to 28 June 2018. The group consists of Poland, Senegal, Colombia, and Japan. The top two teams will advance to the round of 16.

In the round of 16:

All times listed are local time.

<section begin=h1 /><section end=h1 />

<section begin=h2 /><section end=h2 />

<section begin=h3 /><section end=h3 />

<section begin=h4 /><section end=h4 />

<section begin=h5 /><section end=h5 />

<section begin=h6 /><section end=h6 />


Malumel

Malumel is a locality in Thodiyoor Panchayat￼￼￼￼in the Karunagappally Taluk , Kollam district, Kerala, India.

Pallikkalaar is a stream flowing through the village.

There is a temple called the Malumel Bhagavathi Kshethram (temple). The idol is goddess Bhadrakali Deshadevatha of Malumel.

The village has a vast playground in which there is a pipal tree and a banyan tree.

Fatima (given name)

Fatima (, "Fāṭimah") [ fat-"uh"-m"uh", fah-tee-mah ] is a female given name of Arabic origin used throughout the Islamic world. Several relatives of the Islamic prophet Muhammad had the name, including his daughter Fatimah. The colloquial Arabic pronunciation of the name in some dialects (e.g., Syria and Egyptian) often omits the unstressed second syllable and renders it as "Fatma" when romanized. Fatima is also used by non-Muslims: the town of Fátima, Portugal was named after a Moorish princess. It was the site of a famous Marian apparition in 1917, after which it achieved some popularity as a female personal name among Roman Catholic populations, particularly in the Portuguese-speaking and Spanish-speaking worlds. Fatima is a gorgeous and significant moniker that has garnered popularity for centuries. This Arabic name is rooted in the term "fatimah," signifying "a person who refrains." This name was ranked #377 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 




Manampuzha

Manampuzha is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.

There is a temple, a government primary school, an English medium convent school, a church etc. in this place.

The temple called "Manampuzha Trikkannapuram Mahadeva Temple" is a small famous which gets fame across the area these days. The festival will be conducted every year on 10th day of Medam.

Axa

AXA is a French multinational insurance firm headquartered in Paris. It is engaged in global insurance, investment management, and other financial services.

The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.


2018 FIFA World Cup seeding

The draw for the 2018 FIFA World Cup took place on 1 December 2017 at the State Kremlin Palace in Moscow, Russia 
to determine the groups in which the 32 qualified national teams will play in at the start of the tournament. The teams were put into four pots of eight, with one team selected from each pot to form a group.
The draw sequence started with pot 1 and ended with pot 4.

All teams were seeded using the October 2017 FIFA World Rankings, which numbers in brackets show, released on 16 October 2017.

According to the FIFA rankings, the strongest group is E (combining for 4415 points), followed by F (4151), B (4128), C (4101), D (4099), G (3953), H (3944) and the weakest by far is the host nation's group A (2991).

Fujitsu

Fujitsu is a Japanese company that specializes in semiconductors, computers (supercomputers, personal computers, servers), telecommunications, and services. It is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.


2018–19 UEFA Champions League group stage

The 2018–19 UEFA Champions League group stage is set to begin on 18 September and end on 12 December 2018. A total of 32 teams will compete in the group stage to decide the 16 places in the knockout stage of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League.

Below are the teams (with their 2018 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their seeding pot. They include:


In each group, teams play against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The group winners and runners-up go to the round of 16, while the third-placed teams enter the Europa League round of 32.

Teams are ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss), and if tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria are applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings (Regulations Articles 17.01):

The group stage matches will be played from 18–19 September, 2–3 October, 23–24 October, 6–7 November, 27–28 November, up to 11–12 December 2018. The scheduled kickoff times are 21:00 CEST/CET, with two matches on each Tuesday and Wednesday scheduled for 18:55 CEST/CET.


National City, California

National City is a city in the South Bay region of the San Diego metropolitan area, in southwestern San Diego County, California.

The population was 56,173 at the 2020 census. National City is the second-oldest city in San Diego County.


List of Coronation Street characters

This is a list of the current characters in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", listed in order of appearance.


Ken Barlow

Ken Barlow is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", played by William Roache. Barlow was created by Tony Warren as one of "Coronation Street"s original characters, and December 2020 marked Ken's 60th anniversary onscreen. He debuted in the soap's first episode on 9 December 1960. Having appeared in the role continuously since that date, Roache is the longest-serving actor in a televised soap opera and was honoured at the 2010 "Guinness World Records" ceremony for the achievement, having surpassed actor Don Hastings from the American soap opera "As the World Turns", who previously held this title. Roache stated in 2010 that he had no plans to leave the role and would remain in "Coronation Street" for as long as the producers would have him. In November 2020, Roache was again presented with the "Guinness World Record" for the longest serving TV soap star in the world for his six decades in "Coronation Street".

Rita Sullivan

Rita Tanner (also Littlewood, Bates, Fairclough and Sullivan) is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", played by Barbara Knox, the character first appeared onscreen as "Rita Littlewood" for one episode on 2 December 1964, before returning as a full-time cast member on 31 January 1972. Knox is currently the second longest-serving cast member in the show. The character of Rita is one of the most beloved and iconic characters on any British soap opera. The actress is recognised as being one of the List of longest-serving soap opera actors.

She is known for being something of a mother figure to a number of the street's residents including Sharon Gaskell (Tracie Bennett), Jenny Bradley (Sally Ann Matthews), Sally Webster (Sally Dynevor), Tina McIntyre (Michelle Keegan) and Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell).

Calw

Calw (; locally ) is a town in the middle of Baden-Württemberg in the south of Germany. It is the capital and largest town of the district of Calw. It is about south of Pforzheim and west of Stuttgart.


La Mesa, California

La Mesa is a city in San Diego County. It is east of Downtown San Diego in Southern California. The population was 61,121 at the 2020 census. Its civic motto is "the Jewel of the Hills."


Flag of Northern Ireland

The official flag of Northern Ireland between 1921 and 1972 was a red cross on a white field defaced with a crowned six-pointed star with a red hand in the centre. The flag was the official flag of the Executive Committee for Northern Ireland (the government of Northern Ireland) between 1921 and 1972. This government went out of existence in 1972 and since that time the United Kingdom has not used the flag. The British Government uses the flag of the United Kingdom. Sometimes, sports teams use the flag to represent Northern Ireland.

This flag is known as the Ulster Banner, or more commonly the Northern Ireland flag or Ulster flag. It is not the same as the flag of Ulster.

Time in Switzerland

Switzerland uses a single time zone, denoted as Central European Time (CET: ). Switzerland also observes summer time, shifting to Central European Summer Time (CEST: ).

T. H. White

Terence Hanbury White (29 May 1906 – 17 January 1964) was an English author and historian. He was known for his autobiography and his books. Some works in his career that support this are "The Sword in The Stone", "The Once and the Future King", and "The Candle in the Wind". 

In the beginning of his life, Terence Hanbury White was born in 1906 in India but he might live as a British since his father was a superintendent in the Indian police.

When Terence Hanbury White was 20 years old, he wrote his first book in Cambridge University. After he finish his study in Cambridge University, He got work as a teacher. He also continued writing, writting books about world outside of the building like hunting (killing some animals for food) and fishing. Few years later, his book about himself  "England Have My Bones" became famous and he might have decided to become a full-time writer.

He seemed to use a lot of time on go over his writing and reading a lot of hard person such as King Arthur. King Arthur gave him a lot of thing to write for his book when he became a writer . When he was in the college, he read some books that were written by Sir Thomas Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur . This book could make him to write some stories about King Arthur.

Terence Hanbury White wrote a lot of great books. For example "The Sword in the Stone, The Queen of Air and Darkness and The Candle in the Wind." All three books show people the life of  King Arthur. Terence Hanbury White might have been changed by Sir Thomas Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur , a remaking of story we have now by Sir Thomas Malory about the famous King Arthur, and decided to make his own story about King Arthur. White wrote these three books as a series of how King Arthur became a famous person in the history . The Sword in the Stone is about king Arthur’s when he was very young. "The Queen of air and darkness" is about Arthur ’ s early days as a king. The Candle In the Wind is the end of King Arthur story.
It is possible he made people around the world know King Arthur’ s life when he was very young better. This book about King Arthur probably is probably the most famous book about King Arthur . In his book, "The Sword in the Stone", he wrote, “On Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays it was Court Hand and Summulae Logicales, while the rest of the week it was the Organon, Repetition and Astrology.” "The Once and Future King" was known by a lot of people in 1960.

In 1946, he wrote "Mistress Masham's Repose". One year later, he wrote "The Elephant and the Kangaroo" . In 1951, he wrote "The Goshawk". Six years later, he wrote The Maste. In 1963, he worked with The Walt Disney to make movie The Sword in the Stone. In 1964, people found his body on a boat (The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica ). He might have been involved in a boat accident. 

Throughout his life, he wrote a lot of stories about King Arthur. His life might have been hard when he was young because he was raised by his grandparents. But he made his life better and made himself famous when he started writing some books. He made the world know more about the story of King Arthur.

White died on 17 January 1964 while on a ship near Athens, Greece of heart failure at the age of 57.


Edith Wharton

Edith Wharton (born Edith Newbold Jones; January 24, 1862 – August 11, 1937) was an American historical writer, novelist and designer. She was “known for some essays and novels about war." She was born during the American Civil War. During World War I, she helped to support some medical assistants to soldiers. She was born in New York City.

Wharton died on August 11, 1937 in Saint-Brice-sous-Forêt, France of a stroke caused by a heart attack at the age of 75. 

Edith Wharton became an author because she wanted to tell more people what she saw and what she learned in her life. The most famous novel she wrote was "The Age of Innocence" (1920). She wrote this book because she had a similar life like the main character in the book. At the same time, it was about people’s lives during the nineteenth century.

Edith Wharton family was upper class (a group of people who has a lot of money). She usually heard some events to write the book. "The Valley of Decision" talked about a lawyer man falls in love with a women that already has a husband; however, at the end of the book, the man marries with the nephew of the woman. One of her books, "The Age of Innocence", helped Edith Wharton win the Pulitzer Prize, and the book was written just after World War I. 

The influence of Edith Wharton on society was to help people know about the war and life. All of her books mostly talked about what she saw in her life. The life part talks about what she learned in her life and some experiences from her life. 

At the end of World War I, she moved out Paris. She won the Pulitzer Prize because of the book "The Age of Innocence". 

Yrsa Stenius

Yrsa Carola Stenius (7 January 1945 – 19 May 2018) was a Finnish-born Swedish journalist and newspaper editor. She was born in Helsinki, Finland. She was chief editor of the newspaper "Arbetarbladet" from 1972 to 1978. From 1979 she was cultural editor for the newspaper "Aftonbladet" and was appointed chief editor for the newspaper from 1982 to 1987. She wrote several books.

Stenius died suddenly on 19 May 2018 at her home in Stockholm at 73 years old.

Roland Vogt

Roland Vogt (; 17 February 1941 – 20 May 2018) was a German politician. He was the first member of the German Green Party to be elected to the Bundestag from Rhineland-Palatinate serving from 1983 to 1987. He was born in was born in Gelnhausen, Hesse-Nassau. 

Vogt died on 20 May 2018, aged 77. 

Richard N. Goodwin

Richard Naradof Goodwin (December 7, 1931 – May 20, 2018) was an American writer. Goodwin was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was an advisor and speechwriter to Presidents Kennedy and Johnson and to Senator Robert F. Kennedy.

Goodwin joined Kennedy's speech writing staff in 1959, and after Kennedy's successful presidential bid, served as assistant special counsel to the President in 1961. Goodwin was also a member of Kennedy's Task Force on Latin American Affairs and in 1961, was appointed Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs, a position he held until 1963.

From 1963 to 1964, Goodwin served as the Director of the International Peace Corps Secretariat and in 1964 became special assistant to President Lyndon B. Johnson.

Goodwin died of cancer on May 20, 2018 in Concord, Massachusetts at the age of 86.


António Arnault

António Duarte Arnault, (28 January 1936 – 21 May 2018) was a Portuguese poet, fiction writer, essayist, lawyer, and politician. He was Minister of Social Affairs in the second Constitutional Portuguese Government, led by Mário Soares.

Although being retired from active politics, Arnault was still an influential voice in the country.

Arnault died on 21 May 2018 at a hospital in Santo António dos Olivais, Portugal of 82.

Dovey Johnson Roundtree

Dovey Johnson Roundtree (April 17, 1914 – May 21, 2018) was an African-American civil rights activist, ordained minister, and attorney. That case, "Sarah Keys v. Carolina Coach Company" (64 MCC 769 (1955)), which Dovey Roundtree argued with her law partner and mentor Julius Winfield Robertson, was caused by Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy during the 1961 Freedom Riders' campaign in his successful battle end the enforce its rulings and end Jim Crow in public transportation.

Roundtree was saluted by First Lady Michelle Obama on the occasion of the release of her 2009 autobiography, "Justice Older than the Law", which Roundtree co-authored with Washington journalist Katie McCabe and which won the 2009 Letitia Woods Brown Award from the Association of Black Women Historians.

Roundtree died in Charlotte on May 21, 2018 at the age of 104.


Anna Maria Ferrero

Anna Maria Ferrero (18 February 1934 – 21 May 2018) was an Italian actress. She was born in Rome. From 1962 until her death, Ferrero was married to Jean Sorel. She appeared with Vittorio Gassman in six movies: "Lorenzaccio", King Vidor's "War and Peace", "Kean", which Gassman co-directed, "Giovanni dalle bande nere", "Le sorprese dell'amore", and "Il mattatore".

Ferrero was known for her roles in "The Violent Patriot", "Bad Girls Don't Cry", and "Love and Larceny".

Ferrero died on 21 May 2018 in Paris at the age of 84.


Jean Sorel

Jean Sorel (; born 25 September 1934) is a French actor. He was born in Marseille, France. From 1962 until her death in 2018, he was married to Anna Maria Ferrero. He is known for his roles in "The Day of the Jackal" (1973), "Belle de Jour" (1967) and "One on Top of the Other" (1969).

The Day of the Jackal (movie)

The Day of the Jackal is a 1973 British-French thriller movie directed by Fred Zinnemann. It starred Edward Fox, Michel Lonsdale, Jean Sorel, Timothy West, Derek Jacobi, Tony Britton, Barrie Ingham and Donald Sinden. It was based on the 1971 novel "The Day of the Jackal" by Frederick Forsyth. 

The movie is about a professional assassin who is hired to assassinate French president Charles de Gaulle in the summer of 1963. In the movie, the assassin is only known as "the Jackal". 

"The Day of the Jackal" won the BAFTA Award for Best Editing and earned five additional more BAFTA nominations, two Golden Globe Award nominations, and one Academy Award nomination. 

The movie made $16,056,255 at the box office. The British Film Institute ranked it the 74th greatest British movies of the 20th century.

In 1988, the same plot inspired the Malayalam movie "August 1". "The Day of the Jackal" film was later loosely remade as "The Jackal", a 1997 movie featuring Richard Gere, Bruce Willis, Sidney Poitier and Jack Black. 

Hydrofluorocarbon

Hydroflurocarbons (HFC) are chemical compounds made of hydrogen, carbon and fluorine. 

They are used in air conditioning and as refrigerants in place of the older chlorofluorocarbons. HFC contain a hydrogen atom which cause it to decompose quickly before reaching the stratosphere. HFC do not contain chlorine which is harmful for the ozone layer. HFC survive in the atmosphere between two and forty years. CFC can stay at the atmosphere for up to 150 years.

2018–19 UEFA Champions League

The 2018–19 UEFA Champions League was the 64th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 27th season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League.

The final was played at the Wanda Metropolitano in Madrid, Spain. The final was played between two English clubs, Liverpool and Tottenham. Liverpool beat Tottenham 2–0 with goals from Mohamed Salah and Divock Origi. This brought Liverpool to there 6th European Champion Clubs' Cup / UEFA Champions League. Liverpool have won the most European Champion Clubs' Cup and UEFA Champions League than any other British Club.

League positions of the previous season shown in parentheses (TH: Champions League title holders; EL: Europa League title holders).


The schedule of the competition is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, unless stated otherwise).

From this season, there will be staggered kick-off times – 18:55 CET and 21:00 CET.

The draw for the group stage will be held on 30 August 2018 at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco. The 32 teams are drawn into eight groups of four, with the restriction that teams from the same association cannot be drawn against each other. For the draw, the teams are seeded into four pots based on the following principles (introduced starting this season):

In each group, teams play against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The group winners and runners-up advance to the round of 16, while the third-placed teams enter the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League round of 32. The matchdays are 18–19 September, 2–3 October, 23–24 October, 6–7 November, 27–28 November, and 11–12 December 2018.

A total of 32 teams play in the group stage: 26 teams which enter in this stage, and the six winners of the play-off round (four from Champions Path, two from League Path).
In the knockout stage, teams play against each other over two legs on a home-and-away basis, except for the one-match final. The mechanism of the draws for each round is as follows:

The draw for the round of 16 will be held on 17 December 2018. The first legs will be played on 12, 13, 19 and 20 February, and the second legs will be played on 5, 6, 12 and 13 March 2019.

The draw for the quarter-finals will be held on 15 March 2019. The first legs will be played on 9 and 10 April, and the second legs will be played on 16 and 17 April 2019.

The draw for the semi-finals will be held on 19 April 2019. The first legs will be played on 30 April and 1 May, and the second legs will be played on 7 and 8 May 2019.

The final will be played on 1 June 2019 at the Wanda Metropolitano in Madrid. The "home" team (for administrative purposes) will be determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw.


Management buyout

Management buyout is when a company's managers buy a large part or all of a company. They may buy from private owners or from a parent company.

Management and leveraged buyouts were a phenomenon of the 1980s. Leveraged buyouts use borrowed money.

The venture capital industry has played a crucial role in the development of buyouts in Europe, especially in smaller deals in the UK, the Netherlands, and France.

Mancode

Mancode is a village in the Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.

 India census, Mancode had a population of 24,701 with 11,768 males and 12,933 females.

Mathra

Mathra is a village in Kollam district in the Indian state of Kerala, it is near the town of Punalur. It is the headquarters of Mathra Grama Panchayat, a fertile area in which many residents are engaged in farming.. It is surrounded by hills, and several streams flow through village.

Mathra has a very high population of Saiva Vellala community. Mathra is a big village constituting many temples, including Mathra Ayiravalli Temple (Lord Shiva) and Paravathi Devi Temple. It also has one school - Saraswathi Villasam School.Mathra Service Co-operative Bank is a large cooperative bank in the district. The Village has a large NRI population. Most of the needs of the village are contributed by the nearby town Punalur. Jai bharath library is a cultural centre in Mathra.

Many Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) buses ply through Mathra, connecting village to Punalur and other nearby places. Private vehicles including jeeps and autos also connect Mathra to Punalur.

WeberHaus

WeberHaus GmbH & Co. KG is a German home builder of off-site manufactured houses. The head office and one of two production halls is in Rheinau-Linx, Germany. The family-owned company produces prefabricated single and multi-family houses as well as wooden prefabricated commercial constructions. 

WeberHaus employs about 1,140 people (including apprentices). The annual turnover amounts to 250 million euros (2017).

At the production halls in Rheinau-Linx (Baden-Württemberg) and Wenden-Hünsborn (North Rhine-Westphalia) WeberHaus produced 745 houses for the European market in 2017. In addition to Germany, the company is active in France, Luxembourg, Belgium, the Netherlands, United Kingdom, Ireland and Switzerland.

In 1960 Hans Weber took over a two-man carpentry business in Rheinau-Linx, which specialized in the production of residential buildings in timber frame (timber framing). In 1961, the first three prefabricated houses were built. In the 1970s, the first factory buildings were built in Linx, the license was acquired and henceforth only own houses were built. In 1978 a second factory was built in Wenden-Hünsborn.

In 1985, WeberHaus opened the first builders center in the industry at the Rheinau-Linx headquarters, a hall with sample solutions and advice for future clients. In 1991, WeberHaus was the first house construction company to introduce low-energy construction as the standard. In 1993, the first WeerHaus branch in Switzerland was founded in Kindhausen. In October 2000, WeberHaus opened the World of Living at the Rheinau-Linx headquarters, Europe's first and so far only theme park for building Since 2006 WeberHaus offers Plus Energy Houses. In addition to company founder Hans Weber and his wife Christa Weber, his daughter Heidi Weber-Mühleck is one of the managing partners. Commercial director is Stephan Jager and Peter Liehner is managing director sales / marketing.

Since 1990, WeberHaus has been building only low-energy houses and in 1996 developed the first zero-heating house, where solar plants produce hot water and electricity. In 2000, the first passive house followed with direct heating and heat recovery and in 2006 the plus energy house, which gains more energy than it needs. Every WeberHaus today is equipped with an ecological building shell. The wood fiber insulation board protects the house from external influences such as cold, heat and noise.

In October 2000 WeberHaus opened the "World of Living" at the headquarters in Rheinau-Linx (Baden-Wurttemberg), Europe's first and so far only adventure park in the areas of building and living. The park covers an area of 75,000 square meters and offers a 5,000 square meter showroom. The World of Living show park is a space dedicated to choice, inspiration and imagination for contemporary home designs. The park features the Universe of Time - a curated history of home design through the ages and a village of full-size show homes.



WeberHaus is also awarded with numerous quality Labels:




Mayyanad

Mayyanad is in the southwestern suburbs of Kollam district, Kollam city about south of the city centre and north of Paravur Town. Mayyanad can be reached by frequent buses from Kollam city and Kottiyam town and by local train from Kollam and Thiruvananthapuram. The bridge connecting Mayyand and Paravur was completed in 2012, making travel to Kollam city easier.

Mayyanad is situated on the banks of the Paravur Lake and has an Arabian Sea coastline noted for its fishing. 
Mayyanad railway station is one among the major railway stations in Kollam district.

Several temples, churches and mosques are in Mayyanad including the Umayanalloor Sri Balasubramanya Swami Temple. Tourists are attracted to the location by the meeting of a lagoon with the sea while the long sandy scenic beaches are ideal for swimming.

It is the birthplace of several prominent social reformers, such as C. Kesavan and C. V. Kunjiraman. This land also set stage for the childhood and later times of Raman Rajan,Surya Lekshmi,Bharath Rajan. The first Panchayat President was Prof. K. Ravindran who went on to become the founder principal of Mahatma Gandhi Government Arts College in Mahe and Tagore Arts College in Pondicherry.

The Malayalam daily newspaper "Kerala Kaumudi" was founded in Mayyanad in 1911.

Meenad

Meenad is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India. It is just 6 km away from Paravur.

 India census, Meenad had a population of 29497 with 14087 males and 15410 females.

Meenad is well connected with Paravur Town and Chathannoor. The well furnished Paravur-Chathannoor road is passing through Meenad. The proximity of this place to Paravur Railway Station and National Highway-47 makes Meenad a major residential area in the district.

Paravur Railway Station is an 'Adersh Railway Station', so a good number of important daily trains have halts here.

Timo Boll

Timo Boll (born March 8, 1981 in Erbach) is a German table tennis player. He is the best German table tennis player and is in China one of the most popular table tennis players in the history. He is a lefthanded-player and uses the Shakehand-grip. At the World Championships 2011 in Rotterdam Boll won a bronze medal in the singles. He is a wonder in the table tennis world and got 11 times the German National Championships.

Timo began to play table tennis at the age of four with his father in their old cellar. His father bought an table tennis table. His talent was quickly spotted. With seven years Timo Boll was discovered from the Hessian National coach Helmut Hampl who promoted him. He also trained in the Table tennis centre . 1995 at age 14 he was strong enough to play in the "Oberliga" with the adults even though only being at position 5 in the team. To daily train with him, the team moved to his homeplace. In that year (1995) he took part in the European Youth Championships in Den Haag, where Timo won three Gold medals. In 1997 Boll played his first game for the national team against Poland where he was matched with Piotr Skierski and , and won both matches. He ends his school education with graduation from "" / .

2002 Boll took part in the Europe-Top-16, where he won the singles category. By doing so he also overtook the at that time best German table tennis player Jörg Rosskopf, meaning he became the best German table tennis player himself. At the European Championships 2002, he won gold in the singles and doubles, the German team lost in the final to Sweden. With winning at the World Cup 2002 in Jinan, he became no. one in the world. At the European Championships 2003, Timo Boll lost already in the 2nd round against Vladimir Samsonov- of course this also meant that he lost the 1st place in the world ranking again.

2004 he had very strong back problems- that wasn't good for preparing to the Olympics, but he took part in that. In a strong play against Jan-Ove Waldner he lost in the Quarterfinals against him. Before that, he beat Werner Schlager in the Round of 16. 

2005 Boll reached the at the World Championships in the doubles with Christian Süss- but in the singles he didn't win a medal. He also won the at the World Cup again. 

2006 he won the Europe-Top-16 again. In this year he played in the Chinese Superleague. For the season 2007/2008 he transferred from where he had played since his youth to the club of "Borussia Düsseldorf."

2007 he won the European Championship singles, doubles, and in the team competition. He also played in the Chinese Superleague . 

2008 at the Olympic Games 2008 together with the national team he reached the final after beating the teams of Croatia, Australia and Japan. In the final the German team lost to China. In the singles he missed narrowly missed a medal. 

2008 and 2009 he didn't participate in the World championships. However at the World Cup in Belgium he won the silver medal. Because of these performances, he became the world number one again. 

2010 at the World Championships 2010 in Moscow Timo and the German team won the silver medal again. The German selection only lost to China.

2011 Boll took part in the World Championships again and won the bronze medal, after strong play against the top-player Chen Qi. Before he lost the semifinal against Zhang Jike. In the same year he won the "Volkswagen Cup". At the Olympic Games 2012 in London he won team bronze, again after losing China in the semifinal, but Timo won his match against Zhang Jike. However in the singles he didn't win a medal. Boll also took part in the World Cup, where he won for the first time the silver medal, after losing to Ma Long in an strong final. He also won his 6th European Championships title.

2013 he took part in his 5th World Championships in Paris. He doesn't won a medal for the second time- in the Quarterfinals he lost to Ma Long. The World Cup 2014 he finished with the 3rd place. At the World Championships 2014 he won silver with the team again, after losing China again. Because of playing very inactive he fell back to place 10 in the world ranking system. 2015 he became for the 10th time German champion and took part in the World Championships in Suzhou, China. In the singles he lost in the Quarterfinals to a Chinese top-player, again- this time Fan Zhendong. In the doubles Boll played for the first time with Ma Long, but they had bad luck with the playing- already in the 2nd round they met the duo Fan Zhendong and Xu Xin. In that year he doesn't played another events. In 2016 he took part in the Olympics, where Timo won bronze with the team again (after London 2012), in the singles he lost already again, against Quadri Aruna. At the European Championships he doesn't played around the title, but reached the semifinal and got so bronze. Because of inactive the last months, he got on place 12 in the world rankings. At the Europe-Top-16 he got the 5th place. 2017 he won for the 11th time the German National Championships, he also took part in the WTTC (World Championships), where he reached the Quarterfinals in the singles, his opponent was Ma Long again. In the doubles, where he took part with Ma Long again, they reached the 2nd round, again. At the China Open he won silver. In 2018 he won the silver medal at the WTTC again.




Boll is an lefthanded-player and attacker. He uses on both sides of his table tennis racket the "Butterfly Tenergy 05."

Strengthen: Topspin with lots of swerve, blocking

Weaknesses: Defensive, Backhand (Power)- Topspin

Jack Günthard

Jakob "Jack" Günthard (8 January 1920 – 7 August 2016) was a Swiss artistic gymnast. He competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, where he won the gold medal in the horizontal bar, and the silver medal in the team combined exercises.

Günthard died on 7 August 2016 at the age of 96.

Marks &amp; Spencer

Marks and Spencer plc (also known as M&S) is a major British retailer headquartered in the City of Westminster, London. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index

It specialises in the selling of clothing, home products and luxury food products. M&S was founded in 1884 by Michael Marks and Thomas Spencer in Leeds. It has 979 stores across the U.K. including 615 that only sell food products.

General Data Protection Regulation

The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (European Union) 2016/679) was adopted on 27 April 2016. It took effect on 25 May 2018.

The regulation is approved by the European Parliament, the Council of the European Union and the European Commission. It protects people's personal data throughout the European Union (EU). The decree also affects data exports from the EU.
The GDPR is aimed at giving citizens control over their personal data. It simplifies regulations for economic relations with other countries by making the EU procedures standardised. The GDPR replaces the Data Protection Directive of 1995. The new GDPR law doesn't need any changes in local laws within the EU. The regulation is binding.

The General Data Protection Regulation enforces rules that protect people against a wide variety of privacy issues. It gives the right for people to lawfully agree with companies to use their private information. It gives the right for people to have their private information no longer accessible by a company. Users have the right to allow their private information to become public or not. The regulation also makes sure that no personal data is processed unless the user has allowed the processor of personal data to do so.


Alberto Dines

Alberto Dines (February 19, 1932 — May 22, 2018) was a Brazilian journalist and writer. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He has taught journalism from 1963 until his death, and was a visiting professor at the Columbia University School of Journalism in 1974.

Dines was the editor in chief of "Jornal do Brasil" for twelve years, in addition to coordinating the Rio de Janeiro branch of "Folha de S.Paulo". He was also the director of Grupo Abril in Portugal, where he launched the "Exame" magazine.

Dines died of pneumonia on May 22, 2018 in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 86.


James, Earl of Wessex

James, Earl of Wessex (born 17 December 2007) is younger child and only son of Prince Edward, Duke of Edinburgh and Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh.

He was born at Frimley Park Hospital in Frimley, Surrey. He is the youngest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and a nephew of King Charles III. 

Because he is the oldest son of a duke, he has the official title of "Earl of Wessex" but his father's dukedom will revert to the Crown upon his death.
James can now be entitled "His Royal Highness Prince James of Edinburgh". But as per their parent's wish he styled simply as the "Earl of Wessex"

Titles 

17 December 2007 Viscount Severn 

10 March 2023 Earl of Wessex 

10 March 2023 In Scotland Earl of Forfar 

Religion: Church of England 

Honors 

-6 February 2012: Recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal 

-6 February 2023: Recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Platinum Jubilee Medal 

-6 May 2023: Recipient of the King Charles III Coronation Medal 

Júlio Pomar

Júlio Pomar, (January 10, 1926 – May 22, 2018) was a Portuguese painter. He was born in Lisbon. Pomar worked in the neo-realist movement from 1945-1957 and later became a neo-expressionist. He illustrated a children's book by American-Portuguese novelist Richard Zimler.

Pomar died at the age of 92 at a hospital in Lisbon on May 22, 2018.


President of Venezuela

The President of Venezuela (), officially known as the President of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela (), is the head of state and head of government of Venezuela. The president leads the National Executive of the Venezuelan government and is the Commander-in-chief of the National Bolivarian Armed Forces. Presidential terms were changed from five to six years following the adoption of the 1999 Constitution by President Hugo Chávez, and presidential term limits were also removed in 2009 by President Chávez stating that the president can serve as long as he/she wants.

The current president is Nicolás Maduro who has been in power since 15 April 2013 following his victory on the 2013 Venezuelan presidential election the previous day, narrowly defeating his rival Henrique Capriles by 1.5%. Previously, Maduro was the acting president from the death of Hugo Chávez on 5 March 2013 until his inauguration. Maduro was also the Vice President from 2012 to 2013 before assuming the presidency.

In May 2018, Maduro won the Presidential election. However, the election was considered unfair and controversies about the election result grew. Many people demanded Maduro to leave office once his first presidential term ends on 10 January 2019. However, Maduro illegally swore himself in early that day. This made the opposition parties angry at Maduro and thus, the opposition leader Juan Guaidó, who was the President of the National Assembly of Venezuela swore himself in declaring himself Interim President. Immediately many foreign governments mainly that of the United States, Canada, and the European Union and Nato regognized Guaidó's interim government and no loner recognized Maduro as the legitimate president thus beginning the Venezuelan presidential crisis.

Guaidó promised to form a transitional government and hold fair elections and put an end to Maduro's government. However, none of the promises Guaidó and his interim government made came true and by 2022, Guaidó became increasingly unpopular and started to lose support. On 30 December 2022, three of the four main opposition parties voted to dissolve Guaidó's interim government. Eventually on 5 January 2023, Guaidó relinquished his claim to the presidency and officially dissolved his interim government thus ending the presidential crisis. Many foreign governments who recognized Guaidó's interim government switched back to recognizing Maduro's government and once again recognized Maduro as the legitimate president of Venezuela.

Blue Edwards

Theodore "Blue" Edwards (born October 31, 1965) is a retired American professional basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Edwards played ten years in the league.


13 Reasons Why

13 Reasons Why (or TH1RTEEN R3ASONS WHY onscreen) is an American mystery teen drama series. It's based on the novel "Thirteen Reasons Why" by Jay Asher and It was adapted by Brian Yorkey for Netflix. The series centers on a high school student (Clay Jensen) and his friend Hannah Baker. Hannah decides to kill herself after suffering a lot at her school. She believed that some individuals are responsible for her suicide, and that everyone of them was a reason of the 13 reasons why. She records some cassette tapes before her suicide. These tapes incuded the thirteen reasons why she ended her life.

In May 2017, The series was renewed for a second season, and it was released on May 18, 2018, along with a second "13 Reasons Why: Beyond the Reasons" special.



John Hasler

John Hasler (born 21 April 1974) is an English actor and voice actor. He is best known for his role as Thomas the Tank Engine and Rheneas in the U.K. dub of the children's television series "Thomas and Friends". He is also known for voicing Arnold McKinley and James Jones in the U.K. dub of the children's television series "Fireman Sam".


Faith Whittlesey

Faith Ryan Whittlesey (February 21, 1939 – May 21, 2018) was an American Republican politician and White House Senior Staff member. She was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. She served in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1973 to 1976. 

Whittlesey served as the United States Ambassador to Switzerland from 1981 to 1983 and again from 1985 to 1988 under the Ronald Reagan administration.

Whittlesey died on May 21, 2018, aged 79, of cancer in Washington, D.C..


Hartford, Illinois

Hartford is a village in Madison County, Illinois, United States, near the mouth of the Missouri River. The population was 1,185 at the 2020 census. Lewis and Clark spent the winter of 1803-1804 here, near what has been designated the Lewis and Clark State Historic Site.

Since multiple oil refineries have been in the area for lots of years, An estimate of 4 million gallons of gasoline have leaked into the ground below. The village filed a lawsuit on July 21 2008, for all the parties that were there.

Erik Lidbom

Erik Lidbom is a Swedish songwriter and music producer based in Stockholm, Sweden. Lidbom is better known as a K-Pop and J-Pop composer.

Lidbom started his musical as a lyricist. In 2007, Lidbom wrote a song for a Japanese boy band "Arashi" for their J-Pop album "Time". In 2009, Lidbom composed a song "Genie" for the South Korean band "Girls’ Generation", which was well received by audiences. Lidbom wrote and produced several international hit songs with Asian artists and bands like Arashi, SHINee, Gugudan, Namie Amuro & BoA. 

As of 2018, Lidbom has collaborated on more than 60 albums as a composer.

Purple music

Purple music () is a kind of music that has been very much at the center of Vietnamese public life from the time of its first strong emergence in the country in the late 1930s up to the present day. It is known as the origin of Vietnamese popular music. Harmonious, sentimental and melancholy, many romantic songs of purple music have become regarded as national treasures and are still performed widely.

Songs of Purple Music carry with them an air of nostalgia, perhaps nostalgia for an era when Vietnam was still unified, the era preceding nearly 20 years of civil war. After 1954, the country was split into two very different regimes, the communist Socialist Republic of Vietnam or North Vietnam, and the Republic of Vietnam or South Vietnam. At that time, some purple music composers went South, while others remained in the North. Most of the Northerners either ceased composing or followed the dictates of the regime for writing songs to mobilize the masses and strengthen the revolution. Southerners continued to write romantic songs. Since the North's victory resulting in Vietnam's reunification in 1975, the country's culture has continued to be divided between resident and overseas communities. As nearly all music and literature of a romantic or sentimental basis was banned by the communist regime, many of Vietnam's creative minds left the country in 1975 for Western countries like the United States, Australia, and France. Although differences between these two communities continue until this time, purple music is one of the few popular song genres that can be heard on the stage of both Vietnam and among the overseas community.

Although Vietnamese music this period has gone through many movements : Patriotic songs, scout songs, happy songs, folk songs... the longest lasting movement is still love song movement. That is the music movement with greatest composers like Văn Cao, Phạm Duy, Lê Thương... and with ever-lasting love songs like. Amongst the best-known ones are "I Come to See You One Rainy Afternoon" (Em đến thăm anh một chiều mưa) by Tô Vũ ; "Send the Wind to Blow Away the Clouds" (Gửi gió cho mây ngàn bay), "Seductive Autumn" (Thu quyến rũ), "Leaves Falling in the Afternoon" (Lá đổ muôn chiều), "A Letter" (Lá thư), "Plum Pack and Pansy Petal" (Một gói nho khô, một cánh păng-xê) by Đoàn Chuẩn ; "Resonance" (Dư âm) by Nguyễn Văn Tý ; "The Girl Next Door" (Cô láng giềng) by Hoàng Quý ; "Drop of Autumn Rain" (Giọt mưa thu) and "The Boat isn't Docking" (Con thuyền không bến) by Đặng Thế Phong.





Paul Bogle

Paul Bogle (1822 – 24 October 1865) was a Jamaican Baptist deacon and activist. He is a National Hero of Jamaica because he was a leader of the 1865 Morant Bay protesters, who marched for justice and fair treatment for all the people in Jamaica. After leading the Morant Bay Rebellion, Bogle was captured by government troops, tried by British authorities under martial law, and hanged on 24 October 1865 in the Morant Bay Court House.

Bogle had become the friend of wealthy landowner and fellow Baptist George William Gordon, a biracial man who served in the Assembly as one of two representatives from St. Thomas-in-the-East parish.

Bogle led a group of small farmers 45 miles to the then capital, Spanish Town, hoping to meet with Governor Eyre to discuss their issues, but they were denied an audience. The people of Stony Gut lost confidence and trust in the Government, and Bogle’s supporters grew in number in the parish.

In 1969 Paul Bogle was named a National Hero along with George William Gordon, Marcus Garvey, Sir Alexander Bustamante, Norman Washington Manley and Nanny.

Bogle is on the heads side of the Jamaican 10 cent coin. His face was also on the Jamaican two-dollar bill, from 1969 until 1989, when the two-dollar bill was cut out.

The Paul Bogle High School in the parish of his birth is named after him.

He is referred to together with Toussaint L'Ouverture, leader of the Haitian Revolution, in the name of the London-based publishing company Bogle-L'Ouverture.

Prime Minister of Jamaica

The Prime Minister of Jamaica is the head of government of Jamaica. Andrew Holness is the current office holder and was sworn in as Prime Minister on 3 March 2016. He succeeded People's National Party (PNP) leader Portia Simpson-Miller. This was a result of the JLP's victory in Jamaica's 25 February 2016 general election.

The Prime Minister is formally appointed into office by the Governor General of Jamaica, who represents Charles III, the King of Jamaica (Jamaica's Head of State).

The Prime Minister of Jamaica's official home is Vale Royal. The property was built in 1694 by the planter Sir William Taylor, who was one of the richest men in Jamaica at the time. In 1928 the property was sold to the government and became the official residence of the British Colonial Secretary (then Sir Reginald Edward Stubbs). Vale Royal has subsequently become the official home of the Prime Minister. Vale Royal is not open for the public.

Spanish Town

Spanish Town is a town in Jamaica. It is the capital and the largest town in the parish of St. Catherine in the historic county of Middlesex. It was the Spanish and British capital of Jamaica from 1534 until 1872.

The town has many memorials, the national archives, and one of the oldest Anglican churches outside England.

Palmar plate

In the human hand, palmar or volar plates (or ligaments) are in between the hand bones called metacarpals in the palm, and the finger bones called phalanges.

These plates or ligaments help protect and control the finger bones, make sure they move the right way, and make sure the finger joints can't be pulled apart.

This joint padding starts at the bottom joint of the first finger bone (proximal phalange), and then goes on to the next joint connecting to the middle finger bone (intermediate phalange).

Metacarpophalangeal joint

The metacarpophalangeal joints (MCP) are between the bones in the hand at the palm called metacarpals, and the first finger bones called proximal phalanges.

The palm bones have rounded ends, and the finger bone ends are shaped like caves. This helps the two bones fit together like a puzzle.

Alpine fault

The Alpine Fault is a geological fault that runs entirely through New Zealand's South Island. It forms a boundary between the Pacific Plate and the Indo-Australian Plate. Earthquakes along the fault have formed the Southern Alps.

Arianrhod

Arianrhod () is a figure in Welsh mythology who plays her most important role in the Fourth Branch of the "Mabinogi". She is the daughter of Dôn and the sister of Gwydion and Gilfaethwy; the Welsh Triads give her father as Beli Mawr. In the "Mabinogi" her uncle Math ap Mathonwy is the King of Gwynedd, and during the course of the story she gives birth to two sons, Dylan ail Don and Lleu Llaw Gyffes, through magical means.

Vice President of South Sudan

The Vice President of South Sudan is the second highest political position in South Sudan. The current Vice President is James Wani Igga.

A temporary position called First Vice President was created in August 2015.

Taban Deng Gai

Taban Deng Gai is a South Sudanese politician. He has been the second First Vice President of South Sudan since 23 July 2016. He was mining minister before being appointed as acting first vice president. He has served as governor of Unity State since 30 September 2005.

In the April 2010 elections the state electoral body stated that Taban Deng Gai won by 137,662 votes, beating runner-up Angelina Teny who won 63,561 votes.

List of Walt Disney Animation Studios movies

This is a list of movies from Walt Disney Animation Studios, an American animation studio headquartered in Burbank, California. It creates animated movies and is owned by The Walt Disney Company. The studio have produced 61 movies, beginning with "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937)—one of the first full-length animated movies and the first one made in the United States—and most recently "Ralph Breaks the Virtual Reality" (2024). Some movies are in development, with "Frozen 3" set to be out on November 26, 2025.

Human reproduction

Human reproduction is any form of sexual reproduction in humans. It typically involves sexual activities between a man and a woman. During sex, the interaction between the male and female reproductive systems results in fertilization of the woman's ovum by the man's sperm.

Gigantspinosaurus

Gigantspinosaurus (meaning "giant-spined lizard") is a mediun-sized stegosaur from the Upper Jurassic. It was found in Sichuan, China. It was only about 4.2 metres (14 ft) long and 700 kilograms (1,500 lb) in weight. The animal had greatly enlarged shoulder spines.

A study suggested that "Gigantspinosaurus" is the most basal known member of the Stegosauria.

Lophorhothon

Lophorhothon (Langston, 1960) is a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous, the first genus of dinosaur discovered in Alabama, in the United States.

Remains of this small, poorly known perhaps saurolophine dinosaur were first discovered during the 1940s, from extensive erosional outcrops of the lower unnamed member of the Mooreville Chalk Formation in Dallas County, west of the town of Selma, Alabama.

A number of workers have questioned the validity of "L. atopus". It may have been a premature "Prosaurolophus".

The holotype specimen was likely washed out to sea by a river, where it eventually sank and was buried in the silty carbonate sediments of Alabama.


Nipah virus infection

Nipah virus disease is a disease caused by a dangerous virus. This virus belongs to the "Paramyxoviridae" family and causes severe disease in humans; about half of all patients die. The virus is spread by fruit-eating bats. 
Symptoms of Nipah virus disease start to appear within 3-14 days of infection. When people first get this disease, it looks like some other diseases. People get fever, headache, and throat pain, and they feel very tired. They have difficulty breathing. Later, they get much sicker. They feel dizzy and might become unconscious. 

There have been 582 known cases of Nipah virus infection in humans. About half of these patients died. 

Fruit-eating bats can carry Nipah virus. Humans can get Nipah virus when they come in contact with items that are contaminated by infected bats' excreta. In Bangladesh, people were got Nipah virus when they drank date palm toddy which was contaminated by bats. 

Infected bats can also spread Nipah virus to other animals, such as pigs. In Malaysia and Singapore, people got Nipah virus from pigs that had come into contact with infected bats. 

Nipah virus can transmit from people to people also. It spreads through body fluids such as saliva, blood, and urine. For this reason, the caretakers of infected people are at an especially high risk of getting Nipah virus. The virus is not known to transmit through air. 

Nipah virus can be detected from throat swabs, cerebrospinal fluid (fluid taken by puncturing the spine), and blood tests. Scientists detect Nipah virus by finding copies of viral genome in the test sample. 

After death, Nipah virus can also be identified by examining body tissues.

There is no cure for Nipah virus infection. Ribavirin, a drug that fights some viruses, is possibly effective, but its effectiveness has not been well proven yet. Therefore, the usual treatment is to give supportive care, such as giving medicines to reduce fever and other symptoms. People who get very sick from Nipah virus disease may need ventilatory support. 
Avoiding contact with items contaminated by infected bats is the best way to prevent Nipah virus disease. Since the disease can spread from person to person, those in close contact with a patient must wear protective gear, including special masks, gloves and goggles. Healthcare workers in infected areas should also wear protective gear. 
Nipah virus has caused disease outbreaks in several parts of the world, including Malaysia, Bangladesh, Singapore and India. In 2018, there was an outbreak of Nipah virus in Kerala, India, which was successfully contained.


Assassination of Mahatma Gandhi

On January 30, 1948, Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated by a former RSS (Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh) activist, Nathuram Godse. He shot him because he felt that Gandhi was too respectful towards Muslims. As a punishment for this he was hanged.

Tsintaosaurus

Tsintaosaurus (; meaning "Qingdao lizard", after the old transliteration "Tsingtao") is a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur found in China.

Like other hadrosaurs, it walked on all fours but it could also move on its rear legs alone. They probably lived in herds.

Back to You (Selena Gomez song)

"Back to You" is a song by American singer Selena Gomez. It was written by Amy Allen, Gomez, Diederik van Elsas, Parrish Warrington, and Micah Premnath. It was produced by Trackside and Ian Kirkparick. It was released on May 10, 2018, and it is the lead single from the soundtrack of the second season of "13 Reasons Why" (2017).

Donji Kraji

Donji Kraji ("Lower Regions" or "Lower Ends") or Olfeld (In ), known in Latin as Partes inferiores ("Lower Parts"), was a small medieval region in present-day northwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina, on the southwestern size of Bosanska Krajina.

At first, "Donji Kraji" referred to a region around Ključ on the Sana. From the 13th century on, the region was more often called "Donji kraji Slavonije" than "Donji kraji Bosne" or "Donji kraji Bosanski".
The territory of Donji Kraji in the 13th century included the parishes: Uskoplje, Pliva, Luka, Vrbas, Zemljanik (Resnik), Vrbanja, Tribava (Trijebovo), Mel, Lušci and Banjica. During the reign of Hrvoje, Donji Kraji merged with Sana, Glaž, Vrbas (which has since been lost), and briefly Dubica.


Joseph G. Clemons

Colonel Joseph Gordon Clemons, Jr. (April 30, 1928 – May 15, 2018) was a decorated soldier in the United States Army in the Korean War and in the Vietnam War. His actions in the 1953 Battle of Pork Chop Hill were the subject of a 1959 movie, "Pork Chop Hill". He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Clemons died on May 15, 2018 in Hendersonville, North Carolina of complications from pneumonia at the age of 90.


Doğan Babacan

Doğan Babacan (30 November 1929 – 18 May 2018) was a Turkish football referee. He was the first Turkish referee to supervise a match in FIFA World Cup history. He was born in Istanbul.

Later he was referee for the 1975 UEFA Super Cup final between FC Bayern Munich and FC Dynamo Kyiv. He retired from international refereeing in 1978.

He died on 18 May 2018, aged 88.

Rolf Sand

Rolf Sand (21 February 1920 – 20 May 2018) was a Norwegian actor. He was born in Oslo. He was known for his role in Holberg's comedy "Den pantsatte bondedreng". 

From 1952 to 1954 he was assigned at Trøndelag Teater, and then at Riksteatret from 1954 to 1958. He was appointed at Det Norske Teatret from 1962 until his retirement in 1987.

Sand died in Oslo on 20 May 2018 at the age of 98.

Luis Posada Carriles

Luis Clemente Posada Carriles (February 15, 1928 – May 23, 2018) was a Cuban exile militant and Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent. He was thought to be a terrorist by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Government of Cuba, among others.

He died on May 23, 2018 in Miami, Florida, aged 90 of throat cancer.


Kings XI Punjab in 2008

Kings XI Punjab is one of the cricket team of Indian Premier League. The home ground of this team is PCA Stadium of Mohali, Punjab. They were captained by Yuvraj Singh. Kings XI Punjab finished third in the IPL. Kings XI Punjab did not qualify for the Champions League T20 in this year.

Kings XI Punjab finished second in the league stage of IPL 2008.

Kings XI Punjab in 2014

The Kings XI Punjab (KXIP) is a cricket team in Mohali, Punjab. They were captained by George Bailey. Kings XI Punjab finished as runners-up in the IPL. They qualified for the Champions League T20 for the first time.

Kings XI Punjab finished first in the league stage of IPL 2014.

Antipyretic

Antipyretics (, from the words "anti-" meaning 'against' and "" meaning 'feverish') are substances that reduce fever. Antipyretics cause the hypothalamus to ignore increases in temperature caused by prostaglandin. The body then works to lower the temperature, which results in a reduction in fever.

Most antipyretic medications have other purposes. The most common antipyretics in the United States are ibuprofen and aspirin. These are nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) used mainly as analgesics to relieve pain, but which also have antipyretic properties. Acetaminophen or (paracetamol), is an analgesic with weak anti-inflammatory properties.

There is some debate over using medication to control fever. Fever is part of the body's immune response to infection. A study by the Royal Society found controlling fever causes at least 1% more influenza cases of death in the United States, which results in at least 700 extra deaths per year.

Adamantisaurus

Adamantisaurus ( ) is a poorly-known genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Brazil. It is only known from six tail vertebrae, but, as a sauropod, it can be assumed that this dinosaur was a very large animal with a long neck and tail.

Daniel Robin

Daniel Robin (31 May 1943 – 23 May 2018) was a French wrestler. He was born in Bron, Rhône. He was 1968 Olympic silver medalist in both Freestyle wrestling and Greco-Roman wrestling, and competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He won a gold medal at the 1967 World Wrestling Championships.

Robin died on 23 May 2018 in Longueuil, Canada at the age of 74.

Feng Tianwei

Feng Tianwei (simplified Chinese: 风天威; traditional Chinese: 峰天王; Pinyin "Feńg Tianwēi"; born August 31, 1986 in Harbin) is a female Singaporean table tennis player who competed at the Olympic Games 2012 in London. She is a righhanded-player and uses the Shakehand-grip.

To 2002 she played for China because she was born in Harbin, a city in China. In that year she became Chinese Youth-champion. Since 2008 she was nominated for all World Championships- in that year she reached bronze with the team. In 2010 the Singaporean team became champion. In the final se beat the two players Liu Shiwen and Ding Ning. At the Olympic Games 2008 she won silver with the team. 2012 she qualificated herself for the Olympics again, where Feng won bronze in the singles and in the team, too. At the ITTF Pro Tour Grand Finals she won gold. At the World Championships in the singles she doesn't won a medal, but reached the Quarterfinals 2013 and 2015. In 2016 she was disqualificated fro the Singaporean team, because she had to make place for younger players. But she played continue, at the World Championships 2017 she lost in the Quarterfinals against Miu Hirano and missed so th bronze-grand-slam, because she won two times bronze at the World Cup (2008, 2013), Olympic Games (2012) and not at the World Championships. 2018 she took part in the World Championships with the team, but lost in the Round of 16.





Kem Ley

Kem Ley (; 19 October 1970 – 10 July 2016) was a Cambodian activist, physician, and political commentator. He was known for his political commentary, including trenchant criticisms of the government led by Cambodian People's Party (CPP).

Ley was shot on the morning of 10 July 2016 in a café at a gas station in Phnom Penh.

2018–19 UEFA Europa League

The 2018–19 UEFA Europa League will be the 48th season of Europe's secondary club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 10th season since it was renamed from the UEFA Cup to the UEFA Europa League.

The final was played at the Olympic Stadium in Baku, Azerbaijan, between English sides Chelsea and Arsenal — which was the first Europa League final to feature two teams from one city. As winners, Chelsea will play against the winners of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League in the 2019 UEFA Super Cup. And they would also have been qualified for the 2019–20 UEFA Champions League group stage, but since they had already qualified through their league performance, the berth reserved was given to the third-placed team of the 2018–19 Ligue 1, the 5th-ranked association according to next season's access list.

On 9 December 2016, UEFA confirmed the changing of plans for the UEFA Champions League for the 2018–2021 cycle, which was announced on 26 August 2016. As per new rules, all teams that are eliminated in the UEFA Champions League qualifying rounds will get a second chance in the Europa League.

The schedule of the competition is as follows.

Matches in the qualifying (including preliminary and play-off) and knockout rounds may also be played on Tuesdays or Wednesdays instead of the regular Thursdays due to scheduling conflicts.

The draw for the group stage will be held on 31 August 2018 at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco. The 48 teams are drawn into twelve groups of four, with the restriction that teams from the same association cannot be drawn against each other. For the draw, the teams are seeded into four pots based on their 2018 UEFA club coefficients.

In each group, teams play against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The group winners and runners-up advance to the round of 32, where they are joined by the eight third-placed teams of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League group stage. The matchdays are 20 September, 4 October, 25 October, 8 November, 29 November, and 13 December 2018.

A total of 48 teams play in the group stage: 17 teams which enter in this stage, the 21 winners of the play-off round (eight from Champions Path, thirteen from Main Path), the six losers of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League play-off round (four from Champions Path, two from League Path), and the four League Path losers of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League third qualifying round.
In the knockout phase, teams play against each other over two legs on a home-and-away basis, except for the one-match final.
The draw for the round of 32 was held on 17 December 2018. The first legs were played on 12 and 14 February, and the second legs were played on 20 and 21 February 2019.
The draw for the round of 16 was held on 22 February 2019. The first legs were played on 7 March, and the second legs were played on 14 March 2019.
The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 15 March 2019. The first legs were played on 11 April, the second legs were played on 18 April 2019.
The draw for the semi-finals was held on 15 March 2019 (after the quarter-final draw). The first legs were played on 2 May, and the second legs were played on 9 May 2019.
The final was held on 29 May 2019 at the Olympic Stadium in Baku. The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the quarter-final and semi-final draws.

Borut Pahor

Borut Pahor (; born 2 November 1963) is a Slovenian politician. He served as President of Slovenia from 2012 to 2022. He was Prime Minister from November 2008 to February 2012.

Pahor served several terms as a member of the National Assembly and was its chairman from 2000 to 2004. In 2004, Pahor was elected as member of the European Parliament.


Bieber (disambiguation)

Bieber is the name of:



JLO (disambiguation)

J.Lo is the most common nickname for Jennifer Lopez.

J.Lo may also refer to:


Helen Dixon

Helen Dixon is the Irish "Commissioner for data protection".

Dixon was appointed as head of the Irish Data Protection Commission in September 2014. Before that, from November 2002 to 2019 she was "Registrar of Companies" within the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Innovation, where she had been working since 2009.

Dixon has been educated at the University of Ulster (Applied languages: French and English), University College Dublin (master in European economics and public affairs), 'Law Society of Ireland', 'Griffith College Dublin' (postgraduate computer sciences) and Queen's University Belfast (master in government affairs and law). In 2014 she obtained the diploma 'official statistics' at the NUI.

Dixon has grown the workforce on the Irish Privacy Commission from 30 employees since the beginning of the 21st century to 200 employees by the end of 2018 she also was a queen of selfies


Toontown (disambiguation)

Toontown is a common name for a fictional human-like city or town where cartoon characters, known as Toons (toons), live.

Toontown can also mean:

2018–19 UEFA Europa League group stage

The 2018–19 UEFA Europa League group stage began on 20 September and ended on 13 December 2018. A total of 48 teams compete in the group stage to decide 24 of the 32 places in the knockout stage of the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League.

In each group, teams play against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The group winners and runners-up advance to the round of 32, and the third-placed teams enter the Europa League round of 32, where they are joined by the eight third-placed teams of the Champions League group stage.

<section begin=Tiebreakers />
Teams are ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss), and if tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria are applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings (Rules Articles 16.01):

The match days are 20 September, 4 October, 25 October, 8 November, 29 November, and 13 December 2018. The scheduled kickoff times are 18:55 and 21:00 CEST/CET, with possible exceptions.

Times up to 27 October 2018 (matchdays 1–3) are CEST (), thereafter (matchdays 4–6) times are CET ().

Guy Verhofstadt

Guy Verhofstadt (born 11 April 1953) is a Belgian politician of the Open VLD. From 1999 to 2008, he was prime minister of Belgium. Since 2009, he has been an MEP for the ALDE fraction in the European Parliament. Verhofstadt is pro-European and aims for a more integrated, federal Europe.

London Wall

The London Wall was the defensive wall built by the Romans around Londinium. Londinium was then, as now, the most important port town on the River Thames. 

London Wall is now the name of a road in the City of London. It runs along part of the course of the old wall. Until the later Middle Ages, the wall defined the boundaries of the City of London.

Mahmoud Hassan (footballer)

Mahmoud Ibrahim Hassan (; born 1 October 1994), or Trézéguet, is an Egyptian professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for the Egypt national team. 

He began his career with Al Ahly. Then, he was loaned to Anderlecht in 2015. Anderlecht then bought him permanently. He was loaned for the following two seasons to Mouscron and then Kasımpaşa.

Trézéguet played his first match for Egypt national team in 2014, at age 19.

Al Ahly


Egypt



Computer terminal

A computer terminal or data terminal is a device made up of a display unit and a keyboard. It is used to access a computer system in order to run programs and manage computer files. Terminals output only characters, not graphics.

They were developed from teletypewriters. At that time, computers were still very bulky and did "not" yet have a computer monitor or keyboard on its own. 

Some technical terms are:

Saad Samir

Saad El-Din Samir, or Saad Samir, (  born April 1, 1989) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays as a defender for Al-Ahly in the Egyptian Premier League. He also played at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Basem Morsy

Bassem Morsi Elkotb Abdalla () (born 1 January 1992) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays for Zamalek in the Egyptian Premier League. He also plays for the Egypt national team as a striker.





Melila, India

Melila is a village in Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India. It is situated along Vettikkavala - Elampal road. Melila temple is a well-known Hindu worship center in the region. Melila has dense rubber plantations around it. The nearest NH, National Highway 744 (India) is at Kunnicode. The nearest train station is Auvaneeswaram railway station.

Melila has been used as a location for a number of Malayalam movies, including Mutharamkunnu P.O. and Kottaram Veettile Apputtan.

 India census, Melila had a population of 22,529 with 10,770 males and 11,759 females.

Mylakkadu

Mylakkadu is a small village in the Adichanalloor grama punchayath in the Kollam district, Kerala, India. Making clay and bricks is an important business in the village. Factories started there when India was a colony. Kottiyam, Paravur and Chathannoor are the nearest towns.

Mylom

Mylom is a village in the Kollam district. It is in the Indian state of Kerala.

 India census, Mylom had a population of 22425 with 10729 males and 11696 females.

2018 UEFA Super Cup

The 2018 UEFA Super Cup will be the 43rd UEFA Super Cup final, an annual football match organised by UEFA and contested by the reigning champions of the two main European club competitions, the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Europa League. The match will be contested by two Spanish sides, Real Madrid, the winners of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League and the defending champions having won the previous two finals, and Atlético Madrid, the winners of the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League. It will be played at the A. Le Coq Arena in Tallinn, Estonia, on 15 August 2018, and it will be the first European club final held in Estonia.

Atlético Madrid won the match 4–2 after extra time for their third UEFA Super Cup title.

The Champions League winners were designated as the "home" team for administrative purposes.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>



Four (One Direction album)

Four is the fourth studio album by the British-Irish boy band One Direction.

Kiss You (One Direction song)

"Kiss You" is a 2013 song by English-Irish boy band One Direction and is the third and final single from their second studio album "Take Me Home" (2012). It was also released as the record's second single in Germany. It went to number 7 in Ireland and Scotland, number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Mexico and New Zealand, number 16 in South Korea, number 18 in Japan, number 24 in Denmark, number 30 in Belgium, Canada and the Netherlands, number 36 in France, number 45 in Switzerland and number 46 in the United States.


Story of My Life (One Direction song)

"Story of My Life" is a 2013 song by English-Irish boy band One Direction and is the second single from their third studio album "Midnight Memories". It topped the single charts in Denmark, Ireland, Lebanon, New Zealand and Spain. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Greece, Israel, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, South Africa, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Lovelace (movie)

Lovelace is a 2013 biographical drama movie about the pornographic actress Linda Lovelace (real name: Linda Boreman). The movie had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 22, 2013. It opened in limited release on August 9.

In 1970, Linda Lovelace is living with her parents in Florida. She's out dancing one night with her best friend Patty. She attracts the attention of a man named Chuck Traynor. He and Linda soon get into a relationship. He's much older than she is. Chuck teaches her how to perform sexual acts.

Linda breaks curfew one night. She is slapped by her mother. She moves out to live with Chuck and marries him. At a party, Linda watches one of Chuck's pornographic movies. She tells him good girls never do things like that.

Six months later, Linda bails Chuck out of jail for soliciting prostitution. Chuck is desperate for money. He makes Linda become a porn actress. She soon begins working on a movie, "Deep Throat". In the movie, she uses the stage name Linda Lovelace. The movie is a huge hit. It makes over $30,000 in its first week. Linda later poses nude. She attends parties.

But Chuck has a violent nature. Linda's life is revealed to not be as perfect as it seems. Chuck chokes Linda during sex. When she asks Chuck to stop, he refuses. He forces her into prostitution at gunpoint. 

Linda visits her parents to ask if she can move back. She reveals that Chuck has been abusing her. But her mother says no.

When Chuck learns that Linda has been talking about a new salary with the movie's director, Gerard Damiano, without telling him, Chuck punishes her by making her shower in freezing water. 

When "Deep Throat" becomes a hit, Chuck tries to force Linda into doing another porn movie. But she refuses to do that. He then takes her to a party and forces her to participate in a sexual act with several people. Linda tries to escape from Chuck. But he catches her and sleeps on top of her to stop her from trying again.

The following day, she secretly meets a man named Anthony Romano. She tells Romano she wants out of the porn business. She reveals the abuse done by Chuck. A disgusted Romano checks Linda into a private hotel. Romano and his bodyguards beat Chuck for abusing Linda, and for the $25,000 he owes.

Six years later, following her divorce from Chuck, Linda marries Larry Marchiano. They move to Long Island and have a son. She then takes a lie detector test before publishing her book "Ordeal". The book details years of physical and sexual abuse from Chuck, and stealing of all her earnings. She later appears on "Donahue". Her parents break down in tears while watching her. A few days later, the Marchianos go to Florida for Linda to make up with her parents.

"Lovelace" got mixed reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes rated the movie near 52% (in other words 52% of critics gave the movie a positive review). The movie also got a 51 rating from Metacritic.

The Monster (song)

"The Monster" is a 2013 song by American rapper Eminem featuring Barbadian singer Rihanna and is the fourth single from his 8th studio album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2". It topped the single charts in Australia, Canada, the Czech Republic, Finland, France, Greece, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Slovakia, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, the United Kingdom and the United States. It went to number 2 in Belgium, Denmark and Hungary, number 3 in Germany and the Netherlands, number 5 in Italy and number 6 in Austria. The song was nominated for three MTV Video Music Awards in 2014.

Berzerk (song)

"Berzerk" is a 2013 song by American rapper Eminem and is the lead single from his 8th studio album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2". It went to number 2 in Canada and the United Kingdom, number 3 in Scotland and the United States, number 5 in Australia, number 9 in Switzerland, number 10 in France and Germany, number 12 in New Zealand and number 13 in Denmark.

Slim Shady EP

Slim Shady EP is the first extended play by American rapper Eminem, released on December 10, 1997 through the Detroit-based record label Web Entertainment. It helped to get Eminem signed to Interscope Records and Aftermath Records.

According to an interview with Zane Lowe, Eminem made 500 copies of the EP, but sold only more than 250.

2017–18 UEFA Champions League knockout phase

The 2017–18 UEFA Champions League knockout phase was the knockout stage which started on 13 February and ended on 26 May 2018 with the last match at the NSC Olimpiyskiy Stadium in Kyiv, Ukraine, to decide the champions of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League. A total of 16 teams compete in the knockout phase.

All draws where held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.

"Juventus won 4–3 on aggregate."

"Manchester City won 5–2 on aggregate."

"Liverpool won 5–0 on aggregate."

"Sevilla won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Real Madrid won 5–2 on aggregate."

"2–2 on aggregate. Roma won on away goals."

"Barcelona won 4–1 on aggregate."

"Bayern Munich won 8–1 on aggregate."

<section begin=QF />
The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 16 March 2018, 12:00 CET.<section end=QF />

"4–4 on aggregate. Roma won on away goals."

"Bayern Munich won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Real Madrid won 4–3 on aggregate."

"Liverpool won 5–1 on aggregate."

<section begin=SF />
The draw for the semi-finals was held on 13 April 2018, 13:00 CEST.<section end=SF />

For the first time since the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League, all the four teams at this stage represent different national associations.

"Real Madrid won 4–3 on aggregate."

"Liverpool won 7–6 on aggregate."

<section begin=Final />
The final was played at the NSC Olimpiyskiy Stadium in Kyiv on 26 May 2018. The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw.
<section end=Final />

Omoyele Sowore

Omoyele Sowore (born 16 February 1971) is a Nigerian human rights activist, and founder of online media, Sahara Reporters.

Sowore was born in Ondo State in South West Nigeria. He was raised in a polygamous home with sixteen children. At 12, he learnt how to ride a motorcycle so that he could fish at the lake for the family before going to school. The military rule in Nigeria affected his passion and desire for media.

Sowore studied Geography and planning at the University of Lagos from 1989 to 1995. He spent two extra years in the university because of political reasons and his student activism. He was the President of the University of Lagos Student Union Government between 1992 and 1994 where he actively talked against cultism and corruption. He holds a Master degree in Public Administration from University of Columbia. 

In 1989, he took part in student demonstrations protesting the conditions of an International Monetary Fund (IMF) loan of $120 million to be used for a Nigerian oil pipeline. Among the conditions of the IMF loan were to reduce the number of universities in the country from 28 to 5.

Sowore led 2,000 students in protest against the Nigerian government in 1992. During the protests, the police started shooting and seven people were killed. Sowore was arrested and tortured. He was also involved in the demand for democratic government taking over military rule in June 12, 1993. This resulted in several arrests, detentions and life threatening treatment by government officials.

Sowore started Sahara Reporters in a small room in Manhattan 2006 to fight against corrupt and wrong government practices. Sahara Reporters is supported by grants donated by the Ford Foundation and Omidyar Foundation. It does not accept adverts or financial support from the Nigerian government.

On February 25, 2018, Sowore announced his intention to run for president in the 2019 Nigerian general election. He was also helped by a Ugandan political activist Hon Abe Moses a Youth MP in Eastern Uganda

Little Foxes

Little Foxes is a book written by Michael Morpurgo in 1984.

Billy Bunch is an orphan who has had many foster families. All his foster families did not work out. He is currently living with a foster mother in the suburbs of a city and they are not happy together. At school Billy is not good at subjects, especially English (he cannot read out loud because he stutters). One night, while Billy tries to run away, he runs into the nearby abandoned land where there are the ruins of a monastery. There is plentiful wildlife in this place. Others call the place "The Waste Ground". Billy calls it his "Wilderness." Billy loves and become part of the nature and wildlife there. He finds more comfort in this place while he rescues an injured swan and nurtures some fox cubs.

The comfort he finds in his new animal friends in his Wilderness helps Billy able to outgrow his stutter. He remains in his foster home and continues to visit his friends in Wilderness sometimes. This does not last long before others in his neighborhood begin to see the area as a danger and the wildlife within it as a threat. Billy eventually runs away with one of the young foxes. The two of them have several adventures and become very good friends. On one of these adventures, he meets a man who has a boat and cares for all the birds around the river. The man says that Billy can stay with him on his boat as they are going in the same direction. This is the first time Billy has somebody who allows him to be himself. The man also helping him understand some hard truths about life. The journey down the river on the boat begins a journey into young adulthood for both Billy and his beloved fox.

Grace Dieu (ship)

Grace Dieu was the flagship of King Henry V of England and one of the largest ships of her time. It was launched in 1418. The ship only sailed on one voyage, after which it was kept anchored in the River Hamble. The ship was burned in 1439 after being struck by lightning.

"Grace Dieu" was designed by William Soper, a burgess of Southampton and clerk of the King's Ships. She was clinker-built with three planks nailed together along each part of her hull and waterproofed with tar and moss sandwiched between the timbers. She was long with a beam, comparable in size with "HMS Victory" and twice as large as "Mary Rose". The ship weighed between 1,400 tons and 2,750 tons. Two other ships, "Valentine" and "Falcon" were built to follow her. A dock was specially built for her construction near Town Quay in Southampton.

The remains of "Grace Dieu" show that it might have been built in a hurry, with some of the planks and ribs only roughly finished. She was a vast ship requiring 2735 oak, 1145 beech, and fourteen ash trees for her timbers. When completed in 1418, she was one of the largest wooden ships of the time.

In 1420, "Grace Dieu" made her only voyage under the command of the Earl of Devon, with orders to sail down the English Channel. The expedition suffered a mutiny even before leaving port, when the crew objected to soldiers and archers being aboard to guard the vessel. "Grace Dieu"'s sailors attempted to prevent the soldiers from boarding by abusing the clerk who was registering their names and threatening to throw the register into the sea. When the ship finally left port, nine of the crew incited a further mutiny against the captain by refusing to take their stations and insisting that the cruise be abandoned. "Grace Dieu" was brought into the nearest port, St. Helen's on the Isle of Wight, and the crew departed. A clerk who questioned their loyalty as they departed was assaulted and had his clothing torn.

When Henry V died in 1422, his ships were treated as his private property rather than as part of the kingdom's navy. Many were sold off to pay his debts.

In 1430 William Soper, when he was already in charge of the administration of the entire navy, dined with the commander of the Florentine merchant fleet on board "Grace Dieu".

Subsequently, "Grace Dieu" was laid-up in the River Hamble. Her mast and equipment were removed. She was burnt to the waterline after being set ablaze by lightning in 1439.

The remains of "Grace Dieu" are still in the River Hamble at Bursledon, near Southampton, Hampshire. For many years the wreck was believed to be that of a Danish galley or a nineteenth-century merchant ship. In 1933 a proper survey identified the wreck, and its great size. The site was protected by the Protection of Wrecks Act on 5 February 1974. In 2004 the site was excavated by Channel 4's archaeology programme "Time Team" for the 2005 series. Only 50 metres from the wreck lie those of another vessel, believed to be "Grace Dieu"'s contemporary "Holigost".

Hosur

Hosur is an industrial city in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the largest city in the Krishnagiri District. Hosur is also a satellite town of the city of Bengaluru. Hosur assembly constituency is part of Krishnagiri Lok Sabha constituency. It is also known as "The Little England of India".
According to the 2011 census, Hosur had a population of 116,821. The sex-ratio of the city is 968 females for every 1,000 males. This is much above the national average of 929. The average literacy of the city was 76.69%.

Vikramasingapuram

Vikramasingapuram is a municipal town in Tirunelveli District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is under the Ambasamudram Taluk. As of 2011, the town had a population of 47,241.

According to 2011 census, Vikramasingapuram had a population of 47,241. The town has a sex-ratio of 1,058 females for every 1,000 males. As per the religious census of 2011, Vikramasingapuram had 78.62% Hindus, 7.45% Muslims, 13.83% Christians, 0.02% Sikhs, 0.02% Buddhists and 0.05% following other religions.

Sayed Moawad

Sayed Moawad (; born 25 May 1979 in Faiyum) is a retired Egyptian footballer. He was a defender and he played as a left back for Al-Ahly. He also played for Egypt national football team.


Amr Warda

Amr Medhat Warda (; born 17 September 1993) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays for Atromitos on loan from PAOK. He also plays for the Egypt national team. He is an attacking midfielder. On 22 August 2015, Warda signed a three-year contract with Panetolikos F.C.

Atromitos

Tarek Hamed

Tarek Hamed (; born 24 October 1988) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays for Zamalek SC and Egypt national football team. He is a Midfielder.



Bioaccumulation

Bioaccumulation is how toxic substances (such as pesticides) build up in living organisms. This is bad for health, life, and the environment. 

Similar terms are bioconcentration, biological concentration, or biological magnification.

Evelyn Omavowan Oboro

Evelyn Omavowan Oboro (born 1972) is Nigerian politician and member of the Federal House of Representative. She represent Okpe, Sapele and Uvwie constituency of Delta State in the 7th and 8th National Assembly. She was elected on the platform of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) 

She received the West Africa School Certificate at Alegbo Secondary School, Effurum in 1988 before she applied to study education in Delta State University where she obtained a Bachlor's degree in 1997. She hold a Master of Public Administration in 2002 and a degree in Law in 2009 from Delta State University.

Home town: Ekpan/Okpe
Alesso

Alesso (born 7 July 1991 in Stockholm) is a Swedish DJ and electronic dance music record producer. Specializing in progressive house, Alesso achieved worldwide attention and popularity in 2011 with wide support of his original productions and remixes from the likes of Avicii, Swedish House Mafia, Tiësto, Sander van Doorn, Kaskade and other well established DJ's. His remix of Pressure has nearly 4 million Youtube views and was one of the most played EDM songs of 2011. He made his debut on DJ Mag's Top 100 DJ list in 2011, garnering the 70th spot. Being one of 2011's hottest artist was enough for MTV to name him a EDM artist to watch in 2012.








It's Like That

"It's Like That" is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on April 12, 2005, as the first single from her ninth studio album, "The Emancipation of Mimi". It samples "Hollis Groove (Kush Groove 2)" by Run-D.M.C., "This Is My Night" by Chaka Khan, and "La Di Da Di" by Doug E. Fresh and Slick Rick.

The song reached the top five in the UK and the top 20 in the US, where it was her best-charting solo single in almost four years, after "Loverboy" (2001). It was certified gold in the US for shipping over 500,000 copies.

Form taxon

A form taxon is a group of organisms based on what they look like (their morphology). Such a taxon may not reflect their biological relationships. In other words, they may not be a clade. 

A good example are the terms snake and lizard, which are not good taxonomic terms because neither is a proper clade. On the other hand, all poisonous snakes and lizards are in a good clade, the Toxicofera.

Another good example are ducks. They are in the same family as swans and geese, but called "ducks" because of what they look like.

Neutron moderator

A neutron moderator is a material that slows down neutrons. This is done in nuclear power stations so the neutrons keep a steady nuclear chain reaction to provide heat. 

Neutron moderators are an essential part of most nuclear reactors. Common neutron moderators are ordinary water (called light water in the nuclear industry), heavy water, and graphite.

Svetlin Rusev

Svetlin Rusev (; 14 June 1933 – 26 May 2018) was a Bulgarian artist and a collector of art. He was known for the Svetlin Rusev Donative Exhibition, a permanent art exhibition in Pleven, including over 400 works of Bulgarian and foreign artist donated by him.
Rusev died on 26 May 2018 at the age of 84.

Bonnie Somerville

Bonnie Somerville (born February 24, 1974) is an American actress and singer. She has had roles in a number of movies and television series, most notably "NYPD Blue", "Grosse Pointe", "Friends", "The O.C.", "Cashmere Mafia", Kitchen Confidential, Without a Paddle, and "Golden Boy". She starred as Dr. Christa Lorenson in season one of the CBS medical drama "Code Black".

Roger Piantoni

Roger Piantoni (26 December 1931 – 26 May 2018) was a French footballer. He was born in Étain, Meause. He played for the French national team from 1952 to 1961. He also played for Nancy, Reims and Nice.

Piantoni died in Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle on 26 May 2018 at the age of 86.


Wheeler, Texas

Wheeler is a city and county seat of Wheeler County, Texas, United States. It is located on the eastern edge of the Texas Panhandle. The population was 1,487 at the 2020 census.

Naser Malek Motiei

Naser Malek Motiei (Persian: ناصر ملک‌مطیعی‎) (29 March 1930 – 25 May 2018) was an Iranian actor. He was born in Tehran. He starred in movies and television shows from 1949 to 1982 and again in 2014. He was known for his roles in "Wood Pigeon" (1970), "Mehdi in Black and Hot Mini Pants" (1972), and in "And Then There Were None" (1974).

Motiei died in Tehran of renal failure on 25 May 2018 at the age of 88.

Dominique Colonna

Dominique Colonna (4 September 1928 – 12 September 2023) was a French footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. Colonna was born in Corte, Haute-Corse. He played for the French national team from 1957 to 1961 and for the Cameroon national team from 1965 to 1970. He won the Coupe de France in 1958.

Colonna died in Corte, France on 12 September 2023, one week after his 95th birthday.


Piet Kee

Pieter William Kee (30 August 1927 – 25 May 2018) was a Dutch organist and composer. He was born in Zaandam, Netherlands. 

Kee taught at the Music Lyceum and Sweelinck Conservatory in Amsterdam from 1954 until 1988, and at the Haarlem International Summer Academy for Organists. He was organist of the Hagerbeer-Schnitger organ in St. Laurens church in Alkmaar from 1952 to 1987, and city organist of the world-famous Müller organ at St. Bavo church in Haarlem from 1956 until 1989.

Kee died in Haarlem, Netherlands on 25 May 2018 at the age of 90.

Landquart

Landquart can mean:

Roblimo

Robin "Roblimo" Miller (October 30, 1952 – May 24, 2018) was an American journalist specializing in technology. He worked for Open Source Technology Group, the company that owned Slashdot, SourceForge.net, freshmeat, Linux.com, NewsForge, and ThinkGeek from 2000 to 2008. He was born in Elkridge, Maryland.

Miller had been a judge for the Lulu Blooker Prize and was on the online advisory board of the "Online Journalism Review" of the Annenberg Center for Communication at the University of Southern California.

Miller died at his home in Bradenton, Florida on May 24, 2018 of a heart attack at the age of 65.


Elkridge, Maryland

Elkridge is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Howard County, Maryland, United States. The population was 25,171 at the 2020 census.

It was founded early in the 18th century. Elkridge is located at the three counties, the other two being Anne Arundel and Baltimore counties.

Daniela Samulski

Daniela Samulski (31 May 1984 – 22 May 2018) was a German swimmer. She was born in Berlin. She won three medals at the 2009 World Championships. She competed at the 2000 and 2008 Olympics in five events in total, with the best achievement of fourth place in the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay in 2000. Samulski retired in early 2011. 

Samulski died of stomach cancer in Berlin on 22 May 2018 at the age of 33.

Richard Peck

Richard Wayne Peck (April 10, 1934 – May 23, 2018) was an American novelist. He was born in Decatur, Illinois, but was raised in Chicago. He wrote young adult literature. He won the Newbery Medal in 2001 for his novel "A Year Down Yonder" (the sequel to "A Long Way From Chicago").

Peck died on May 23, 2018, at his home in New York City of cancer at the age of 84.


Cliff Jackson (footballer)

Cliff Jackson (3 September 1941 – 22 May 2018) was an English professional footballer. He was born in Swindon, England.

Jackson played as a forward. He made 396 appearances in the Football League for Swindon Town, Plymouth Argyle, Crystal Palace and Torquay United, before moving into non-league football with Cambridge City. 

Jackson also appeared for England Schoolboys whilst at Swindon Town.

Jackson died on 22 May 2018, aged 76.


László Tábori

László Tábori (July 6, 1931 – May 23, 2018) was a Hungarian-born American middle- and long-distance runner. He was best known for equalling the 1500 metres world record and placing 4th in that event at the 1956 Summer Olympics. Tábori was born in Košice, Hungary. He later worked as a running coach, notably working with Jacqueline Hansen, who ran two world records in the marathon.

Tábori died on May 23, 2018 at a hospital in Los Angeles, California, aged 86.


WTTW

WTTW, virtual channel 11, is the Public Broadcasting Service's (PBS') primary commercial member television station licensed to Chicago, Illinois, United States.

It is owned by not-for-profit broadcasting entity Window to the World Communications, Inc., and it is a sister station to MHz Worldview affiliate WYCC (channel 20) and commercial classical music radio station WFMT (98.7 FM). 

The three stations share studios in the Renée Crown Public Media Center, located at 5400 North Saint Louis Avenue (adjacent to the main campus of Northeastern Illinois University) in the city's North Park neighborhood; WTTW and WYCC share transmitter facilities atop the Willis Tower on South Wacker Drive in the Chicago Loop. 

WTTW also owns and operates The Chicago Production Center, a video production and editing facility that is operated alongside the three stations.


Antonio Horvath

Antonio Horvath (3 January 1950 – 23 May 2018) was a Chilean politician. He was born in Santiago de Chile. He served as a Deputy from 1990 to 1994, and as a Senator from 1994 to 2018. He resigned in March 2018 due to health issues.

Horvath died in Santiago on 23 May 2018 of lymphoma at the age of 68.

Sergio Graziani

Sergio Graziani (10 November 1930 – 25 May 2018) was an Italian actor and voice actor. He was born in Udine, Italy.

Graziani was known for his movies "The Five Days" and "Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen". He also voiced dubbed Peter O'Toole, Donald Sutherland, Michael Caine and Professor Farnsworth (voiced by: Billy West).

Graziani died on 25 May 2018 in Rome, Italy at the age of 87.

Eric McLuhan

Eric McLuhan (19 January 1942 – 18 May 2018) was a Canadian communications theorist, writer and media ecologist. He was one of two sons of Marshall McLuhan.

Marshall and Eric McLuhan co-authored the books "Laws of Media: The New Science" (1990), "Media and Formal Cause" (2011), and "Theories of Communication" (2011). Many people thought McLuhan wrote as a ghostwriter, meaning he wrote books under his father's name.

His teaching experiences were in the McLuhan Program in Culture and Technology at the University of Toronto and with the McLuhan Program International. He was Director of Media Studies at the Harris Institute for the Arts in Toronto for 17 years.

McLuhan died in Bogota, Colombia on 18 May 2018 of cardiac arrest at the age of 76.


Balkavi Bairagi

Balkavi Bairagi (10 February 1931 – 13 May 2018) was an Indian poet and politician. He was born in Manasa, Madhya Pradesh. He was a member of the Indian National Congress party. He was the Member of Parliament of Rajya Sabha from Madhya Pradesh from 1998 to 2004. He died on 13 May 2018.

Bairagi died at his Manasa home on 13 May 2018 of a heart attack at the age of 87.

Ted Dabney

Samuel Frederick "Ted" Dabney (May 15, 1937 – May 26, 2018) was an American electronic engineer. He was born in San Francisco, California. Dabney was the co-founder of Atari, Inc. alongside Nolan Bushnell, and one of the creators of the first successful arcade game, "Pong".

Dabney had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in late 2017 and was only given months to live. He died on May 26, 2018 of the disease in Los Angeles at the age of 81.

Clearfield, Utah

Clearfield is a city in Davis County, Utah, United States. The population was 31,909 at the 2020 census. The city grew drastically during the 1940s, with the formation of Hill Air Force Base.

Larry Leach

Lawrence Raymond Leach (June 18, 1936 – May 8, 2018) was a Canadian ice hockey centre. He played three seasons for the Boston Bruins. He played from 1953 to 1973. Leach was born in Lloydminster, Saskatchewan.

Leach died on May 8, 2018 in Victoria, British Columbia at the age of 81.

Sheldon Adelson

Sheldon Gary Adelson (pronounced ; August 4, 1933 – January 11, 2021) was an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He was the founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Las Vegas Sands Corporation, which owns the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore.

Adelson also owned the Venetian Resort Hotel Casino and the Sands Expo and Convention Center. He also owned the Israeli daily newspaper "Israel Hayom" and the American daily newspaper "Las Vegas Review-Journal".

He was a member of the Republican Party, and made the largest single donation ever to an incoming president's inauguration when he gave the Donald Trump inaugural committee five million dollars.

In 2001, Adelson was diagnosed with peripheral neuropathy. In February 2019, he was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Adelson died at his home in Malibu, California from the disease on January 11, 2021, at age 87.


James Patterson

James Brendan Patterson (born March 22, 1947) is an American author and philanthropist.

His works are the "Alex Cross", "Michael Bennett", "Women's Murder Club", "Maximum Ride", "Daniel X", "NYPD Red", "Witch and Wizard", "Private" series, the "Middle School" series, the "Jacky Ha-Ha" series, the "Jacky Ha-ha Graphic Novel" series, the "Treasure Hunters" series, the "Max Einstein series, and the "I Funny" series, as well as many stand-alone thrillers, non-fiction and romance novels. Some other book series that he wrote are the "Sci-Fi Junior High" series, the "How to be a Supervillain" series, and the "House of Robots" series.

His books have sold more than 300 million copies and he was the first person to sell 1 million e-books. In 2016, Patterson topped "Forbes" list of highest-paid authors for the third consecutive year, with an income of $95 million.

His total income over a decade is about $700 million, making him the richest author in the world. He also has his own filming studio, which is called James Patterson Entertainment.


Heavy water

Heavy water (deuterium oxide, ', ') is a form of water based on deuterium.

It has a larger than normal amount of the hydrogen isotope called deuterium ( or D, also known as "heavy hydrogen"). Ordinary water has the common hydrogen-1 isotope ( or H, also called "protium"). This makes up most of the hydrogen in normal water. The presence of deuterium gives the chemical different nuclear properties, and the increase of mass gives it different physical and chemical properties compared to normal "light water". Heavy water is used as a neutron moderator in some nuclear reactors, such as CANDU reactors. It is a more efficient neutron moderator than regular water, allowing the use of unenriched uranium as fuel. Pure heavy water is not radioactive, because deuterium is a stable isotope, but heavy water that has been through a nuclear reactor is slightly radioactive.

The chemistry of heavy water is different enough that people, and most living things, cannot survive with heavy water in place of ordinary water. Small amounts are not toxic to people. It is common for people to drink several grams of heavy water for metabolic experiments without causing illness. 

Mahomet, Illinois

Mahomet is a town in Champaign County, Illinois, United States. The population was 9,589 at the 2021 census estimates. Mahomet is about ten miles northwest of the city of Champaign. Interstate 74 and Illinois Route 47 meet in the town. Mahomet has three ZIP codes: 61853, 61840, and 61875.

Before the first European settlers came, the area around the Sangamon River that became Mahomet was inhabited by Kickapoo and Pottawattami Indians.

In 1836, Daniel T. Porter laid out a village plan. That is where Mahomet is now.
Mahomet was first called Middletown. This was presumably because it is half-way point between Bloomington and Danville. But there was another Middletown in Illinois. Therefore, in the mid-19th century, the name was changed. 

Population in 2021: 9,589
Males: (48.0%) 
Females: (52.0%)

Harry Kane

Harry Edward Kane (born 28 July 1993) is an English professional footballer. He plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the English national team.

Harry Edward Kane was born at Whipps Cross University Hospital in Whipps Cross, Leytonstone, London. His father's name is Patrick Kane and mother's name is Kim Kane, both of whom are Irish. He has one elder brother, Charlie. When the family moved to Chingford, Harry attended Larkswood Primary Academy there until 2004, after which he started to study in Chingford Foundation School, in which David Beckham also studied. Kane described his childhood as:

Kane also said: "Most of my family were Spurs fans and I grew up 15 minutes from the ground, so I was always going to be a Spurs fan". He said that when he was a child he wanted to be like Teddy Sheringham, he thought of him as a "great finisher" and a role model because he scores a lot of goals.

Tottenham Hotspur

England

Individual

Orders

God's Plan (song)

"God's Plan" is a song recorded by Canadian musician Drake. It was the first single from his EP, "Scary Hours" (2018) and from his album, "Scorpion" (2018). The song entered at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States. It stayed there for 11 weeks and became his fourth number-one hit. He later broke a record when his song "Nice for What" also entered at the top, making Drake the only artist to replace their number-one entry with another number-one entry.

The song finished as the number-one song of 2018 in the United States. It is only the third song that entered at number one and was at the top of the year-end charts in the US, after "Candle in the Wind 1997/Something About the Way You Look Tonight" by Elton John and "Shape of You" by Ed Sheeran.

The music video began with the titles, "The budget for this video was $996,631.90. We gave it all away. Don't tell the label…"

The money was given to various people, including some fans. As of May 2018, the video has received over 581 million YouTube views.

Pathetic fallacy

Pathetic fallacy means when you compare your human emotions to things happening in nature - such as a plague. An example is "a plague on both your houses" by Mercutio in Romeo and Juliet.

The term is not used in mediaeval logic. It is a literary term, invented by the British art critic John Ruskin in his book, "Modern Painters" (1843–60).

Professor Farnsworth

Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth, or simply Professor, is a fictional character in the American television series "Futurama" voiced by Billy West and created by Matt Groening. 

Farnsworth is the mad scientist of the Planet Express delivery service. He is the great (×30) nephew of Philip J. Fry. He sometimes acts between intelligence and amoral senility due to his greatly advanced age. He shows intelligence of any field of science necessary for the series' plots, and is thought to be one of the most brilliant inventors on Earth. 

However, he falls asleep constantly, and he is implied to have routinely sent his former crews on suicide missions.

His character is influenced by Frank Morgan and Burgess Meredith. Farnsworth's design has been compared to a combination of Mr. Burns, Grampa Simpson, and Professor Frink from Matt Groening's other series, "The Simpsons".

Pierre Bellemare

Pierre Bellemare (21 October 1929 – 26 May 2018) was a French novelist, radio personality, television presenter, producer, director, and actor. He was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France. He was known for his role as Lesignac in the 2009 spy movie "". He also hosted "Crésus" for a short time from 2005 to 2006. From 2013 until his death, Bellemare hosted the radio program "Les pieds dans le plat" on Europe 1.

Bellemare died on 26 May 2018 in Suresnes, France at the age of 88.


Dick Quax

Theodorus Jacobus Leonardus "Dick" Quax (1 January 1948 – 28 May 2018) was a Dutch-born New Zealand runner and one-time world record holder in the 5000 metres, and local-body politician. He was born in Alkmaar, Netherlands.

Quax ran for Parliament for the ACT Party in 1999 and 2002. He was a Manukau City councillor from 2001 to 2007, when he stood unsuccessfully for mayor, and was on the Auckland Council from 2011 until his death in 2018.

Quax married three times, his third marriage being to Roxanne in August 1991. He had three children.

It was revealed on 27 November 2013 that Quax had been undergoing treatment for throat cancer, which had been diagnosed two months earlier. Quax died of the disease in Auckland on 28 May 2018, aged 70.

Train to Busan

Train to Busan (, lit: To Busan) is a 2016 South Korean zombie apocalypse action thriller movie directed by Yeon Sang-ho and starring Gong Yoo, Jung Yu-mi, Kim Su-an, Choi Woo-shik, Ahn So-hee, and Ma Dong-seok with Kim Eui-sung. The movie mostly takes place on a high-speed train from Seoul to Busan, as a zombie apocalypse suddenly breaks out in the country putting the safety of the passengers at risk.

The movie premiered on 13 May 2016 at the Cannes Film Festival. On 7 August, the movie set a record as the first Korean movie of 2016 to break the audience record of over 10 million audience turnout.

Its sequel is the 2020 movie "Peninsula".

"Variety" said in December 2016 that Gaumont would remake "Train to Busan" in English.


Gong Yoo

Gong Ji-cheol (; born July 10, 1979), better known by his stage name Gong Yoo (), is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in television dramas "The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince" (2007) and "" (2016–2017), and the movies "Silenced" (2011), "Train to Busan" (2016) and "The Age of Shadows" (2016). He was born in Busan, South Korea.

Jung Yu-mi

Jung Yu-mi (born January 18, 1983) is a South Korean actress. She was born in Busan. She is known for her roles in "Family Ties" (2006), "Chaw" (2009), "My Dear Desperado" (2010), and the box office hits "The Crucible" (2011) and "Train to Busan" (2016).

Kim Su-an

Kim Su-an (; born January 27, 2006) is a South Korean actress. She is known for her role as Soo-an in "Train to Busan" (2016).

Choi Woo-shik

Choi Wooshik (born March 26, 1990) is a South Korean actor. He was born in Seoul. He was raised in Canada. 

Choi gained international recognition with the blockbuster zombie movie "Train to Busan" and action-adventure movie "Okja".

Ahn So-hee

Ahn So-hee (born June 27, 1992), better known by the mononym Sohee, is a South Korean actress and singer. She is a former member of the South Korean girl group Wonder Girls. She was born in Seoul, South Korea. She is known for her roles in "Train to Busan" (2016) and "Single Rider" (2017).


Ma Dong-seok

Ma Dong-seok (born Lee Dong-seok; March 1, 1971), also known as Don Lee, is an American-born South Korea actor. His career began with roles in "The Neighbor", "" and "The Unjust". Ma's role in the zombie movie "Train to Busan" rose his career to international popularity. 

Kim Eui-sung

Kim Eui-sung (; born December 17, 1965) is a South Korean actor. He starred in movies such as "The Day a Pig Fell into the Well" (1996), "Office" (2015), "" (2015) and "Train to Busan" (2016). He also appears in the TV series "W" (2016).

Quaternary sector

Quaternary sector refers to the shift beyond the services sector by some economies, usually used to refer to the shift towards highly specialised, knowledge based and more technologically orientated sectors. Examples include some information services such as cloud computing, and research and development.

Racial profiling

Racial profiling is a term which originated in the United States. The usual context is police stopping and searching citizens on the suspicion that they may have committed a crime. It is controversial because it is usually black citizens who are stopped and searched. In other countries (for example the Middle East) religious and cultural differences may be the basis of police profiling. 

In the USA profiling has been tested in the courts a number of times. "Terry v. Ohio" was the first challenge to racial profiling in the United States in 1968. This case was about African American people who were thought to be stealing. The police officer arrested the three men, searched them and found a gun on two of the three men. One of the men searched was convicted and sentenced to jail. The sentence was challenged on the grounds that the arrest violated the search and seizure clause of the Fourth Amendment. In an 8-1 ruling, the Supreme Court decided that the police officer acted in a reasonable manner, and with reasonable suspicion, under the Fourth Amendment. The decision in this case allowed the police to have discretion in identifying suspicious or illegal activities.

Bola Ige

Chief James Ajibola Idowu Ige, SAN (; 13 September 1930 – 23 December 2001), simply known as Bola Ige, was a Nigerian lawyer and politician. He also served as Federal Minister of Justice for Nigeria. He was assassinated in December 23, 2001.

Bola Ige was found dead of a gunshot at 8:30pm evening hours of Sunday, December 23, 2001 at his Bodija Estate home in Ibadan, Oyo State. BBC's Fiona Werge considered him to be the most senior Nigerian politician to have been killed since 1999.

Bagualosaurus

Bagualosaurus (from the Portuguese regional term "bagual", referring to a person or animal of strong build) is a sauropodomorph dinosaur. It is the seventh known sauropodomorph discovered in Brazil. It was described in 2018.

"Bagualosaurus" lived about 230223 million years ago, and grew to about 2.5 meters (8.2 ft) long.

The holotype specimen had a partial skull and jaw, twelve back vertebrae, two tail vertebrae, two chevrons, a pelvis, two partial hindlimbs and five fragmentary ribs. The pieces were found on a ravine at the edge of a pond in rural Agudo in 2007. 

The fossil had been kept in a closet of the Laboratory of Paleovertebrates of the Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul South. The fossil was described as a sauropodomorph on May 25, 2018.

"Bagualosaurus" probably had a fully herbivorous diet. They had a dentition well adapted for eating vegetation. All sauropods have two characteristics in common: gigantism and herbivorism. Their diet may have been the source of later sauropod gigantism. Modern trees had not evolved, and herbivores at the time had cycads, ferns and early conifers as food.

"Bagualosaurus" lived in the Santa Maria Formation alongside animals such as the carnivorous sauropodomorph "Buriolestes", the crocodile-like "Cerritosaurus" and the possible theropod "Staurikosaurus".

Darwinsaurus

Darwinsaurus (meaning "Darwin's lizard") is an ornithopod dinosaur once wrongly described as "Iguanodon".

In the early nineteenth century dinosaur remains were discovered near Hastings in East Sussex. These were first reported by Richard Owen in 1842. In 1889 they were referred to "Iguanodon fittoni" by Richard Lydekker. They were then assigned to "Hypselospinus fittoni" by David B. Norman in 2010.

In 2012 Gregory S. Paul named them as a separate genus and species. The type species is Darwinsaurus evolutionis. The generic name honours Charles Darwin for his theory of evolution. The first fossil described as "Darwinsaurus" is known from a partial skeleton.

Paul's decision is being challenged, and the present account may need be changed.

Hypselospinus

Hypselospinus is a genus of iguanodontian dinosaur which was first described as a species of "Iguanodon" ("I. fittoni") by Richard Lydekker in 1889, the specific name honouring William Henry Fitton. "Hypselospinus" grew to be around 6 meters (19.7 ft) long.


Carnelian

Carnelian (also spelled cornelian) is a brownish-red mineral commonly used as a semi-precious gemstone. 

Similar to carnelian is a darker and harder stone called 'sard'. The two names are often used interchangeably. Both carnelian and sard are varieties of the silica mineral chalcedony coloured by impurities of iron oxide.

The gemstone has been used since prehistory.

Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes

Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert, "comtesse de Verrue" (18 January 1670 – 18 November 1736) was a French noblewoman and the mistress of Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia.



Aly Lotfy Mahmoud

Aly Mahmoud Lotfy (6 October 1935 – 27 May 2018) was an Egyptian politician. He served as Prime Minister of Egypt from 4 September 1985 to 9 November 1986 during the Hosni Mubarak presidency. He was born in Al-Adwa, Faiyum, Egypt. He was a member of the National Democratic Party.

Mahmoud died on 27 May 2018 in Cairo at the age of 82. 

Ahmed Shafik

Ahmed Mohamed Shafik Zaki (; born 25 November 1941) is an Egyptian politician. He is a former candidate for the presidency of Egypt. He was a senior commander in the Egyptian Air Force and later served as Prime Minister of Egypt from 29 January 2011 to 3 March 2011.

Prime Minister of Egypt

The Prime Minister of Egypt is the head of the Egyptian government. The prime minister heads the cabinet, which in turn plays a leading role in shaping the agenda of the houses of Parliament. It may propose laws to Parliament as well as amendments during parliamentary meetings.

In the late 1970s, Egypt had several cohabitation governments which proved to be unstable, due to the struggle arising between the president and the prime minister.

As of , there are four living former Prime Ministers of Egypt, as seen below.

The most recent Prime Minister to die was Sherif Ismail, on 4 February 2023, aged 67.

Sherif Ismail

Sherif Ismail Mohamed ( ; born 6 July 1955 — 4 February 2023) was an Egyptian engineer and politician. He was Prime Minister of Egypt from 2015 to 2018.

Ahmed Nazif

Ahmed Nazif (; born 8 July 1952) served as the Prime Minister of Egypt from 14 July 2004 to 29 January 2011, when his cabinet was fired and removed by President Hosni Mubarak.

On May 4, 2016, a final verdict by the highest court of appeal in Egypt acquitted Nazif of all charges of corruption.


Ibrahim Mahlab

Ibrahim Roshdy Mahlab (; born 8 May 1949) was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 1 March 2014 until 19 September 2015. 

Mahlab resigned on 12 September 2015, though the cabinet remained in their posts.

Allyn Ann McLerie

Allyn Ann McLerie (December 1, 1926 – May 21, 2018) was a Canadian-born American actress, singer, and dancer. She was born in Grand-Mère, Quebec. From 1953 until his death in 2016, she was married to actor George Gaynes.

McLerie was known for her roles in "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?", "The Way We Were", and in "All the President's Men". She played the recurring role of Arthur Carlson's wife Carmen on "WKRP in Cincinnati" (1978–82).

McLerie died at her home in North Bend, Washington of Alzheimer's disease on May 21, 2018 at the age of 91.

North Bend, Washington

North Bend is a city in King County, Washington, United States. It is located near the Seattle, Washington metropolitan area. The population was 6,739 in a 2016 census estimate. North Bend is located at (47.493831, -121.786247).

Algoa Bay

Algoa Bay is a bay in the Eastern Cape, South Africa. It is on the east coast, 425 miles (683 kilometres) east of the Cape of Good Hope.

Algoa Bay is between the Cape Recife on its west side and Cape Padrone on the east side. The bay is up to 436 meters deep. The harbour city of Port Elizabeth is next to the bay. It is a new Coega deep water port facility.

The sauropod dinosaur "Algoasaurus" lived there during the Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous.

Ceratopsidae

Ceratopsidae (sometimes spelled Ceratopidae) is a family of dinosaurs including "Triceratops", "Torosaurus", and "Styracosaurus". All known species were quadrupedal herbivores from the Upper Cretaceous, mainly of Western North America (though "Sinoceratops" is known from Asia as well as possible fossils in Japan, and Kazakhstan) and are characterized by beaks and elaborate horns and frills. The group is divided into two subfamilies (see Taxobox).


Aeolosaurus

Aeolosaurus (; "Aeolus' lizard") is a well-known titanosaur sauropod. "Aeolosaurus" is well known for a titanosaur, as it is represented by the remains of several individuals belonging to at least three species. However, like most sauropods, no remains of the skull are known.
The holotype of "Aeolosaurus rionegrinus" consists of a series of seven tail vertebrae, as well as parts of both forelimbs and the right hindlimb. It was discovered in Argentina and is about about 83 to 74 million years old.

"Aeolosaurus maximus" became "Arrudatitan" in 2021.

Agilisaurus

Agilisaurus (/ˌædʒɪlɪˈsɔːrəs/; 'agile lizard') is an ornithischian dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic Period of what is now eastern Asia.

The fossils were first discovered from the Sichuan Province of China in 1915.

Agujaceratops

Agujaceratops (meaning "horned face from Aguja") is a chasmosaurine ceratopsid known from two species, "A. mariscalensis" (Lehman, 1989) and "A. mavericus" (Lehman "et al.", 2016), both discovered in Aguja, Texas.

The type species, "A. mariscalensis", was first discovered in 1938, when three bonebeds was discovered and excavated by William Strain. The material was described, studied and named in 1989.

"A. mavericus" was described, studied and named in 2016.

Alaskacephale

Alaskacephale is a pachycephalosaurid dinosaur that lived in the Late Cretaceous (around 80 to 69 million years ago).

"Alaskacephale" was named by Robert Sullivan in 2006. "Alaskacephale" was about half the size of "Pachycephalosaurus wyomingensis" and three quarters the size of "Prenocephale", and about the same size as "Sphaerotholus" and "Foraminacephale".

Albisaurus

Albisaurus is an extinct archosaur known from fossils discovered in the Czech Republic and was related to "Ponerosteus". It was once wrongly known as "Iguanodon", a 'wastebasket taxon'.

Alectrosaurus

Alectrosaurus is a theropod dinosaur related to "Tyrannosaurus", "Alioramus" and "Tarbosaurus". It lived in Mongolia and China in the Late Cretaceous period, about 90-70 million years ago. "Alectrosaurus" as a genus existed for about 9 million years.

1984 Carolinas tornado outbreak

The 1984 Carolinas tornado outbreak of March 28, 1984 across North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia was the largest tornado outbreak in the two Carolinas since the Enigma tornado outbreak 100 years earlier.
Weather reports from that day were that a tornado watch was issued for Alabama and Georgia, where two tornadoes struck Barrow County at 2:25 p.m. Eastern Time, and Henry County at 2:30 p.m. Eastern Time in Georgia. The first reports were hail from Macon County, North Carolina. By mid-afternoon, a high risk was issued for Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina as severe thunderstorms had entered western South Carolina and tornado watches was issued for South Carolina, North Carolina, and Virginia.

The outbreak killed 57 people (42 in North Carolina, 15 in South Carolina) and injured 1,249 others, and tornado damage in 2 counties in Georgia, 8 in South Carolina, and 17 in North Carolina. The day before, weak tornadoes were reported in locations from Louisiana to Alabama and thunderstorms also triggered floods in Florida that caused a train derailment. Severe thunderstorms also caused four additional deaths in Maryland and Pennsylvania before dropping snow across the northeast. Cities including Atlanta, Charlotte, Columbia, Greenville, Fayetteville, Norfolk, Raleigh, and Suffolk had wind damage and it was reported as north as Delaware.

1988 Raleigh tornado

The 1988 Raleigh tornado was a natural disaster in the state of North Carolina in the United States on November 28, 1988. The outbreak was mainly centered in North Carolina and Virginia between 1:00 and 5:45 a.m. Eastern Time. 

The weekend prior to the tornado event was very warm and humid, with temperatures in the 70s and dew points in the 60s. All that weekend the National Severe Storms Forecast Center (NSSCFC) was watching the eastern part of the United States for the possibility for severe weather.

A line of thunderstorms was spotted in the Charlotte area during the afternoon and evening hours, including some severe weather in the area and it crossed nearby Chatham County. No tornado watch had been issued for the Raleigh-Durham area when the tornado began touching down at 1:00 a.m. on Monday, November 28. The storm was rated F4 on the Fujita scale. 

Warnings were quickly issued as the storm began carving a path through suburban north Raleigh. It damaged or destroyed nearly 2500 residences and over 75 businesses including entire shopping centers. By 1:30 AM, the tornado had moved out of northern Wake County and into Franklin County, North Carolina. Fluctuating between F1 and F3 in strength, the storm finally fell apart after crossing Interstate 95 in North Carolina between Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina and the Virginia state line. Overall, four people were killed: 2 children in Raleigh, 9-year-old Janet Barnes and 12-year-old Pete Fulghum, and a couple in their mobile home in Nash County).. The tornado was responsible for destroying 425 residences and 78 businesses, including a K-Mart. Over 157 people were injured as a result of the storms.

Shortly after this tornado, other tornado storms began breaking out across North Carolina and Virginia.


Pippo Caruso

Giuseppe Caruso (December 22, 1935 – May 28, 2018), best known as Pippo Caruso, was an Italian composer, conductor and music arranger. He was born in Belpasso, Italy. Caruso was known for composing movie soundtracks, such as "Kill Johnny Ringo" and "Maladolescenza". He also conducted the score of the television series "Canzonissima 1973".

Caruso died in Passo Corese, Italy on May 28, 2018 at the age of 82.


Serge Dassault

Serge Dassault (; 4 April 1925 – 28 May 2018) was a French heir, business executive and politician. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Dassault Group and a conservative politician. He was born in Paris. According to Forbes, Dassault's net worth was estimated in 2016 at US$15 billion.

Dassault served in the French Senate for Essonne from 2004 to 2017 as a conservative Independent.

Dassault died at the age of 93 on 28 May 2018 in Paris of a heart attack.


Neale Cooper

Neale James Cooper (24 November 1963 – 28 May 2018) was a Scottish football player and coach. He was born in Darjeeling, India to Scottish parents. He was raised in Aberdeen, Scotland.

Cooper played as a midfielder during the 1980s and 1990s, mainly for the Aberdeen team managed by Alex Ferguson. He later played for Aston Villa, Rangers, Reading, Dunfermline Athletic and Ross County. 

Cooper then became a coach, and worked as a manager in England with Hartlepool United and Gillingham, and in Scotland with Ross County and Peterhead.

On 28 May 2018 it was reported that Cooper was in a critical condition after being found collapsed in the stairwell of flats in Aberdeen. He died later that day of suspected cardiac arrest, aged 54.






President of Egypt

The President of the Arab Republic of Egypt () is the head of state of Egypt. Under the president is also the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces and head of the executive branch of the Egyptian government. The current president is Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, in office since 8 June 2014.

In 2005 and 2007, constitutional amendments were made. Principles in the amended constitution include:

Candidates must have the recommendation of 20 members of the House of Representatives or the endorsement of 25,000 people across 15 governorates, with at least 1,000 signatures from each.

The president of the republic may be re-elected once. The constitution specifies the number of terms a president shall remain in office to be limited to two terms.

There are no living former presidents. The latest to die was Hosni Mubarak, who served from 1981 to 2011, on 25 February 2020, aged 91.


Prime Minister of Sweden

The Prime Minister (, literally "Minister of the State") is the head of government in Sweden. The office was created in 1876. Louis Gerhard De Geer, the architect behind the new bicameral Riksdag of 1866 that replaced the centuries-old Riksdag of the Estates, became the first officeholder in 1876.

Until 1974, the executive authority in Sweden had been exercised through the King in Council. Constitutional reform provided a new Instrument of Government which "de jure" established the parliamentary system and created a cabinet government with constitutional powers not derived from the Crown.

The current prime minister is Ulf Kristersson, leader of the Moderate Party, since 2022.


Prime Minister of Norway

The prime minister of Norway (, literally the "minister of the state") is the head of government of Norway and the most powerful person in Norwegian politics. 

The prime minister and Cabinet is almost always the leader of the majority party in the Storting, or the leader of the senior partner in the governing coalition.

Norway has a Constitution, which was adopted on 17 May 1814. The position of prime minister is the result of legislation.

The current prime minister of Norway is Jonas Gahr Støre, of the Labour Party since October 2021.


Kjell Magne Bondevik

Kjell Magne Bondevik (; born 3 September 1947) is a Norwegian Lutheran minister and politician (Christian Democratic Party). He served as Prime Minister of Norway from 1997 to 2000, and from 2001 to 2005.

He is Norway's longest serving non-Labour Party Prime Minister since World War II.

On 31 January 2017, he was the first high-ranking politician from another country detained and questioned in the United States as a result of President Donald Trump's executive orders banning immigration from seven predominantly Muslim nations, because of a diplomatic visit to Iran he had made in 2014.


António Costa

António Luís Santos da Costa (born 17 July 1961) is a Portuguese lawyer and politician. He is the 119th and current Prime Minister of Portugal since 26 November 2015. He served as Mayor of Lisbon from 2007 to 2015. 

He was elected as Secretary-General of the Socialist Party in September 2014.

On 7 November 2023, Costa resigned after ongoing searches and arrests involving members of his Socialist government. This resignation was accepted by the president, Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, a few hours later.


Prime Minister of Portugal

Prime Minister (Portuguese: "Primeiro-Ministro"; ) is the current title of the head of government of Portugal.

As head of government, the Prime Minister coordinates the actions of ministers, represents the Government of Portugal to the other bodies of state, is accountable to Parliament and keeps the President informed. The Prime Minister can hold the role of head of government with the portfolio of one or more ministries.

There is no limit to the number of terms a person can serve as Prime Minister. The Prime Minister is appointed by the President of the Republic.

Portuguese prime ministers of the Third Portuguese Republic:

As of , there are seven living former prime ministers of Portugal, as seen below.
The most recent Prime Minister to die was Diogo Freitas do Amaral (served 4 December 1980 – 9 January 1981), on 3 October 2019, aged 78.


Francisco Pinto Balsemão

Francisco José Pereira Pinto Balsemão (; born 1 September 1937 in Lisbon), is a Portuguese businessman, former journalist and retired politician. He served as Prime Minister of Portugal, from 1981 to 1983.


Rodney Frelinghuysen

Rodney Procter Frelinghuysen (born April 29, 1946) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for , serving from 1995 to 2019.

Frelinghuysen has served as Chair of the House Appropriations Committee since 2017. Frelinghuysen announced on January 29, 2018, that he would not seek re-election that year.


Hal Rogers

Harold Dallas Rogers (born December 31, 1937) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 1981. He is a member of the Republican Party. He is the dean of the Kentucky congressional delegation. In 2022, he became the 46th Dean of the United States House of Representatives after Don Young's death.

Rogers was the Republican nominee for Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky in 1979. He was on the ballot with former Governor of Kentucky Louie B. Nunn. He lost to Democratic nominee Martha Layne Collins 63%-37%. The following year Rogers won election to Congress.


Dave Obey

David Ross Obey ( ; born October 3, 1938) is an American politician. He was the United States Representative for from 1969 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Obey served as Chairman of the powerful House Committee on Appropriations from 1994 to 1995 and again from 2007 to 2011. He is the longest-serving member ever of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Wisconsin.

On May 5, 2010, Obey announced that he would not seek reelection to Congress in November 2010. He left Congress in January 2011.

Jerry Lewis (California politician)

Charles Jeremy Lewis (October 21, 1934 – July 15, 2021) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative, last serving . He is a former chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, serving in that role during the 109th Congress. 

In January 2012 he announced that he was not running for re-election and would end his congressional career in January 2013.

Lewis died on July 15, 2021 in Redlands, California at the age of 86.


Dick Gephardt

Richard Andrew Gephardt (born January 31, 1941) is an American politician. He served as a United States Representative from Missouri from 1977 to 2005. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was House Majority Leader from 1989 to 1995 and Minority Leader from 1995 to 2003.

He ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in 1988 and 2004. Gephardt was mentioned as a possible vice presidential nominee in 1988, 1992, 2000, 2004, and 2008.


President of Portugal

The President of the Portuguese Republic (, ) is the executive head of state of Portugal.

The current President of Portugal is Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, who took office on 9 March 2016.

The President exercises the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces and Grand Master of the Three Orders and shall appoint and remove, at the proposal of the Government, the Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces and the Military Staff Heads of the three branches the Armed Forces.

The President appoints the Prime Minister, given the election results, and appoints the other members of the Government by proposal of the Prime Minister.

The President declares a state of siege and emergency upon consultation with the Government and with permission of the Parliament.

The President decides on referendums put forth to him by Parliament.

Under the Portuguese Constitution adopted in 1976, in the wake of the 1974 Carnation Revolution, the President is elected to a five-year term; there is no limit to the number of terms a president may serve, but a president who serves two consecutive terms may not serve again in the next five years after the second term finishes or in the following five years after his resignation.

If the president dies or becomes incapacitated while in office, the President of the Assembly assumes the office with restricted powers until a new president can be inaugurated following fresh elections.

There are two living former Portuguese Presidents:

Jorge Sampaio

Jorge Fernando Branco de Sampaio, , , () (18 September 1939 – 10 September 2021) was a Portuguese lawyer and politician. He was the 18th President of Portugal from 1996 to 2006. He was also the Mayor of Lisbon between 1990 until 1995. Between 1988 until 1992, he was the Leader of the Opposition.

In May 2006, Sampaio was appointed by the United Nations Secretary-General as his first Special Envoy for the Global Plan to Stop Tuberculosis. In April 2007, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon designated him as High Representative for the Alliance of Civilizations, a position he held till September 2012.

Sampaio died at a hospital in Carnaxide e Queijas, Portugal on 10 September 2021 from respiratory failure, aged 81.


Athol Fugard

Harold Athol Lanigan Fugard OIS (born 11 June 1932) is a South African playwright, novelist, actor, and director. He is best known for his political plays opposing the system of apartheid and for the 2005 Academy Award-winning movie of his novel "Tsotsi", directed by Gavin Hood.

Fugard was a professor of playwriting, acting and directing in the Department of Theatre and Dance at the University of California, San Diego. He is also an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature.


Trinity College

Trinity College may mean:

Justin Moore

Justin Cole Moore (born March 30, 1984), is an American country music singer-songwriter and guitarist. He has released four studio albums—his self titled debut album in 2009, "Outlaws Like Me" in 2011, "Off the Beaten Path" in 2013, and "Kinda Don't Care" in 2016.

He has also charted eleven times on the Hot Country Songs, including with the #1 singles "Small Town USA", "If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away", "Til My Last Day", "Lettin' the Night Roll", "You Look Like I Need a Drink", and "Somebody Else Will"; and the top 10 hits "Backwoods" and "Point at You".



Moore married his wife, Kate of Houma, Louisiana, in 2007. They have three daughters.

Moore is a supporter of the Republican Party. In 2016, he endorsed Donald Trump in the presidential election.


Cornelia Frances

Cornelia Frances Zulver (7 April 1941 – 28 May 2018), credited professionally as Cornelia Frances, was an English-born Australian actress. She was born in Liverpool, England. 

Frances became well-known for her long-running role of Morag Bellingham on "Home and Away" from 1988 until 1993. She also starred as Sister Grace Scott on Nine Network series "The Young Doctors", and Barbara Hamilton on "Sons and Daughters" on Network Seven.

In January 2018, Frances revealed that she had bladder cancer that had spread to her hip. She died from the disease on 28 May 2018 in Sydney at the age of 77.


Donald H. Peterson

Donald Herod Peterson (October 22, 1933 – May 27, 2018) was an American astronaut. He was born in Winona, Mississippi.

Peterson was a United States Air Force officer and NASA astronaut. Peterson was selected for the Manned Orbiting Laboratory (MOL) program, but, when that was canceled, he became a NASA astronaut in September 1969.

He was a mission specialist on STS-6 on board "Challenger". During the mission Peterson performed a spacewalk to test the new airlock and space suits. He logged 120 hours in space. Peterson retired from NASA in 1984.

Peterson died on May 27, 2018 at his home in El Lago, Texas of Alzheimer's disease and bone cancer at the age of 84.

Winona, Mississippi

Winona is a city in Montgomery County, Mississippi. The population was 4,505 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Montgomery County.

Like I Love You

"Like I Love You" is the first single from Justin Timberlake's debut album "Justified". It is performed with Malice and Pusha-T from Clipse. Released in 2002, the Neptunes-produced single peaked at #11 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

Serpent (musical instrument)

The serpent is an ancient, low-sounding wind instrument in an 'S' shape. It looks a bit like a snake or serpent. It is made of wood, but had a mouthpiece similar to a trumpet and is classified as a brass instrument. The serpent has a range from C below the bass clef to around F above middle C. It was perhaps invented by Frenchman, Edme Guillaume, in the late 1500s. It made a comeback in the late 1800s and can be heard in Berlioz' "Symphonie Fantastique".

The nearest musical instrument to the serpent is the ophicleide, which replaced it in the 19th century. Its place was taken later on by valved bass brass instruments such as the euphonium and tuba. 

Xbox

Xbox is a video game console brand made by Microsoft. It began in 1998 when four employees decided to try to make a system to compete with Sony's PlayStation 2. The employees took apart four Dell computers and built the console from the parts. The employees named the console DirectX Box because it used Microsoft's DirectX graphics program. They showed the console to Ed Fries, who was the leader of Microsoft's game publishing business, and he liked the idea. During work on the project, the name was changed to Xbox.

There are four generations of the Xbox.

2017–18 UEFA Europa League knockout phase

The 2017–18 UEFA Europa League knockout phase was a knockout stage which began on 13 February and ended on 16 May 2018 with the last game at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais in Décines-Charpieu, France, to decide the champions of the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League. A total of 32 teams compete in the knockout stage.

The schedule of the knockout phase was as follows (all draws were held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland).

Matches where also be played on Tuesdays or Wednesdays instead of the normal Thursdays due to scheduling conflicts.

<section begin=R32 />
The draw for the round of 32 was held on 11 December 2017, 13:00 CET.<section end=R32 />

<section begin=R32 />
The first legs were played on 13 and 15 February, and the second legs were played on 21 and 22 February 2018.

"Borussia Dortmund won 4–3 on aggregate."

"Lokomotiv Moscow won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Atlético Madrid won 5–1 on aggregate."

"Athletic Bilbao won 4–3 on aggregate."

"1–1 on aggregate. Dynamo Kyiv won on away goals."

"Zenit Saint Petersburg won 3–1 on aggregate."

"3–3 on aggregate. RB Leipzig won on away goals."

"CSKA Moscow won 1–0 on aggregate."

"Lyon won 4–1 on aggregate."

"Red Bull Salzburg won 4–3 on aggregate."

"Viktoria Plzeň won 3–1 on aggregate."

"Lazio won 5–2 on aggregate."

"Milan won 4–0 on aggregate."

"Sporting CP won 6–4 on aggregate."

"Arsenal won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Marseille won 3–1 on aggregate."

<section begin=R16 />
The draw for the round of 16 was held on 23 February 2018, 13:00 CET.<section end=R16 />

<section begin=R16 />
The first legs were played on 8 March, and the second legs were played on 15 March 2018.

"Lazio won 4–2 on aggregate."

"RB Leipzig won 3–2 on aggregate."

"Atlético Madrid won 8–1 on aggregate."

"3–3 on aggregate. CSKA Moscow won on away goals."

"Marseille won 5–2 on aggregate."

"Sporting CP won 3–2 on aggregate."

"Red Bull Salzburg won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Arsenal won 5–1 on aggregate."

<section begin=QF />
The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 16 March 2018, 13:00 CET.<section end=QF />

For the first time since the 2004–05 UEFA Cup, all the eight teams at this stage represented different national associations.

<section begin=QF />
The first legs were played on 5 April, and the second legs were played on 12 April 2018.

"Marseille won 5–3 on aggregate."

"Arsenal won 6–3 on aggregate."

"Atlético Madrid won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Red Bull Salzburg won 6–5 on aggregate."

<section begin=SF />
The draw for the semi-finals was held on 13 April 2018, 12:00 CEST.<section end=SF />

<section begin=SF />
The first legs were played on 26 April, and the second legs were played on 3 May 2018.

"Marseille won 3–2 on aggregate."

"Atlético Madrid won 2–1 on aggregate."

<section begin=Final />
The final was played at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais in Décines-Charpieu on 16 May 2018. The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw.
<section end=Final />


Arrow's impossibility theorem

Arrow's impossibility theorem, Arrow's theorem, or Arrow's paradox is a statement from social choice theory, named after economist Kenneth Arrow, who first described it in 1950: Suppose there is a vote, and voters have at least three different options to choose from. Each voter will then rank the options according to his or her preference. Arrow said, that in such a case, there is no way to convert these rankings into a community-wide complete and transitive ranking while also meeting certain criteria.

Arrow demonstrated the theorem in his doctoral thesis. He popularized it in his 1951 book "Social Choice and Individual Values". The original paper was titled "A Difficulty in the Concept of Social Welfare".

In short, the theorem states that no rank-order electoral system can be designed that always satisfies these three "fairness" criteria:


2018 Liège attack

On 29 May 2018, a man on temporary leave from prison "hunted down" and stabbed two female police officers, then took their guns and used them to shoot and kill the two officers and a pedestrian in Liège, Belgium. 

The gunman took a woman hostage before he was killed by police. A terrorism investigation has been launched.

Stranger than Fiction (2006 movie)

Stranger than Fiction is a 2006 American fantasy comedy-drama movie directed by Marc Forster, produced by Lindsay Doran, and written by Zach Helm. The movie stars Will Ferrell, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Dustin Hoffman, Queen Latifah, Kristin Chenoweth with Emma Thompson and Linda Hunt.

The main plot follows Harold Crick (portrayed by Ferrell), an IRS worker who begins hearing a disembodied voice narrating his life as it happens – seemingly the text of a novel in which it is stated that he will soon die – and he frantically seeks to somehow prevent that ending.

The movie was shot on location in Chicago. It was released by Columbia Pictures on November 10, 2006 and made $53.7 million at the box office. Roger Ebert gave it 3.5 out of 4 stars and praised Ferrell's performance.

Rifat Hadžiselimović

Academician Rifat Hadžiselimović is a Bosnian geneticist. He was born in Šiprage, Bosnia and Herzegovina on 7 January 1944. In 2013, with over 45 years of service, he was appointed Emeritus. He acts as scientific adviser in Institute for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, University of Sarajevo.

Rifat Hadžiselimović is the member of Academy of Science and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina since 2018.

Rifat Hadžiselimović completed secondary education in Banja Luka after which in 1962 he enrolled at the Faculty of Natural Sciences and Mathematics in Sarajevo. He graduated as a Biology teacher in 1966 and completed his Masters in Biology (Anthropology) in 1971 at the Faculty of Science and Mathematics, University of Zagreb, Croatia. His Master thesis was entitled "Historical aspect of the change of relative frequency of two allelogens in human populations". He completed his PhD in Biology in 1976 at the Faculty of Science, University of Sarajevo on the subject of "The Genetics of ABH antigens secretion in the population of Bosnia and Herzegovina".

Since 1966 he has been employed by the Faculty of Science, University of Sarajevo, first as an Assistant Lecturer (1966-1977), then as an Assistant Professor (1977), Associate Professor (1980) and the Professor (1984) on subjects: Human Genetics, Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology, Molecular Biology, Evolution, Bioanthropology, and Biomedicine.

He was as an active member of the Anthropological Society of Yugoslavia and was a Co-Founder and member of the Association of Genetics in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
From 1984 – 1986 he also served as the Head of the Department of Biology. From 1994 - 2003 he was engaged in the development of the "Postgraduate study of biological sciences" where he was the head of the programme, and from 2007 was the head of the as the "Genetics" field of the programme.

In the period from 1987-2001, he was the Director of the Institute of Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (INGEB), and from 2001 he was the Project Coordinator of the DNA Project which was developed in cooperation with the International Commission on Missing Persons (ICMP). He was also engaged as the Scientific Advisor of the Institute (INGEB), and from 2006 to 2012 was appointed a Chair of the Board of Directors of the Institute. 


Mike Parson

Michael L. Parson (born September 17, 1955) is an American politician and former law enforcement officer. He is the 57th and current Governor of Missouri since June 1, 2018. He was the 47th Lieutenant Governor of Missouri from January 9, 2017, until becoming governor in June 2018. He became governor when Eric Greitens resigned on June 1, 2018.

Parson was a Republican member of the Missouri Senate representing the 28th district from 2011 to 2017. Parson served three terms in the Missouri House of Representatives from the 133rd district (2005–2011). Parson served as the Majority Caucus Whip in the Senate during the 96th General Assembly.

On September 23, 2020, Parson and his wife both tested positive for COVID-19.

Chicago Outfit

The Chicago Outfit (also known as the Outfit, the Chicago Mafia, the Chicago Mob, or The Organization) is an Italian-American organized crime syndicate based in Chicago, Illinois, which dates back to the 1910s. It is part of the American Mafia originating in Chicago's South Side.

The Outfit rose to power in the 1920s, under the control of Johnny Torrio and Al Capone and the period was marked by bloody gang wars for distribution of illegal alcohol during Prohibition. 

The Outfit did not have a monopoly on organized crime in Chicago, but they were by far the most powerful, violent and largest criminal organization in the Midwest. The Outfit's influence, at its peak, stretched as far away as California and Florida. Higher law enforcement attention and general attrition led to the Outfit's gradual decline since the late 20th century. 

From 1997 until his death in May 2018, the Chicago Outfit was believed to be led by John DiFronzo.

Eduardo López de Romaña

Eduardo López de Romaña (1847-1912) was a Peruvian politician. Between 1899 and 1903, he was the 40th President of Peru.

Eduardo López de Romaña was born in Arequipa as the son of Josefina Alvizuri Bustamente and Juan Manuel Lópe. He studied in Europe to become an engineer. He married Josefa Castresana in 1877. The couple had three children, Carlos, Eduardo, and Hortensia.

During the Pacific War, Eduardo López de Romaña organized the "Battle of Tambo valley". In that battle, he was a commander of the Vanguard division. He prevented the Chilean enemies from leaving. In 1895, he started a service that gave drinkable water to his hometown. Piérola's made a revolution earlier that year. López then decided to become a politician. He was put on Congress as a deputy of his hometown, Arequipa. He was elected to the first vice-presidency of his house, and became a minister for development in 1896. As a minister, he helped build irrigation systems, roads, mining, and industry. In 1897 he was elected Mayor of Arequipa. As a mayor, he did an excellent job, as he gave Arequipa urban planning and road works. He returned to congress again in 1898, and was a senator in 1899.

After the government of Piérola, he was a presidential candidate of the civil-democratic alliance. His character traits were considered ideal for the presidency, since he was not boisterous, and had the image of working hard for his people.

During his presidency, he made many changes to help the poor and foreigners. He focused on agricultural economic development. With the help of Belgium, he founded a school for agriculture. He made a new Water Code in 1902, and got rid of the law that forbid foreigners to purchase land. In addition, he got American Investors to come and create the "Cerro de Pasco" mining company, which boosted economic growth. A railroad was built from La "Oroya" to "Cerro de Pasco".

Eduardo López de Romaña died May 26, 1912.

Oobi

Oobi is an American television show for children. It was made by Little Airplane Productions in New York City. It is about a group of talking hand puppets with eyes and clothes. The main character, Oobi, is a 4-year-old boy hand. He has a sister named Uma, a friend named Kako, and a grandfather named Grampu.

The show was first played in 2000 as a series of two-minute short episodes. It started as a series of longer half-hour episodes in 2003. It was shown on the channels Nickelodeon and .

While it was being made, the show was popular with preschoolers and fans of puppetry. It won awards from groups like and the . In the mid-2000s, there was a cult following of small filmmakers who used Oobi-style puppets in short movies. In 2012, a spin-off of "Oobi" called "Dasdasi" was made in Iran. The entire original show is currently included on Amazon Prime Video.

Most episodes are split into two or three parts. Every episode has a main story and some interviews. In the interviews, the puppets ask real kids and families about a topic or place. Episodes in season one also have a "game segment" where the puppets play a simple learning game. In season two, there were no game segments anymore and the main stories were made longer instead.

The show takes place in an old-fashioned town where almost everyone is a talking hand puppet. The puppets have eyes that they wear on the middle finger. The kids have four of their fingers straight, and they use their thumbs as their bottom lips. The adults have their fingers curled up, which makes them look taller. The only regular character who is not a hand is Frieda, a foot puppet.



The show has also been shown in:


"Dasdasi" was a spin-off/adaptation of "Oobi" made in the country of Iran for a TV channel called . In "Dasdasi", there is a bigger family of hand puppets: a son, a daughter, two parents, and a grandfather. The kids are counterparts to Oobi and Uma, and the grandpa is Grampu's counterpart. Kako does not have a counterpart, but the kids have neighbors and a baby cousin who usually fills the role of a close friend instead. "Dasdasi" was first shown on September 22, 2012, and the last episode was shown on December 20, 2012. There were 78 episodes.

"Oobi" got high TV ratings for Noggin. From 2003 to 2004, "Oobi" and two other shows—"Miffy" and "Connie the Cow"—made Noggin's daily viewers increase by 55% over the last year. The average number of preschool-age children watching "Oobi" grew by 43% during the same time. The show's ratings were reported in the newspaper Multichannel News by the author Mike Reynolds, who said Noggin's popularity could be traced to its "breakout original series "Oobi"." The first showing of the "Uma Preschool!" episode on September 6, 2004, got higher ratings than any other Noggin show ever did.

When "Oobi" was still being played on TV, it had a of Muppets fans and small filmmakers who made their own "Oobi" puppets. In 2003, the "Boston Herald" newspaper said that "Oobi" was "already very popular" with "those of the Muppet generation." A worker for Noggin, Tom Ascheim, said in the same article that Oobi "gets fan mail," and he thought it was an interesting idea for a show because "everybody has an Oobi in their hand." In 2004, the magazine "The Melbourne Age" said that "the show - the work of various "Sesame Street" alumni - is developing a strong cult following; the real Uma [Thurman] is said to be a fan of hand Uma." An internet catalog of "Oobi" puppets and eyes, OobiEyes.com, was online from 2006 to 2013. A small group of YouTube.com users who made fan films with "Oobi" puppets existed during the early years of the website, and OobiEyes.com held an advertising campaign with YouTube in 2008.


Tim Lagasse

Timothy "Tim" Lagasse (born February 20, 1969) is an American actor who uses puppets. He is known for playing Oobi on "Oobi" and Crash on "Crash & Bernstein". He works on "The Muppets" and "Sesame Street".

Tim Lagasse was born in Milford, Connecticut. He went to St. Mary's School and Notre Dame High School in West Haven, Connecticut. He graduated from the University of Connecticut in 1992 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Puppetry.

Lagasse teaches people how to use and make puppets at the Lincoln Center Foundation. He also teaches about modern ways of puppetry at the University of Connecticut's Puppet Arts Program. In 2011, he worked at the University of Central Arkansas as part of Heather Henson's "Handmade Puppet Dreams" Film Festival. In 2012, he went to Haiti as a puppet workshop trainer.


Otto von Guericke

Otto von Guericke (; originally spelled Gericke, ; November 20, 1602 – May 11, 1686 (Julian calendar); November 30, 1602 – May 21, 1686 (Gregorian calendar)) was a German scientist, inventor, and politician. He was known for his work about the physics of vacuums.

Hamlet chicken processing plant fire

The Hamlet chicken processing plant fire was an industrial accident. It occurred on September 3, 1991 at the Imperial Foods Chicken Processing Plant in Hamlet, North Carolina, United States. In the center of the plant, a hydraulic line failed and ignited the cooking oil in a long frying vat. An automatic fire extinguisher, which was state of the art at the time, had been installed over the cooking vat, but it failed to put the fire out. The fire spread quickly and many workers were unable to escape due to locked fire exits. 25 workers died and 54 were injured in the fire. The plant never reopened and was demolished in 2001. The owner of the facility pled guilty to 25 counts of manslaughter, and was sentenced to almost 20 years in prison. He was paroled after four years. The fire was the worst industrial accident in North Carolina's history and led to new safety requirements for industrial facilities in the United States.

Madiha Yousri

Madiha Yousri (), (née Ghanima Habib Khalil (); 3 December 1921 – 30 May 2018) was an Egyptian movie and television actress. She was born to a Turkish father and Sudanese mother in Cairo. She was known for her role as Siham in "Immortal Song" (1952). In 1969 she was a member of the jury at the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.

On 30 May 2018, Madiha died at a Cairo hospital from heart disease at the age of 96.


Jürgen Marcus

Jürgen Marcus (Jürgen Beumer, 6 June 1948 – 17 May 2018) was a German schlager singer. He was born in Herne, Germany. He was successful during the 1970s, when he had 14 chart hits in Germany. He was also known for his participation on behalf of Luxembourg in the 1976 Eurovision Song Contest. He retired in 2017. 

On May 29, 2018, it was announced by his manager that Marcus died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in May 17, 2018 in Munich.


Yoseph Imry

Yoseph Imry (Hebrew: יוסף אמרי; born 23 February 1939 – 29 May 2018) was an Israeli physicist. He was best known for taking part in the discovery of mesoscopic physics. In 2016, Imry won the Wolf Prize. In 1996, Imry received the Rothschild Prize in physics. In 2001, Imry was awarded the Israel Prize in physics.

He was a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts (Salzburg), the European Academy of Sciences, Sciences and Humanities (Paris) and the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities.

Imry died in Tel Aviv on 29 May 2018 at the age of 79.


Semavi Eyice

Mustafa Semavi Eyice (December 9, 1922 in Istanbul, Turkey – May 28, 2018 in Istanbul, Turkey) was a Turkish art historian and archaeologist. He worked in the study of Byzantine and Ottoman art in Istanbul. Professor Eyice was thought as the pioneer of Byzantine studies in Turkey.

Arkady Babchenko

Arkady Arkadyevich Babchenko (; born 18 March 1977) is a Russian journalist and war correspondent. He was a critic of President Vladimir Putin. He was born in Moscow. He temporarily left journalism and worked as a taxi driver for several years, but in January 2009 started working in Russian newspaper "Novaya Gazeta". As a military correspondent, he followed the South Ossetia war in 2008.

Beginning in October 2017, Babchenko began working in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine, for the TV channel ATR.

Babchenko faked his own assassination at his Kiev apartment on 29 May 2018 to arrest Russian spies who were plotting (or making a plan about) his assassination. However, the next day, he appeared alive at a press conference with the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU). According to the SBU the 'murder' had been staged to arrest his assassins, who were operating on orders by Russian security services.

Joseph Lombardo

Joseph Patrick "Joey the Clown" Lombardo Sr. (born Giuseppe Lombardi; January 1, 1929 – October 19, 2019), also known as "Joe Padula," "Lumbo," and "Lumpy", was an imprisoned American mafioso and a high-ranking member of the Chicago Outfit crime organization. He was alleged to be the Consigliere of the Outfit.

In February 2009, Lombardo was sentenced to life in prison. He died on October 19, 2019 at the age of 90.


Joseph Andriacchi

Joseph "the Builder" Andriacchi (born October 20, 1932) is an American mobster. He has been reported by Chicago newspapers to be a high-ranking member of the Chicago Outfit criminal organization. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. Andriacchi was identified in a 1995 "Chicago Tribune" article as being an underboss for day-to-day operations for the Chicago Outfit.

On September 30, 2007, the Chicago Tribune reported that law enforcement sources indicated that Andriacchi controls Chicago's north side and north suburbs, and that he leads the Elmwood Park crew.


Peter DiFronzo

Peter DiFronzo (May 13, 1933 – December 4, 2020) was an American mobster. He was the brother of John DiFronzo (former leader of the Chicago Outfit) and Joseph DiFronzo.

DiFronzo was supposedly a made man, and stands at 5'8 and weighs 185 pounds.

In 1965, he was arrested for interstate stolen property and served ten years in prison. He was featured in William F. Roemer Jr's "War of the Godfathers: The Bloody Confrontation Between the Chicago and New York Families for Control of Las Vegas" in 1990. His wife, Josephine, is part owner of D&P Trucking, located in Chicago, Illinois, though authorities believe it is Peter and his brothers Joe and John that actually run the enterprise. Peter is also supposedly active in some of the Outfit's racketeering schemes.

He has a conviction for transporting stolen goods and served time in Leavenworth.

DiFronzo died on December 4, 2020 in North Barrington, Illinois from pneumonia caused by COVID-19, aged 87.

John DiFronzo

John DiFronzo (December 13, 1928 – May 27, 2018), nicknamed "No Nose", was an American mobster. He was the boss of the Chicago Outfit from 1997 until his death in 2018. His brother, Peter DiFronzo, a made-man, was convicted of warehouse burglary in 1963.

In 2009, John DiFronzo, Rudy Fratto, and several others were named in a civil lawsuit by Joseph Fosco, the son of late Teamsters treasurer Armando Fosco, alleged to have tried to extort $400,000 from Fosco.

DiFronzo died in River Grove, Illinois on May 27, 2018 of complications from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 89.

Sam Giancana

Salvatore "Sam" Giancana (born Salvatore Giangana; June 15, 1908 – June 19, 1975), was a Sicilian American mobster, notable as being boss of the criminal Chicago Outfit from 1957–1966. His nicknames were "Mooney", "Momo", "Sam the Cigar", and "Sammy".

On June 19, 1975, a gunman entered Giancana's basement kitchen and shot him in the back of the head as he was frying sausage and peppers at his Oak Park, Illinois home. After Giancana fell to the floor, the gunman turned him over and shot him six more times in the face and neck.

Mostafa Fathi

Mostafa Fathi (; born 12 May 1994) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays for Zamalek SC and Egypt national football team.




Antonio Pujía

Antonio Pujía (11 June 1929 – 26 May 2018) was an Italian-born Argentine sculptor. Through his artwork he has always honored women, but he has also denounced the world´s horrors of famine and war. He was born in Polia, Calabria, Italy.

His 1975 exhibit at the San Martín Cultural Center was a particular success, and Pujía added his entire warehouse of works to the initial display. He lived in Spain from 1975 to 1976, working in the renowned Escorial Museum.

Pujía died on 26 May 2018 in Buenos Aires, Argentina of colorectal cancer at the age of 88.

Webster, Texas

Webster is a city in the U.S. state of Texas located in Harris County, within the Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area. The population was 12,499 at the 2020 census.

Haskell, Texas

Haskell is a city in central Haskell County, Texas, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 3,089. It is the Haskell county seat. United States Secretary of Energy and former Governor of Texas Rick Perry was born here.

2018 UEFA Europa League Final

The 2018 UEFA Europa League Final was the last game of the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League, the 47th season of Europe's secondary club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 9th season since it was renamed from the UEFA Cup to the UEFA Europa League. It was played at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais in Décines-Charpieu, Lyon, France on 16 May 2018, between French side Marseille and Spanish side Atlético Madrid.

Atlético Madrid won the match 3–0 for their third Europa League title. As winners, Atlético Madrid will play against the winners of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League, Real Madrid, in the 2018 UEFA Super Cup. They will also qualify to enter the group stage of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League.

"In the following table, finals until 2009 were in the UEFA Cup era, since 2010 were in the UEFA Europa League era."

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."
The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the semi-final draw, which was held on 13 April 2018, 12:00 CEST, at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


El Lago, Texas

El Lago is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States. The population was 3,090 at the 2020 census. "El Lago" is Spanish for "The Lake".

Eric Sevareid

Arnold Eric Sevareid (November 26, 1912 – July 9, 1992) was an American author and CBS news journalist from 1939 to 1977. He was one of a group of elite war correspondents that was hired by CBS newsman Edward R. Murrow and nicknamed "Murrow's Boys." He followed in Murrow's footsteps as a commentator on the CBS Evening News for 12 years for which he was recognized with Emmy and Peabody Awards.

Sevaraid was the first to report the Fall of Paris, when the city was captured by the Germans during World War II.

Sevareid died of stomach cancer on July 9, 1992 in Washington, D.C., aged 79.


Columbia Heights, Minnesota

Columbia Heights is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 21,973 at the 2020 census.
Minnesota State Highways 47 (University Avenue) and 65 (Central Avenue) are two of the main routes in the city.

Columbia Heights is a first-ring northern suburb of Minneapolis, which it borders on the south.

Velva, North Dakota

Velva is a city in McHenry County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 1,086 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Minot Micropolitan Statistical Area. 

Velva was founded in 1897 and is the birthplace of television correspondent Eric Sevareid.

2017–18 UEFA Europa League

The 2017–18 UEFA Europa League was the 47th season of Europe's secondary club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 9th season since it was renamed from the UEFA Cup to the UEFA Europa League.

The last game was played at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais in Décines-Charpieu, France. Atlético Madrid won against Marseille to win their third Europa League title.

As winners, Atlético Madrid played against the winners of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League, Real Madrid, in the 2018 UEFA Super Cup. They also automatically qualified for the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League group stage, but since they had already qualified through their league performance, the berth reserved was given to the third-placed team of the 2017–18 Ligue 1.

Manchester United qualified for the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League as winners of the Europa League. They were unable to defend their title as they qualified for the Champions League knockout phase.

The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round:

Notably two teams take part in the competition that are not playing in their national top division, Tirana (2nd tier) and Vaduz (representing Liechtenstein, playing in Swiss 2nd tier).


The schedule of the competition is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, unless stated otherwise).

Matches in the qualifying, play-off, and knockout rounds may also be played on Tuesdays or Wednesdays instead of the regular Thursdays due to scheduling conflicts.

The draw for the group stage was held on 25 August 2017, 13:00 CEST, at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco. The 48 teams were drawn into twelve groups of four, with the restriction that teams from the same association cannot be drawn against each other. For the draw, the teams were seeded into four pots based on their 2017 UEFA club coefficients.

In each group, teams played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The group winners and runners-up advanced to the round of 32, where they were joined by the eight third-placed teams of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League group stage. The matchdays were 14 September, 28 September, 19 October, 2 November, 23 November, and 7 December 2017.
Statistics do not include the qualifying rounds and play-off round.



Latchkey kid

A latchkey kid is a child who returns after school to a house empty of parents. The child's parents are both working. This situation was first seen during the Second World War. Men where drafted into the armed forces, and many women were working in factories or on the land. Later, as mothers began to work regularly, latchkey children became common again in the 1960s and following years. Libraries also found they had kids arrive for a couple of hours after school.

Effects on the children of this situation were mixed.


Seattle–Tacoma International Airport

Seattle–Tacoma International Airport , also called Sea–Tac Airport or Sea–Tac (), is the airport in SeaTac, Washington for Seattle, Washington. It is south of downtown Seattle. The airport is the biggest in the Pacific Northwest and has many airlines, like Alaska Airlines and Delta Air Lines. It has three runways and three terminals.


Pontiac's War

Pontiac's War (also known as Pontiac's Conspiracy or Pontiac's Rebellion) was an uprising of Native American tribes against British rule in America. A few tribes, mainly from the Great Lakes region, the Illinois Country, and Ohio Country started it in 1763. The cause of the war was that these tribes did not like British politics in the region. Warriors from other tribes joined the uprising to help get rid of the British soldiers and settlers. The war is named after the Odawa leader Pontiac, the most prominent of many native leaders in the conflict.

The British were one of the winners of the French and Indian War, which lasted from 1754 to 1763. As a result, large amounts of land in the region that had been controlled by the French were now controlled by the British. French and British politics were very different. 

The war began in May 1763 when Native Americans attacked many British forts and settlements. They attacked because they had been offended by the policies of Jeffrey Amherst, a British General. Eight forts were destroyed, and hundreds of colonists were killed or taken. Many people fled from the region. Hostilities came to an end after British Army expeditions in 1764 led to peace negotiations over the next two years. Native Americans were unable to drive away the British, but the uprising made the British government change the policies that started the conflict.

Warfare on the North American frontier was brutal. Prisoners were often killed, and civilians were often targeted. Other atrocities were widespread. Native Americans and British settlers had very little in common. In this conflict, this fact showed as ruthlessness and treachery. Contrary to popular belief, the British government did not issue the Royal Proclamation of 1763 in reaction to Pontiac's War. Because of the conflict, the Proclamation's Indian clauses were applied more often, though. This was unpopular with British colonists, and may have been one of the things that helped start the American Revolution.

The conflict is named after its most famous participant, the Odawa leader Pontiac. An early name for the war was the "Kiyasuta and Pontiac War". "Kiyasuta" is a different spelling for Guyasuta, an important Seneca/Mingo leader. The war became widely known as "Pontiac's Conspiracy" after Francis Parkman published a book named "The Conspiracy of Pontiac" in 1851. This book has been the definitive account of the war for nearly 100 years.

In the 20th century, some historians argued that Parkman exaggerated Pontiac's influence in the conflict, and that it was misleading to name the war after him. For example, in 1988 Francis Jennings wrote: "In Francis Parkman's murky mind the backwoods plots [came] from one savage genius, the Ottawa chief Pontiac, and [for this reason] they became 'The Conspiracy of Pontiac,' but Pontiac was only a local Ottawa war chief in a 'resistance' involving many tribes." Even though other names for the war have been proposed, "Pontiac's War" is probably the most commonly used. 

Before Pontiac's rebellion, there were wars in Europe which also had an influence on the French and Indian Wars in North America. The largest of these wars was the Seven Years' War. In this war, France lost New France in North America to Great Britain. The Shawnee and Lenape had also fought in this war. The Treaty of Easton was signed in 1758, and brought peace with these tribes. In the treaty, the British promised not to settle beyond the ridge of the Alleghenies. This line was confirmed in 1763, but few people respected it. Most fighting in the North American theater of the war, generally referred to as the French and Indian War in the United States, came to an end after British General Jeffrey Amherst captured Montreal, the last important French settlement, in 1760.

British troops then occupied the various forts in the Ohio Country and Great Lakes region previously held by the French. Even before the war officially ended with the Treaty of Paris (1763), the British Crown began changes to administer its vastly expanded North American territory. The politics of the French and the English were different. The French had made alliances with Native American tribes, and traded with them. After the war, these tribes were conquered people. Before long, Native Americans who had been allies of the defeated French were dissatisfied with the British occupation and the new policies imposed by the victors.

It is difficult to say who exactly took part in the rebellion. At the time, the region was known as "pays d'en haut" ("upper country"), but its borders were not defined exactly. Until the Paris peace treaty of 1763, it was claimed by France. Native Americans from many different tribes lived there. At the time, a "tribe" was a group of people who spoke the same language, or a group of people who belonged to the same family. It was not a political unit. No chief spoke for an entire tribe, and no tribe acted in unison. For example, Ottawas did not go to war as a tribe: some Ottawa leaders chose to do so, while other Ottawa leaders denounced the war and stayed clear of the conflict.

There were three basic groups of tribes. The first group was composed of tribes of the Great Lakes region: Ojibwe, Odawa, and Potawatomi, who spoke Algonquian languages; and the Huron, who spoke an Iroquoian language. They had long been allied with French "habitants". They lived among them, they traded with them, and marriages between French settlers and Native Americans were common. Great Lakes Native Americans were alarmed to learn that they were under British sovereignty after the French loss of North America. When a British garrison took possession of Fort Detroit from the French in 1760, local Native Americans cautioned them that "this country was given by God to the Indians."

The second group was made of the tribes from eastern Illinois Country: It included the Miami, Wea, Kickapoo, Mascouten, and Piankashaw. Like the Great Lakes tribes, these people had a long history of close trading and other relations with the French. Throughout the war, the British were unable to project military power into the Illinois Country, which was on the remote western edge of the conflict. The Illinois tribes were the last to come to terms with the British.

The third group was made of tribes of the Ohio Country: Delawares (Lenape), Shawnee, Wyandot, and Mingo. These people had migrated to the Ohio valley earlier in the century from the mid-Atlantic and other eastern areas. They did this to escape British, French, and Iroquois domination in the New York and Pennsylvania area. Unlike the Great Lakes and Illinois Country tribes, Ohio Native Americans had no great attachment to the French regime. They had fought as French allies in the previous war in an effort to drive away the British. They made a separate peace with the British with the understanding that the British Army would withdraw from the Ohio Country. But after the departure of the French, the British strengthened their forts in the region rather than abandoning them, and so the Ohioans went to war in 1763 in another attempt to drive out the British.

Outside the "pays d'en haut", most warriors of the influential Iroquois Confederacy did not participate in Pontiac's War because of their alliance with the British, known as the "Covenant Chain". However, the westernmost Iroquois nation, the Seneca tribe, had become disaffected with the alliance. As early as 1761, the Seneca began to send out war messages to the Great Lakes and Ohio Country tribes, urging them to unite in an attempt to drive out the British. When the war finally came in 1763, many Seneca were quick to take action.

General Amherst was the British commander-in-chief in North America. He was responsible for the treatment of Native Americans. This involved both military matters and the regulation of the fur trade. In Amherst's opinion, the Native Americans had to accept British rule, since the French were no longer in control of the territory. He also believed that they were incapable of resisting the British Army; therefore, of the 8,000 troops under his command in North America, only about 500 were stationed in the region where the war erupted. Amherst and officers such as Major Henry Gladwin, commander at Fort Detroit, made little effort to conceal their contempt for the Native Americans. Native Americans involved in the uprising frequently complained that the British treated them no better than slaves or dogs.

In February 1761, Amherst took the decision to offer fewer gifts to the Native Americans. With the French, the giving of gifts had been common, and part of the relationship between French and Native Americans. Amherst's decision led to more resentment towards the English. Following a Native American custom the exchange of gifts had an important symbolic meaning: the French gave presents (such as guns, knives, tobacco, and clothing) to village chiefs, who in turn redistributed these gifts to their people. By this process, the village chiefs gained stature among their people, and were able to maintain the alliance with the French. Amherst, however, considered this process to be a form of bribery that was no longer necessary, especially since he was under pressure to cut expenses after the war with France. Many Native Americans regarded this change in policy as an insult and an indication that the British looked upon them as conquered people rather than as allies.

Amherst also began to restrict the amount of ammunition and gunpowder that traders could sell to Native Americans. The French had always made these goods available. Amherst, however, did not trust the Native Americans, particularly after the "Cherokee Rebellion" of 1761. In this rebellion Cherokee warriors took up arms against their former British allies. The Cherokee war effort had collapsed because of a shortage of gunpowder. Amherst therefore hoped that future uprisings could be prevented by restricting the supply of gunpowder. This created resentment and hardship: Native American men needed gunpowder and ammunition, because it helped them with hunting. With gunpowder and ammunition, they had more game for their families and skins for the fur trade. Many Native Americans began to believe that the British were disarming them before starting war against them. Sir William Johnson, the Superintendent of the Indian Department, tried to warn Amherst of the dangers of cutting back on gifts and gunpowder, but he was not successful.

Land was an issue in the coming of the war. With the French, there were relatively few colonists. Most of the colonists were farmers, who also traded fur during the hunting season. In contrast, there were many British colonists. The British colonists wanted to clear the land of the trees and occupy it. Shawnees and Delawares in the Ohio Country had been displaced by British colonists in the east: This was the main reason for their involvement in the war. On the other hand, Native Americans in the Great Lakes region and the Illinois Country had not been greatly affected by white settlement. They were aware of the experiences of tribes in the east, though. Historian Gregory Dowd argues that most Native Americans involved in Pontiac's Rebellion were not immediately threatened with displacement by white settlers. Dowd argues that historians have therefore overemphasized British colonial expansion as a cause of the war. He believes that the presence, attitude, and policies of the British Army, which the Native Americans found threatening and insulting, were more important factors.

Another factor that led to the outbreak of the war was a religious awakening of the Native Americans in the region in the 1760s. Food shortages and epidemics, as well as discontent with the British fed the movement. The most influential person in this phenomenon was Neolin, known as the "Delaware Prophet". Neolin said, Native Americans should steer clear of the trade goods, alcohol, and weapons of the whites. Merging elements from Christianity into traditional religious beliefs, Neolin told listeners that the Master of Life was displeased with the Native Americans for taking up the bad habits of the white men, and that the British posed a threat to their very existence. "If you suffer the English among you," Neolin said, "you are dead men. Sickness, smallpox, and their poison [alcohol] will destroy you entirely." It was a powerful message for a people whose world was being changed by forces that seemed beyond their control.

Although fighting in Pontiac's Rebellion began in 1763, rumors reached British officials as early as 1761. According to these rumors, discontented Native Americans were planning an attack. Senecas of the Ohio Country (Mingos) circulated messages ("war belts" made of wampum) which called for the tribes to form a confederacy and drive away the British. The Mingos, led by Guyasuta and Tahaiadoris, were concerned about being surrounded by British forts. Similar war belts originated from Detroit and the Illinois Country. In June 1761, Native Americans at Detroit informed the British commander of the Seneca plot. After William Johnson held a large council with the tribes at Detroit in September 1761, peace was maintained, but war belts continued to circulate. Violence finally erupted after the Native Americans learned in early 1763 that the French would give the "pays d'en haut" to the British.

The war began at Fort Detroit under the leadership of Pontiac. It quickly spread throughout the region. Eight British forts were taken; others, including Fort Detroit and Fort Pitt, were unsuccessfully besieged. Francis Parkman's "The Conspiracy of Pontiac" portrayed these attacks as a coordinated operation planned by Pontiac. Other historians have since argued that there is no clear evidence that the attacks were part of a master plan or overall "conspiracy". The most common view is that, rather than being planned in advance, the uprising spread as word of Pontiac's actions at Detroit traveled throughout the "pays d'en haut", inspiring already discontented Native Americans to join the revolt. The attacks on British forts did not happen at the same time: most Ohio Native Americans did not enter the war until nearly a month after the beginning of Pontiac's siege at Detroit.

Parkman believed that Pontiac's War had been secretly instigated by French colonists who were stirring up the Native Americans in order to make trouble for the British. This belief was widely held by British officials at the time, but historians have found no evidence of official French involvement in the uprising. Rather than the French stirring up the Native Americans, some historians now argue that the Native Americans were trying to stir up the French. Pontiac and other native leaders frequently spoke about the fact that French power was about to return. When this happened, the Franco-Native alliance would be revived; Pontiac even flew a French flag in his village. All of this was apparently intended to inspire the French to rejoin the struggle against the British. Although some French colonists and traders supported the uprising, the war was initiated and conducted by Native Americans who had Native—not French—objectives.

Historian Richard Middleton (2007) argues that Pontiac's vision, courage, persistence, and organizational abilities allowed him to activate a remarkable coalition of Indian nations prepared to fight successfully against the British. The idea to gain independence for all Native Americans west of the Allegheny Mountains did not originate with Pontiac, but with two Seneca leaders, Tahaiadoris and Guyasuta. By February 1763 Pontiac appeared to agree. At an emergency council meeting, Pontiac clarified his military support of the broad Seneca plan and worked to motivate other nations to join the military operation that he helped lead. This was in direct contradiction to traditional Indian leadership and tribal structure. He achieved this coordination through the distribution of war belts: first to the northern Ojibwa and Ottawa near Michilimackinac; and then after the failure to seize Detroit by stratagem, to the Mingo (Seneca) on the upper Allegheny River, the Ohio Delaware near Fort Pitt, and the more westerly Miami, Kickapoo, Piankashaw and Wea peoples.

On April 27, 1763, Pontiac spoke at a council on the banks of the Ecorse River, in what is now Lincoln Park, Michigan, about 10 miles (15 km) southwest of Detroit. Using the teachings of Neolin, Pontiac convinced a number of Ottawas, Ojibwas, Potawatomis, and Hurons to join him in an attempt to seize Fort Detroit. On May 1, Pontiac visited the fort with 50 Ottawas in order to assess the strength of the garrison. According to a French chronicler, in a second council Pontiac proclaimed:It is important for us, my brothers, that we exterminate from our lands this nation which seeks only to destroy us. You see as well as I that we can no longer supply our needs, as we have done from our brothers, the French... Therefore, my brothers, we must all swear their destruction and wait no longer. Nothing prevents us; they are few in numbers, and we can accomplish it.Hoping to take the stronghold by surprise, on May 7 Pontiac entered Fort Detroit with about 300 men carrying concealed weapons. The British had learned of Pontiac's plan, however, and were armed and ready. As his tactic had not worked, Pontiac withdrew after a brief council. Two days later, he started a siege of the fort. Pontiac and his allies killed all of the British soldiers and settlers they could find outside of the fort, including women and children. One of the soldiers was ritually cannibalized, as was the custom in some Great Lakes Native cultures. The violence was directed at the British; French colonists were generally left alone. Eventually more than 900 soldiers from a half-dozen tribes joined the siege. Meanwhile, on May 28, a British supply from Fort Niagara led by Lieutenant Abraham Cuyler was ambushed and defeated at Point Pelee.

After receiving reinforcements, the British attempted to make a surprise attack on Pontiac's encampment. But Pontiac was ready and waiting, and defeated them at the Battle of Bloody Run on July 31, 1763. Nevertheless, the situation at Fort Detroit remained a stalemate. Pontiac's influence among his followers began to fade. Groups of Native Americans began to abandon the siege, some of them making peace with the British before departing. On October 31, 1763, finally convinced that the French in Illinois would not come to his aid at Detroit, Pontiac lifted the siege and removed to the Maumee River, where he continued his efforts to rally resistance against the British.

Before other British outposts had learned about Pontiac's siege at Detroit, Native Americans captured five small forts in a series of attacks between May 16 and June 2. The first to be taken was Fort Sandusky, a small blockhouse on the shore of Lake Erie. It had been built in 1761 by order of General Amherst, despite the objections of local Wyandots, who in 1762 warned the commander that they would soon burn it down. On May 16, 1763, a group of Wyandots gained entry under the pretense of holding a council, the same stratagem that had failed in Detroit nine days earlier. They seized the commander and killed the other 15 soldiers, as well as British traders at the fort. These were among the first of about 100 traders who were killed in the early stages of the war. The dead were ritually scalped and the fort—as the Wyandots had warned a year earlier—was burned to the ground.

Fort St. Joseph (the site of present-day Niles, Michigan) was captured on May 25, 1763, by the same method as at Sandusky. Potawatomis seized the commander and killed most of the 15-man garrison. Fort Miami (on the site of present Fort Wayne, Indiana) was the third fort to fall. On May 27, 1763, the commander was lured out of the fort by his Native mistress and shot dead by Miami Native Americans. The nine-man garrison surrendered after the fort was surrounded.

In the Illinois Country, , Kickapoos, and Mascoutens took Fort Ouiatenon (about west of present Lafayette, Indiana) on June 1, 1763. They lured soldiers outside for a council, and took the 20-man garrison captive without bloodshed. The Native Americans around Fort Ouiatenon had good relations with the British garrison, but emissaries from Pontiac at Detroit had convinced them to strike. The warriors apologized to the commander for taking the fort, saying that "they were obliged to do it by the other Nations." In contrast with other forts, the Natives did not kill the British captives at Ouiatenon.

The fifth fort to fall, Fort Michilimackinac (present Mackinaw City, Michigan), was the largest fort taken by surprise. On June 2, 1763, local Ojibwas staged a game of stickball (a forerunner of lacrosse) with visiting Sauks. The soldiers watched the game, as they had done on previous occasions. The ball was hit through the open gate of the fort; the teams rushed in and were given weapons which Native women had smuggled into the fort. The warriors killed about 15 of the 35-man garrison in the struggle; later they killed five more in ritual torture.

Three forts in the Ohio Country were taken in a second wave of attacks in mid-June. Iroquois Senecas took Fort Venango (near the site of the present Franklin, Pennsylvania) around June 16, 1763. They killed the entire 12-man garrison, keeping the commander alive to write down the grievances of the Senecas. After that, they ritually burned him at the stake. Possibly the same Seneca warriors attacked Fort Le Boeuf (on the site of Waterford, Pennsylvania) on June 18, but most of the 12-man garrison escaped to Fort Pitt.

On June 19, 1763, about 250 Ottawa, Ojibwa, Wyandot, and Seneca warriors surrounded Fort Presque Isle (on the site of Erie, Pennsylvania), the eighth and final fort to fall. After holding out for two days, the garrison of about 30 to 60 men surrendered, on the condition that they could return to Fort Pitt. The warriors killed most of the soldiers after they came out of the fort.

Colonists in western Pennsylvania fled to the safety of Fort Pitt after the outbreak of the war. Nearly 550 people crowded inside, including more than 200 women and children. Simeon Ecuyer, the Swiss-born British officer in command, wrote: "We are so crowded in the fort that I fear disease...; the smallpox is among us." Fort Pitt was attacked on June 22, 1763, primarily by Delawares. The fort was too strong to be taken by force. A siege was organized, which lasted during the month of July. In the meantime, war parties raided deep into Pennsylvania, taking prisoners and killing unknown numbers of settlers in scattered farms. Too strong to be taken by force, the fort was kept under siege throughout July. Two smaller strongholds that linked Fort Pitt to the east, Fort Bedford and Fort Ligonier, were fired upon throughout the conflict, but were never taken.

Before the war, Amherst did not believe that the Native Americans would offer any effective resistance to British rule. During that summer, he was convinced of the contrary. He ordered to "immediately ... put to death" captured enemy Native American warriors. To Colonel Henry Bouquet at Lancaster, Pennsylvania, who was preparing to lead an expedition to relieve Fort Pitt, Amherst wrote on about June 29, 1763: "Could it not be contrived to send the smallpox among the disaffected tribes of Indians? We must on this occasion use every stratagem in our power to reduce them." Bouquet responded to Amherst (summer of 1763):

"P.S. I will try to inocculate [sic] the Indians by means of Blankets that may fall in their hands, taking care however not to get the disease myself. As it is pity to oppose good men against them, I wish we could make use of the Spaniard's Method, and hunt them with English Dogs. Supported by Rangers, and some Light Horse, who would I think effectively extirpate or remove that Vermine."

Amherst replied:

"P.S. You will Do well to try to Innoculate [sic] the Indians by means of Blankets, as well as to try Every other method that can serve to Extirpate this Execrable Race. I should be very glad your Scheme for Hunting them Down by Dogs could take Effect, but England is at too great a Distance to think of that at present."

Officers at the besieged Fort Pitt had already attempted to do what Amherst and Bouquet were discussing. During a parley at Fort Pitt on June 24, 1763, Ecuyer gave Delaware representatives, Turtleheart and Mamaltee, two blankets and a handkerchief that had been exposed to smallpox, hoping to spread the disease to the Native Americans in order to "extirpate" them from the territory. William Trent, the militia commander, left records that showed the purpose of giving the blankets was "to Convey the Smallpox to the Indians." Turtleheart and Killbuck would later represent the Delaware at the Treaty of Fort Stanwix in 1768.

On July 22, Trent writes, "Gray Eyes, Wingenum, Turtle's Heart and Mamaultee, came over the River told us their Chiefs were in Council, that they waited for Custaluga who they expected that Day". There are eyewitness reports that outbreaks of smallpox and other diseases had plagued the Ohio Native Americans in the years before the siege of Fort Pitt. Colonists also caught smallpox from Native Americans at a peace conference in 1759 which then led to an epidemic in Charleston and the surrounding areas in South Carolina.

Historians cannot agree how much damage the attempt to spread smallpox at Fort Pitt caused. Historian Francis Jennings concluded that the attempt was "unquestionably successful and effective" and inflicted great damage to the Native Americans. Historian Michael McConnell writes that, "Ironically, British efforts to use pestilence as a weapon may not have been either necessary or particularly effective", noting that smallpox was already entering the territory by several means, and Native Americans were familiar with the disease and good at isolating the infected. Historians widely agree that smallpox devastated the Native American population. It is estimated that 400,000–500,000 (possibly up to 1.5 million) Native Americans died during and years after the Pontiac's War, mostly from smallpox,

On August 1, 1763, most of the Native Americans broke off the siege at Fort Pitt in order to intercept 500 British troops marching to the fort under Colonel Bouquet. On August 5, these two forces met at the Battle of Bushy Run. Although his force suffered heavy casualties, Bouquet fought off the attack and relieved Fort Pitt on August 20, bringing the siege to an end. His victory at Bushy Run was celebrated in the British colonies—church bells rang through the night in Philadelphia—and praised by King George.

This victory was soon followed by a costly defeat. Fort Niagara, one of the most important western forts, was not assaulted, but on September 14, 1763, at least 300 Senecas, Ottawas, and Ojibwas attacked a supply train along the Niagara Falls portage. Two companies sent from Fort Niagara to rescue the supply train were also defeated. More than 70 soldiers and teamsters were killed in these actions, which Anglo-Americans called the "Devil's Hole Massacre", the deadliest engagement for British soldiers during the war.

The violence and terror of Pontiac's War convinced many western Pennsylvanians that their government was not doing enough to protect them. This discontent was manifested most seriously in an uprising led by a vigilante group that came to be known as the Paxton Boys. They had this name because they were primarily from the area around the Pennsylvania village of Paxton (or Paxtang). The Paxtonians turned their anger towards Native Americans—many of them Christians—who lived peacefully in small enclaves in the midst of white Pennsylvania settlements. Prompted by rumors that a Native war party had been seen at the Native village of Conestoga, on December 14, 1763, a group of more than 50 Paxton Boys marched on the village and murdered the six Susquehannocks they found there. Pennsylvania officials placed the remaining 16 Susquehannocks in protective custody in Lancaster, but on December 27 the Paxton Boys broke into the jail and slaughtered most of them. Governor John Penn issued bounties for the arrest of the murderers, but no one came forward to identify them.

The Paxton Boys then set their sights on other Native Americans living within eastern Pennsylvania, many of whom fled to Philadelphia for protection. Several hundred Paxtonians marched on Philadelphia in January 1764, where the presence of British troops and Philadelphia militia prevented them from committing more violence. Benjamin Franklin, who had helped organize the local militia, negotiated with the Paxton leaders and brought an end to the immediate crisis. Franklin published a scathing indictment of the Paxton Boys. "If an "Indian" injures me," he asked, "does it follow that I may revenge that Injury on all "Indians"?" One leader of the Paxton Boys was Lazarus Stewart who would be killed in the Wyoming Massacre of 1778.

In spring and summer of 11764, there were more Native American raids on frontier settlements than usual. The hardest hit colony that year was Virginia. In July, four Delaware Indian soldiers killed and scalped a school teacher and ten children in what is now Franklin County, Pennsylvania. Incidents such as these prompted the Pennsylvania Assembly, with the approval of Governor Penn, to reintroduce the scalp bounties offered during the French and Indian War: money was paid for every Native killed above the age of ten, including women.

The Board of Trade held General Amherst responsible for the uprising. As a consequence, he was recalled to London in August 1763. Major General Thomas Gage replaced him. In 1764, Gage sent two expeditions into the west to crush the rebellion, rescue British prisoners, and arrest the Native Americans responsible for the war. According to historian Fred Anderson, Gage's campaign, which had been designed by Amherst, prolonged the war for more than a year because it focused on punishing the Native Americans rather than ending the war. Gage's one significant departure from Amherst's plan was to allow William Johnson to conduct a peace treaty at Niagara, giving those Native Americans who were ready to "bury the hatchet" a chance to do so.

From July to August 1764, Johnson negotiated a treaty at Fort Niagara. About 2,000 Native Americans were present, primarily Iroquois. Although most Iroquois had stayed out of the war, Senecas from the Genesee River valley had taken up arms against the British, and Johnson worked to bring them back into the Covenant Chain alliance. As restitution for the Devil's Hole ambush, the Senecas were compelled to cede the strategically important Niagara portage to the British. Johnson even convinced the Iroquois to send a war party against the Ohio Native Americans. This Iroquois expedition captured a number of Delawares and destroyed abandoned Delaware and Shawnee towns in the Susquehanna Valley, but otherwise the Iroquois did not contribute to the war effort as much as Johnson had wanted.

After they had secured the area around Fort Niagara, the British launched two military expeditions into the west. The first expedition, led by Colonel John Bradstreet, was to travel by boat across Lake Erie and reinforce Detroit. Bradstreet was to subdue the Native Americans around Detroit before marching south into the Ohio Country. The second expedition, commanded by Colonel Bouquet, was to march west from Fort Pitt and form a second front in the Ohio Country.

Bradstreet set out from Fort Schlosser in early August 1764 with about 1,200 soldiers and a large contingent of Native allies enlisted by Sir William Johnson. Bradstreet felt that he did not have enough troops to subdue enemy Native Americans by force. When strong winds on Lake Erie forced him to stop at Presque Isle on August 12, he decided to negotiate a treaty with a delegation of Ohio Native Americans led by Guyasuta instead. Bradstreet exceeded his authority by conducting a peace treaty rather than a simple truce, and by agreeing to halt Bouquet's expedition, which had not yet left Fort Pitt. Gage, Johnson, and Bouquet were outraged when they learned what Bradstreet had done. Gage rejected the treaty, believing that Bradstreet had been convinced to abandoning his offensive in the Ohio Country. Gage may have been correct: the Ohio Native Americans did not return prisoners as promised in a second meeting with Bradstreet in September, and some Shawnees were trying to enlist French aid in order to continue the war.

Bradstreet continued westward. He did not know yet that his unauthorized diplomacy was angering his superiors. He reached Fort Detroit on August 26, where he negotiated another treaty. In an attempt to discredit Pontiac, who was not present, Bradstreet chopped up a peace belt the Ottawa leader had sent to the meeting. According to historian Richard White, "such an act, roughly equivalent to a European ambassador's urinating on a proposed treaty, had shocked and offended the gathered Indians." Bradstreet also claimed that the Native Americans had accepted British sovereignty as a result of his negotiations, but Johnson believed that this had not been fully explained to the Native Americans and that further councils would be needed. Although Bradstreet had successfully reinforced and reoccupied British forts in the region, his diplomacy proved to be controversial and inconclusive.

Colonel Bouquet was delayed in Pennsylvania while mustering the militia. He finally set out from Fort Pitt on October 3, 1764, with 1,150 men. He marched to the Muskingum River in the Ohio Country, within striking distance of a number of native villages. Now that treaties had been negotiated at Fort Niagara and Fort Detroit, the Ohio Native Americans were isolated and, with some exceptions, ready to make peace. In a council which began on October 17, Bouquet demanded that the Ohio Native Americans return all captives, including those not yet returned from the French and Indian War. Guyasuta and other leaders reluctantly handed over more than 200 captives, many of whom had been adopted into Native families. Because not all of the captives were present, the Native Americans were compelled to surrender hostages as a guarantee that the other captives would be returned. The Ohio Native Americans agreed to attend a more formal peace conference with William Johnson, which was finalized in July 1765.

The military conflict essentially ended with the 1764 expeditions. Some Native Americans still called for resistance in the Illinois Country, where British troops had yet to take possession of Fort de Chartres from the French. A Shawnee war chief named Charlot Kaské emerged as the most strident anti-British leader in the region, temporarily surpassing Pontiac in influence. Kaské traveled as far south as New Orleans in an effort to enlist French aid against the British.

In 1765, the British decided that the occupation of the Illinois Country could only be accomplished by diplomatic means. As Gage commented to one of his officers, he was determined to have "none our enemy" among the Indian peoples, and that included Pontiac, to whom he now sent a wampum belt suggesting peace talks. Pontiac had by now become less militant after hearing of Bouquet's truce with the Ohio country Native Americans. Johnson's deputy, George Croghan, travelled to the Illinois country in the summer of 1765. Even though he was injured along the way in an attack by Kickapoos and Mascoutens, he managed to meet and negotiate with Pontiac. While Charlot Kaské wanted to burn Croghan at the stake, Pontiac urged moderation and agreed to travel to New York, where he made a formal treaty with William Johnson at Fort Ontario on July 25, 1766. It was hardly a surrender: no lands were ceded, no prisoners returned, and no hostages were taken. Rather than accept British sovereignty, Kaské left British territory by crossing the Mississippi River with other French and Native refugees.

The total loss of life resulting from Pontiac's War is unknown. About 400 British soldiers were killed in action and perhaps 50 were captured and tortured to death. George Croghan estimated that 2,000 settlers had been killed or captured, a figure sometimes repeated as 2,000 settlers "killed". The violence compelled approximately 4,000 settlers from Pennsylvania and Virginia to flee from their homes. Native American losses went mostly unrecorded.

Pontiac's War has traditionally been portrayed as a defeat for the Native Americans. Scholars now usually view it as a military stalemate: while the Native Americans had failed to drive away the British, the British were unable to conquer the Native Americans. Negotiation and accommodation, rather than success on the battlefield, ultimately brought an end to the war. The Native Americans had in fact won a victory of sorts: They forced the British government to abandon Amherst's policies and instead create a relationship with the Native Americans modelled on the Franco-Native alliance.

Relations between British colonists and Native Americans, which had been severely strained during the French and Indian War, reached a new low during Pontiac's Rebellion. According to historian David Dixon, "Pontiac's War was unprecedented for its awful violence, as both sides seemed intoxicated with genocidal fanaticism." Historian Daniel Richter characterizes the Native attempt to drive out the British, and the effort of the Paxton Boys to eliminate Native Americans from their midst, as parallel examples of ethnic cleansing. People on both sides of the conflict had come to the conclusion that colonists and Native Americans were inherently different and could not live with each other. According to Richter, the war saw the emergence of "the novel idea that all Native people were 'Indians,' that all Euro-Americans were 'Whites,' and that all on one side must unite to destroy the other."

The British government also came to the conclusion that colonists and Native Americans must be kept apart. On October 7, 1763, the Crown issued the Royal Proclamation of 1763, an effort to reorganize British North America after the Treaty of Paris. The Proclamation had already been worked on when Pontiac's War erupted. It was hurriedly issued after news of the uprising reached London. Officials drew a boundary line between the British colonies along the seaboard, and Native American lands west of the Allegheny Ridge (i.e., the Eastern Divide). This created a vast 'Indian Reserve' that stretched from the Alleghenies to the Mississippi River and from Florida to Quebec. It also confirmed the demarcation line that had been set before the war by the Treaty of Easton in 1758. By forbidding colonists from trespassing on Native lands, the British government hoped to avoid more conflicts like Pontiac's Rebellion. "The Royal Proclamation," writes historian Colin Calloway, "reflected the notion that segregation not interaction should characterize Indian-white relations."

The effects of Pontiac's War lasted for a long time. Because the Proclamation officially recognized that indigenous people had certain rights to the lands they occupied, it has been called the Native Americans' "Bill of Rights", and still informs the relationship between the Canadian government and First Nations. For British colonists and land speculators, however, the Proclamation seemed to deny them the fruits of victory—western lands—that had been won in the war with France. The resentment which this created undermined colonial attachment to the Empire. It also contributed to the coming of the American Revolution. According to Colin Calloway, "Pontiac's Revolt was not the last American war for independence—American colonists launched a rather more successful effort a dozen years later, prompted in part by the measures the British government took to try to prevent another war like Pontiac's."

For Native Americans, Pontiac's War demonstrated the possibilities of cooperation between tribes for resisting colonial expansion. Although the conflict divided tribes and villages, the war also saw the first extensive multi-tribal resistance to European colonization in North America, and was the first war between Europeans and Native North Americans that did not end in complete defeat for the Native Americans. The Proclamation of 1763 ultimately did not prevent British colonists and land speculators from expanding westward, and so Native Americans found it necessary to form new resistance movements. Beginning with conferences hosted by Shawnees in 1767, in the following decades leaders such as Joseph Brant, Alexander McGillivray, Blue Jacket, and Tecumseh would attempt to forge confederacies that would revive the resistance efforts of Pontiac's War.



Google Assistant

Google Assistant is an artificial intelligence virtual assistant. It is developed by Google. It can be used on many devices, on mobile devices, like smartphones, tablets, and laptops. It can also be used in smart home devices. 

It encompasses a wide variety of different tasks, such as rolling dice, reading reminders, Mad Libs, Lucky Trivia (includes a sports version), Snake, a geography quiz, and many more. It can also look up different songs.

If one says, "Ok Google", "Hey Google", "Google" etc., it responses as, "Hi, how can I help?"

Google Assistant can help one to show results with voice searching.

In navigation, Google Assistant can help. For example, when one says, "I'm hungry", "Restaurants nearby" etc., Assistant will show restaurants near their home. It can also help with telling the shortest distance between the location and the destination.

If one says, "I'm bored", Assistant can show them interesting facts, jokes, riddles etc. to make them free from .

The Google Assistant has a variety of games to choose from. One of them is Crystal Ball on which the voice will be more softly speaking and the voice will ask the player to ask a "yes or no question". Once the player has given the question, the soothing female voice will give the player an answer. The assistant also has a game called Lucky Trivia where the voice pretends to be a gameshow host. The player has to try and answer all five questions to win the game. In the United States, United Kingdom and Australia, the voices in the Crystal Ball and Lucky Trivia are high quality and were recorded by voice actors. Another game that can be played in the US is Mad Libs which is a word association game.


Deaths in June 2018

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in June 2018. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.


































Michel Stolker

Michel Stolker (29 September 1933 – 28 May 2018) was a Dutch former professional racing cyclist. He rode in three editions of the Tour de France. He was born in Utrecht, Netherlands.

Stolker died on 28 May 2018 in Etten Leur at the age of 84.

Jan Janssen

Johannes Adrianus "Jan" Janssen (; born 19 May 1940) is a Dutch former professional cyclist (1962–1972). He was world champion and winner of the Tour de France and the Vuelta a España. He was born in Nootdorp, South Holland.

He was the first Dutch rider to win the Tour de France and the first to win the Vuelta a España. He rode the Tour de France eight times and finished all but the first time. He competed in the individual road race at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Navy Goal 2030

Forces Goal 2030 is an ongoing modernization program for the Bangladesh Navy. The goal includes increasing personnel, warships, and aircraft to transform the Navy into a three-dimensional force. The requirement for the program was first identified in 2009.

The main objective of the Navy Goal 2030 is to develop a self-reliable naval force. Since the implementation of the modernization program, Bangladesh navy has increased its naval fleet. There is also a naval air force. During the first phase of the program, Bangladesh Navy added over twenty-five ships to its fleet, including submarines, frigates, and corvettes. 

In 2017, The Navy officially announced the establishment of indigenous frigate and corvette programs. To implement the programs, the navy expanded Khulna Shipyard and Dockyard and Engineering Works Limited.

2017–18 UEFA Europa League group stage

The 2017–18 UEFA Europa League group stage began on 14 September and ended on 7 December 2017. A total of 48 teams competed in the group stage to decide 24 of the 32 places in the knockout stage of the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League.

Below are the teams that were participating in the tournament (with their 2017 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their seeding pot. They included 16 teams which entered in this stage, the 22 winners of the play-off round, and the 10 losers of the Champions League play-off round (5 in Champions Route, 5 in League Route).


In each group, teams played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The group winners and runners-up advanced to the round of 32, where they were joined by the eight third-placed teams of the Champions League group stage.

<section begin=Tiebreakers />
Teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss), and if tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria were applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings (Regulations Articles 16.01):


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Hosny Abd Rabo

Hosny Abd Rabo Abdel Mottaleb Ibrahim (; born 1 November 1984 in Ismaïlia) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays as a defensive midfielder for Ismaily Sporting Club. He plays for Egypt national football team and won 2008 African Nations Cup with the team. He was also chosen as "Player of the Tournament".





Nidda (river)

The Nidda is a river in Hesse, Germany which has a length of nearly 90 kilometers. It starts in the Vogelsberg and ends at the Wörthspitze between the two districts Höchst and Nied of Frankfurt into the Main.

Sando Gali

Sando Gali is a village in Pakistan. It is about 25 km from Abbottabad.

Mohamed El-Shenawy

Mohamed El Shenawy (; born 18 December 1988) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays for Al Ahly in the Egyptian Premier League.

In May 2018, he was chosen in Egypt’s squad for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.

Chuang Chih-yuan

Chuang Chih-Yuan (born April 2, 1981 in Kaohsiung, Taiwan) is a male table tennis player who competed at the 2012 Olympics in London. He is since 2012 the best Taiwanese table tennis player. He is a righthanded-player and uses the European Shakehand-grip. Chuang (family name) played for a short time in the German national league. 2013 he won the World Championships in the doubles.

Chuang began to play table tennis very early because his parents and his older brother played. At the age of eight he had his first appearances in the Mini-championships in Taiwan. As the parents saw the talent of their son, Chuang got a coach and his parents trained him, too. 1993 Chuang travelled to the table tennis capital - China. This moving was no easy decision for his mother Li Gumei. At that time the family Chuang wasn't very rich. Chuang had to train in very hot gyms and sportclubs. The work had success: In 1998 he got to the Taiwanese National team.

After getting in the National team he played his first World Tour tournament. At the Austrian Open he reached the quarterfinals in the singles and doubles and made headlines. In 1999 he was nominated by coaches and players to come to Germany. The hard times for mother and son went on. It was difficult for Chuang to be a friend of German table tennis players because he doesn't speak German. He had no assistant for matches or in the training, so he had no coach. But he was very diligent and became very soon the best player in Germany. In 2002 he came back to Taiwan.

At several World Tour events he reached the final. In the Asian Games he beat Kong Linghui. In the final he lost to Wang Liqin. At the Grand Finals at the end of the year 2002 he won his first singles title. He beat again Kong Linghui. In the quarterfinals he beat Jean-Michel Saive. Then he beat the Chinese top star Wang Hao and the Austrian table tennis player Werner Schlager. This was his first international single title. Already in 2002 he was the best Taiwanese table tennis player. In 2003 he climbed from place 40 in the world rankings to place 7. His mother was very proud and trained very hard with him, too. She's a very important coach of him. In 2003 he played his first World Championships but lost in the Round of 16 to Joo Se-hyuk. In the doubles he lost, too. Chuang played more international events but he didn't win. In this year he won World Tour Brasilia Open. 2011 in Chile and 2012 in Spain he won these tournaments, too. At the London 2012 Olympics he beat in the quarterfinals Adrian Crișan and reached the semi finals- the fourth place was his for sure. In a spectacular match against China's Wang Hao he lost 2:4. At the bronze medal match he had the chance to win. In a very important match for Chuang he lost 2:4 too and got the fourth place. With the team he got place 5-9. Despite these losses it was Chuang's best placement at Olympics. In 2013 he took part in the World Championships, where he got his best position ever- the quarterfinals. In the doubles he reached the 1st place after beating a Chinese duo in the final. This was the first gold for Taiwan. At the World Cups from (2004-2015) he reached the quarterfinals six times . 2014 he won bronze with the Taiwanese team at the WTTC. At the Pro Tour Grand Finals he only reached the quarterfinals. At the WTTC 2015 he lost in his first match against Ádám Pattantyús. At the World Cup, where he played for the 7th time, he reached the quarterfinals again. At the Pro Tour Grand Finals (today World Tour Grand Finals) he didn't reach the final and slipped to place 14 in the world rankings. At the WTTC 2016 the team of Taiwan was only in 17th place. At the Olympics 2016 Chuang lost in a strong match against Ma Long and became a place from 1-32. In this year he was dated from Chen Chien-An and was from that moment not the best Taiwanese table tennis player. At Asian Games and World Cups he fell back to place 34. But through reaching Round 16 at the WTTC 2017 in Düsseldorf he climbed back to place 7.





Hemet, California

Hemet is a city in the San Jacinto Valley in Riverside County, California. It covers a total area of , about half of the valley, which it shares with the neighboring city of San Jacinto. The population was 89,833 at the 2020 census.


Julian Sands

Julian Richard Morley Sands (4 January 1958 – ) was an English actor. He was known for his roles in movies including "The Killing Fields", "A Room with a View", "Warlock", "Arachnophobia", and "Vatel". He was known for his roles in television series, including Vladimir Bierko in "24", and Jor-El in "Smallville".

Sands was reported missing while hiking in Mount San Antonio (Mount Baldy) in the San Gabriel Mountains, near Los Angeles, California on January 13, 2023. On 24 June 2023, human remains were discovered in the area he had been visiting. Three days later, the remains were positively identified as belonging to Sands.

Sands was friends with actresses Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox and singer Kelly Clarkson.

Colobops

Colobops is a genus of reptile from the Late Triassic of Connecticut. It was named as a distinct species in 2018.

Deinocheiridae

Deinocheiridae is a family of ornithomimosaurian dinosaurs. The family was originally named by Halszka Osmólska and Roniewicz in 1970, including only the type genus "Deinocheirus". In a 2014 study by Yuong-Nam Lee and others published in the journal "Nature", it was found that Deinocheiridae was a valid family.

Dinesh D'Souza

Dinesh Joseph D'Souza (; born April 25, 1961) is an Indian-American conservative political commentator, author, and filmmaker. From 2010 to 2012, he was president of The King's College, a Christian school in New York City.

On May 20, 2014, D'Souza pleaded guilty in federal court to one charge of using a "straw donor" to make an illegal campaign contribution to a 2012 United States Senate campaign, a felony. On September 23, he was sentenced to eight months in a halfway house near his home in San Diego, five years probation, and a $30,000 fine. On May 31, 2018, D'Souza was issued a full pardon by President Donald Trump.


Irvington, New York

Irvington, sometimes known as Irvington-on-Hudson, is an rich suburban village in the town of Greenburgh in Westchester County, New York, United States.

It is located on the eastern bank of the Hudson River, north of midtown Manhattan in New York City, and is served by a station stop on the Metro-North Hudson Line.

To the north of Irvington is the village of Tarrytown, to the south the village of Dobbs Ferry, and to the east unincorporated parts of Greenburgh, including East Irvington. Irvington includes within its boundaries the community of Ardsley-on-Hudson, which has its own ZIP code and Metro-North station, but which should not be confused with the nearby village of Ardsley, New York.

The population of Irvington at the 2020 census was 6,652.

Dobbs Ferry, New York

Dobbs Ferry is a village in Westchester County, New York. The population was 11,541 according to the 2020 census. The Village of Dobbs Ferry is located in, and is a part of, the town of Greenburgh.

Greenburgh, New York

Greenburgh is a town in the western part of Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 95,397 at the 2020 census.

Harrison Schmitt

Dr. Harrison Hagan "Jack" Schmitt (born July 3, 1935) is an American geologist, retired NASA astronaut, university professor, former U.S. senator from New Mexico. He is the most recent living person to have walked on the Moon. As of 2023, he is also the last living crew member of Apollo 17.

Schmitt resigned from NASA in August 1975 in order to run for election to the United States Senate as a member from New Mexico. He ran as a Republican. He won his election in 1976, and he was a senator for six years, but he lost his re-election campaign in 1982.


Charles Duke

Charles Moss "Charlie" Duke Jr. (born October 3, 1935), (Brig Gen, USAF, Ret.), is an American former astronaut, retired U.S. Air Force officer and test pilot. As Lunar Module Pilot for Apollo 16 in 1972, he became the tenth and youngest person to walk on the Moon.

Duke is the last surviving crew member of Apollo 16. 

He is a former test pilot, Duke has logged 4,147 hours flying time, which includes 3,632 hours in jet aircraft; and 265 hours in space, plus 20 hours and 15 minutes of extravehicular activity.


Jürgen Prochnow

Jürgen Prochnow ( ; born 10 June 1941) is a German-American actor. His best-known roles are: the U-Boat captain in "Das Boot" (1981), Duke Leto Atreides in "Dune" (1984), the minor but important role of Kazakh dictator General Ivan Radek in "Air Force One" (1997), and the antagonist Maxwell Dent in "Beverly Hills Cop II" (1987).


Stuyvesant High School

Stuyvesant High School is a high school in New York City.

Michael D. Ford

Michael Dickins Ford (1928 – 31 May 2018) was an English movie art director and set decorator.

In 1982, Ford was a co-recipient of the Academy Award for Best Art Direction for his work as set decorator to "Raiders of the Lost Ark" (1981). Before, he had a nomination for "The Empire Strikes Back" (1980) and followed by nominations for "Return of the Jedi" (1983) and "Empire of the Sun" (1987). He won his second Academy Award in 1998 for his work on "Titanic" (1997).

Ford died on 31 May 2018 at the age of 90.

Aníbal Quijano

Aníbal Quijano (17 November 1928–31 May 2018) was a Peruvian sociologist and humanist thinker. He was born in Yungay, Peru. He was known for having developed the concept of "coloniality of power". His body of work has been influential in the fields of decolonial studies and critical theory.

Quijano died on 31 May 2018 at the age of 90.

Royalty payment

A royalty is a payment made to someone for the use of something, an asset, that they have created or own. For example a musician who writes a song is paid a royalty each time the song is played on the radio, or each time another musician plays the song. The owner can allow other people to use their asset by paying a license or a franchise. The amount paid is usually a percentage of the all the money made from using the asset, the gross, or from the just the profit, the net. Another way is to set a fixed price, for example a set amount for each book or recording. There are many other ways that the royalty fee can be calculated and paid. A royalty interest is the right to collect a stream of future royalty payments.

A license agreement defines the terms for these payments. The agreement can also set conditions for how, where and when an asset can be used. License agreements can also be regulated. A government of a country might receive royalty payments for mining, or extracting oil, and would protect its interest in the agreement with laws.

Barbara Nawrocka-Dońska

Barbara Nawrocka-Dońska (17 October 1924 – 15 May 2018) was a Polish prose writer, feminist essayist and journalist. She was born in Warsaw. She served as a soldier of the Home Army and took part in the Warsaw Uprising as a nurse during World War II. Nawrocka-Dońska published 28 books, including 5 book editions of foreign reportages. She also wrote in the women's press, including in "Zwierciadło".

Nawrocka-Dońska died on 15 May 2018 in Warsaw at the age of 93.

Tom Murphy (playwright)

Tom Murphy (23 February 1935 – 15 May 2018) was an Irish playwright. He worked closely with the Abbey Theatre in Dublin and with Druid Theatre, Galway. He was born in County Galway, Ireland and later lived in Dublin.

Murphy's first successful play, "A Whistle in the Dark", was performed at the Theatre Royal Stratford East in London in 1961. It was very controversial. He also wrote "The Sanctuary Lamp", "Famine", "The Gigli Concert", and "Conversations on a Homecoming". He wrote one novel, "The Seduction of Morality" (1994).

Murphy died on 15 May 2018 in Dublin at the age of 83. President Michael D. Higgins said: “The importance of Tom Murphy’s contribution to Irish theatre is immeasurable and outstanding. We have had no greater use of language for the stage than in the body of work produced by Tom Murphy since his earliest work in the 1960s.”


Mohamed Abdel-Shafy

Mohamed Abdel-Shafy (; born on 1 July 1985) is an Egyptian footballer. He plays as a left-back for Zamalek SC. He also plays for the Egypt national team.

Zamalek

Al Ahli

Egypt

Karim-Mohamed Maamoun

Karim-Mohamed Maamoun (born 9 April 1991 in Cairo) is an Egyptian tennis player. The highest ATP ranking Maamoun achieved was 225, he achieved it on 2 October 2017. Maamoun has played at the Davis Cup, He won in 15 matches and lost in 4.


Laurie Hernandez

Lauren Zoe "Laurie" Hernandez (born June 9, 2000) is an American artistic gymnast and actress. She competed as a member of the U.S. women's gymnastics team at the 2016 Summer Olympics, winning gold in the team event and silver on the balance beam.

In 2016, Hernandez won season 23 of "Dancing with the Stars" with partner Val Chmerkovskiy.

In 2017, Hernandez was on an episode of "Stuck In The Middle" and "Sesame Street".

Nicole Leach

Nicolle Rochelle (born May 10, 1979), often credited professionally as Nicole Leach (especially early in her career), is an American actress, dancer, activist and jazz singer. She is known for her appearances on television including "The Cosby Show", "Third Watch", and "Law & Order".

On Monday April 9, 2018, Rochelle was arrested for protesting comedian Bill Cosby while topless outside a Norristown, Pennsylvania courthouse where a sexual assault trial against Cosby was being held.

Shikabala

Mahmoud Abdel Razek Fadlallah (; born 5 March 1986), or Shikabala () is an Egyptian footballer. He plays for Al-Raed FC on loan from Zamalek. 






Pelecanimimus

Pelecanimimus (meaning "pelican mimic") is a primitive theropod dinosaur from Spain. It is notable for possessing more teeth than any other member of the Ornithomimosauria (or any other theropod), most of which were toothless.

Ibrahim Salah

Ibrahim Salah Abdel-Fattah (; born on April 1, 1987) is an Egyptian football midfielder. He plays for El Mokawloon SC.

Valchava

Valchava is a village and former municipality in the Val Müstair of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. In 2009, Valchava merged into the municipality of Val Müstair.

Val Müstair

Val Müstair is a municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

It was formed on 1 January 2009 through the merger of Tschierv, Fuldera, Lü, Valchava, Santa Maria Val Müstair and Müstair.

Simon de Montfort

Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester (23 May 1208 – 4 August 1265) was a Franco-English nobleman. He inherited the title and estates of the earldom of Leicester in England. He led a rebellion against King Henry III of England during the Second Barons' War of 1263–64. He became the "de facto" ruler of England.

During his rule, Montfort called two famous parliaments. The first, the Oxford Parliament of 1258), stripped the King of his unlimited authority. The second parliament was in 1265. Its first meeting was in the Palace of Westminster. In it, de Montfort included ordinary citizens from the towns. For this reason, de Montfort is seen as one of the builders of modern parliamentary democracy.

As Earl of Leicester he expelled Jews from the city. When he became ruler of England he cancelled debts owed to Jews. The Jews' records were violently seized. In London and Worcester this policy led to led to massacres. After ruling for just over a year, Montfort was killed by forces loyal to the King in the Battle of Evesham.

Richard Thompson (cartoonist)

Richard Church Thompson (October 8, 1957 – July 27, 2016) was an American illustrator and cartoonist. He was best known for his syndicated comic strip "Cul de Sac" and the illustrated poem "Make the Pie Higher". He was given the Reuben Award for Outstanding Cartoonist of the Year for 2010.

Thompson died on July 27, 2016, from complications of Parkinson's disease, aged 58.

Mohamed Khan

Mohamed Hamed Hassan Khan (  ; 26 October 1942 – 26 July 2016) was an Egyptian-British actor, director 
and screenwriter. He was a well-known member of the "1980s generation" in Egyptian cinema, along with directors such as Khairy Beshara, Daoud Abdel Sayed, Atef El-Tayeb, and Yousry Nasrallah. His 1983 movie "The Street Player" was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival. He was known for directing "Ayyam El Sadat", "Mr Karate" and "Before the Summer Crowds".

Khan died on 26 July 2016 at the age of 73.

La Quinta, California

La Quinta is a resort city in Riverside County, California, United States. It is in the Coachella Valley between Indian Wells and Indio. The population was 37,558 at the 2020 census.


Mohamed Safwat

Mohamed Safwat (; born 19 September 1990) is an Egyptian tennis player. He is the Egyptian Number 1, and the second-highest ranked Arab player behind Malek Jaziri.


Temecula, California

Temecula is a city in southwestern Riverside County, California, United States. It has a population of 110,003 during the 2020 census. It was incorporated on December 1, 1989.

Pedro Sánchez

Pedro Sánchez Pérez-Castejón (, born 29 Febuary 1972) is a Spanish politician who is the 104th and current Prime Minister of Spain since 2 June 2018. He is the leader (Secretary-General) of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). He first took the post from 2014 to October 2016. Because of tensions in the party, he resigned from the post and was replaced by a caretaker committee but then was restored in 2017.

In the 2016 general election, he was defeated by the Prime Minister, Mariano Rajoy. The party of Mariano Rajoy was believed to have had many corruption scandals. Because of this, a lot of people in the Spanish congress voted to remove him from the presidency on 1 June 2018 and where Rajoy was eventually ousted the next day. Immediately after Rajoy's ousting, Sánchez was immediately declared the next prime minister. He later had the most votes on the elections of April 2019, but he could not find enough allies to form goverment, so the elections were repeated on November 2019 and then he formed a government with the party Unidas Podemos. On July 2023, there were other elections and he was able to form a government on November.

In November 2022, he became President of the Socialist International.

In May 2023, Sánchez called for a snap election, which saw the PSOE hold all of its seats; despite finishing second behind the People's Party, Sánchez was able to again form a coalition government, and was appointed to a third term as prime minister on 17 November 2023.

John Julius Norwich

John Julius Cooper, 2nd Viscount Norwich, (15 September 1929 – 1 June 2018), known as John Julius Norwich, was an English popular historian, travel writer and television personality. He was a member of the House of Lords from January 1952 to November 1999. 

In 1964, Norwich left the diplomatic service to become a writer. His books included histories of Sicily under the Normans (1967, 1970), Venice (1977, 1981), Byzantium (1988, 1992, 1995), the Mediterranean (2006), and the Papacy (2011). Norwich worked extensively in radio and television. He was host of the BBC radio panel game "My Word!" for four years (1978–82) and also a regional contestant on "Round Britain Quiz". 

In 1993, Norwich was named as a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order. in 1992 by the Queen after curating a Victoria and Albert Museum exhibition entitled "Sovereign", which marked the 40th anniversary of the Queen's accession.

Norwich died on 1 June 2018 at the age of 88.

Jean-Claude Boulard

Jean-Claude Boulard (28 March 1943 – 1 June 2018) was a French politician. He was Mayor of Le Mans from 2001 until his death, Senator from 2014 to 2017, and Deputy from 1988 to 1993 and again from 1997 to 2002. He was born in Nantes, France.

Boulard died in Le Mans on 1 June 2018 of a long-illness, aged 75.

Jaime Camil

Jaime Federico Said Camil Saldaña da Gama (born July 22, 1973), known professionally as Jaime Camil, is a Mexican actor, singer and television presenter. He is best known for his roles as Fernando Mendiola in "La fea más bella", Rogelio de la Vega in "Jane the Virgin" and as Papá Enrique Rivera in "Coco".


Nasirul Mulk

Nasirul Mulk (, ; born 17 August 1950), is a Pakistani jurist. He served as the seventh caretaker Prime Minister of Pakistan and the 22nd Chief Justice of Pakistan.

Giuseppe Conte

Giuseppe Conte (; born 8 August 1964) is an Italian jurist and politician. He was the 58th Prime Minister of Italy from 1 June 2018 until 13 February 2021. 

On 20 August 2019, he officially announced his plans to resign from the position. However, eight days later, the parliament reappointed him as prime minister after forming a new coalition.

On January 25, 2021, it was reported that Conte would officially resign the next day after losing his party's majority and coalition support in the Italian Senate. He was replaced by Mario Draghi on 13 February 2021.


Enzo Moavero Milanesi

Enzo Moavero Milanesi (born 17 August 1954 in Rome) is an Italian independent politician, law professor and EU official. He is the Minister of Foreign Affairs since 1 June 2018 under the Conte Cabinet.

Milanesi served as Minister of European Affairs in the Monti Cabinet and the Letta Cabinet from 16 November 2011 to 22 February 2014. He has formerly served as Deputy Secretary-General of the European Commission.

Eddy Clearwater

Eddy "The Chief" Clearwater was the stage name of Edward Harrington (January 10, 1935 – June 1, 2018), an American blues singer and musician. His main genre work was in Chicago blues. "Blues Revue" said he plays “joyous rave-ups…he testifies with stunning soul fervor and powerful guitar. He was known for playing guitar with Muddy Waters. 

The release of his 1980 album, "The Chief", on the Rooster Blues label, made him known on the Chicago blues scene. Two encores for Rooster Blues, "Help Yourself" (1992) and "Mean Case of the Blues" (1996), made Clearwater famous. 

His album "Cool Blues Walk" was released in 1998, followed by "Chicago Daily Blues" in 1989 and "Reservation Blues" in mid-2000. In 2004, he was nominated for a Grammy Award with Los Straitjackets for their collaborative album "Rock 'n' Roll City".

Clearwater died at his home in Skokie, Illinois on June 1, 2018 of heart failure at the age of 83.


Rockin' Rebel

Chuck Williams (January 13, 1966 – June 1, 2018) was an American professional wrestler. He was better known by his ring name, Rockin' Rebel. 

Williams was best known for his appearances on the U.S. independent circuit with promotions such as Eastern Championship Wrestling, Combat Zone Wrestling, Atomic Championship Wrestling, Classic Championship Wrestling, 1CW (Delaware) and Valour Pro Wrestling. 

Williams owned the trademark to his ring name.

On June 1, 2018, police found a dead man and woman in a home in West Goshen Township, Pennsylvania. They said it appeared to be a murder-suicide. Williams was 52 years old. On June 3, West Goshen Township Police Department said it appeared he had shot his wife to death before shooting himself.


The First Snow of Winter

The First Snow of Winter is an animated television movie, produced by Hibbert Ralph Entertainment and Link Entertainment. It first aired on the BBC on 25 December 1998.



Takeo Hoshi

Takeo Hoshi (Japanese 星 岳雄, "Hoshi Takeo") is an economist. He is Henri and Tomoye Takahashi Senior Fellow at the Walter H. Shorenstein Asia-Pacific Research Center at Stanford University. He also works at several other institutions. He is an expert on how to control banks and on the Japanese banking and financial systems. He won the Nakahara Prize in 2005 from the Japanese Economic Association. He has worked with several research organizations and is one of the founders of the Asian Bureau of Finance and Economic Research.


Karim Hossam

Karim Hossam (born 8 April 1994) is an Egyptian tennis player. Hossam's career high ATP singles ranking is 337, He achieved it on 9 December 2013. Hossam played for Egypt national team at Davis cup in 2013 ,2014 and 2015.


Bunk'd

Bunk'd (subtitled Bunk'd: Learning the Ropes in its sixth season) is an American comedy television series created by Pamela Eells O'Connell that premiered on Disney Channel on July 31, 2015. The series was originally a spinoff of "Jessie" from seasons 1-3, but became its own independent show starting season 4. It stars Peyton List, Karan Brar, Skai Jackson, Miranda May, Kevin Quinn, Nathan Arenas, Nina Lu, Raphael Alejandro, Will Buie Jr., Scarlett Estevez and Mallory Mahoney.




Privateer

A privateer was a privately-owned ship that was given an official government letter of marque to raid enemy shipping during wartime. The term also applies to sailors on such ships.

Well-known privateers included Francis Drake and Martin Frobisher, both from England.

During the American Revolution, privateers were used by the United States to raid British shipping.

During the War of 1812, privateers were again used to raid British shipping.

During the American Civil War, the Confederate States issued privateers letters of marque.

Hugo Gaston

Hugo Gaston (; born 26 September 2000) is a French tennis player.

The highest ATP singles ranking Gaston achieved was 1335, he achieved it on 27 November 2017.

In December 2017, Gaston won the Orange Bowl International Tennis Championship.


Maurice Germot

Maurice Germot (; 15 November 1882 – 6 August 1958) was a French tennis player and Olympic champion. He won two Olympic Gold medals in doubles. The first time was with his partner Max Decugis in 1906 and the second time with André Gobert in 1912. He also won a Silver medal in singles in 1906.


Smilja Mučibabić

Smilja Mučibabić (14 October 1912 – 12 August 2006) was a reputable and effective Bosnian biologist. She was among the most distinguished biologists in the former Yugoslavia in 20th century. She was born in Mostar and died in Sarajevo.

She was:

Smilja Mučibabić was born in Mostar, 14 September 1912, where she acquired elementary and high school education. From 1930 until 1934 she studied biology at the Faculty of Philosophy in Belgrade. Mostar was then in the Austro-Hungarian Empire.

Before the World War II she was professor in Veliko Gradište, and then in Sremski Karlovci. As a member of a group of pro-communist activists, she was arrested and taken to the German camp Jankomir near Zagreb, and later to the prison on the Savska cesta where she was detained until the end of the war 1945.

In the first after the war days, Smilja Mučibabić returned to Krapina and worked in a high school until the end of the school 1945/1946 . She was transferred to the Teacher School in Mostar. The following year, as an experienced professional,she was appointed director of this gymnasium. Her successful management of the Gymnasium and her care for the improvement of teaching was noted, and she got numerous awards and prizes.

In autumn 1949 she became professor Higher Pedagogical School in Sarajevo. She worked there until the founding of the Department of Biology at the Faculty of Philosophy in Sarajevo (1954). Then she was sent to the Zoological Institute of the Faculty of Natural Sciences and Mathematics in Beograd. For two years she worked for the opening and launching of the newly established Chair for biology in Sarajevo.

She got a British Council scholarship to the University of Cambridge. for two years, She worked on a PhD doctoral dissertation in the protozoological ecology. Smilja Mučibabić was exceptionally allowed to defending doctoral thesis after two years.


Shill

A shill is a 'plant' or stooge. They are people, usually paid, who promote something while pretending to be independent.

Shills publicly help or give credibility to a person or organization with which they have a private relationship. Shills operate in media, journalism, marketing, confidence games, or other business areas. A shill may also discredit opponents or critics of their client by character assassination or other means.

Usually, "shill" refers to someone who purposely gives onlookers, or "marks", the impression of an enthusiastic customer. They pretend independence of the seller, marketer or "con artist", for whom they are secretly working. 

The shill works for "the man" who does the tricks to extract money from the onlookers. The arena can be as basic as a street three-shell game, or as complex as a massive stock exchange fraud. All it takes is someone who looks like a fellow player to show big appreciation of the seller's product.

The shill and his client ("the man") rely on crowd psychology to encourage other onlookers or audience members to do business with the seller or accept the ideas they are promoting. With a big audience, such as a magician's show or a political rally, there are placed people in the audience very often. Then the shill is called a plant or stooge.

What the shill does is similar or identical to what advertising and public relations do. However, it is more obvious that the latter have a vested interest because everyone knows they are being paid for their work. Another place for shilling is the many web auctions.

Sam Morsy

Samy Sayed Morsy (born 10 September 1991) is a professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Barnsley, on loan from Wigan Athletic. He was born in England, but plays for Egypt national football team.

Port Vale

Chesterfield

Wigan Athletic

Ipswich Town

Individual


List of Emmerdale characters

Emmerdale is a British television soap opera first broadcast on ITV on 16 October 1972. The following is a list of characters who currently appear in the programme, listed in order of first appearance. In the case that more than one actor has portrayed a character, the current actor portraying the character is listed first.


Corrie

Corrie may mean:







Croton-on-Hudson, New York

Croton-on-Hudson is a village in Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 8,327 at the 2020 census. It is in the town of Cortlandt as part of New York City's northern suburbs. The village was incorporated in 1898.

Croton-on-Hudson is the original home of the Hudson Institute, a key Cold War think tank where the justification for nuclear war was developed.

Gabès

Gabès ( ")", also spelled "Cabès", "Cabes", "Kabes", "Gabbs" and "Gaps", is a city in Tunisia. It has a population of 152,921 people. It is the sixth largest city in Tunisia.

1980 Kalamazoo tornado

The 1980 Kalamazoo tornado was a natural disaster in Michigan in the United States on May 13, 1980.

Tuesday, May 13, 1980 began with temperatures in the upper 50s with fog. By 3:00 p.m., A warm front lifted north of the city, and thunderstorms began developing later that afternoon. By 3:30 p.m., A thunderstorm rapidly intensified, so the National Weather Service issued a severe thunderstorm warning. 

The first tornado began around 3:40 p.m. and dissipated at 3:50 p.m. The first tornado did not cause any deaths but injured 25 people. Shortly after the first tornado dissipated, a supercell thunderstorm caused a new tornado to form as it was moving into Kalamazoo. The first images were captured by two news reporters in the city, where shortly thereafter caused its first fatality. As the tornado moved into downtown, an employee at a local electronics store captured it. The tornado could be seen moving southeast, damaging homes and uprooting trees as it moved into downtown. As the employee ran to the basement, the tornado killed three more people, two at Gilmore's Apartment Store and a motorcyclist struck by a falling tree. The tornado killed one more person in Constock Township before dissipating.

This tornado was responsible for 5 deaths and 79 injuries, and $50,000,000 worth of property damage. It also left 1,200 without homes.

Poldy Bird

Poldy Bird (16 December 1941 – 1 June 2018) was an Argentinian writer and poet. She made poems and collaborations in several newspapers of Argentina and the world. She was born in Paraná, in the province of Entre Ríos, Argentina. She was raised in Buenos Aires. Among her most famous texts are "Cuentos para Verónica" (in honor of her first daughter), "Cuentos para leer sin rimel", "Nuevos cuentos para Verónica" and "Cuentos con niebla".

Bird died at her home in Buenos Aires on 1 June 2018 at the age of 76.


Jill Ker Conway

Jill Ker Conway OA (9 October 1934 – 1 June 2018) was an Australian-American author. She was born in Hillston, New South Wales.

Conway was known for her autobiographies, in particular her first memoir, "The Road from Coorain". She was also Smith College's first female president, from 1975 to 1985, and served as a visiting professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In 2004 she was designated a Women's History Month Honoree by the National Women's History Project. In 2013, she received a 2012 National Humanities Medal from President Barack Obama.

Conway died on 1 June 2018 at her home in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 83.


Hilmar Hoffmann

Hilmar Hoffmann (25 August 1925 – 1 June 2018) was a German cultural and movie historian. He was born in Bremen, Germany. Between 1970 and 1990 he was a City Councillor in Frankfurt am Main, and initiated the promotion of free groups in urban culture. From 1993 to 2001 he was president of the Goethe-Institut (Munich). He taught movie theory and cultural politics at the Goethe University Frankfurt.

Hoffmann died in Frankfurt, Germany on 1 June 2018 of a stroke at the age of 92.


Andrée Lachapelle

Andrée Lachapelle OC, CQ (November 13, 1931 – November 21, 2019) was a Canadian actress. She was born in Montreal, Quebec. She was known for her roles in "Léolo", "Cap Tourmente", "Route 132", "The Last Escape" and "Don't Let the Angels Fall".

In 1985, she was made an Officer of the Order of Canada. In 1997, she was made a Knight of the National Order of Quebec.

On November 21, 2019, Lachapelle, who had cancer, died by assisted suicide at a Montreal hospital. She was 88 years old.


Fredericksburg, Texas

Fredericksburg () is the seat of Gillespie County, in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2020 Census, the city had a population of 10,875.

Macon, Mississippi

Macon is a city in Noxubee County, Mississippi along the Noxubee River. The population was 2,582 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Noxubee County.

Nakahara Prize

The Nakahara Prize is an award from the Japanese Economic Association. It is given every year since 1995. The prize is for Japanese economists younger than 45 years old. They get the prize because their work has become well-known internationally. The prize is named after its sponsor Nobuyuki Nakahara. The purpose of the prize is to encourage young economists to publish excellent papers and books internationally. In 2016, Sagiri Kitao was the first woman to win the prize.



Hitotsubashi University

Hitotsubashi University has about 4,500 undergraduate students and 2,100 postgraduate students. There are about 630 faculty members.



Parentheses show how many students enter in a year.
Hitotsubashi University is a very hard school to enter. So there are many textbooks for their entrance exams. One Japanese publisher has made a 15-year collection of their English tests. Another publisher made a 50-year collection of their Mathematics exam.


Sagiri Kitao

Kitao was born on 1972 , in Saitama, Japan. She graduated from Waseda University in 1996. She worked for Goldman Sachs for several years.

She earned a M.P.A./I.D. (Master in Public Administration/International Development) from Harvard Kennedy School in 2001. She received a Ph.D. from New York University in 2007.

Kitao was an assistant professor at University of Southern California (2007-2009). Next, she was an associate professor at City University of New York (2011-2015). She is now a professor at University of Tokyo.

She won the Nakahara Prize for young Japanese economists in 2016. She is the first woman to win the prize.


Swann VR

Swann VR is a spatial memory training tool for Alzheimer's disease. It uses virtual reality. Users are given a map with objects placed in it, and they are to memorize it and find the items within the immersive environment. It was created by Taegh Sokhey an automotive executive and Northwestern University graduate. The application is designed to work with Oculus Rift and Rift S.

Irenäus Eibl-Eibesfeldt

Irenäus Eibl-Eibesfeldt (15 June 1928 – 2 June 2018) was an Austrian ethologist. He was the founder of the field of human ethology. In authoring the book which bears that title, he applied ethology to humans by studying them in a perspective more common to volumes studying animal behavior. He was born in Vienna.

In 1970 he became Professor for Zoology at the University of Munich. From 1975 to 2018, he was the head of the Max Planck Institute for Behavioral Physiology, Department of Human Ethology in Andechs, Germany. He was the co-founder and first president of the International Society for Human Ethology.

From 1992 until his death, he was Honorary Director of the Ludwig-Boltzmann-Institute for Urban Ethology in Vienna.

For many years he dived with Hans Hass on his diving boat "Xarifa".

Eibl-Eibesfeldt died on 2 June 2018 in Vienna at the age of 89.

Life of the Party (movie)

Life of the Party is a 2018 American comedy movie directed by Ben Falcone and written by Falcone and Melissa McCarthy. It is the third movie directed by Falcone and co-written by the pair, following "Tammy" (2014) and "The Boss" (2016). 

The movie, starring McCarthy, Molly Gordon, Gillian Jacobs, Maya Rudolph, Julie Bowen, Matt Walsh, Debby Ryan, Adria Arjona, Jessie Ennis, Stephen Root, and Jacki Weaver.

It is about a newly divorced mother who returns to college to complete her degree, and ends up bonding with her daughter's friends.

It is produced by On the Day Productions and New Line Cinema. The movie was released on May 11, 2018, by Warner Bros. Pictures. It has made $49 million worldwide and received mixed reviews from critics.

Gillian Jacobs

Gillian MacLaren Jacobs (; born October 19, 1982) is an American actress. She is known for playing Britta Perry on the NBC/Yahoo! Screen comedy series "Community", Mickey Dobbs on the Netflix series "Love", and "The Powerpuff Girls".

She also starred in the HBO television show "Girls". She appeared in many movies such as "Gardens of the Night" (2008), "The Lookalike" (2014), "Life Partners" (2014), "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" (2015), "Don't Think Twice" (2016), "Brother Nature" (2016), "Life of the Party" (2018) and "Ibiza" (2018). 

Keeping Up with the Joneses (movie)

Keeping Up with the Joneses is a 2016 American action comedy movie directed by Greg Mottola and written by Michael LeSieur. It stars Zach Galifianakis, Jon Hamm, Isla Fisher and Gal Gadot. 

The movie is about a suburban couple (Galifianakis and Fisher) who begin to suspect their new neighbors (Hamm and Gadot) are secret agents. The movie was released on October 21, 2016 by 20th Century Fox, received got negative reviews and was a box office bomb, grossing $29 million against its $40 million budget.

Masterminds (2016 movie)

Masterminds is a 2016 American comedy movie which is based on the October 1997 Loomis Fargo Robbery in North Carolina. It is directed by Jared Hess and written by Chris Bowman, Hubbel Palmer and Emily Spivey. It stars Zach Galifianakis, Owen Wilson, Kristen Wiig, Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones and Jason Sudeikis.

It premiered in Los Angeles on September 26, 2016 and was theatrically released in the United States on September 30, 2016, by Relativity Media. The movie received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $30 million.

Adria Arjona

Adria Arjona Torres (born April 25, 1992) is an American-Guatemalan actress. She is best known for her role as Emily in the HBO television series "True Detective" (2015) and as Dani Silva in two episodes of the CBS television series "Person of Interest" (2014, 2015).

In 2018, she starred as Amanda in "Life of the Party". She also voices Ramirez in the video game "Fortnite".

Matt Walsh (comedian)

Matt Walsh (born October 13, 1964) is an American actor, comedian, movie director, and screenwriter. He is best known as a founding member of the Upright Citizens Brigade sketch comedy troupe and for playing Mike McLintock on the HBO series "Veep".


The Boss (2016 movie)

The Boss is a 2016 American comedy movie directed by Ben Falcone and written by Falcone, Melissa McCarthy and Steve Mallory. The movie stars McCarthy, Kristen Bell, Ella Anderson, Tyler Labine, Kathy Bates, Annie Mumolo, Timothy Simons, and Peter Dinklage.

The movie is about a wealthy woman who, after being arrested and losing her fortune, uses her assistant's daughter's Dandelion Girls cookie sales to return to the top. The movie was released on April 8, 2016, by Universal Pictures. It made $78 million worldwide.

Ben Falcone

Benjamin Scott Falcone (born August 25, 1973) is an American actor, comedian and movie director. He is married to actress Melissa McCarthy, with whom he has two children. 

Falcone appeared in small roles of McCarthy's movies "Bridesmaids", "Identity Thief", "The Heat", and Life of the Party and co-starred in "What to Expect When You're Expecting" and "Enough Said". 

Falcone made his directorial debut in 2014 with "Tammy". He would go on to direct "The Boss" and "Life of the Party", all of which starred McCarthy.

Bridesmaids (2011 movie)

Bridesmaids is a 2011 American comedy movie directed by Paul Feig, written by Annie Mumolo and Kristen Wiig, and produced by Judd Apatow, Barry Mendel, and Clayton Townsend. 

The plot is about Annie (Wiig), who suffers a series of misfortunes after being asked to serve as maid of honor for her best friend, Lillian, played by Maya Rudolph. Rose Byrne, Melissa McCarthy, Ellie Kemper, and Wendi McLendon-Covey co-star as Lillian's bridesmaids, with Chris O'Dowd, Rebel Wilson, Matt Lucas, Michael Hitchcock, Jon Hamm, and Jill Clayburgh, in her final movie role, in supporting roles.

Upon its opening release in the United States and Canada on May 13, 2011, "Bridesmaids" was both critically and commercially successful. The movie made $26 million in its opening weekend, eventually made over $288 million worldwide. After the movie was made, many other women-only comedies were made due to the success.

The movie was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy. On January 24, 2012, the movie was nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for Melissa McCarthy and Best Original Screenplay for Wiig and Mumolo.

The Nutcracker and the Four Realms

The Nutcracker and the Four Realms is an American fantasy movie directed by Lasse Hallström and written by Ashleigh Powell and Simon Beaufoy. It is based on E. T. A. Hoffmann's "The Nutcracker and the Mouse King" and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky's ballet "The Nutcracker". It is about a young girl who finds a Nutcracker doll among the family's gifts and is charged by her parents to take special care of it.

The movie stars Keira Knightley, Mackenzie Foy, Helen Mirren, Morgan Freeman, Richard E. Grant, Miranda Hart and Eugenio Derbez with Misty Copeland.

It was released by Walt Disney Pictures on November 2, 2018 in Real D 3D and IMAX 3D. The movie received mainly negative reviews with a 34% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Ahmed Sofa

Ahmed Sofa (; 30 June 194328 July 2001) was a Bangladeshi writer and novelist.

Born in Chittagong, Sofa was educated at the University of Dhaka. He served many newspapers, and magazines as editors. A writer by occupation, Sofa wrote 18 non-fiction books, 8 novels, 4 collections of poems, 1 collection of short stories, and several books in other genres.

In "Buddhibrittir Natun Binyas" (A New Mode of Intellectualism, 1972), Sofa reminded the writers and artists of their true responsibility. In "Bangali Musalmaner Man" (The Mind of the Bengali Muslims, 1981), Sofa surveyed the history of Bengali Muslims to explain how their identity was formed, and how they might overcome the causes of their backwardness.

In "Gabhi Bittanta" (A Tale of a Cow, 1995), Sofa satirizes Bangladeshi university teachers engaged in party politics and corruption. "Pushpa Briksa ebang Bihanga Puran" (Tales of Flowers, Trees, and Birds, 1996) narrates Sofa's personal relation with birds, plants and nature.

Sofa is a very influential writer in Bangladesh. Sofa was criticized for his bohemian lifestyle. He was called rebel, mad and insolent

He was awarded Ekushe Padak posthumously by the Government of Bangladesh in 2002. Sofa rejected Lekhak Shibir Award in 1975, and Sa'dat Ali Akanda Award offered by Bangla Academy in 1993.







London Has Fallen

London Has Fallen is a 2016 action thriller movie directed by Babak Najafi and written by Creighton Rothenberger, Katrin Benedikt, Chad St. John and Christian Gudegast. It is about a major terrorist attack on London caused by Islamic extremists as the G7 attend the British Prime Minister's funeral. It is a sequel to Antoine Fuqua's 2013 movie "Olympus Has Fallen".

It stars Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart and Morgan Freeman, with Alon Moni Aboutboul, Angela Bassett, Robert Forster, Jackie Earle Haley, Melissa Leo, Radha Mitchell, Sean O'Bryan, Waleed Zuaiter and Charlotte Riley in supporting roles.

DuPage County, Illinois

DuPage County () is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. As of the 2020 census, the population was 932,877, making it Illinois' second-most populous county. Its county seat is Wheaton.

DuPage County has become mostly developed and suburbanized. Residents of Hinsdale, Naperville, and Oak Brook include some of the richest people in the Midwest, and in 2010, "Midwest Living" voted Hinsdale the Midwest's second-richest town.

Oak Brook, Illinois

Oak Brook is a village in DuPage County with a small portion in Cook County in Illinois. The population was 8,163 at the 2020 census. It was made into a village in 1958.

Despicable Me 3

Despicable Me 3 is a 2017 American 3D computer-animated action comedy movie released by Illumination Entertainment and Universal Pictures.

It is the third main installment, fourth overall movie in the "Despicable Me" movie series and the sequel to "Despicable Me 2" (2013). The movie is directed by Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda, co-directed by Eric Guillon and written by Cinco Paul and Ken Daurio.

It stars Steve Carell, Kristen Wiig, Trey Parker, Miranda Cosgrove, Steve Coogan, Jenny Slate, Dana Gaier, and Julie Andrews.

"Despicable Me 3" was released on June 14, 2017, at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival, and had a theatrical release in the United States on July 30, 2017, by Universal Pictures in 3D, RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema and IMAX 3D.

A spin-off and prequel, "" will be released on July 1, 2022.

A sequel, "Despicable Me 4", is currently set for July 3, 2024.


Ramnath Thakur

Ram Nath Thakur, (born March 3, 1950 in Karpoori Gram) is an Indian politician. He belongs to the Janata Dal (United) party. He represents Bihar in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament.

He was elected for the April 2014–April-2020 term.

Janata Dal (United)

Janata Dal (United) (JD(U)) is a centre-left Indian political party with political presence mainly in Bihar and Jharkhand. The Janata Dal (United) was formed with the merger of the Sharad Yadav faction of the Janata Dal, the Lokshakti Party and the Samta Party on 30 October 2003. Janata Dal (United)'s party mentor and patron is the veteran socialist leader George Fernandes. JD(U) is currently a part of BJP led National Democratic Alliance (NDA).

Ahmed Elmohamady

Ahmed Eissa Elmohamady Abdel Fattah (; born 9 September 1987) is an Egyptian professional footballer. He plays as a winger for Aston Villa and the Egypt national team. Elmohamady won the 2008 and 2010 Africa Cup of Nations with Egypt national football team.

Hull City


Egypt


Individual



Penn Jillette

Penn Fraser Jillette (born March 5, 1955) is an American magician, juggler, comedian, musician, inventor, actor, filmmaker, television personality and best-selling author. He is known for his work with fellow magician Teller as half of the team Penn & Teller. 

He has published eight books, including the New York Times Bestseller, "God, No!: Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales". He is also known for his advocacy of atheism, scientific skepticism, the First Amendment, libertarianism, and free-market capitalism.

Maxime Cadé

Maxime Cadé (born 21 January 1994) is a French Olympic fencer. He participated in the individual foil event at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

2018 FIFA World Cup statistics

These are the statistics for the 2018 FIFA World Cup, which is taking place in Russia from 14 June to 15 July 2018.

Goals scored from penalty shoot-outs are not counted, and matches decided by penalty shoot-outs are counted as draws.

<section begin=Goalscorers /><section end=Goalscorers />

Philippe Crébassa

Philippe Crébassa is a French aerospace engineer and businessman. He is the current President of Toulouse-Blagnac Airport.

Graduate from the École Polytechnique, the French Civil Aviation University and the Toulouse School of Economics, Philippe Crébassa starts his career in 1992 at the Directorate General for Civil Aviation. In 2013, he becomes Vice-President of the French Civil Aviation University. He is nominated President of Toulouse-Blagnac Airport in June 2018.

Lion's Club

Lions Clubs International (LCI) is an international non-political service organization founded originally in 1917 in Chicago, Illinois by Melvin Jones. It is now headquartered in Oak Brook, Illinois. , it had over 48,000 local clubs and more than 1.4 million members in over 200 countries around the world.

Álvaro Lapuerta

Álvaro de Lapuerta Quintero (22 September 1927 – 2 June 2018) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Madrid. He sat on the Congress of Deputies between 1977 and 2004, and as served as treasurer of the People's Party from 1993 to 2008. 

Lapuerta died on 2 June 2018 in Madrid of complications of dementia at the age of 90. 

Miguel Obando y Bravo

Miguel Obando y Bravo (2 February 1926 – 3 June 2018) was a Nicaraguan prelate of the Catholic Church. He was the Archbishop of Managua from 1970 until his resignation on 12 March 2005. On 25 May 1985, he was selected by Pope John Paul II to be cardinal. He was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that elected Pope Benedict XVI. He was born in La Libertad, Chontales, Nicaragua.

Obando died in Managua on 3 June 2018 of a heart attack at the age of 92.


1984 Barneveld–Black Earth tornado

The 1984 Barneveld tornado occurred in Barneveld, Wisconsin on June 8, 1984.

Tornadoes began braking out on the afternoon of June 7 across North Dakota, Minnesota, Iowa, Kansas, and Missouri. Three people were killed in Missouri by a tornado and one person was killed in Iowa just after 9:00 p.m. CDT. The severe weather then shifted into Wisconsin where a tornado watch went out at 11:00 p.m. CDT, but most of Barneveld had gone to bed that night.

A supercell thunderstorm which produced a tornado in Iowa at 9:00 p.m. CT entered Wisconsin from the Iowa/Illinois border at midnight. At 12:30 a.m., the first tornado touched down in Lafayette County. At 12:41 a.m., the tornado drove through Barneveld. A sharp bolt of lightning as well as a loud clap of thunder cut the power to the city, awakening residents. Other tornadoes broke out before dissipating after 3:00 a.m. CDT.

The tornado was rated an F5 and killed 9 people and injured 200 others as well as $25 million in damage. It was the last F5 tornado to occur at night until the Birmingham, Alabama tornado in April 1998.

1980 Grand Island tornado

The 1980 Grand Island tornado occurred on June 3, 1980 in Grand Island, Nebraska.

The previous day tornadoes were reported in Iowa, Indiana, and Ohio. Several more tornadoes broke out on that day in Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, and Nebraska. On the evening of Wednesday, June 3, a slow-moving supercell thunderstorm developed over Nebraska.

The result was the most unusual in American weather history: these storms moved at 8 mph, some of these tornadoes were anticyclonic, and they didn't move in a straight line, with some looping back around. Tornado warnings were issued.

5 people were killed and 200 were injured. June 3 is known as The Night of the Twisters, which is a book written by Ivy Ruckman in 1984, and a movie that premiered on February 14, 1996 on The Family Channel (now Freeform).

Emily Ratajkowski

Emily O'Hara Ratajkowski (; born June 7, 1991) is an American model and actress. She was born to American parents in London and raised in San Diego, California. She became well known in 2013 after appearing in the music video for Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines", which became the number one song of the year in several countries.

Ratajkowski began acting as a child and had a role on the Nickelodeon series "iCarly". Her first movie role was in "Gone Girl" (2014). Ratajkowski's other roles have included the movies "Entourage", "I Feel Pretty" and "We Are Your Friends".

Ratajkowski is a feminist who actively supports Planned Parenthood and women's rights. In 2016 and 2020, she supported Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.

Anna Karina

Anna Karina (born Hanne Karin Bayer, 22 September 1940 – 14 December 2019) was a Danish-French actress, director, writer, and singer. She became famous in the French New Wave director Jean-Luc Godard's muse in the 1960s, performing in several of his movies, including "The Little Soldier" (1960), "A Woman Is a Woman" (1961), "Vivre sa vie" (1962), "Band of Outsiders" (1964), and "Pierrot le Fou" and "Alphaville" (both 1965). 

Karina was seen as an icon of 1960s cinema. "The New York Times" has described her as "one of the screen’s great beauties and an enduring symbol of the French New Wave."

Karina died of problems caused by a muscle aneurysm in Paris on 14 December 2019 at the age of 79.


Thigh

In human anatomy, the thigh is the area between the hip (pelvis) and the knee. Anatomically, it is part of the human leg.

The single bone in the thigh is called the femur. This bone is very thick and strong (due to the high proportion of bone tissue), and forms a ball and socket joint at the hip, and a modified hinge joint at the knee.

Michael A. Goorjian

Michael Antranig Goorjian (born February 4, 1971) is an American actor, filmmaker, and writer. Goorjian won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or Special for his role as David Goodson in the television movie "David's Mother" (1994). He is also known for his role as Justin, Neve Campbell’s love interest on the Golden Globe-winning series "Party of Five" (1994–2000), as well as Heroin Bob in the movie "SLC Punk!" (1998) and its sequel, "Punk's Dead" (2016). As a director, Goorjian achieved recognition for his first major independent movie, "Illusion" (2004), which he wrote, directed and starred in alongside Hollywood legend Kirk Douglas.

2018 FIFA World Cup Final

The 2018 FIFA World Cup Final was the last game of the tournament. It happened on July 15, 2018, at Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow, Russia. The teams playing were France and Croatia. In 2018, the tournament was the 21st edition organized by FIFA, which is in charge of football competitions worldwide. A total of 32 teams took part. The winners of the World Cup would have qualified for the 2021 FIFA Confederations Cup (however FIFA got rid of the Confederations Cup later on). Russia, where the tournament was held, was automatically included, and the other 31 teams were selected through qualifying matches organized by FIFA's six groups. The teams were divided into groups for the initial matches. From these groups, 16 teams moved forward to the knockout stage. 

Before reaching the final, France won their group by beating two teams and drawing one. They went on to beat Argentina, Uruguay, and Belgium in the later rounds. Croatia also won their group by winning all three matches. They then won against Denmark and Russia through penalty shootouts and England in the semi-final. The final match was watched by many people both at the stadium and on TV. The referee for the match was Néstor Pitana from Argentina. 

France scored the first goal through a free kick that turned into an own goal by Mario Mandžukić. Croatia later equalized with a goal from Ivan Perišić. France was awarded a penalty after the referee consulted a video review. Antoine Griezmann scored from the penalty. France continued to score more goals, winning the match 4-2. This victory was France's second World Cup win. They previously won in 1998. The best player of the match was Antoine Griezmann from France, and Luka Modrić from Croatia received the Golden Ball award for being the best player of the tournament. The final was the highest-scoring one since 1966. The coach of the French team, Didier Deschamps, spoke about how his experience as a player in the 1998 World Cup was connected to the current team's success. The Croatian coach, Zlatko Dalić, congratulated France but criticized the penalty decision. In the Euro 2020 tournament that took place in 2021, both France and Croatia reached the round of 16 but were eliminated in the later stages.

The 2018 FIFA World Cup was the 21st time they had the World Cup. It's a big football competition for teams from different countries. They held it in Russia from 14 June to 15 July 2018. Russia didn't have to qualify because they were the hosts. Other 208 teams tried to qualify in matches organized by FIFA between June 2015 and November 2017. They split into six groups. In the main games, they put the teams into eight groups of four. Each team played against the others once. Then, the best two teams from each group went on to another stage where if they lost, they were out.

In the last World Cup in 2014, Germany won. But this time, they didn't do well. They were kicked out in the group games in 2018. France had won before in 1998 when they beat Brazil. They had also come second in 2006 when Italy beat them. They reached the quarter-finals in the World Cup before this one, and they got second place in the Euro 2016. Croatia had never been in a final before. They had a good team with players like Luka Modrić, Ivan Rakitić, and Mario Mandžukić. People said this was a special generation for them. The final was the sixth time France and Croatia played against each other. France had won three times and two times they drew.

The ball they used in the final game was called the Telstar Mechta. It was red and based on the Telstar 18, the ball they used in the knockout stage. The Telstar family of balls is like the 1970 Telstar one. It looks like the Brazuca ball from 2014 but a bit different.

France was seen as the top choice by experts to win the 2018 World Cup. They got into the tournament by finishing first in their qualifying group, ahead of Sweden and the Netherlands. In the tournament, they were in Group C with Australia, Denmark, and Peru. Their first match was against Australia on 16 June at Kazan Arena. France won 2–1. Antoine Griezmann got the first goal from a penalty decided with video help. Australia scored a penalty too, and then France got the winning goal through an own goal by Australian defender Aziz Behich. Next, France played against Peru and won 1–0 with a goal from 19-year-old Kylian Mbappé. This made him the youngest player from France to score in a major tournament. France's win meant they could rest key players in the last group match against Denmark, which ended in a draw. This helped France win the group. In the round of 16, France played against Argentina on 30 June and won 4–3. Griezmann scored early with a penalty, and Argentina scored twice. Benjamin Pavard leveled the game, and then Mbappé scored two quick goals. Argentina got one more goal, but Mbappé's great play was highlighted. France's quarter-final match against Uruguay on 6 July ended in a 2–0 victory with goals from Raphaël Varane and Griezmann. In the semi-final, they played against Belgium and won 1–0. Samuel Umtiti scored the winning goal from a corner kick.

In their qualifying group, Croatia came in second place after Iceland. This meant they had to play more matches to qualify. They played against Greece in these matches and won over two games. They won the first game 4-1 and the second game ended in a draw with no goals. In the main tournament, Croatia was placed in group D with Argentina, Iceland, and Nigeria. This was considered a tough group because Argentina was very skilled, and Nigeria had a strong history. In their first match, Croatia won 2-0 against Nigeria. The goals were scored by the other team accidentally putting the ball into their own goal and a penalty scored by one of Croatia's players. One of Croatia's strikers, Nikola Kalinić, didn't play in the match due to back pain. The coach, Zlatko Dalić, removed him from the team. This left Croatia with fewer players for the rest of the tournament. Croatia played against Argentina next and won 3-0. They scored their first goal when Argentina's goalkeeper made a mistake, and then scored two more goals. Argentina's captain, Lionel Messi, didn't play very well in this match. Croatia also won against Iceland with a score of 2-1. They rested some of their main players in this match because they had already qualified for the next round.

In the next stage of the tournament, Croatia played against Denmark. The match ended in a 1-1 draw and they had to do a penalty shootout to decide the winner. Croatia won the shootout 3-2, with their goalkeeper making important saves. Croatia's next match was in the quarter-finals against Russia. The match ended in a 2-2 draw after extra time, and Croatia won the penalty shootout 4-3. This was the second time in the World Cup that Croatia won a penalty shootout. During the tournament, there was a situation where one of Croatia's players, Vida, shouted something that caused problems with Russian fans. In the semi-finals, Croatia played against England. They were losing initially but managed to score two goals and win the match 2-1 in extra time. By winning this match, Croatia became the first team in the World Cup to come from behind and win three times in the same tournament.

Croatia started the match at 6 pm local time (3 pm UTC) when it was 27°C (81°F) and 51% humid. There were 78,011 people in the stadium and about 1.12 billion people watching on TV around the world. The weather at Sheremetyevo International Airport, which is 30 kilometres (19 miles) away, was partly cloudy when the match began. The game was played during a small thunderstorm with visible lightning strikes. "The Guardian's" Barry Glendenning said that Croatia played better in the first 15 minutes. He noticed that France had trouble getting out of their own side of the field, while Croatia was in control. But, France scored first in the 18th minute. They got a free kick around 30 yards (27 metres) from the goal because Marcelo Brozović fouled Griezmann. Griezmann took the free kick and passed it into the penalty area, where Mandžukić tried to head it away, but it accidentally went into the goal. This was the first own goal in a World Cup final. N'Golo Kanté got a yellow card in the 28th minute for a foul on Perišić. A minute later, Croatia scored when Perišić was fouled 40 yards (37 metres) from the goal. Modrić kicked a free kick to the far goalpost, Vrsaljko headed it back across the goal, and Perišić kicked it low into the corner for a goal.

Three minutes later, Griezmann took a corner kick into the penalty area. Matuidi tried to score with a header, but it didn't work. The France players asked for a penalty, saying Perišić touched the ball with his hand while guarding Matuidi. The video assistant referee talked to the main referee and after watching the video for a few minutes, they gave France a penalty. Griezmann took the penalty kick in the 38th minute and scored by kicking it low into the left corner. In the 43rd minute, Lucas Hernandez got a yellow card for a foul on Rebić. Then Perišić shot the ball towards the goal, but it was deflected by Paul Pogba for a corner. Just before the first half ended, Croatia had a corner kick. Rakitić kicked it into the penalty area, and Vida had a chance to score with his head, but he missed the goal. The first half ended with France leading 2–1, even though they only had one shot on goal and had the ball for 34% of the time. During halftime, experts on TV talked about whether France's goals were fair. Alan Shearer and Rio Ferdinand on BBC One said that the free kick for the first goal and the penalty for the second should not have been given. Shearer called the penalty decision "ridiculous" and said the handball was not on purpose. Chris Waddle, on BBC Radio 5 Live, thought the penalty was right, saying "I would have given it. Perišić used his hand to stop the ball." Gabriele Marcotti of ESPN said it was a difficult decision that could have gone either way, even after watching the replay.

A group of people (pitch invaders) came onto the field during the second half of the Croatian attack, but security officers removed them. A Russian feminist rock band and protest group called Pussy Riot said they caused the interruption. Three minutes into the second half, Croatia had a chance to score. Rebić kicked the ball towards the goal from the left side, after Rakitić passed it to him. The French goalkeeper Hugo Lloris used one hand to stop the ball and sent it out for a corner. Someone named Glendenning said Croatia started the second half just like the first, very strong. In the 52nd minute, France had a chance. Mbappé got the ball from Pogba and ran down the left side. He went past Vida and shot at the goal, but Subašić saved the ball. In the 55th minute, France swapped Nzonzi in for Kanté. They scored again in the 59th minute. Pogba passed to Mbappé on the right side with a long pass. Mbappé then passed to Griezmann, who gave the ball back to Pogba outside the penalty area. Pogba shot at the goal. The ball hit a defender and came back to Pogba. He shot again, and Subašić couldn't stop it from going into the Croatian goal.

France had another chance in the 63rd minute. Giroud kicked the ball towards Griezmann with a bicycle kick. Griezmann was close to the goal without anyone marking him. But Brozović took the ball from him. Two minutes later, France scored again. Mbappé kicked the ball from 25 yards away. The ball went past Vida and Subašić and into the Croatian goal. Mbappé was only the second teenager to score in a World Cup final. The first was Pelé, who did it in 1958. Croatia got their second goal in the 69th minute. Lloris couldn't control a back-pass, and Mandžukić took the loose ball and put it in the empty net with his right leg. Even though Croatia put pressure on towards the end, the match ended with France winning 4–2. This was the highest-scoring World Cup final since 1966 and the first one since 2002 that didn't need extra time to decide the winner.

<section begin=final /><section begin=Lineups />

</includeonly><section end=Lineups />
Match rules



Brythonic languages

The Brythonic languages are a language family of the Celtic languages. They are spoken in Brittany, Wales and Cornwall. While going extinct in the rest of the British Isles, the (recognised) regions include: Cumbria and Scotland, while still debated, Common Brittonic was widely spoken across England.

There are three Brythonic languages:


And three extinct languages

Cornish (Kernowek) is an extinct language. A Cornish revival movement introduced the language to 557 people. Cornish is mainly a L2 (second language) for most, if not all, Cornish speakers.

Breton (Brezhoneg) is spoken mostly in Brittany, With small communities of speakers in North-West regional France, although it is "severely endangered" .

Welsh (Cymraeg) is spoken by around 20% of the total population of Wales. Welsh has over 700,000 speakers in the whole of the United Kingdom. Welsh and English are both official languages in Wales.


List of Adobe software

Adobe Inc. is a company that makes software. It was founded in December 1982 in Mountain View, California.

Adobe Acrobat is a PDF editing software. It was released on June 15, 1993. It can also view and edit HTML files.

Adobe Audition is a sound recording and editing software. It was released on August 18, 2003. It was made by Syntrillium Software and was named Cool Edit Pro before Adobe bought Cool Edit Pro for $16.5 million in May 2003.

Adobe After Effects is a video editing software. While Premiere Pro is for editing videos on a timeline, Adobe After Effects is about creating and adding effects to video.

Adobe Creative Suite was a software suite of Adobe software. It was discontinued in 2013.

Adobe Character Animator is a motion capture software. It was released on June 15, 2015. Adobe was given an Emmy award for Technology and Engineering in 2020.

Adobe Dreamweaver is a website making software. It was released in December 1997 by Macromedia and was bought by Adobe in 2005.

Adobe Flash was an animation software that let users add animations and games to their website. Popular Flash games included Happy Wheels, Bloons TD, and Super Meat Boy.

Adobe Photoshop Lightroom is an image editing software. While Photoshop is used to change images, Lightroom is used to add effects to images.

Adobe Photoshop is an image editing software. It was released in 1990. Photoshop Elements is a more simple version for beginners.

Adobe Prelude was a metadata changing software. It was discontinued in 2021.

Adobe Premiere Pro is a video editing software. It was released in 2003 to replace Adobe Premiere. Adobe Premiere Elements is a simpler version for beginners.

Piotrowice, Otwock County

Piotrowice is a voivodeship village in Poland, Masovia. It has approximately 352 inhabitants and an area of 8 km.

1821 Norfolk and Long Island hurricane

The 1821 Norfolk and Long Island hurricane was one of several known tropical cyclones that have affected New York City.

The storm was first seen off the coast of the Southeastern United States on September 1. It had winds near .

The hurricane moved onto land near Wilmington, North Carolina. It then passed near Norfolk, Virginia. Then it moved through the Delmarva Peninsula and New Jersey just inland. 

On September 3, the storm struck near Jamaica Bay (which later became a part of New York City). 

On September 4, the hurricane was over New England. 

The storm killed 22 people when it struck the Eastern United States.

The Swiss Re insurance company notes that a similar storm striking the East Coast of the United States would do more than $100 billion (and possibly as high as $200 billion) in damage if it struck. That's far more damage than was done when Hurricane Sandy struck New York and New Jersey. Sandy caused between $65 billion and $72 billion in damage.

Kunlun Fight

Kunlun Fight (KLF) (Chinese: 昆仑决; pinyin: Kūnlún Jué) is a China-based kickboxing promotion, currently seen as one of the top kickboxing promotions in the world. Kunlun Fight is headquartered in Beijing.


BGT

BGT may stand for:

Upper and Lower Egypt

Upper and Lower Egypt was a time period in Ancient Egypt. It was also known as the Two Lands. During this time the country was divided into Upper Egypt and Lower Egypt. Upper Egypt was in the south from Aswan to Cairo. Lower Egypt was in the north from Cairo to the Mediterranean Sea. South of Aswan was the Nubian desert

Tony Morphett

Anthony David Morphett (10 March 1938 – 2 June 2018) was an Australian screenwriter. He created or co-created many Australian television series, including "Dynasty", "Certain Women". "Sky Trackers", "Blue Heelers", "Water Rats", "Above the Law" and "Rain Shadow". 

Morphett died in Katoomba, New South Wales of a heart attack on 2 June 2018 at the age of 80. 


Bernard E. Trainor

Bernard E. Trainor (September 2, 1928 – June 2, 2018) was an American journalist and a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general. Trainor was born in New York City.

He served in the Marine Corps for 39 years in both staff and command capacities. After retiring from the Marine Corps, he began working as the chief military correspondent for the "New York Times". He was a military analyst for NBC. He was the author of three accounts of American wars in Iraq, "The Generals War" (1995); "Cobra II" (2006); and "Endgame" (2012). 

Trainor died on June 2, 2018 in Sterling, Virginia of laryngeal cancer at the age of 89.


Sterling, Virginia

Sterling, Virginia is a census-designated place (CDP) in Loudoun County, Virginia. The population as of the 2010 United States Census was 27,822.

It is located northwest of Herndon, east of Ashburn, and west of Great Falls, and includes part of Washington Dulles International Airport and the former AOL corporate headquarters. 

Emil Wolf

Emil Wolf (July 30, 1922 – June 2, 2018) was a Czech born American physicist. He was born in Prague. He made advancements in physical optics, including diffraction, coherence properties of optical fields, spectroscopy of partially coherent radiation, and the theory of direct scattering and inverse scattering. He co-wrote "Principles of Optics" of one of the standard textbooks of optics commonly known as "Born and Wolf". 

Wolf died in Rochester, New York on June 2, 2018, aged 95.


Vermont Republic

The Vermont Republic was a country that existed from 1777 to 1791. It was located on land that was claimed by New York and New Hampshire. It had its own postal system, military, and currency. Even though it had a government, it was not respected by Great Britain or the Continental Congress.

New York and New Hampshire both claimed that Vermont was in their control. This argument was caused by the New Hampshire Grants. The governor of New Hampshire wrote 135 grants giving 6 square miles of land each to create towns. New York also made grants in the same areas.

In January 1777 it was made independent as "New Connecticut". In June, the name was changed to "Vermont". On July 2, 1777, representatives of nearby Vermont towns met in Windsor. They wanted to leave New York and form their own country under a new constitution. The Vermont Constitution was designed to be like the Pennsylvania Constitution, and was very democratic. Adult slavery was banned in Vermont. This made Vermont the first state to not allow slavery. They gave all adult males the right to vote. In the past, only people who owned land could vote. The constitution outlined how eminent domain would work in Vermont, which is where the government can take private property if they pay the owners. It also ordered public schools to be made.

Vermont sent representatives to the United States, the Netherlands, and France to try to discuss peace and trade. They wanted to join the United States as the fourteenth state. Money made in 1785 and 1786 said "STELLA QUARTA DECIMA" on it, which means "the fourteenth star" in Latin.

New York did not want Vermont to become a state because they still said the land was their own. In 1790, representatives of both states met and decided that Vermont would pay $30,000 to New York in exchange for New York respecting the border between the two states at Lake Champlain. After this, Vermont became the 14th state in 1791. At that time, the population was about 85,000.

The Green Mountain Boys were the militia and only military force of Vermont. They began in 1775 after an argument about land between New York and New Hampshire. 

The militia was lead by Major General Ethan Allen, who was born in Vermont and was in the military from 1757 (British Army) until 1780 (Vermont militia).

In 1780, 300 soldiers of the Green Mountain Boys defended against 307 British and Iroquois soldiers in the Royalton raid. The British and Iroquois attacked Vermont as a part of many raids by the British in the American Revolutionary War.

The Green Mountain Boys fought with the Continental Army in the Battle of Ticonderoga and the Battle of Bennington.

Robert Brylewski

Robert Maksymilian Brylewski, also known as. Afa and Robin Goldroker (25 May 1961 – 3 June 2018), was a Polish musician and singer-songwriter. He was born in Warsaw. Brylewski was the co-founder of bands Kryzys, Brygada Kryzys, Izrael and Armia.

Brylewski died in Warsaw on 3 June 2018 at the age of 57, after being assaulted and falling into a coma.

Mario Toros

Mario Toros (9 December 1922 – 3 June 2018) was an Italian politician. He was born in Pagnacco. He served as a Deputy from 1958 to 1972, and as a Senator from 1972 to 1987.

Toros died on 3 June 2018 in Milan at the age of 95.

Omar Razzaz

Omar Razzaz () (born 1 January 1960) is a Jordanian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Jordan from 4 June 2018 to 7 October 2020. He became Prime Minister when his predecessor, Hani Al-Mulki, resigned as a result of widespread protests . From 4 January 2017 until 4 June 2018, he was the Minister of Education. Before, he was the chairman of the board of directors of Jordan Ahli Bank.

Adnan Badran

Adnan Badran () (born 15 December 1935) is a Jordanian scientist, academic and politician. He was the Prime Minister of Jordan from 6 April 2005 to 27 November 2005.

Badran was born in Jerash, Jordan, on 15 December 1935. He received his Bachelor of Science from Oklahoma State University and his MS and Ph.D. degrees from Michigan State University.


Mudar Badran

Mudar Mohammad Ayesh Badran () (18 January 1934 – 22 April 2023) was a Jordanian politician and government minister, and starting 1993, a Jordanian industrialist mainly in steel manufacturing. He served as Prime Minister of Jordan from 1976 to 1979, again from 1980 to 1984, and again from 1989 to 1991.

Badran was born in Jerash, Jordan in 1934. He died on 22 April 2023, at the age of 89.

Zaid al-Rifai

Zaid al-Rifai () (born 27 November 1936) is a Jordanian politician. He was born in Amman, Jordan.

He served as Prime Minister of Jordan and formed four different governments, the last of which was Jordan's longest lasting government in the history of the kingdom. It lasted for a term of 4 years and 20 days from (4 April 1985 to 24 April 1989).

His father, Sameer al-Rifai, and his son, Samir Rifai, all served as Jordanian prime minister.

Zaid al-Rifai was the President of the Senate of Jordan from 1997 to 2009. On 12 December 2009, he resigned from office.


Chicago Pride Parade

The Chicago Pride Parade, also (and formerly) called the Chicago Gay Pride Parade or PRIDE Chicago, is the annual pride parade held on the last Sunday of June in Lake View, Chicago, Illinois in the United States. It is funded and organized by the Chicago City Council and Mayor of Chicago. Chicago's Pride Parade is one of the largest, by attendance, in the world.

The first parade was organized on Saturday, June 27, 1970, as a march from Washington Square Park ("Bughouse Square") to the Water Tower, but then many of the participants marched on to the Civic Center (now Richard J. Daley) Plaza.

For many years, the parade was held only in Lake View East, a neighborhood in Chicago. Recent parades have expanded their routes by extending it to the Uptown neighborhood, beginning at the corner of Broadway and Montrose. The parade then goes south on Broadway to Halsted, continues south on Halsted to Belmont, then east on Belmont to Broadway and finally south again on Broadway to Cannon Drive and Lincoln Park.

In June 2017, the Grand Marshall of the parade was Lea DeLaria and over 1,000,000 attended the parade.

There was no parade in 2020 caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. It returns in 2021.

Washington Square Park (Chicago)

Washington Square, also known as Washington Square Park, is a park in Chicago, Illinois. It is a registered historic landmark that is better known by its nickname Bughouse Square.

It is located in the Near North Side community area of Chicago, Illinois. It was the most celebrated open air free-speech center in the country as well as a popular Chicago tourist attraction. 

It is Chicago's oldest existing small park. It is one of four Chicago Park District parks named after persons surnamed Washington. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 20, 1991.

Gold Coast Historic District (Chicago)

The Gold Coast Historic District is a historic district in Chicago, Illinois, located in Chicago's Near North Side community area. It is roughly bounded by North Avenue, Lake Shore Drive, Oak Street, and Clark Street.

The Gold Coast neighborhood grew in the wake of the Great Chicago Fire. 

In 1882, millionaire Potter Palmer moved to the area from the Prairie Avenue neighborhood on the city's south side. He filled in a swampy area which later became Lake Shore Drive. Other wealthy Chicagoans followed Potter into the neighborhood, which became one of the richest in Chicago.

The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

As of 2011, Gold Coast ranks as the 7th richest urban neighborhood in America with a median household income of $153,358.

Harry R. Truman

Harold R. "Harry" Truman (October 30, 1896 – May 18, 1980) was an American small business owner. He was a resident of the U.S. state of Washington who resided on Mount St. Helens.

He was the owner and caretaker of Mount St. Helens Lodge at Spirit Lake, at the foot of the mountain, he came to fame as a folk hero in the months following the volcano's 1980 eruption after he refused to leave his home despite evacuation orders.

Truman is thought to have been killed by a that overtook his lodge and buried the site under of volcanic debris.


David A. Johnston

David Alexander Johnston (December 18, 1949 – May 18, 1980) was an American USGS volcanologist. He was killed by the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens in Washington. He was a principal scientist on the USGS monitoring team, 

Johnston was killed in the eruption while observing the post away on the morning of May 18, 1980. He was the first to report the eruption, transmitting "Vancouver! Vancouver! This is it!" before he was swept away by a lateral blast.

Rosemont Theatre

The Rosemont Theatre (formerly the Akoo Theatre at Rosemont) is a concert hall in Rosemont, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago. The venue, which has seats for 4,400 people. It opened in 1995. It hosts many different musical artists and shows. It is located near O'Hare International Airport, Allstate Arena and Donald E. Stephens Convention Center.

Donald E. Stephens Convention Center

The Donald E. Stephens Convention Center, formerly known as the Rosemont Convention Center, is a convention center located in Rosemont, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago. It was built in 1975.

The center has exhibition space of and parking available via a Skybridge connected parking garage, which is able to fit 8,000 vehicles.

It is located near O'Hare International Airport, Allstate Arena, Rosemont Theatre, and Fashion Outlets of Chicago. The facility is named after the late mayor of Rosemont, Donald E. Stephens.

Fashion Outlets of Chicago

Fashion Outlets of Chicago is an enclosed outlet mall located in Rosemont, Illinois, United States. The mall is near Interstate 284, O'Hare International Airport and Rosemont Theatre, making it a popular tourist destination. It opened on August 1, 2013, and has more than 140 stores. Owned by Macerich, it was developed with AWE Talisman. 

Construction of the mall begun in November 2011, after an announcement that a new $250 million mall called the Fashion Outlets of Chicago would open in Rosemont, Illinois, near Interstate 284 and O'Hare International Airport. It was planned to have 140 stores and open in 2012. The mall opened on August 1, 2013. In 2015, the mall's owner, Macerich, announced that it would make plans to expand the mall. The expansion required the demolition of the struggling Rosemont Theatre, which was competing with Chicago venues. The Rosemont village gave approval to the 250,000 square feet expansion in 2018, but could not release more details about it. That same year, 57.8 million people visited the mall. The mall called off the project in 2020.

Gurnee Mills

Gurnee Mills is a shopping mall and outlet mall in Gurnee, Illinois, a northern suburb of Chicago near Waukegan. It has of gross leasable area and ten major anchor stores in its Z-shaped single-story building, it is the third largest mall in Illinois, and the largest of the four enclosed shopping centers in Lake County. It is owned and operated by the Simon Property Group, it was an early part of the "Landmark Mills" chain of shopping malls built by the Mills Corporation.

It was once marketed as the "world's largest outlet mall" and draws more than 20 million visitors each year.

Gurnee, Illinois

Gurnee () is a village in Lake County, Illinois, United States. Its population was 30,706 as of the 2020 census. It borders the city of Waukegan and is thought to be a part of the Chicago metropolitan area. It is named after Mayor of Chicago Walter S. Gurnee.

It is best known for being the location of Six Flags Great America and Gurnee Mills, together drawing over 26 million visitors annually.

Harlem Irving Plaza

Harlem Irving Plaza (commonly referred to as "The HIP") is an enclosed mall located in Norridge, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago. The mall features over 100 stores and a food court; anchor stores include Carson's, Kohl's, Best Buy, and Target. It is one of the oldest shopping malls in the Chicago area.

Originally a farm, Harlem Irving Plaza opened in 1956 as a strip mall featuring approximately 45 tenants.

Between 1975 and 1979, the former strip mall was enclosed, and a parking garage was added. Also in 1979, Madigan's was added to the roster of department stores.

In 1988, Kohl's acquired and converted all of the stores in the MainStreet chain; Carson Pirie Scott opened in the former Wieboldt's the same year. A food court was added in 1996, and Best Buy opened in the former Madigan's. Best Buy re-located to the mall's parking lot in 2001; its original location was replaced with a second parking garage.

In 2013, the mall underwent another expansion.

Joseph Atiyeh

Joseph Atiyeh (, born October 8, 1957) is a Syrian wrestler. He won a silver medal in 1984 Olympic Games in mens heavyweight freestyle wrestling.

Bolesław II the Generous

Bolesław II the Generous, also known as the Bold and the Cruel ( ; "Śmiały"; "Okrutny"; c. 1042 – 2 or 3 April 1081 or 1082), was Duke of Poland from 1058 to 1076. He was third King of Poland from 1076 to 1079.

Vechta

Vechta () is a town in Lower Saxony. It is the capital of the Vechta district. About 32,000 people live there.


Robert Lefkowitz

Robert Joseph Lefkowitz (born April 15, 1943) is an American physician (internist and cardiologist) and biochemist. He is best known for his work with G protein-coupled receptors, for which he was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize for Chemistry with Brian Kobilka. He is currently an Investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute as well as a James B. Duke Professor of Medicine and Professor of Biochemistry and Chemistry at Duke University.

Cricket Australia

Cricket Australia (CA), formerly known as the Australian Cricket Board (ACB), is the governing body for professional and amateur cricket in Australia. It was originally formed in 1905 as the "Australian Board of Control for International Cricket". It is incorporated as an Australian Public Company, limited by guarantee.

Cricket Australia operates all of the Australian national representative cricket sides, including the Australia national cricket team, the Australia national women's cricket team and youth sides as well. CA is also responsible for organising and hosting Test tours and one day internationals with other nations, and scheduling the home international fixtures.


Mars (chocolate bar)

The Mars Bar or Mars is a chocolate bar made by Mars, Incorporated. It is made of chocolate-malt nougat topped with a layer of caramel and covered with milk chocolate.

It was first manufactured in 1932 in England, and was advertised to the trade as being made with Cadbury's chocolate couverture. Mars is also sold in the United States, under the "Milky Way" name.

Beaumont, California

Beaumont is a city in Riverside County, California, United States. The population was 53,036 at the 2020 census. This is up from 11,384 in 2000.


Lassen County, California

Lassen County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 32,730. The county seat and only incorporated city is Susanville.

List of current Atlantic Records artists

This is a list of artists who record for Atlantic Records, Artists are listed in alphabetical order. 























Subtropical Storm Alberto

Subtropical Storm Alberto was the first tropical cyclone of the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm was the first tropical or subtropical cyclone to enter the Gulf of Mexico since 1976. It was also the strongest in terms of barometric pressure in May since Hurricane Able in the 1951 Atlantic hurricane season.

The storm struck Georgia and Alabama as a subtropical storm. Winds were when it struck the United States.

Alberto's highest winds were around .

Nine people were killed by the storm in Cuba and the United States.

Tim McInnerny

Timothy L. "Tim" McInnerny ( ; born 18 September 1956) is an English actor. He is known for his many roles on television and stage. Early in his career, he featured as Lord Percy Percy and Captain Darling in the "Blackadder" series. He is best known for his role as Robett Glover in the HBO series "Game of Thrones".

Doug Altman

Douglas Altman FMedSci (12 July 1948 – 3 June 2018) was an English statistician. He was best known for his work on improving the reliability and reporting of medical research and for highly cited papers on statistical methodology. 

Altman was professor of statistics in medicine at the University of Oxford, founder and Director of Centre for Statistics in Medicine and Cancer Research UK Medical Statistics Group, and co-founder of the international Equator Network for health research reliability.

Altman died of colorectal cancer on 3 June 2018 in Oxford at the age of 69.


Pierre Carniti

Pierre Carniti (25 September 1936 – 5 June 2018) was an Italian politician and trade unionist. He was born in Castelleone, in the province of Cremona, Lombardy. He was general secretary of CISL, a major trade union federation, between 1979 and 1985.

Carniti was president of the Parliamentary Commission on Poverty from 1994 to 1997. He was a Member of the European Parliament from 1994 to 1999.

Kate Spade

Kate Valentine (born Katherine Noel Brosnahan; December 24, 1962 – June 5, 2018), known professionally as Kate Spade, was an American fashion designer and businesswoman. She was the namesake and former co-owner of the designer brand Kate Spade New York. She was born in Kansas City, Missouri. Spade was the sister-in-law of David Spade.

Kate and Andy Spade founded Kate Spade New York in 1993. She sold the company to Neiman Marcus Group in 1999 and the rest of the company in 2006.

In 2016, she and her partners launched a new fashion brand called Frances Valentine.

On June 5, 2018, Spade committed suicide by hanging herself at her Manhattan apartment. She was 55 years old. There was a suicide note.


Isfahan province

Isfahan Province (, "Ostān-e Esfahān" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Isfahan.

Zanjan province

Zanjan province (, "Ostān-e Zanjān") is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Zanjan.

Fars province

Fars Province (, "Ostān-e Fārs" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. It is also historically known to foreigners as Persia, Parsa, Persis and is the historical homeland of the Persian people. Its capital is Shiraz. 

Kurdistan province

Kurdistan Province (, "Ostān-e Kurdistān" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Sanandaj.

2017 UEFA Super Cup

The 2017 UEFA Super Cup was the 42nd UEFA Super Cup final, an annual football match organised by UEFA and contested by the reigning champions of the two main European club competitions, the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Europa League. The match featured Spanish side Real Madrid, the title holders and winners of the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League, and English side Manchester United, the winners of the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League. The match was played at the Philip II Arena in Skopje, Macedonia, on 8 August 2017, and was the first UEFA final staged in the country.

Real Madrid won the match 2–1 for their fourth UEFA Super Cup title.

While the two teams had never met in the Super Cup, they had met 10 times in the European Champion Clubs' Cup/UEFA Champions League; Real Madrid have the advantage in the teams' previous meetings, with four wins, four draws and two losses.

The Champions League winners were called as the "home" team for administrative purposes.


Battle of Puebla

The Battle of Puebla took place on 5 May 1862, near Puebla City in Mexico. It was part of  the "Second French intervention in Mexico". The Mexican Army won over the occupying French soldiers.

The French eventually overran the Mexicans in other battles. However, the Mexican victory at Puebla against a much better equipped and larger French army gave a morale boost to the Mexican army. It  also slowed the French army's advance towards Mexico City.

The 1858–60 Mexican civil war (known as the "Reform War") caused major distress in Mexico's economy. When he was elected president in 1861, Benito Juárez was forced to stop payments of interest on foreign debts for two years.

At the end of October 1861 diplomats from Spain, France, and Britain met in London to form the Tripartite Alliance. The main purpose of this alliance was to launch an allied invasion of Mexico, to take control of Veracruz, its major port. The idea was to force the Mexican government to negotiate terms for repaying its debts and for reparations for harm to foreign citizens in Mexico. In December 1861, Spanish troops landed in Veracruz; British and French followed in early January.

The allied forces occupied Veracruz and advanced to Orizaba. The Tripartite Alliance fell apart by early April 1862, when it became clear the French wanted to impose harsh demands on the Juarez government and provoke a war. The British and Spanish withdrew, leaving the French to march alone on Mexico City. Napoleon III wanted to set up a puppet Mexican regime.

T-Mobile Arena

T-Mobile Arena is a multi-purpose indoor arena on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. Opened on April 6, 2016, the arena was built as a joint venture between MGM Resorts International and the Anschutz Entertainment Group.

The arena is the home venue for the National Hockey League's Vegas Golden Knights, who began play in 2017. Since its opening, T-Mobile Arena has primarily been used for entertainment events such as concerts, and has been booked for mixed martial arts and professional boxing events, and well as other annual sporting events. It was used for the biggest fight in boxing history, as measured by pay-per-view revenue; Floyd Mayweather vs. Conor McGregor. 

The arena is accessed by a new development project known as The Park, with retail and dining space between New York-New York and the Park MGM casino hotels.

Jurong Region MRT line

The Jurong Region Line (JRL) is a Mass Rapid Transit line opening in 2026 that is in the western part of Singapore. It reaches north to Choa Chu Kang, south to Jurong Pier, west to Peng Kang Hill and east to Pandan Reservoir. The line will be the seventh MRT line to be built. 

The JRL is the third MRT line in Singapore to be constructed with tracks that are above ground, after the East West Line and the North South Line, and the first MRT line to be built fully above ground, with no parts that are underground or at the ground level.

The line is colored turquoise on the MRT Rail map.

The line mainly serves Jurong and the nearby areas. The line is split into three parts, or branches:


Trains starting at Choa Chu Kang will end at Jurong Pier. Trains starting at Jurong Pier will end at Peng Kang Hill. Lastly, trains starting at Peng Kang Hill will go towards Choa Chu Kang, with Bahar Junction as an interchange point for the 3 services. People who want to change to trains on the east branch can only do so at Tengah. 

Studies for an extension to connect the east branch to the Circle Line at Haw Par Villa are being done.

As early as 1996, plans were made to allow a railway to go to the Nanyang Technological University, from the rest of Singapore. The white paper published by the Land Transport Authority showed that a Light Rail Transit line would run west of Boon Lay station on the East West line towards the university. The JRL was created as a concept, but was dropped because not many people were expected to use the line at that time.

However, in 2013, the JRL was announced again, as a Mass Rapid Transit line that would run from Choa Chu Kang, crossing Boon Lay and Tengah, Jurong East, Jurong Industrial Estate and Jurong West.

Details of the line were announced on 9 May 2018, as a 24-kilometre line with 24 stations. The Choa Chu Kang Bus Interchange, 1 HDB block, and Pioneer Primary School will all be taken by the government for the building of the line.

JRL will start opening in 3 phases from 2026 to 2028.

The JRL has 24 kilometres (15 mi) of tracks, with 24 stations. There are four branches: to Choa Chu Kang in the north, Jurong Pier in the south, Pandan Reservoir in the east and Peng Kang Hill in the west.

There will be a depot at Tengah and a parking area near Peng Kang Hill station to support the operations of the JRL. Rolling stock will be kept at both locations, which will have parking areas for JRL trains. The Tengah Depot, which will also house the JRL Operations Control Centre, will have a bus depot and a workers’ sleeping area combined with it to use the land better. The Peng Kang Hill parking area is located near Peng Kang Hill station, while Tengah depot is located along the western side of Tengah.

The JRL is operated by three-car trains that can be made to become four cars when the number of people using the line goes up. Each car is 18.6 metres long by 2.75 metres wide, which is smaller than those used on other MRT lines because the JRL is above ground and the trains have to run along places with many buildings.

This proposed extension from West Coast to Haw Par Villa via Pasir Panjang would connect the JRL to the Circle line and improve the ability to travel between the western part of Singapore and the Central Business District. It would support the future developments along the JRL, and increase the strength of the Mass Rapid Transit network. New stations would be added in West Coast and Pasir Panjang. The plan was announced in 2015, and as of 2017, studies are ongoing for the proposed extension. If built, the extension would be ready in 2030.


Best Buy

Best Buy is an American multinational consumer electronics retailer with its headquarters in Richfield, Minnesota. It is the largest consumer electronics retailer in the United States.


Bruno Poromaa

Bruno Poromaa (10 May 1936 – 11 September 2016) was a Swedish politician. He was a member of the Riksdag from 1982 to 1994, stepping down to become commissioner of Kiruna Municipality. He retired in 1998.

Poromaa died on 11 September 2016 at the age of 80.

1998 Stanley Cup Finals

The 1998 Stanley Cup Finals was the championship series of the National Hockey League's (NHL) 1997–98 season, and the culmination of the 1998 Stanley Cup playoffs. It was contested by the Western Conference champion and defending Stanley Cup champion Detroit Red Wings and the Eastern Conference champion Washington Capitals. The winner was the Detroit Red Wings.

Ghil'ad Zuckermann

Ghil'ad Zuckermann (, ) is a linguist who examines the relationship between language and identity. He looks at different languages and finds out how one culture influences another culture. He analyses the role of language in politics and nationhood, and the dynamics between language, religion and society. He discovers the origins of words. He figures out how new words enter a language. He investigates words that come . 

He is "a leading world expert in language revival". He reclaims languages that are no longer spoken. He believes that reviving languages is good, beautiful and helpful. He suggests that we should compensate people whose mother tongue was "killed". He also believes that we should make indigenous tongues the official languages of their region, and that we should have official signs in several languages at the same time.

He knows a lot about the revival of the Hebrew language. He was interviewed about it by Stephen Fry.

He gives lectures at the University of Adelaide in Australia. He also teaches students from all over the world in an online course that he created on "Language Revival: Securing the Future of Endangered Languages". In this course he had more than 20,000 learners from 190 different countries.

He was born in Tel Aviv on 1 June 1971. He studied at the University of Oxford (St Hugh's College), University of Cambridge (Churchill College), Tel Aviv University and United World College of the Adriatic.

He speaks many languages.







Climax

The climax is the part of a movie or story, with the most suspense or terrifying moment. It may be the main character is about to die or the villain is going to capture the heroes.

Climax is most often used when the author want you to be worried or frightened. They do this to make you continue reading the book or to make you continue watching the movie. Climax is normally found near the end of the story or movie. It is near the conclusion.


Fernando Mazariegos

José Fernando Mazariegos Anleu (21 March 1938 – 2 June 2018), was a Guatemalan inventor. He was known for the creation of the drinking water filter called "Ecofilter", which was developed in 1990 as part of a project of the Central American Institute of Industrial Research and Technology (ICAITI).


Brian Browne

Brian Browne (March 16, 1937 – June 5, 2018) was a Canadian jazz pianist and composer.

Browne began performing in popular jazz venues in Ottawa and Toronto, and appearing in national weekly CBC Radio programs "Adventures in Rhythm", "The Browne Beat", "Nightcap", "Jazz Canada" and others. His group, the Brian Browne Trio, performed as the house band on the CTV musical variety program "The River Inn". In 1969 Browne appeared as one of four featured pianists, including Bill Evans, Erroll Garner and Marian McPartland, on the CBC television special "The Jazz Piano".

Browne has recorded 11 albums on Capitol Records, RCA Victor, CBC JazzImage, and Sea Jam Recordings (now Triplet Records). He died of lung and throat cancer on June 5, 2018.


Denman (horse)

Denman (17 April 2000 – 5 June 2018) was an Irish-bred National Hunt racehorse sired by Presenting. He was known as "The Tank", Denman was widely known for his great rivalry with Kauto Star for the Cheltenham Gold Cup. This large horse with a front-running style won the Cheltenham Gold Cup in 2008.

Denman was euthanized at Paul Nicholls' Ditcheat stables on 5 June 2018, aged 18.

Tinus Bosselaar

Martinus "Tinus" Bosselaar (January 16, 1936 – June 6, 2018) was a Dutch footballer. He was active as a left winger. Bosselaar was born in Rotterdam. He played for the Netherlands national football team from 1955 to 1962. He also played for Sparta and Feyenoord.

Bosselaar died on June 6, 2018 in Rotterdam of heart failure at the age of 82.


Kira Muratova

Kira Georgievna Muratova (; ; ; née Korotkova, 5 November 1934 – 6 June 2018) was a Soviet-Russian was a Ukrainian movie director, screenwriter and actress. She was known for her unusual directorial style. Her movies underwent a great deal of censorship in the Soviet Union.

In 1994, she was awarded the Leopard of Honour for her life oeuvre at The Locarno International Film Festival (Switzerland) and in 2000, she was given the Andrzej Wajda Freedom Award.


Ralph Santolla

Ralph Santolla (December 8, 1969 – June 6, 2018) was an American metal guitarist. He played in many bands, most recently Deicide, but also including Eyewitness, Death (he never recorded any of their albums, but toured with them in 1993 and appeared in "The Philosopher" video), Millenium, Iced Earth, and the Sebastian Bach band. He was well known for his shred guitar playing style.

On May 31, 2018, it was reported that Santolla had suffered a heart attack and fallen into a coma. He was taken off life support and died on June 6, 2018, aged 48.

Zodiac Killer

The Zodiac Killer was a serial killer who operated in Northern California from at least the late 1960s to the early 1970s. The killer's identity remains unknown. The Zodiac murdered victims in Benicia, Vallejo, Lake Berryessa, and San Francisco between December 1968 and October 1969. Four men and three women between the ages of 16 and 29 were targeted. The killer originated the name "Zodiac" in a series of taunting letters sent to the local Bay Area press. These letters included four cryptograms (or ciphers). Of the four cryptograms sent, only one has been definitively solved.
Suspects have been named by law enforcement and amateur investigators, mainly led by Dave Toschi. Still no conclusive evidence has surfaced. The San Francisco Police Department (SFPD) marked the case "inactive" in April 2004, but re-opened it at some point prior to March 2007. The case also remains open in the city of Vallejo, as well as in Napa County and Solano County. The California Department of Justice has maintained an open case file on the Zodiac murders since 1969. 

Although the Zodiac claimed 37 murders in letters to the newspapers, investigators agree on only seven confirmed victims, two of whom survived. They are:


The following murder victims are suspected to be victims of Zodiac, though none have been confirmed:

There is also a suspected third escapee from the Zodiac Killer:


FBI Files:

Wulingyuan

Wulingyuan ) is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in south-central China's Hunan Province. 

The site has over 3,000 quartzite sandstone pillars and peaks, many over in height. There are many ravines and gorges with attractive streams, pools, lakes, rivers and waterfalls. 

There are 40 caves, many with large calcite deposits. There are two natural bridges, Xianrenqiao ("Bridge of the Immortals") and Tianqiashengkong ("Bridge Across the Sky").

The site is between and . This is about to the northwest of Changsha, the capital of Hunan Province. The park covers an area of 690 square kilometers (266 square miles). 

Wulingyuan is part of the Wuling Mountain Range. The scenic area has four national parks. Overall there are over 560 attraction sights to view.

Upland and lowland

Upland and lowland are terms used in ecology, physical geography and geology. They describe the relative height of land above sea level.

Uplands have rivers and streams which are fast-flowing, clear, and with plenty of oxygen. They drain high or mountainous country, and go down into broad plains (where they become lowland rivers. Lowlands usually have warmer, slow-flowing waters carrying lots of sediment and with poor oxygen content.

Upland rivers run fast and cut through rock (Colorado River). Lowland rivers meander slowly towards the coast (Mississippi River). They carry lots of soil and are a dark colour. Therefore the fish and other animals which live in the river are quite different according to the two stages or types of river.

The terms also apply to large areas of land. Because mountain-building (orogeny) lifts up huge sections of the Earth, there are large areas which are well above sea level: the highlands. But on the trailing edge of a continent, the land is low. So the Americas are (broadly speaking) high on the west (the American Cordillera) and low on the east (Amazon, St. Lawrence River / Great Lakes basin, Mississippi, and La Plata). This is a consequence of plate tectonics, as the Americas have moved slowly west for over 100 million years. The Appalachians are a far older chain of ground-down mountains carried along by the continent as it moved west.

The same pattern can be seen in other continents, especially with great rivers such as the Congo and the Indus. Australia is the exception: its mountain ranges are very ancient and worn down. Recent plate tectonics there has not been so significant as elsewhere.

Channel 5 (British TV channel)

Channel 5 is a free television channel in the United Kingdom. It started on 30 March 1997. It is owned by Channel 5 Broadcasting Ltd, and is operated by Paramount Networks UK and Australia. It is one of the main five channels in the United kingdom .

The station was called Five between 2002 and 2011, when it was owned by the RTL Group. It changed back to the name "Channel 5" after Richard Desmond bought the station. It was then bought by Viacom in 2014 for £450 million (US$759 million).

Channel 5

Channel 5 may refer to:




Kurt Marti

Kurt Marti (31 January 1921 –11 February 2017) was a Swiss theologian and poet. His poetry often has theological and religious aspects to it. He was also known for dialect literature said to have intellectual quality. Marti was born in Bern.

Marti died on 11 February 2017 in Bern at the age of 96.

Patrick Malo

Bihetoué Patrick Malo (born 18 February 1992) is a Burkinabé football player. He plays for Smouha as a centre back. He was born in Ouagadougou.

Malo has played for USFA, SOA, JS Kabylie and Smouha.

Kilchberg

Kilchberg can mean:




Golf Mill Shopping Center

Golf Mill Shopping Center is a shopping mall at 239 Golf Mill Center in Niles, Illinois, United States. The shopping center has a gross leasable area of 1.1 million square feet. It is managed by Sterling Retail Services. It borders the intersections of Golf Road (Illinois Route 58), Milwaukee Avenue (Illinois Route 21) and Greenwood Avenue. The shopping center has over 100 specialty shops, five department stores (JCPenney, Sears, Target, Kohl's and Ross Dress for Less), an AMC Theatres, two grocery stores (Shop & Save Market, Gordon Food Service Store), an XSport Fitness gym, a 9-story office tower and other outparcels. The mall was originally opened to the public in October 1960. The mall was sold in 2014 for $60 million.

Baume-les-Dames

Baume-les-Dames is a commune. It is in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France. In 2015, 5,241 people lived there.


Odinani

Odinani is the traditional religion of the Igbo people of southern Nigeria. Odinani has monotheistic and panentheistic ideas. It has one God as the source of all things. 

Acantholipan

Acantholipan was a large, armored, quadrupedal (it walked on four legs), tank-like dinosaur from Mexico. 

It includes one species, "Acantholipan gonzalezi." The fossils were found in Coahuila, Mexico.

Chvrches discography

Scottish synth-pop band Chvrches have made four studio albums, four extended plays (EPs), twenty one singles, two promotional singles and nineteen music videos.


Tomodachi Life

Tomodachi Life is a Nintendo 3DS game released in 2013 by Nintendo. The game is a sequel to the Japan-only game "Tomodachi Collection". The game starts by naming your island and making a Mii that is your "lookalike". Players then can create more Miis to inhabit their island.

The game first starts the player on an empty island. On the island, you are to give the island a name. Afterwards, you must give your island a look-alike Mii that looks like you. Then you will feed them, give them another Mii to live with. After this is complete, the player is allowed to make as many Miis as they want to unlock other parts of the island such as an interior or clothing store. The game does not end, and you can play for as long as you want.

David Douglas Duncan

David Douglas Duncan (January 23, 1916 – June 7, 2018) was an American photojournalist. He was best known for his dramatic combat photographs.

His wartime photographs were so impressive that after the war he was hired by "Life" to join its staff at the urging of J.R. Eyerman, "Life"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s chief photographer. During his time with "Life", Duncan covered many events, including the end of the British Raj in India and conflicts in Turkey, Eastern Europe, Africa, and the Middle East.

He turned 100 in January 2016. and died in June 2018 in Grasse, aged 102.


Fu Da-ren

Fu Da-ren (; 3 April 1933 – 7 June 2018) was a Taiwanese television presenter, sports author and activist. He received a Golden Bell Award in 1980.

In later life, Fu was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, and actively supported euthanasia. He decided not be euthanized and received a visit from Tsai Ing-wen upon his return to Taiwan. Fu underwent euthanasia on 7 June 2018 in Switzerland, aged 85.

Arie den Hartog

Arie den Hartog (23 April 1941 – 7 June 2018) was a Dutch road bicycle racer. Hartog won the Milan–San Remo Classic in 1965, as well as the Amstel Gold Race in 1967. He was born in Zuidland, Netherlands.

Hartog died in The Hague on 7 June 2018 at the age of 77.


Francis Smerecki

Francis Smerecki (25 July 1949 – 7 June 2018) was a French football player and manager. He was known for playing with Limoges. He managed Guingamp and national youth team. He was born in Le Mans, France.

Smerecki died on 7 June 2018 at the age of 68.


Larry Cedar

Larry Cedar (born March 6, 1955) is an American actor and a voice actor. He is best known for playing Leon, the opium-addicted thief and faro dealer, in the internationally acclaimed HBO series, "Deadwood".





Anna Sewell

Anna Sewell (30 March 1820 – 25 April 1878) was an English novelist. She is best known as the author of the 1877 novel "Black Beauty," one of the top ten best selling novels for children ever written.

Anna Sewell was born in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. After a childhood injury, she was confined to her house, and got around largely by carriage horse. Sewell spent her last years writing the children's classic "Black Beauty" (1877), a fictional autobiography of a gentle, highbred horse. She died of hepatitis in 1878, just five months after her book was published.

Sewell’s concern for the humane treatment of horses began early in life. Crippled at a young age, she had difficulty walking, but she could drive a horse-drawn carriage. Her father took the train to work, and she drove her father to and from the station. Later, after reading an essay on animals by Horace Bushnell, she stated that one of her goals in writing was “to induce kindness, sympathy, and an understanding treatment of horses.”

Sewell’s introduction to writing began in her youth when she helped edit the works of her mother—a deeply religious, popular author of juvenile best-sellers. Sewell spent the last seven or eight years of her life—confined to her house as an invalid—writing Black Beauty. The book, a fictional autobiography of a gentle highbred horse, had a strong moral purpose. It may have helped abolish the cruel practice of using the checkrein.

Thomas Clarkson

Thomas Clarkson (28 March 1760 – 26 September 1846) was an English abolitionist. He helped start the "Society for Effecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade".

Umar Sheikh Mirza

Sa'id Mirza and father of Babur.

Consorts


Sons


Daughters



Anthony Bourdain

Anthony Michael Bourdain (June 25, 1956 – June 8, 2018) was an American celebrity chef, author, and television personality, known as one of the most influential chefs in the world.

Bourdain first became known for his 2000 book "Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly". His first food and world-travel television series was "A Cook's Tour", which ran for 35 episodes on the Food Network from 2002 through 2003.

In 2005, Bourdain began hosting the Travel Channel's culinary and cultural adventure programs "" (2005–2012) and "The Layover" (2011–2013). In 2013, he switched to CNN to host "".

On June 8, 2018, Bourdain was found dead of an apparent suicide by hanging in his hotel room in Kaysersberg-Vignoble, Haut-Rhin, France. He was working on an episode of "" in Strasbourg, France. He was 61 years old. At the time of his death, he was in a relationship with actress Asia Argento.


Stefan Weber

Stefan Weber (8 November 1946 – 7 June 2018) was an Austrian art teacher and the lead singer and "Kapellmeister" of the Viennese band Drahdiwaberl. Their only Hit in Austria was the song "Lonely" produced with Lukas Resetarits which peaked at rank four in the Austrian Single charts. He was born in Vienna. The three albums "Psychoterror", "MC Ronalds Massaker" and "Werwolfromantik" peaked in the Austrian Top-Ten album charts and every album sold more than 30.000 copies. "Psychoterror" was certified with Gold in Austria.

Weber died in Vienna on 7 June 2018 at the age of 71.


Charles Krauthammer

Charles Krauthammer (; March 13, 1950 – June 21, 2018) was an American syndicated Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist, author, political commentator, and former physician. His weekly column was syndicated to more than 400 publications worldwide.

Krauthammer was paralyzed from the waist down due to a diving board accident while at Harvard University.

He was a weekly panelist on PBS news program "Inside Washington" from 1990 until it finished in December 2013. He is a contributing editor to "The Weekly Standard" and a nightly panelist on Fox News Channel's "Special Report with Bret Baier".

On June 8, 2018, Krauthammer announced that he had been suffering from small intestine cancer the "past ten months." He died two weeks later on June 21 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 68.

Eunice Lam

Eunice Lam Yin-nei (; 31 January 1943 – 4 June 2018) was a Hong Kong writer, columnist, businesswoman, and socialite. She was called the "prodigal daughter" of Hong Kong. She published more than eighty books, many of which have been adapted into films. She also wrote regular columns for the newspaper "Ming Pao".

Lam was married to Peter Lee, brother of the kung-fu star Bruce Lee.

Lam died of lung cancer on 4 June 2018 at the age of 75.

J. B. Munro

John Baldwin Munro (né John Baldwin, 15 August 1936 – 4 June 2018), better known as J. B. Munro, was a New Zealand politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was also a disability activist. He was born in Gore, New Zealand. He served on the New Zealand Parliament for Invercargill from 1972 to 1975.

He died in Christchurch on 4 June 2018, aged 81.

Feng Ting-kuo

Feng Ting-kuo (; 24 September 1950 – 5 June 2018) was a Taiwanese politician. He served on the Taipei City Council from 1985 to 1988, and was a member of the National Assembly between 1992 and 1996. He then represented Taichung County in the Legislative Yuan until 2008.

In the early morning of 5 June 2018, Feng died of cardiac arrest at the age of 67.

Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007 was the fifth edition of the contest. It took place at the Ahoy' indoor sporting arena in Rotterdam, the Netherlands on 8 December 2007, Dutch broadcaster AVRO was the host broadcaster for the event. The motto for the contest was ""Make A Big Splash"".

Below is a summary of all 12 points received:

Ondřej Palát

Ondřej Palát (born 28 March 1991) is a Czech professional ice hockey winger. He is an alternate captain of the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted in the seventh round, 208th overall, by the Lightning at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft.

The Bones of What You Believe

The Bones of What You Believe is Chvrches's first studio album. The album contains singles like "The Mother We Share", "Recover", "Gun", "Lies" and "Tether". The album has been certified Gold by the BPI in the UK with sales of one hundred and eighty-four thousand copies.

Every Open Eye

Every Open Eye is Chvrches's second studio album. The album contains singles like "Leave a Trace", "Clearest Blue", "Empty Threat" and "Bury It". The album has been certified Silver by the BPI in the UK with sales of sixty thousand copies.

Love Is Dead (Chvrches album)

Love Is Dead is Chvrches's third studio album. The album contains singles like "Get Out", "My Enemy", "Never Say Die" and "Miracle".

LGBT rights at the United Nations

Discussions of LGBT rights at the United Nations have included resolutions and joint statements in the United Nations General Assembly and the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC). 

Since its founding in 1945, the United Nations political bodies had not discussed LGBT rights (regarding equality regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity) until September 1995. In the negotiations on the Draft of the 1995 Beijing Platform for Action, sexual orientation became a topic of debate at the 4th World Conference on Women. These discussions on "sexual orientation" can not be found in the text of the meetings. Nevertheless, it was the first time governments had an explicit opinion in favour or against the inclusion and recognition of sexual orientation. Beverley Palesa Ditsie became the first openly lesbian person to address the United Nations regarding LGBT issues, calling for States to adopt resolutions that recognized sexual diversity. 


Indian Penal Code

The Indian Penal Code (IPC) is the main criminal code of modern India. It is a code meant to cover all aspects of criminal law. The code was drafted on 6th October 1860. on the recommendation of first law commission of india established in 1834 under the charter Act of 1833 under the chairmanship of Thomas Babington Macaulay.It came into force in British India during the early British Raj period in 1862. However, it did not apply automatically in the Princely states. They had their own courts and legal systems until the 1940s. The Code has been amended several times and is now supplemented by other criminal provisions.

After the Partition of the British Indian Empire, the Indian Penal Code was inherited by its successor states, the Dominion of India and the Dominion of Pakistan (where it continues as the Pakistan Penal Code). After the separation of Bangladesh from Pakistan, the code continued in force there. The code was also adopted by the British colonial authorities in colonial Burma, Ceylon (modern Sri Lanka), the Straits Settlements (now part of Malaysia), Singapore and Brunei. It is the basis of the criminal codes in those countries.

Pakistani nationality law

The Pakistani nationality law are the laws on citizenship of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. The main law on nationality, the Pakistan Citizenship Act, was passed by the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan on 13 April 1951. Pakistan is the only country in Asia with unconditional "jus soli" citizenship rights.

Before the creation of Pakistan, it was part of the British Indian Empire which also included India and Bangladesh. The people were British subjects. Pakistan was founded on 14 August 1947 as a state for Muslims. It was a Dominion in the British Commonwealth. Pakistan then included modern-day Bangladesh, which was known as East Bengal and East Pakistan. Bangladesh became independent from Pakistan in 1971. After independence in 1947, several millions of Muslims emigrated to Pakistan from India, and several millions of Hindus and Sikhs who had been living in Pakistan emigrated to India. This raised a number of citizenship issues.

The Pakistan Citizenship Act became law on 13 April 1951. Its purpose was "to make provision for citizenship of Pakistan". The Act has been amended several times, the last time in 2000. The Act is divided into 23 sections, each one about a different provision of citizenship.

Since independence, many Pakistanis have moved to live in the Middle East, Europe and North America. This has led to several changes in Pakistani nationality law. Dual citizenship is allowed in certain cases:

Pakistanis with dual citizenship can not hold public office, sit in the assemblies, contest elections or join the Pakistani military.

Both Pakistan and India claim to the disputed region of Kashmir. This has been the subject of several wars between the two countries. The Pakistani Citizenship Act of 1951 allowed persons who were subjects of the state of Jammu and Kashmir to travel under a Pakistani passport and be considered a citizen of Pakistan.

The independence of Bangladesh in 1971 led to around half a million "stranded Pakistanis". These people trace their heritage to the Bihar region. Despite official promises, Bangladesh refuses to accept them as citizens. Conversely, a continuous migration of Bangladeshis between 1971 and 1995 led their population increasing to more 1.6 million. There were only 10,000 at the time of separation. The migrants are mostly illegal and are not given the citizenship, as they migrated after the separation.

For political and other reasons, the 1.5 million registered Afghan refugees in Pakistan are not given Pakistani nationality, even though most of them were born in Pakistan.


Child labour in Pakistan

Child labour is one of the major problems of Pakistan: The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan estimated in the 1990s, that 11 million children were working in the country; half of them were under the age of ten. 
There are a number of laws which tells when children are allowed to work. These laws include:

The problem is that these laws are ignored most of the time. Some 11 million children, aged four to fourteen, keep the country's factories working, often working in bad conditions.
In December 2014, the U.S. Department of Labor's "List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor" reported nine goods of which six are produced by child workers in Pakistan. These include the making of bricks, carpets, glass bangles, leather and surgical instruments, as well as coal mining.

International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association

The International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association (ILGA) is an international organization bringing together more than 750 LGBTI groups from around the world. It continues to be active in campaigning for LGBT rights and Intersex human rights on the international Human rights and Civil rights scene, and regularly petitions the United Nations and governments. ILGA is represented in 110+ countries across the world. ILGA is accredited by the United Nations and has been granted NGO Ecosoc consultative status.

Sex work

Carol Leigh first used the terms sex worker and sex work in 1978, to refer to prostitution, and related concepts. By using this new term, Leigh wanted to avoid the negative connotations. Sex work is paid work in the industry, such as prostitution, erotic dancing, and starring in pornographic movies. It does not refer to related illegal activities, such as human trafficking or other non-consensual sex.

It is difficult to say how many sex workers there are. This is because of the stigma of being a sex worker. In addition, most academic work focuses on prostitution, escorts and exotic dancing; there is little research on other forms of sex work.

Interviews with men and women escorts show gender differences in these escorts' experiences. On average, women escorts charged much more than men. Compared to traditional women escorts, women in niche markets charged lower rates. However, this difference in rates did not exist for men escorts. Men escorts reported widespread acceptance in the gay community; they were much more likely to tell about their occupation. This community acceptance is fairly unusual to the gay community and not the experience of many women sex workers. Also, heterosexual men prostitutes are much more likely than heterosexual women prostitutes to entertain same-gender clients because they need to: most clients are men. In general, there is a greater social expectation for women to engage in emotional labor than there is for men; there are also greater consequences if they do not.

Pravachanasara

Pravachansara is a Jain religion text. It means "the essence of the doctrine".

It has 275 verses in total. It consists of two books and an appendix. Book I is called "Knowledge" and has 92 verses. Book II is called "Knowable" and has 108 verses. The appendix is called "Conduct" and has 75 verses.

The first verse of book I is:

Here I pay obeisance to VArdhamana, the saviour, the promulgator of the law, who is saluted by the suras, Asuras and lords of men, and who has washed off the dirt of destructive Karmas.
The last verse of book I is:

The great souled Sramana, who has put an end to his delusive vision, who is expert in scriptures and who has established himself in conduct free from attachment, is qualified as Dharma.
The first verse of book II is:

The object of knowledge is made up of substances, which are said to be characterised by qualities, and with which, moreover, are (associated) the modifications; those, who are deluded by modifications, are false believers.

The last verse of book II is:

Therefore, thus realizing the soul as the knower by nature, I give up the notion of mineness and have come to adopt the (notion of) non-attachment.
The first verse of Appendix is:

Having saluted the Siddhas, the foremost great Jinas and the saints have 
The last verse of Appendix is:

He, who practising the course of duties of a house-holder and of a monk, comprehends this doctrine, realizes, within a short time, the essence of the doctrine (the Self).

Palestinian National Authority

The Gaza-Jericho agreement of 1994 established an organisation to rule the Gaza Strip, and parts of the West Bank. This organization was called Palestinian National Authority (PA or PNA; ""). This followed from the 1993 Oslo Accords for which The Nobel Peace Prize 1994 was awarded jointly to Yasser Arafat, Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Rabin "for their efforts to create peace in the Middle East.". After the elections in 2006 and the Fatah-Hamas conflict the Palestinian Authority only had control over the areas in the West Bank. Since January 2013, the Fatah-controlled Palestinian Authority uses the name "State of Palestine" on official documents.

On the morning of 26 February 2024, the entire PNA government resigned from office. This included the prime minister Mohammad Shtayyeh. The mass-resignation came from popular opposition to the Palestinian Authority and pressure from the United States during the Israel–Hamas war.

Pakistan Green Party

The Pakistan Green Party is a green democratic Political party in Pakistan. It was founded on April 28, 2002, and since has been active in local politics. Members of the political party are known as the "Pakistan Greens".

Jus soli

Jus soli (), means "right of the soil". This is often called birthright citizenship. This is the right of anyone born in a country to have nationality or citizenship.

"Jus soli" was part of the common law. It was different to "jus sanguinis", from the Roman law that became part of the civil-law systems of continental Europe. Where it exists, there are often conditions. For example, some countries deny citizenship to children of foreign diplomats. 

Almost all states in Europe, Asia, Africa and Oceania grant citizenship at birth based upon the principle of "jus sanguinis" (right of blood). Citizenship is inherited through parents not by birthplace. Sometimes it can be a version of "jus soli" in which citizenship by birthplace is automatic only for the children of certain immigrants. 

Oriental magpie-robin

The oriental magpie-robin ("Copsychus saularis") is a small passerine bird. It was classed as a member of the thrush family Turdidae. Now it is considered an Old World flycatcher.

Hylarana tytleri

Hylarana tytleri (also known as Theobald's ranid frog, yellow-striped frog, leaf frog, and leaping frog) is a frog species in the family Ranidae. It is found in eastern and northeastern Republic of India, Bangladesh, and southern Nepal, and possibly at lower elevations in Bhutan.

Keokradong

Keokradong is a peak located in Bandarban District, Bangladesh, with an elevation of 986 metres (3,235 ft). Some sources claim it as the highest point of Bangladesh.

Nikolai Lugansky

Nikolai Lugansky (; born 26 April 1972) is a Russian pianist.

Nikolai Lugansky was born on 26 April 1972 in Moscow, Russia, to research scientist parents. When he was 5 years old, before he had learned to read music, he played a Beethoven piano sonata that he learned by ear. He studied piano at the Moscow Central Music School and the Moscow Conservatory. His teachers included Tatiana Kestner, Tatiana Nikolayeva and Sergei Dorensky.

During the 1980s and early 1990s, Lugansky won prizes at numerous piano competitions, most importantly the Silver Medal at the Tchaikovsky International Piano Competition in 1994 (no first prize was awarded). At the same time he began to make recordings on the Melodiya (USSR) and Vanguard Classics (Netherlands) labels. His performance at the Winners' Gala Concert of the 10th International Tchaikovsky Competition was recorded and released on the Pioneer Classics label, on both CD and video laser disc formats. This was followed by more recordings for Japanese labels. He went on to make recordings for Warner Classics, Erato Records, PENTATONE, Onyx Classics, Deutsche Grammophon, and Naïve Records. In 2018, Lugansky signed an exclusive recording contract with Harmonia Mundi.

Lugansky has performed together with Vadim Repin, Alexander Kniazev, Anna Netrebko, Joshua Bell, Yuri Bashmet, Vadim Rudenko, Mischa Maisky and Leonidas Kavakos, among others.

In addition, Lugansky has played piano concertos with conductors like Riccardo Chailly, Christoph Eschenbach, Vladimir Fedoseyev, Valery Gergiev, Neeme Järvi, Kurt Masur, Mikhail Pletnev, Gennady Rozhdestvensky, Yuri Simonov, Leonard Slatkin, Tugan Sokhiev, Vladimir Spivakov, Evgeny Svetlanov, Yuri Temirkanov and Edo de Waart.

In addition to performing and recording, Lugansky teaches at the Moscow Conservatory.

Lugansky lives in Moscow with his wife and three children.






Sanqingshan

Sanqingshan is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in China. It is based on Mount Sanqing, which is a renowned Taoist sacred mountain.

The mountain is north of Yushan County in Jiangxi Province, China. It has outstanding scenery. There are three main summits: Yujing, Yushui, and Yuhua, symbolising the Taoist trinity.

Mount Sanqing is a national park of China. It is a famous "honeypot" (place for tourists) and a home of over 2300 species of plants and 400 species of vertebrates. The total area of Mount Sanqing is 229 km². It became a National Geopark in 2005 and a World Heritage Site in 2008.

These granite mountains hold the evidence of a billion years of geological evolution. This includes the evidence of important geological events, such as the amalgamation of the supercontinent Rodinia.

Transcriptome

The transcriptome is the set of all RNA molecules in one cell or a population of cells. RNA transcribes the base sequence from DNA by the process called transcription. The term 'transcriptome' is sometimes used to refer to all RNAs, or just mRNA, depending on the particular experiment.

It includes only those RNA molecules found in a particular cell population. It usually includes the amount or concentration of each RNA molecule, and the molecular identities. It differs from the exome: that refers only to the bits of RNA which do code for proteins.

In the human genome, about 5% of all genes get transcribed into RNA.

The transcriptome is coding mRNA (about 1-4% of its entirety) and non-coding RNAs (the rest). Non-coding RNAs do not give rise to proteins. The number of non-protein-coding sequences increases in more complex organisms.

Exome

The exome is the part of the genome composed of exons. In RNA, introns are removed by RNA splicing. That leaves the sections of the RNA which actually code for the final protein. Exome sequencing is the way researchers find the causes of many inherited diseases.

DNA damage theory of ageing

The DNA damage theory of ageing is that ageing happens because damage happens in the individual's DNA. The damage accumulates (builds up) even though there are cell mechanisms that repair most of the damage.

Although both mitochondrial and the cell nucleus may have DNA damage, nuclear DNA is the main subject of this analysis.

List of post towns in the United Kingdom

This is a list of post towns in the United Kingdom and Crown dependencies, sorted by the postcode area (the first part of the outward code of a postcode). For more information, see the post town article.


List of most luminous stars

This list of most luminous stars is of Milky Way and Magellanic Cloud objects. A few stars in other local group galaxies can be seen in enough detail to work out their the luminosities. The list is more or less complete for stars down to 2,000,000 times the luminosity of the Sun.

Despite their extreme luminosity, many of these stars are too distant to be observed with the naked eye. Stars that are at least sometimes visible to the unaided eye have their apparent magnitude (6.5 or brighter) highlighted in blue.

Determiner

In linguistics, a determiner (abbreviated DET) is a word which adds information to a noun. It gives information about the context of the noun. A determiner may show whether the thing described is definite or indefinite, closer or more distant, singular or plural, etc. 

Common kinds of determiners include definite and indefinite articles (like the English "the" and "a" or "an"), demonstratives ("this" and "that"), possessives ("my" and "their"), quantifiers ("many", "few" and "several"), numerals ("three, twenty"), this may mean it tells you how many of something there is.

Grammatical number

Grammatical number is the way numbers and counting are fitted into sentences.

Most languages have ways to express differences of number. 

Common categories of grammatical number are singular (one) or plural (not one). Some languages, also have a notion of dual, for two, or of paucal, for "a few".

Some languages (like Chinese) do not have the concept of grammatical number, and numbers or other quantifiers are used if necessary. Finally, there may be words that have only one form or are not countable.


E4 (TV channel)

E4 is a television channel that broadcasts in the United Kingdom. The "E" stands for "entertainment", It started on 18 January 2001. On 14 December 2009 E4 started a High Definition version of their channel on Sky+ HD. Channel 4 owns E4.


Carroll County, Georgia

Carroll County, Georgia is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. The county's capital is Carrollton. As of 2020, Carroll County had a population of 119,148 people.


Paulding County, Georgia

Paulding County, Georgia is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. Its county seat is Dallas. As of 2020, Paulding County had a population of 168,661 people.



Cobb County, Georgia

Cobb County, Georgia is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. The county's capital is Marietta. As of 2020, Cobb County had a population of 766,149 people.


Dhiraj Choudhury

Dhiraj Choudhury (1 April 1936 – 1 June 2018) was an Indian painter. He had more than eighty exhibitions, including sixteen international painting exhibitions. He was born in Brahmanbaria District, British India (now Bangladesh).

Choudhury died on 1 June 2018 in Kolkata, West Bengal, India at the age of 82.

Franz M. Wuketits

Franz Manfred Wuketits (5 January 1955 – 6 June 2018) was an Austrian biologist, university teacher and epistemologist. He has written on epistemology, the history and theory of biology, evolution theory, evolutionary ethics, evolutionary epistemology and sociobiology.

From 1987 till 2004 he was employed at the University of Graz where he taught the philosophy of biology. He also had guest professorships at several other universities including the Vienna University of Technology (1998–2004) and, in Palma de Majorca, at the University of the Balearic Islands (2006, 2008, 2009, 2010).


Per Ahlmark

Per Axel Ahlmark (15 January 1939 – 8 June 2018) was a Swedish politician and writer. He was the leader of the Liberal People's Party from 1975 to 1978. He was Minister for Employment and Deputy Prime Minister from 1976 to 1978. He was also a member of the Swedish parliament from 1967 to 1978.

Ahlmark died on 8 June 2018 at the age of 79.

Maria Bueno

Maria Esther Andion Bueno (11 October 1939 – 8 June 2018) was a Brazilian professional tennis player. She played for eleven years in the 1950s and 1960s. She won 19 Grand Slam titles (seven in women's singles, 11 in women's doubles, and one in mixed doubles). That made her the most successful South American female tennis player in history.

Bueno was the year-end number-one ranked female player in 1959 and 1960. She was known for her graceful style of play.

In 1960, Bueno became the first woman to win a calendar-year Grand Slam (all four major tennis tournaments in a year). Three of them were with Darlene Hard. The other was with Christine Truman).

On 8 June 2018, Bueno died from oral cancer and merkel-cell carcinoma at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil, aged 78.

Eunice Gayson

Eunice Gayson (17 March 1928, Croydon, Surrey – 8 June 2018) was an English actress. She was best known for playing Sylvia Trench, James Bond's girlfriend in the first two Bond movies ("Dr. No" and "From Russia with Love"). She was the first official Bond girl. Gayson was going to be cast as Miss Moneypenny, but that part went to Lois Maxwell instead. 

Gayson died on 8 June 2018 in London, aged 90.


Danny Kirwan

Daniel David Kirwan (13 May 1950 – 8 June 2018) was a British Hall of Fame blues rock guitarist and singer-songwriter. He was born in London. His greatest success came with his role as a member of the band Fleetwood Mac between 1968 and 1972.

Kirwan died on 8 June 2018 in London from pneumonia at the age of 68.

Liu Yichang

Liu Yichang (; 7 December 1918 – 8 June 2018), was a Hong Kong writer, editor, and publisher. He was born in Shanghai. His best known works are "The Drunkard" (1963) and "Intersection" (1993), which is made of two interconnected stories. He was also a prolific columnist who edited 13 newspapers in China, Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia, and on average wrote 13,000 characters per day.

Liu died on 8 June 2018 at Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital in Chai Wan, Hong Kong of pneumonia, aged 99.

Fadil Vokrri

Fadil Avdullah Vokrri (23 June 1960 – 9 June 2018) was a Kosovan football administrator and player. He was president of Football Federation of Kosovo from 16 February 2008 until his death on 9 June 2018.

Vokrri scored a total of 121 goals and had 363 club appearances. He began his career at the football club Llap (known then as Lab Podujevo). He moved to Pristina in 1980 and played there until 1986 scoring 55 goals and making 172 appearances.

On 9 June 2018, Vokrri died of cardiac arrest in Pristina, Kosovo at the age of 57.

Partizan


Keith David

Keith David Williams (born June 4, 1956) is an American actor, comedian, and singer. He is best known for his co-starring role as King in "Platoon" and as Childs alongside Kurt Russell in John Carpenter's "The Thing". He also starred in "Crash", "There's Something About Mary", "Barbershop," and "Men at Work".

Town and Country, Missouri

Town and Country is a suburb in west St. Louis County, Missouri. It has a population of 11,640 as of the 2020 census. Town and Country is located at (38.631002, −90.471581).

Vaginal tumors

Vaginal tumors are tumors that can be found in the vagina. A tumor in the vagina can be cancer (malignant) but not all tumors in the vagina are cancer. Tumors that are not cancer are called benign tumors. Tumors have many different names. Another name for a tumor is neoplasm. A neoplasm is too much growth of tissue that forms a lump.
If cancer is found in the vagina it most often has spread there from other places in the body. Cancer found in the vagina may have come from the bladder, stomach and intestines. 

A tumor in the vagina can be solid or filled with fluid (or both).

Vaginal cancer is rare. It is an overgrowth of tissue in the vagina. Some benign tumors may turn into cancer.

A vaginal tumor can cause bleeding, pain with sex and feelings of pressure. A tumor in the vagina is often found during a check up and pelvic exam. Doctors may order more tests like an ultrasound, CAT scan and MRI. Doctors will look at a piece of the tumor under a microscope to see what kind of tumor that it is.





Vaginal tumors also can be found in some animals:



The Loud House

The Loud House is an American animated action television show created by Chris Savino for Nickelodeon. The show is set in the fictional town of Royal Woods, Michigan. It chronicles the daily adventures of a 12 (originally 11)-year old boy called Lincoln living with his ten sisters and parents in a big house. The art style is made to resemble newspaper comic strips (since Savino is a cartoonist).

The Loud House began as a two-minute short in the Nickelodeon Animated Shorts Program, which was then taken to produce a new series with 26 episodes. The first season became so popular that a second was ordered. The show also had feature movie which was released on Netflix in August 2021 and a live-action television movie premiered in November 2021.

A spin-off series titled The Casagrandes premiered on October 14, 2019. On November 3, 2022, a live-action series premiered on Paramount+, which was called The Really Loud House.


Due to some episodes including same-sex characters (Howard and Harold, Luna and Sam, and Lainey and Alice), the show was banned in other countries. This made the show entirely banned from Kenya.

A spin-off of the series was confirmed in 2018, the same day a 4th season was confirmed. It premiered on Nickelodeon on October 14, 2019.

Notes

Jun Mizutani

Jun Mizutani ("Mizutani Jun"; was born June 9, 1989 in Iwata, Shizuoka) is a table tennis player from Japan. At the Olympic Games 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, he won bronze in the singles, and silver with the team. As of 2017, he is considered the best male Japanese table tennis player. Mizutani has won 4th place at the World Cup four times. He is left-handed and has played at the "Fakel Gazprom Orenburg" club in Russia since the 2017/2018 season.

In 2004, Mizutani played his first game between countries. At the Youth-World Championships, he won the gold medal in the doubles but lost in the singles in the 16th round. At the Youth-World Junior Circuit in Poland, Mizutani only made it to the quarterfinals, where he lost to Maharu Yoshimura. In 2005, Mizutani played in his first World Championships for adults, but did not win a single medal. He reached Round 32 in the singles. Even though this was not a win, it did increase his world ranking from 800 to 720 (the best players have the lowest numbers). That year he could have won the World Junior Circuit. At the Youth-WTTC in 2005, he won the silver medal, beating Chen Qi. His team won gold and bronze in the doubles. At his first Pro Tour tournaments, he reached Round 32. At the Asian Championships, he played well. Even though he did not win any medals, his rank went from 600 to 520. In 2006, Mizutani played at the WTTTC 2006 in Bremen, where he reached 14th place with the Japanese team. At some Pro Tour events that year, he reached the quarterfinals.

In 2007, he took part in the WTTC and reached Round 32 in singles again. In doubles, he reached the quarterfinals, setting a new record. At the Asian Championships he won silver with his team. In the doubles, he won bronze and reached Round 16 in singles. At the Asian Cup, he won bronze. In 2008, for the first time Mizutani won bronze with his team. At the Taiwan Open, he won bronze. At the Asian Cup, Mizutani played successfully and reached 4th place.

In 2009 Mizutani played at the World Team Cup in Linz, where the Japanese team won 5th place. At the World Cup, Mizutani was nominated for first place, but reached place 9-12.

At the 2009 World Championships in Yokohama, Japan, he won bronze in the doubles. In the singles and mixed category, he reached Round 16. In that year, he won his first medals on the Pro Tour: gold at the Korea Open, bronze at the Japan Open, and silver at the Qatar Open. In that year, he came to rank number 50. 

In 2010, he played in his second World Cup, where he reached the semifinals. He played against Zhang Jike, where he only just lost 3:4 after a 3:1 lead. In the 3rd place match, he lost to Timo Boll. He finished the Cup in 4th place. At the WTTC, Mizutani won 3rd place with his team again. At the Pro Tour Grand Finals, he won his first gold medal. At the Japan, China, and Korea Open, he won a gold each time. At the Asian Games, he won 3rd place.

In 2011, he won 4th place at the World Cup again, after losing to Timo Boll. At the WTTC he didn't a medal but reached his best position at WTTC, the Quarterfinal. In that year, he only reached Round 16 at the Pro Tour Grand Finals. In that year he came to place 20th in the world rankings.

In 2012, he was nominated to represent Japan at the Olympic Games, where he reached the Quarterfinal with the team, in the singles he came under the last 16 after losing to Wang Hao. With the team, he won silver at the Asian Championships again. In the singles, he reached the Quarterfinal. At the WTTTC, he won bronze.

In 2013, Mizutani lost in the 1st round. In the doubles, he won bronze. At the World Team Cup, the Japanese team won bronze. At the Asian Championships, he won silver with the team. In the singles, he reached the Quarterfinal.

In 2014, Mizutani won gold for the second time at the Pro Tour Grand Finals after beating Dimitrij Ovtcharov in the final. With the team, he won his third bronze. At the German Open, Mizutani lost to Dimitrij Ovtcharov. At the Asian Cup, he reached 3rd place.

In 2015, he was nominated for the WTTC, where he reached the Quarterfinal for the second time. There he lost to Zhang Jike, who went on to win the bronze. Mizutani took 3rd place at the Asian Cup for the second time. At the World Cup, he reached fourth place for the fourth time. That year, he was ranked 9th in the world rankings.

In 2016, he won silver at the WTTTC. In the final, they lost to China. He did not participate in the World Cup that year, but he won gold at the Polish, Slovenian, and Kuwait Open. Mizutani also played very well at the 2016 Olympic Games. He won bronze in the singles and silver with the team. Because of that performance, he came to place 5 in the world rankings.

At the Asian Cup 2017 in Dubai, he reached 5th place. At the World Cup, he lost in the Quarterfinal. At the WTTC he lost. That time to Tomokazu Harimto. In the doubles, he won bronze again.

In 2018, the Japanese team lost in the Quarterfinals to Sweden at the WTTC, but Mizutani won bronze at the Japan Open. Since the 2017/2018 season, he has played in the Russian club "Fakel Gazprom Orenburg".





Douglas County, Georgia

Douglas County, Georgia is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. The county's capital is Douglasvile. As of 2020, Douglas County had a population of 144,237 people.


Recover EP

Recover EP is Chvrches's first EP. It was released in 25 March 2013.

Chvrches also made a song called "Recover", It was released in 2013 ans it reached number 91 in the UK Singles Chart.

Barnum Brown

Barnum Brown (February 12, 1873 – February 5, 1963), often called Mr. Bones, was an American field paleontologist. He discovered the first documented remains of "Tyrannosaurus rex". His career that made him one of the most famous fossil hunters working in the late Victorian era and the early 20th century.

He was sponsored by the American Museum of Natural History (AMNH). He was Henry Fairfield Osborn's man in the field. Brown worked the country, bargaining and trading for fossils. Often, he simply sent money to have fossils shipped to the AMNH.

After working a handful of years in Wyoming for AMNH in the late 1890s, Brown led an expedition to the Hell Creek Formation of Southeastern Montana. There, in 1902, he discovered and excavated the first documented remains of "Tyrannosaurus rex".

Darling in the Franxx

When the anime came out, it began being distributed across the world. Crunchyroll distributed the anime across the world and Aniplus Asia distributed it in Southeast Asia. Funimation released a version of the series that was dubbed (using a language that is not Japanese, like English).

Humanity is being attacked by monsters called klaxosaurs. After humanity was almost completely destroyed, an organisation called APE moved humans to cities called Plantations. Children called parasites are used to defend the plantations. They use large mecha called Franxx in pairs. Adults cannot die and they live in the Plantations. They don't make babies or make relationships anymore. The children are created artificially. They are only taught to pilot the Franxx.

This story focuses on a team of ten parasites part of "Squad 13". Squad 13 is part of an experimental group in Plantation 13. One of them can't be with his partner and he failed the training program. His name is Hiro. He meets Zero Two when his class is doing their graduation ceremony. She is a Franxx pilot that has klaxosaur blood and red horns. She is well known as the "Partner Killer" because many of her partners die. After Zero Two's partner is killed by a klaxosaur, Hiro volunteers to become her new partner.

The rest of the story focuses on Squad 13 fighting the klaxosaurs and the relationship between the Parasites in Squad 13. It also focuses on the relationship between Zero Two and Hiro. During the rest of the story, many romantic relationships are started between the characters. Near the end of the story, APE abandons the Parasites. This makes the Parasites begin dying. Zero Two and Hiro eventually go up into space to fight aliens called VIRM. They die in space. The story ends with the Parasites starting families and helping make the Earth back to what it was before. Zero Two and Hiro reincarnate as two children who meet each other.

The anime television series is 24 episodes long. The director is Atsushi Nishigori. Nishigori and Naotaka Hayashi helped create the series. Masayoshi Tanaka thought of how the characters should look. Asami Tachibana made the music. The theme song for the anime is called "Kiss of Death". Mika Nakashima sung it and Hyde made the music. The songs that played at the end of each episode were sung by XX:me (Kiss Me). XX:me is a group of the voice actors for the main female characters. The ending songs are "Torikago" (episode 1-6), "Manatsu no Setsuna" (episode 7), "Beautiful World" (episode 8-12, 14), "Hitori" (episode 13), "Escape" (episode 16-20), and "Darling" (episode 21-23). Crunchyroll were showing the anime on their website. Funimation was showing the English dub version.

Kentaro Yabuki drew a manga for Darling in the Franxx. The first manga book came out on 2 February 2018. The last manga book came out on 4 October 2018. A four panel comic strip manga was created by Mato. It was posted to "Shōnen Jump+". All of the comic strips were put into one book. The book came out on 4 October 2018.

The manga by Yabuki has sold 400 000 copies in Japan. This was in May 2018.

The music for the anime was made by Asami Tachibana. Aniplex released the music. The first part of the soundtrack had 21 songs. It came with the first home video of the anime on 25 April 2018. The second part of the soundtrack also had 21 songs. It came with the fourth home video of the anime on 25 July 2018. The third part of the soundtrack had 22 songs. It came with the fifth home video of the anime on 29 August 2018.

Many people said that "Darling in the Franxx" was a good anime. Many of them focused on the coming-of-age parts of the story. Cactus Matt, a reviewer for "Anime Q and A" thought the anime was very enjoyable. He said that it was a "beautiful way to end this series." He also said that the theme of hope for the future was a good part of the ending. Nate Zen, a reviewer for "OtakuKart" said that the animation was very good. He also said that the characters were good. He said that the series was not very creative.

The anime won many awards. It was also nominated for many other awards. "Darling in the Franxx" won "Best Sci-Fi or Mecha" and "Best Action or Adventure" from Anime Trending's Winter 2018 Anime Awards. Zero Two also won an award for the "Favourite Female Character". At the Newtype Anime Awards 2018, Shigeto Koyama won the "Best Mechanical Design" award.


Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2008 was the sixth edition of the contest. It took place at the "Spyros Kyprianou" Athletic Centre in Lemesos, Cyprus on 22 November 2008, Cypriot broadcaster CyBC was the host broadcaster for the event. The motto for the contest was ""Fun In The Sun"".

Below is a summary of all 12 points received:

Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014 was the twelfth edition of the contest. It took place at the Malta Shipbuilding, Marsa, Malta on 15 November 2014, Maltese broadcaster PBS was the host broadcaster for the event. The motto for the contest was ""#Together"".


Most countries sent commentators to Malta, while others commentated from their own country

Matt Rosendale

Matthew Martin Rosendale (born July 7, 1960) is an American politician. He is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Montana since 2021. He was the Montana State Auditor from 2017 until 2021. Rosendale was state senator from 2013 to 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Rosendale was born in Baltimore, Maryland. Rosendale studied at Chesapeake College. Rosendale served in the Montana House of Representatives.

In July 2017, Rosendale announced his candidacy for U.S. Senate. He won the Republican nomination, but lost the general election by less than 2% to Democratic incumbent Jon Tester in November 2018.

In 2020, he was elected to the United States House of Representatives, replacing Greg Gianforte.


Eluanbi Lighthouse

Eluanbi Lighthouse was built in 1883. It was built by the Qing Dynasty. It was built because a lot of accidents happened in this area. Ships crashed into the reefs in the waters nearby. The Qing Dynasty wanted to prevent accidents like the Rover Incident. W. F. Spindey, who was an English architect that was part of the Royal Geographical Society was hired to build this lighthouse. The lighthouse is the only one in Taiwan that is armed. It has a trench around it and a lot of gun holes in the wall. This was needed because many of the local Aboriginal people raided the lighthouse a lot.

After the Treaty of Shimonoseki, Taiwan became a part of the Empire of Japan. Damage on the lighthouse from the First Sino-Japanese War was fixed in 1898 by the Japanese. In World War II, the lighthouse became damaged again during the Aerial Battle of Taiwan-Okinawa.

The lighthouse was rebuilt in 1962. It still works and is a historical monument in Kenting National Park. Next to the lighthouse there is also a memorial of the "Taiwan Eight Magnificent Sceneries".


Tour guide

A tour guide (also known as tourist guide in Europe) is a person who gives information about a place or a place's history to "tourists" (people who are traveling for fun). Some tour guides can talk in the language of the tourist. In some countries a tour guide needs a license and wears a badge.

Tomorrow

Tomorrow may mean:


Charles Horioka

Charles Yuji Horioka (born September 7, 1956 in Boston, Massachusetts) is a Japanese-American economist. He lives in Japan. Horioka earned his B.A. and Ph.D. degrees from Harvard University. Now he is Research Professor at the Asian Growth Research Institute in Kitakyushu City, Japan. He has taught at Stanford, Columbia, Kyoto, and Osaka Universities. He was Vea Family Professor of Technology and Evolutionary Economics Centennial at the University of the Philippines, Diliman, from 2013 until 2014. He is also a Research Associate of the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER). He was Co-Editor of the International Economic Review until 2013.

He mainly studies macroeconomics, household and family economics, the Japanese economy, and other Asian economies. He has written many academic articles about consumption, saving, and bequest behavior and parent-child relations in Japan, the United States, China, India, Korea, and Asia.

He wrote an article with Martin Feldstein called "Domestic Saving and International Capital Flows." "Economic Journal" published it in 1980. Horioka showed a positive correlation between long-term savings and investment rates across countries. This is called the Feldstein–Horioka puzzle. The article is a reference for many other articles in international finance. 

In 2001, Horioka won the Seventh Japanese Economic Association Nakahara Prize.

 

Philippine National Railways

The Philippine National Railways (abbreviated as PNR), is a railway system in the Philippines, which is under the Department of Transportation (DOTr) as an associated agency. The present form of PNR was established in 1984. It currently runs 479 kilometers of the railway on the island of Luzon.

Tisha b'av

Tisha b'av is a fast day in Judaism. On this day multiple disasters happened, mainly the destruction of the First Temple and the Second Temple.

Insertion sort

In computer science, insertion sort is a method of sorting data, such as numbers, one item at a time. It is not a very efficient method compared to other algorithms such as quicksort. However, it is a very simple algorithm that is easy to build.

Think about the sequence of numbers in the picture below. It starts with a small number (written as ≤x), then a big number (≥x) and then a medium sized number (written as x). If this had specific numbers, it might start with 2 (small), 10 (big), 4 (medium). The number 10 is bigger than the number 4. So if the sequence were in order from smallest to biggest, it should start with 2, 4, 10. So the second and third numbers should be swapped. So, in the example below, the sequence should start with ≤x, x, ≥x. 

When the sequence it sorted, the medium number is moved in between the small (≤x) and big (≥x) numbers. So the sequence becomes:

Jānis Bojārs

Jānis Bojārs (12 May 1956 – 5 June 2018) was a Latvian shot putter. He was best known for winning the silver medal for the Soviet Union in the men's shot put event at the 1982 European Championships in Athens, Greece. He set his personal best (21.74 m) on 14 July 1984 at a meet in Riga.

Bojārs died on 5 June 2018 at the age of 62.

Daugavpils

Daugavpils (; ; ) is a city in southeastern Latvia. It is on the banks of the Daugava River, from which the city gets its name. Daugavpils literally means "Daugava Castle". It is the second largest city in the country after the capital Riga.

Louvemont-Côte-du-Poivre

Louvemont-Côte-du-Poivre is a commune. It is in the Meuse department in Grand Est in northeast France.

Nobody has lived here since the end of the Battle of Verdun in 1916. The official population is zero. Nobody lives in these places either: Bezonvaux, Beaumont-en-Verdunois, Haumont-près-Samogneux, Cumières-le-Mort-Homme and Fleury-devant-Douaumont.

During the war, the town was completely destroyed. The land was so badly damaged that it was hard to live there. So, the commune was not rebuilt. The site of the commune is kept as it was to show the violence of war. It is officially named a "village that died for France." A municipal council of three members manages the commune. The council members are appointed by the prefect of the Meuse department.


Haumont-près-Samogneux

Haumont-près-Samogneux is a commune. It is in the Meuse department in Grand Est in northeast France.

Nobody has lived here since the end of the Battle of Verdun in 1916. The official population is zero. Nobody lives in these places either: Bezonvaux, Beaumont-en-Verdunois, Louvemont-Côte-du-Poivre, Cumières-le-Mort-Homme and Fleury-devant-Douaumont.

During the war, the town was completely destroyed. The land was so badly damaged that it was hard to live there. So, the commune was not rebuilt. The site of the commune is kept as it was to show the violence of war. It is officially named a "village that died for France." A municipal council of three members manages the commune. The council members are appointed by the prefect of the Meuse department.


Richard Biggs

Richard James Biggs II (March 18, 1960 – May 22, 2004) was an American television and stage actor. He was known for his roles on the television series "Days of Our Lives" and "Babylon 5".

Biggs collapsed at his home in Los Angeles, and died at Providence Saint Joseph Medical Center of complications stemming from aortic dissection on May 22, 2004.

Parahenodus

Parahenodus is an extinct "henodontidae" placodont only known from a skull, described in 2018. The skull, named and described as Parahenodus atancensis, was discovered in Upper Triassic rock in Spain. It was the sister taxon to "Henodus".

2019 UEFA Europa League Final

The 2019 UEFA Europa League Final will be the last match of the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League of the 48th season of Europe's secondary club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 10th season since it was renamed from the UEFA Cup to the UEFA Europa League. It will be played at the Olympic Stadium in Baku, Azerbaijan on 29 May 2019.

Chelsea won the final 4–1 for their second UEFA Europa League title. As winners, they will play against the winners of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League in the 2019 UEFA Super Cup. Chelsea have already qualified for the Champions League group stage through their league performance, the group stage berth reserved for the Europa League winners was given to the third-placed team of the 2018–19 Ligue 1, Lyon, as Ligue 1 was the 5th-ranked association according to next season's access list.

Starting from this season, the Europa League final was played in the same week as the Champions League final. In March 2018, UEFA announced that a fourth substitution will be allowed in extra time and that the number of substitutes has been increased from 7 to 12. The kick-off time has also been changed from 20:45 CEST to 21:00 CEST. The match was also the first fixture (and final) of the Europa League to use the video assistant referee (VAR) system.

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."

The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the quarter-final and semi-final draws, which was held on 15 March 2019 at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>



Desert ecology

In deserts, there is very little vegetation. Depending on the type of desert, the climate may be very dry, or very hot. Desert ecology is about studying ecology in desert-like climates. Many of the organisms that live there have adapted, to be able to cope with these conditions. 

1985 United States-Canada tornado outbreak

The 1985 United States-Canada tornado outbreak occurred in the United States and Canada on May 31, 1985. In the United States, tornadoes struck the states of Ohio, Pennyslvania, and New York, and in Canada it struck in the province of Ontario. It was the largest and most intense tornado to hit this region and the worst tornado outbreak in Ohio and Pennsylvania history.

The most intense tornado moved through Niles, Ohio and Wheatland, Pennyslvania and was an F5. The tornado killed 18 people and injured 310, and this remains the only F5 to strike Pennsylvania and was the most violent tornado in the United States in 1985.

The Niles, Ohio/Wheatland, Pennsylvania tornado began around 6:30 p.m. and gathered strength as it headed towards Newton Falls, Ohio, producing F3 and F4 damage to the town. No deaths or injuries were reported in Newton Falls due to all residents taking shelter. Homes were also destroyed in Lordstown. It became an F5 later as it moved into Niles. Hundreds of homes in Niles were destroyed with the local shopping center leveled and several deaths occurred at the location. The tornado then crossed the state line into Pennsylvania, regaining its strength. 95% of the buildings in Wheatland were destroyed. The tornado weakened slightly as it moved towards Hermitage. 71 homes suffered damage or were destroyed. The tornado then destroyed homes in the Greenfield area before dissipating.

Later on tornadoes broke out in southern New York, nobody was killed in the state but 20 people were injured in New York state.

The tornado action moved into southeastern Ontario producing 5 tornadoes between 5:40 p.m. and 6:35 p.m. Eastern Time. The tornadoes ranged from F1-F3 intensity.

At the same time the Lion's Head, Ontario tornado dissipated, severe thunderstorms developed one to the east of Clinton, Ontario and another in Walkerton, Ontario area. The power was shut off in Barrie, Ontario at 4:00 p.m., as the tornado took out the local transformers. 5 people were killed in the area, including a mother and son who were killed when their home was leveled.

In total, 41 tornadoes touched down between 3 p.m. on May 31 and 12 a.m. on June 1, killing 90 people in total across the United States and Canada, with the most deadly tornado happening in the evening hours across Ohio and Pennsylvania. The tornado that struck Niles, Ohio was the deadliest tornado in Ohio since the Xenia tornado in 1974. The outbreak was the worst tornado outbreak in the United States since the 1974 Super Outbreak. It was also the third costliest in history, with $980 million in damage in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, and Ontario.

Monosemy

Monosemy is when the words in a language each have only one meaning. Most natural human languages are polysemous: words each have more than one meaning. The constructed languages Lojban and Loglan were created to be monosemous. Monosemy is helpful for machine translation.

Razan al-Najjar

Razan Ashraf Abdul Qadir al-Najjar (11 September 1997 – 1 June 2018) was a Palestinian nurse. She volunteered in the Gaza health ministry. She was a resident of Khuzaa, a village near the border with Israel. She was born in Khuza'a, Khan Yunis. 

Her formal training after volunteering was as a paramedic in Khan Younis at Nasser Hospital and she became an active member of the Palestinian Medical Relief Society, a non-governmental health organization. She wore the white coat of the medics and a medics vest with bandages, and was attending those wounded during protests at the border fence between Gaza and Israel during Ramadan.

al-Najjar was fatally shot in the chest by an Israeli soldier as she, with her arms raised to show she was unarmed, tried to help evacuate the wounded near Israel's border fence with Gaza. She was 20 years old.

Karl Fritz Lauer

Karl Fritz Lauer (April 11, 1938 – June 5, 2018) was a Romanian-German Agricultural Scientist in Phytopathology and Herbology. He was born in Săcălaz (German Sackelhausen), Kingdom of Romania. After relocation to the German Federal Republic in 1981 he first worked as a scientist at the Botanical Institute of the University of Regensburg before taking over the management of the scientific field research for southern Germany for Rhône-Poulenc from 1983 to 1995.

Lauer died in Leonberg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany on June 5, 2018 at the age of 80.

Mateja Matevski

Mateja Matevski (13 March 1929 – 6 June 2018) was a Macedonian poet, literary and theater critic, essayist, and translator. 

Matevski was the editor of the literary journals "Mlada literatura" Association. He was also been the president of the Council of the Struga Poetry Evenings Festival, "Racinovi sredbi". He was a corresponding member of the North-American Academy in the Spanish language. Matevski was a member of the Bjornstjerne Bjornson Academy in Molde, Norway.

Matevski died on 6 June 2018 in Skopje, Macedonia, aged 89. His funeral was held at the Butel City Cemetery in Skopje.

Brazilian Space Agency

The Brazilian Space Agency (; AEB) is the Brazilian agency for the country's growing space program. It runs a spaceport at Alcântara and a launch pad at Barreira do Inferno. The Brazilian Space Agency made Brazil a part of the International Space Station mission.

The Brazil Space Program was created in 1961 and was controlled by the Brazilian military. Since the military controlled the program, research there was not much research. Some technological research was not allowed because other countries were worried about developing ICBMs with nuclear bombs.

Brazil launched it's first Brazilian made satellite on February 9, 1993. The satellite was used to study space.

On February 10, 1994, the Brazilian military stopped running the Space Program, which then became the Brazilian Space Agency.

In 2003, a rocket exploded and killed 21 people. Brazil was able to successfully launch its first rocket into space on October 23, 2004. Several other successful launches have followed.

On March 30, 2006, Brazilian astronaut Marcos Pontes became the first Brazilian and the first native Portuguese-speaking person to go to space. He stayed on the International Space Station for a week. He landed in Kazakhstan on April 8, 2006 with the astronauts on Expedition 12.

The Alcântara Launch Center (; CLA) is the main launch site and home to the Brazilian Space Agency. It is in the state of Maranhão. This place is good because not many people live there and it is easy to protect. It also gives good access to the sky and sea. Since it is close to the equator, it makes launching a special type of satellite that stays over one part of the earth much easier.

The Barreira do Inferno Launch Center (; CLBI) is another launch site of the Brazilian Space Agency. It is in the state of Rio Grande do Norte. It is mostly used to launch a special type of rocket for research. It also helps the Alcântara Launch Center.


Freddy Eugen

Freddy Eugen (4 February 1941 – 8 June 2018) was a Danish cyclist. He was born in København, Denmark.

Eugen was active between 1961 and 1969 on the road and track. On track he won two European medals in the madison event in 1967 and 1968. On the road he won 9 six-day races out of 95 starts, including the Six Days of Amsterdam (1967), as well as one stage of the Tour de Suisse (1963).

Eugen died on 8 June 2018 in Copenhagen from esophageal cancer at the age of 77.

John McKenzie

John Albert "Pie" McKenzie (December 12, 1937 – June 8, 2018) was a Canadian professional hockey player and coach. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for several seasons. He notably played with the Boston Bruins, with whom he won the Stanley Cup twice (1970, 1072). McKenzie also played several seasons in the World Hockey Association (WHA). He was born in High River, Alberta.

McKenzie also played for the Chicago Blackhawks, Detroit Red Wings and the New York Rangers.

McKenzie died at age 80 on June 8, 2018 from a long-illness in Boston, Massachusetts.


Thomas Stuttaford

Irving Thomas Stuttaford, OBE (4 May 1931 – 8 June 2018) was a British physician, author, and medical columnist of "The Times". He served as a Conservative Member of Parliament from 1970 to 1974. 

In 2002, he retired as Senior Medical Advisor for Barclays Bank. In the years that followed he continued to write a regular monthly column for "The Oldie" and was a frequent contributor to "Healthspan", an online retailer of vitamin supplements, and occasionally to other national newspapers and journals.

Stuttaford died on 8 June 2018 at the age of 87.


Neal E. Boyd

Neal Evans Boyd (November 18, 1975 – June 10, 2018) was an American pop opera singer and television contestant. He was best known as being the winner of the third season of "America's Got Talent". He was born in Missouri. 

Boyd signed to Decca Records and released his debut album, "My American Dream," on June 23, 2009, the day of the fourth season premiere of "America's Got Talent." It debuted at #195 on the "Billboard" 200 and #3 on the Top Classical Albums Chart.

Boyd was a Republican. He ran for a seat in the Missouri House of Representatives in 2012 and in 2014, but lost in the election.

Boyd died at the age of 42 on June 10, 2018, of heart and kidney failure in Sikeston, Missouri.


Katarzyna Łaniewska

Katarzyna Janina Łaniewska-Błaszczak (20 June 1933 – 7 December 2020) was a Polish actress, opposition activist in the Polish People's Republic, and a political activist beginning in 1989. She was born in Łódź, Poland. From 1970 to 1974, she starred in the comedy series "Czterdziestolatek".

In the Polish parliamentary elections in 2011, Łaniewska was the nonpartisan candidate to the Senate on behalf of the Law and Justice party in Warsaw. She received nearly 100 thousand votes (nearly 31%). 

She was the president of the Warsaw branch of the Association of Polish Artists from 1992 to 2006. She served on the Skolimowska Commission of the Main Board of the Polish Actors Association.

From 1954 to 1964, she was married to actor Ignacy Gogolewski. 

Łaniewska died on 7 December 2020 in Łódź at the age of 87.


Andrzej Kopiczyński

Andrzej Kopiczyński (15 April 1934 – 13 October 2016) was a Polish actor. He appeared in more than 50 movies and television between 1958 and 2016. He was known for his starring role as Stefan Karwowski in the comedy series "Czterdziestolatek" (1974-1977). Kopiczyński was born in Międzyrzec Podlaski, Poland.

Kopiczyński died in Warsaw on 13 October 2016 of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 82.

Czterdziestolatek

Czterdziestolatek or 40-latek (the English translation: a forty-year-old); broadcast in English by TVP Polonia. It was broadcasted under the title of "Being Forty". It is a Polish television comedy series which ran from 1974 to 1977. 

It was very popular that it was continued and led to the release of a movie "I'm a Butterfly, a 40-year-old's Love Affair" and a New Year's Eve television program in 1975.

The series was written by Jerzy Gruza and Krzysztof Teodor Toeplitz and was broadcast on Telewizja Polska. In total, 21 episodes were made.

It starred Andrzej Kopiczyński, Roman Kłosowski, Anna Seniuk, Irena Kwiatkowska, Wojciech Pokora, Leonard Pietraszak, Katarzyna Łaniewska, Wiesław Gołas, Alina Janowska, Jan Kociniak, Tadeusz Pluciński, Lech Ordon, Jan Pietrzak, Jan Kobuszewski and Krzysztof Kowalewski.

The show was about a family in Warsaw who goes through midlife crisis, affairs, addiction, obsession with hair loss, efforts to maintain physical fitness, pride in achievements and professional life, society's role and health.

Roman Kłosowski

Roman Kłosowski (14 February 1929 – 11 June 2018) was a Polish actor. He starred in "Shadow" ("Cień") in 1956, which entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. He starred in the Aleksander Ford movie "The First Day of Freedom" which was entered into the 1965 Cannes Film Festival.

From 1974 to 1976 he starred in the successful television comedy series "Czterdziestolatek". From 1975 to 1981 he directed the Universal Theater in Łódź and from 1981 worked at the Warsaw Mermaid Theater.


Anna Seniuk

Anna Seniuk (born 17 November 1942) is a Polish actress. Seniuk is known to Polish viewers mainly for her role of Magda Karwowska in the immensely popular 1970s Polish TV series "Czterdziestolatek" (The Forty-Year-Old). She has cooperated with Polish Radio and has been featured in more than 40 radio shows. Her movie roles include: "Europa Europa", "Potop" and "The Maids of Wilko".


Irena Kwiatkowska

Irena Kwiatkowska (17 September 19123 March 2011) was a Polish actress. She was known in Poland for her many cabaret roles and monologues. She appeared in comedy movies and television series. She was known for her role in "Czterdziestolatek" ("Being Forty", 1974–77) as "Kobieta Pracująca" ("Working Woman"). 

Leonard Pietraszak

Leonard Józef Pietraszak (6 November 1936 — 1 February 2023) was a Polish actor. He appeared in more than 60 movies and television shows since 1957. He was born in Bydgoszcz, Poland. He is known for his role in the comedy television series "Czterdziestolatek".

Pietraszak also starred in "Stawka większa niż życie" (1967), "How I Unleashed World War II" (1970), "Vabank" (1981), "Danton" (1983), "Kingsajz" (1987) and "Letters to Santa" (2011).

Tadeusz Pluciński

Tadeusz Leszek Pluciński (25 September 1926 – 23 April 2019) was a Polish actor. He appeared in more than 40 movies and television shows from 1951. He was born in Łódź, Poland. He starred in "Warsaw Premiere" (1951), "Westerplatte" (1967), "Stawka większa niż życie" (1967) and the comedy series "Czterdziestolatek" (1974–1977).

2019 UEFA Super Cup

The 2019 UEFA Super Cup was the 44th UEFA Super Cup, an annual football match organised by UEFA and contested by the reigning champions of the two main European club competitions, the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Europa League. The match was played by two English teams, Liverpool, the winners of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League, and Chelsea, the winners of the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League. The match was played at the Vodafone Park in Istanbul, Turkey on 14 August 2019. It was the first all-English UEFA Super Cup, and the eighth overall Super Cup to feature two teams from the same country. For the first time, the video assistant referee (VAR) system was used in the UEFA Super Cup.

Liverpool beat Chelsea 5-4 on penalties after finishing 2-2 at the end of 120 minutes. 

The Champions League winners will be called as the "home" team for administrative purposes.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>



Jan Pietrzak

Jan Stefan Pietrzak (pronounced ; born 26 April 1937) is a Polish comedian, politician, singer-songwriter, actor, and columnist for "Tygodnik Solidarność" (Solidarity Weekly). He was born in Warsaw. In 1967 Pietrzak founded "Pod Egidą" ("Under the Aegis"), a literacy school. He starred in the comedy series "Czterdziestolatek" from 1974 to 1977.

He briefly ran for President of Poland in the 1995 presidential election.

On 3 May 2009 Pietrzak was honored by the President of Poland with the Order of Polonia Restituta.


Ignacy Gogolewski

Ignacy Gogolewski (17 June 1931 – 15 May 2022) was a Polish actor. He appeared in more than 30 movies. He was born in Ciechanów, Mazowieckie, Poland. He starred in "Three Stories" (1953), "Tonight a City Will Die" (1961), "The Codes" (1966), "Stawka większa niż życie" (1967) and "Boleslaw Smialy" (1972).

From 1954 to 1964, he was married to actress Katarzyna Łaniewska. He died on 15 May 2022, aged 90.


Jan Kobuszewski

Jan Kobuszewski (19 April 1934 – 28 September 2019) was a Polish actor and comedian. In 1963, he began co-hosting with Jan Kociniak the first satirical TV show on Polish television, "Wielokropek". He would also co-star with Kociniak in the comedy series "Czterdziestolatek" (1974-1977).

Kobuszewski was awarded the Order of Polonia Restituta, one of Poland's highest Orders, and many other Orders, including Gold Cross of Merit and Medal for Long Marital Life.

He died on 28 September 2019, aged 85.

Jan Kociniak

Jan Kociniak (8 November 1937 – 20 April 2007) was a Polish actor and comedian. He was also a well known for his performances in feature and TV movies, as well as dubbing roles (such as Winnie the Pooh in the Polish-language version). He starred in the comedy series "Czterdziestolatek" (1974-1977).

Krzysztof Kowalewski

Krzysztof Kowalewski (20 March 1937 – 6 February 2021) was a Polish actor and comedian. Kowalewski was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta (2002), Gold Medal of Medal for Merit to Culture, "Gloria Artis" (2009) and Grand Prize Splendor ("Wielki Splendor") (1992). He starred in the comedy series "Czterdziestolatek" (1970–1974).

Kowalewski died on 6 February 2021 in Warsaw, aged 83.

Mateusz Morawiecki

Mateusz Jakub Morawiecki (born 20 June 1968) is a Polish politician, manager, banker, economist, lawyer, historian. He was the 17th Prime Minister of Poland from 11 December 2017 until 13 December 2023. He has served as Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Development and Minister of Finance in the cabinet of Beata Szydło.

His father, Kornel Morawiecki, was a politician and physicist who ran for president in 2010.

On 8 December 2017, Morawiecki was designated as the Prime Minister of Poland. On 11 December he was sworn into office. Following his appointment, Morawiecki promised “continuation” rather than change in his first major parliamentary address.


Erg

An erg is a unit of measurement or energy or work that is the same as 10 joules. It formed part of the centimetre-gram-second system of units (CGS system of measurement which is no longer used). 

An erg is about the amount of work done (or energy consumed) by one common housefly performing a "press-up", the leg-bending dip that brings its mouth to the surface on which it stands and back up. 

2019 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2019 UEFA Champions League Final was the last match of the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League. The campaign was the 64th season of Europe's top club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 27th season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League. It was played at the Wanda Metropolitano in Madrid, Spain on 1 June 2019. The match was played between English sides Tottenham Hotspur, in their first European Cup final, and Liverpool, in their ninth final overall and their second in a row, having been lost to Real Madrid in 2018.

Liverpool won the final 2–0, with a penalty after 106 seconds from Mohamed Salah and a strike by substitute Divock Origi in the 87th minute. It was Liverpool's sixth European Cup win and the club's first time since 2005.

As winners, Liverpool will play against Chelsea, the winners of the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League, in the 2019 UEFA Super Cup. They will also qualify to enter the group stage of the 2019–20 UEFA Champions League, and if they have already qualified through their league performance, the spot reserved will be given to the champions of the 2018–19 Austrian Bundesliga, the 11th-ranked association according to next season's access list.

In March 2018, UEFA announced that a fourth substitution will be allowed in extra time and that the number of substitutes has been increased from 7 to 12. The kick-off time was also changed from 20:45 CEST to 21:00 CEST.

"In the following table, finals until 1992 were in the European Cup times, since 1993 were in the UEFA Champions League times."

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."

The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held after the quarter-final and semi-final draws, which was held on 15 March 2019, 12:00 CET, at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>



Jackie DeShannon

Jackie DeShannon (born August 21, 1944) is an American musician and pop singer-songwriter. She was born Sharon Lee Myers.

DeShannon began her career around 1950.

DeShannon is the singer of songs, such as "What the World Needs Now is Love" and "Put a Little Love in Your Heart".

DeShannon was born in Hazel, Kentucky. Later, she and her parents moved to Aurora, Illinois.

Many sources say DeShannon was born in 1944. Others say that she was born in 1940, 1941 or 1942.

What the World Needs Now Is Love

"What the World Needs Now is Love" is an American 1965 pop song by Jackie DeShannon. It was first recorded and made popular by DeShannon. It was released on April 15, 1965. It peaked at number 7 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. 

The song is about wanting love and dealing with prejudice.

Other singers have recorded the song. They include Dionne Warwick.

The song contains the memorable lines:

2019–20 UEFA Europa League

The 2019–20 UEFA Europa League will be the 49th season of Europe's secondary club football tournament organised by UEFA, and the 11th season since it was renamed from the UEFA Cup to the UEFA Europa League. The last match will be played at the Stadion Energa Gdańsk in Gdańsk, Poland. The winners of the 2019–20 UEFA Europa League will play against the winners of the 2019–20 UEFA Champions League in the 2020 UEFA Super Cup and will also automatically qualify for the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League group stage, and if they have already qualified through their league performance, the reserved place will be given to the third-placed team of the 5th-ranked association according to next season's access list.

The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round: 

"Note: Teams in italics may still qualify for the 2019–20 UEFA Champions League, either through domestic performance, or by winning the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League or the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League."




2017–18 UEFA Champions League group stage

The 2017–18 UEFA Champions League group stage began on 12 September and ended on 6 December 2017. A total of 32 teams competed in the group stage to decide the 16 places in the knockout phase of the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League.

Below were the participating teams (with their 2017 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their seeding pot. They included 22 teams which enter in this stage, and the 10 winners of the play-off round (5 in Champions Route, 5 in League Route).


In each group, teams played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format. The group winners and runners-up advanced to the round of 16, while the third-placed teams entered the Europa League round of 32.

<section begin=Tiebreakers />
Teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss), and if tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria were applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings (Regulations Articles 17.01):

The matchdays were 12–13 September, 26–27 September, 17–18 October, 31 October – 1 November, 21–22 November, and 5–6 December 2017. The match kickoff times were 20:45 CEST/CET in general, except for certain matches for geographical reasons.

Times are CET/CEST, as listed by UEFA (local times are in parentheses).


Qayamat Ki Raat

Qayamat Ki Raat (lit.Night of the doom) is an Indian supernatural television series. It started on 23 June 2018 in Star Plus. The show is co-produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor under their banner Balaji Telefilms.


The show opened with 5.6 million impressions in its opening week.

Victoria Kalima

Victoria Kalima Phiri (4 October 1972 – 11 June 2018) was a Zambian politician. She served as Minister of Gender until her death in 2018. She was also a member of the National Assembly for Kasenengwa from 2011 until her death in 2018.

Kalima died at Maina Soko Military Hospital in Lusaka on 11 June 2018 after an illness, aged 45.

Jon Hiseman

Philip John "Jon" Hiseman (21 June 1944 – 12 June 2018) was an English rock-blues-jazz drummer, recording engineer, record producer and music publisher. He was born in London. Hiseman was known for being the founder of the jazz-rock band Colosseum. He also performed with Tempest and John Mayall.

Hiseman died on 12 June 2018 of brain cancer at the age of 73.


Lindsey Buckingham

Lindsey Adams Buckingham (born October 3, 1949) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and producer. He is best known as lead guitarist and one of the vocalists of the musical group Fleetwood Mac from 1975 to 1987, and then 1997 to 2018.

As a member of Fleetwood Mac, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998. In 2011, Buckingham was ranked 100th in "Rolling Stone" Magazine's 2011 list of "The 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time".


Amazonsaurus

Amazonsaurus ( , "Amazon lizard") is a rebbachisaurid sauropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous Period of what is now South America. It would have been a four-legged herbivore with a long neck and whiplash tail. "Amazonsaurus" was probably not more than 12 meters (40 ft) long. Its weight was about 5000 kg (5 tons).

Yazd province

Yazd Province (, "Ostān-e Yazd" ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran. Its capital is Yazd.

Empress Masako

, born on 9 December 1963, is the wife and empress consort of the current Emperor of Japan, Naruhito, the eldest son of the previous emperor Akihito, who took the throne after abdication of the latter on 30 April 2019.



Aiko, Princess Toshi

Aiko was born on 1 December 2001 at Imperial Household Agency Hospital in Tokyo Imperial Palace.

She studied at Gakushūin for her elementary and high school years, and now studies at Gakushūin University.

Title 

1 December 2001 Her Imperial Highness Princess Aiko (imperial title) Princess Toshi

National Honors

Japan 

-Grand Cordon of the Order of the Precious Crown (5 December 2021)


Gloria Warren

Gloria Warren (born Gloria Weiman; April 7, 1926 – September 11, 2021) was an American actress, pianist and singer.

Her movie career began in 1942 with Warner Bros.. That same year, she appeared in her first motion picture, "Always in My Heart". Her singing voice was often compared to that of Deanna Durbin.

She made four more movies after that, including "Dangerous Money" and "Bells of San Fernando", and retired from show business in 1947.

Warren died in Los Angeles, California on September 11, 2021, at the age of 95.


Ron Holgate

Ronald Holgate (born May 26, 1937) is an American actor and opera singer. He won the Tony Award for Best Supporting Actor as Richard Henry Lee in the original Broadway production of "1776". He would re-play the role in 1972 for the movie "1776".

Spencer Bohren

Spencer Ward Bohren (April 5, 1950 in Casper, Wyoming – June 8, 2019) was an American roots musician, singer, songwriter, teacher, and visual artist. 
He played guitar, lap steel guitar, banjo, and percussion, and utilizes the roots of American traditional music to write songs in blues, country, gospel and folk styles. He has released fourteen albums from 1984 until 2018.

Bohren died on June 8, 2019 from prostate cancer, aged 69.

Michael Jagmin

Michael "Jag" Jagmin (born May 12, 1985) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. He is known for being the lead vocalist of post-hardcore band A Skylit Drive and former lead vocalist of metal band Odd Project. 

Jagmin was the second vocalist of the metal band Odd Project, and was featured on their second album, "Lovers, Fighters, Sinners, Saints". He left the band in 2007.





Chris LeDoux

Chris LeDoux (October 2, 1948 – March 9, 2005) was an American country music singer-songwriter, bronze sculptor, and hall of fame rodeo champion. He was born in Biloxi, Mississippi.

During his career LeDoux recorded 36 albums (many self-released) which have sold more than six million units in the United States. He was awarded two gold and one platinum album certifications from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

He was nominated for a Grammy Award, and was honored with the Academy of Country Music Music Cliffie Stone Pioneer Award. LeDoux is also the only person to ever both participate and perform at the Houston LiveStock Show & Rodeo.

LeDoux died of bile duct cancer on March 9, 2005 in Casper, Wyoming at the age of 56.


Rosie Hamlin

Rosalie "Rosie" Méndez Hamlin (July 21, 1945 – March 30, 2017) was an American singer-songwriter. She was the frontwoman of the group Rosie and the Originals. She was born in Klamath Falls, Oregon, but was raised in Anchorage, Alaska. Hamlin was best known for the 1960 song "Angel Baby", which became a Top 40 hit in 1961 when Hamlin was only fifteen years old. She retired from the music industry in 1963. 

Hamlin's "Angel Baby" was covered by several artists, including Linda Ronstadt and John Lennon, who cited Hamlin as one of his favorite singers. She was the first Latina to be honored by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, as well as the first Latina to appear on Dick Clark's "American Bandstand" in 1961.

Hamlin died on March 30, 2017 in Belen, New Mexico from a long-illness at the age of 71.

Norma Zimmer

Norma Zimmer (July 13, 1923 – May 10, 2011) was an American singer and actress. She was best remembered for her 22-year tenure as Lawrence Welk's "Champagne Lady" on "The Lawrence Welk Show", and for her love of traditional Christian music.

She landed a small singing part in the Bing Crosby movie "Mr. Music" (1950), and provided the singing voice for the White Rose in the Disney movie "Alice in Wonderland" (1951).

Zimmer died in Brea, California on May 10, 2011 at the age of 87.

Josh Ritter

Josh Ritter (born October 21, 1976) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and author. He performs and records with The Royal City Band. Ritter is known for his Americana style and narrative lyrics. 

In 2006 he was named one of the "100 Greatest Living Songwriters" by "Paste" magazine.


Slim Andrews

Slim Andrews (born Leonard Andrews Huntington, Jr., June 14, 1931 - January 15, 2022) was an American country music singer and guitarist. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He began his music career in 1942 at the age of eleven when he won a talent contest at the Community Theater in Maine, He got his first guitar at this time and spent 75 years of his life entertaining throughout the South and Northeast. He died of cancer on January 15, 2022.



Clarence White

Clarence White (born Clarence Joseph LeBlanc; June 7, 1944 – July 14, 1973), was an American bluegrass and country guitarist and singer. He is best known as a member of the bluegrass ensemble the Kentucky Colonels and the rock band the Byrds. He was born in Lewiston, Maine.

White died on July 14, 1973 in Palmdale, California after being struck and killed by a drunk driver at the age of 29.


Lois Hart

Lois Hackbert Hart Walker (born on February 5, 1950, in Atlanta, Georgia) is a retired journalist. She worked on the evening news in Sacramento on KCRA-TV with her husband, Dave Walker, from 1990 through 2008.

Hart first worked at KCRA in the 1970s and later worked at KOVR. Hart and Walker were married in 1979. Later, they went Sacramento to work for CNN. Hart's first show with CNN was broadcast in 1980. In 1989, Hart and Walker both left CNN and began working for CNBC. Hart was on TV Shows "CNBC Mornings", "Money Wheel", and "America's Vital Signs". 

Hart and Walker retired on November 26, 2008.

Corey Stewart

Corey Alan Stewart (born August 1, 1968) is an American lawyer and Republican politician. Stewart is the Chairman of the Prince William Board of County Supervisors.

He studied at Georgetown University and at William Mitchell College of Law. He was elected to the Board of County Supervisors in 2003.

In July 2017, Stewart announced his candidacy for U.S. Senate.


Lois Maxwell

Lois Ruth Maxwell (born Lois Ruth Hooker, 14 February 1927 – 29 September 2007) was a Canadian actress. She was best known for her role of Miss Moneypenny in the first 14 "James Bond" movies (1962–1985). She was the first actress to play the part.


Belen, New Mexico

Belen (; ) is the second most populous city in Valencia County, New Mexico, United States, after its county seat Los Lunas. The population was 7,360 in 2020 census data.

Belen is Spanish for Bethlehem but gained the nickname "The Hub City".

Belen is at the southern end of the Albuquerque. The city is located 35 miles south of Albuquerque.

Los Lunas, New Mexico

Los Lunas is a village in Valencia County, New Mexico, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the village population is 17,242. It is the county seat of Valencia County.

Los Lunas is part of the Albuquerque Metropolitan Statistical Area. The name "Los Lunas" is a partial Anglicization of the name of the Luna family, who originally settled in the area ("los Luna", in Spanish).

Bottineau, North Dakota

Bottineau is a city in Bottineau County, North Dakota, United States. It is the county seat of Bottineau County and is located just over south of the Canada–United States border. The city's population was 2,194 at the 2020 census.

Saleh Ali al-Sammad

Saleh Ali al-Sammad (; 
1 January 1979 – 19 April 2018) was a Yemeni political figure from the Houthi movement. He served as the president of Yemen's Supreme Political Council until his death.

On April 23, 2018, Houthi officials announced al-Sammad was killed in a Saudi-led coalition drone airstrike.

Kelly Brook

Kelly Brook (born 23 November 1979) is a British actress, model, and television presenter. Her first starring role was in the 2004 film "School for Seduction", for which she received positive reviews for her role. In 2004, she played character Nikki Morris in the video game "Need for Speed Underground 2", alongside Brooke Burke. In 2005, she appeared in the Philippe Vidal thriller "House of 9", and starred opposite Billy Zane in the film "Survival Island".

Brook was born and raised in Rochester, Kent as Kelly Ann Parsons, the daughter of Sandra Kelly, a cook, and Kenneth Parsons, a scaffolder. She has a younger brother, Damian, and an older half-sister, Sasha. Kenneth Parsons died, aged 57, in Rochester from lung cancer, on 26 November 2007, during Brook's time on "Strictly Come Dancing". Brook attended the Thomas Aveling School in Warren Wood, Rochester. In 1996 at the age of seventeen she appeared in the second series of "Fist of Fun", the BBC comedy show from Stewart Lee and Richard Herring as a schoolgirl in a series of sketches entitled 'Teachers' (one of her co-stars was the young Daniel Mays). She studied at the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts in London for three years during this time before becoming a professional model at the age of 16.


Bunschoten

Bunschoten is a municipality in the province Utrecht, the Netherlands. Bunschoten is also called Bunschoten-spakenburg because the two villages Bunschoten and Spakenburg “grew” into each other. Bunschoten was in the early ages a farmers village and Spakenburg a fishers village.

Acquaviva (San Marino)

Acquaviva (literally "living water") is one of the 9 communes or "castelli" of San Marino.

Acquaviva had 2,137 people on 30 June 2014. It covers . It borders the San Marino municipalities Borgo Maggiore and San Marino and the Italian municipalities San Leo and Verucchio.

Acquaviva was annexed to San Marino in 1243.

Pentahedron

In geometry a pentahedron is a polyhedron of five faces. With regular polygon faces, there are two types:


Oscar Furlong

Oscar Alberto Furlong (October 22, 1927 – June 11, 2018) was an Argentine basketball player, tennis player and tennis coach. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

As a basketball player, he was a FIBA World Cup champion in 1950, who also competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics, and at the 1952 Summer Olympics. Furlong was inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame, in September 2007.

Following his basketball retirement, he played tennis. He was the coach of the Argentine Davis Cup team. In 1977, his last year as a tennis coach, his team reached the semifinals of the 1977 Davis Cup.

Furlong died on June 11, 2018 in Buenos Aires at the age of 90.


Interstate 87

Interstate 87 may refer to two Interstate Highways in the United States:

Denison Dam

Denison Dam, also known as Lake Texoma Dam, is a dam on the Red River between Texas and Oklahoma. The job of the dam is to control flood waters. It also makes a water supply and energy from hydroelectricity. The dam controls the Red River and provides a place where people can have fun in the water.

Denison Dam was finished in 1943. At that time, it was the largest "rolled-earth fill dam" (a kind of dirt) in the world. The dam is named for Denison, Texas which is not far away. The dam's spillway is above sea level. Water has gotten high enough go into the spillway five times.

Denison Dam is made from of rolled-earth fill. It also produces 250,000 megawatt hours of electricity per year. The dam holds the Red River back to make Lake Texoma which has of water. The lake is used to give water to local towns and cities. The dam has 47 areas for people to have fun. The area around the lake has of land people can hunt on.

Oklahoma State Highway 91 and Texas State Highway 91 cross over the dam.


Acre foot

An acre-foot is a unit of volume used in the United States to measure large amounts of water resources. It makes measuring water in reservoirs, lakes, and rivers.

An acre-foot is the amount of water it would take to cover an acre of land with water deep. One acre-foot of water is the same as of water. It is about the same amount of water as a 8-lane, 25 m long competition swimming pool.

The typical American family uses about 1 acre-foot of water in a year or about per day. In some places in the deserts of the Southwestern United States, water conservation is a rule. In these areas, a normal family only uses 0.25 acre-feet of water per year.

Large amounts of water can also be in thousands of acre-feet or TAF.

Andropause

Andropause is when a man's sperm count gets lower in his 40s. This condition is also called penopause and late-onset hypogonadism. Other changes that happen are fewer erections and a lower libido.

Adam Laxalt

Adam Paul Laxalt (born August 31, 1978) is an American politician. He was the Attorney General of Nevada from 2015 until 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party.

His father was New Mexico U.S. Senator Pete Domenici, but took his mother's last name Laxalt. Nevada Senator Paul Laxalt was his grandfather.

Laxalt was born in Reno, Nevada. He studied at Tulane University and at Georgetown University. He is a former Navy prosecutor.

In November 2017, Laxalt announced his candidacy for Governor of Nevada. He won the Republican nomination, but lost the general election to Democrat Steve Sisolak by nearly 5%.

In August 2021, Laxalt announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2022 election. He won the Republican nomination in June 2022. He narrowly lost the election to incumbent Senator Catherine Cortez Masto in November 2022.


Arkangel de la Muerte

Alfredo Pasillas (July 16, 1966 – June 13, 2018) was a Mexican masked professional wrestler. He was best known for his work in the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) under the ring name Arkangel de la Muerte. He was often called Arkangel, an worked under the ring name Mister Cid until 1991. His name means "Archangel of Death" in Spanish. 

In the years leading up to his death he served as the head trainer at the school. His in ring career included reigns with the CMLL World Welterweight Championship and the Mexican National Welterweight Championship as well as winning the mask of Ángel Azteca. 

He was a founding member of the groups "Pandilla Guerrera" and Los Guerreros Tuareg.

Pasillas died of a heart attack in Mexico City on June 13, 2018 at the age of 51.

Anne Donovan

Anne Theresa Donovan (November 1, 1961 – June 13, 2018) was an American women's basketball player and coach. From 2013 to 2015, she was the head coach of the Connecticut Sun. She was born in Ridgewood, New Jersey. 

In her playing career, Donovan won two Olympic gold medals, and went to three Final Fours overall. She was honored in the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1995, and became a member of the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2015.

As a professional basketball coach, she guided the Seattle Storm to their first title in 2004, becoming the first woman to coach a WNBA Championship team (as well as the youngest person to coach a WNBA champion, at age 42).

After coaching the Indiana Fever and the Charlotte Sting earlier in her career, Donovan joined the New York Liberty as an assistant coach in the spring of 2009.

Donovan died on June 13, 2018 of heart failure at the age of 56.


Ridgewood, New Jersey

Ridgewood is a village in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the village population was 25,979. Ridgewood is a suburban bedroom community of New York City. It is about northwest of Manhattan.

Ridgewood was ranked 26th in "Money" magazine's "Best Places to Live" in America, 2011.

John O. Pastore

John Orlando Pastore (March 17, 1907July 15, 2000) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Pastore served as a United States Senator from Rhode Island from 1950 to 1976. He served as the 61st Governor of Rhode Island from 1945 to 1950. He was the first Italian American to be elected as a senator.

Pastore was best known taking part in a 1969 hearing involving a $20 million grant for the funding of PBS. President Richard Nixon had wanted to cut the proposed funding to $10 million due to the demands of the Vietnam War. Fred Rogers, host of "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood", appeared before the committee to argue for the full $20 million. After hearing Rogers's testimony Pastore restored the funding. The following year's appropriation increased PBS funding from $9 million to $22 million.

Pastore won his final Senate race in 1970 by a 68%–32% margin over John McLaughlin. McLaughlin later became the host of the television program "The McLaughlin Group".

Pastore died in Cranston, Rhode Island on July 15, 2000 of kidney failure at the age of 93.

Messier 32

Messier 32 (also known as NGC 221) is a dwarf "early-type" galaxy about 2.65 million light-years from Earth. It is seen in the constellation Andromeda.

M32 is a satellite galaxy of the large Andromeda Galaxy (M31). It was discovered by Guillaume Le Gentil in 1749. M32 measures 6.5 ± 0.2 thousand light-years in diameter at the widest point.

The galaxy is a compact elliptical galaxy type. Compact ellipticals are rather rare.
Half the stars are inside an effective radius of only 100 parsecs.

Densities in the central area increase steeply, over 3×10 M pc as seen by the HST. The half-light radius of this central star cluster is around 6 parsec. In other words, this small centre of the galaxy emits half the light of the central 100 parsecs.

Like more ordinary elliptical galaxies, M32 contains mostly older faint red and yellow stars with practically no dust or gas and consequently no current star formation. It does, however, show hints of star formation in the relatively recent past.
M32 contains a supermassive black hole.
Its mass is between 1.5 and 5 million solar masses.

Barnard's galaxy

Barnard's galaxy (also known as NGC 6822, IC 4895, or Caldwell 57) is an irregular barred spiral galaxy. It is about 1.6 million light-years away, in the constellation Sagittarius. 
The galaxy is part of the Local Group of galaxies. It was discovered by E.E. Barnard in 1884 with a six-inch refractor telescope. 

The galaxy is one of the closest to the Milky Way. It is similar in structure and makeup to the Small Magellanic Cloud. It is about 7,000 light-years in diameter.

The galaxy is famous because it is where cepheid variables were used to find out how far away the galaxy was. Edwin Hubble found 11 cepheid variable stars, and used them to find the distance to the galaxy. This settled a great debate in the 1920s about the scale of the universe and the nature of spiral galaxies. It became clear that all "spiral nebulae" were in fact spiral "galaxies". They are far outside our own Milky Way. 

Sushil Kumar Modi

Sushil Kumar Modi (born 5 January 1952) is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party who is serving as Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar since 27 July 2017. Previously he was Deputy CM along with Finance Minister of Bihar from 2005 to 2013. He is a lifelong member of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh. He was appointed the Chairman of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers for the Implementation of Goods and Service Tax in July 2011.

Sushil Modi was born on 5 January 1952 in a Marwari (Vaishya Bania) family. His father was Moti Lal Modi and his mother was Ratna Devi. He has done BSc from B N College, Patna. He graduated Patna Science College and did Botany Hons in 1973. Later he left MSc Botany Course in Patna University, to join social movement started by Jai Prakash Narayan.

In 1990, he joined active politics and successfully contested from Patna Central Assembly (now known as Kumhrar (Vidhan Sabha constituency)). He was re-elected in 1995 & 2000. In 1990, he was made the Chief Whip of the BJP Bihar Legislature Party. From 1996 till 2004 he was the Leader of Opposition in the State Assembly. He filed the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) in the Patna High Court against Lalu Prasad Yadav, which was later known as Fodder Scam. He became a member of Lok Sabha in 2004 representing the constituency of Bhagalpur.

He was the Minister for Parliamentary Affairs in a short lived Nitish Kumar government in 2000. He supported the formation of the State of Jharkhand.

In 2005 Bihar election, NDA came to power and Modi was elected the leader of Bihar BJP Legislature Party. He subsequently resigned from the Lok Sabha and took over as the Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar. He was given the Finance Portfolio along with a number of other departments. After NDA victory in 2010 Bihar elections, he continued to be the Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar. Modi did not contest the 2005 and 2010 Bihar Assembly elections to be able to campaign for BJP.

In 2017, Sushil Modi was the main player behind the fall of the JDU-RJD Grand Alliance government in Bihar, with his continuous tirade against RJD chief Lalu Prasad and his family for four months over his alleged benami properties and irregular financial transactions.


Bilat Paswan Vihangam

Bilat Paswan, who writes under the nome de plume, Vihangam, was an Indian writer and politician, known for his writings in Hindi & Maithili literature. He is a former chairman of Bihar Public Service Commission & former chairman of Bihar Inter University Board. Born in 1940 to Bhutai Paswan in Bihar, he represented Rajnagar (Vidhan Sabha constituency) at the Bihar Legislative Assembly for two terms in 1968 and 1972 & Khajauli (Vidhan Sabha constituency) at the Bihar Legislative Assembly for two terms in 1985 and 1990, running under Indian National Congress candidature, defeating Ram Lakhan Ram of the Communist Party of India on both the elections. He also ran in two elections unsuccessfully, in 1980 and 2000. The Government of India awarded him the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2005, for his contributions to literature.

Cheerleader effect

The Cheerleader effect, or group attractiveness effect is a kind of cognitive bias: People who are part of a group are seen as more attractive, than those who aren't. This observation is valid for both men and women. The effect was coined by Barney Stinson (played by Neil Patrick Harris) in American sitcom How I Met Your Mother. It was first academically described in a study done 2013, and the result is backed up by another in 2015.

Showing the effect may be difficult: The study done in 2015 was repeated, but did not show the same result. According to the research team, this may be due to cultural differences, since the new study was performed in Japan.

Patna Junction railway station

Patna Junction, station code "PNBE", is a major railway station in the capital city of Patna in the Indian state of Bihar. Located in heart of the city, it is the main railway station serving Patna. It falls under the Danapur division of the East Central Railway zone of the Indian Railways. Patna Junction is one of the busiest railway stations of the country.

The Patna Junction railway station is connected to most of the major cities in India by the railway network.
Patna lies in between New Delhi and Kolkata which is one of the busiest rail routes in India. Patna has trains running frequently to Delhi and Kolkata. The city is a major railway hub and has six major stations: Patna Junction, Rajendranagar Terminal, Gulzarbagh Station, Danapur railway station, Patliputra Junction and Patna Sahib Station. Patna is well connected with Gaya, Jehanabad Biharsharif, Rajgir, Islampur through daily passenger and express train services.

Donaueschingen

Donaueschingen is a German town in the Black Forest in the southwest of the state of Baden-Württemberg in the Schwarzwald-Baar district.

As of 2003, it has about 21,300 people.

It stands near the confluence of the two sources of the river Danube (in ; the town's name is an eponym).

Donaueschingen stands in a basin within low mountainous terrain. It is about south of Villingen-Schwenningen, west of Tuttlingen, and about north of the Swiss town of Schaffhausen. It is the second largest town in the district ("Kreis") of Schwarzwald-Baar. The location of the town is favourable for its role as a regional rail hub.

Donaueschingen has partnerships with the following cities:


Open set

In set theory an open set is a set where all elements have the same properties. Simply put, an open set is a set that does not include its edges or endpoints. For each point in the set, you can make a bubble around that point, such that all points in the bubble are also in the set.

On the other hand, a closed set includes all its edges or endpoints. A set that includes some of its edges or endpoints is neither open nor closed. 

An open set is very similar to an open interval.

The set (0,1) is open. If we choose a very small value, there will always be a small bubble which are all in the set (0,1).

If we choose a very small value h ∈ (0,1), we can make a bubble formula_1, in which all the values are in (0,1).
However, [0,1] is closed. If we choose the value 0, and choose a very small value k, 0-k ∉ [0,1], which means that it's closed.

Reinhard Hardegen

"Korvettenkapitän" Reinhard Hardegen (18 March 1913 – 9 June 2018) was a German U-boat commander during World War II, oil businessman and politician. He was born in Bremen, Germany. He was the last surviving Ace of the Deep member. He was the 24th-most-successful commander of the war, known for sinking 22 ships. 

After the war, he spent a year and a half in British captivity before starting a successful oil trading business and serving as a member of Bremen's city council (the "Bürgerschaft") from 1959 to 1979.

Hardegen turned 100 in March 2013. He died in Bremen on 9 June 2018 of respiratory failure at the age of 105.

Charles Vinci

Charles Thomas Vinci Jr. (February 28, 1933 – June 13, 2018) was an American weightlifter and Olympic champion.
He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He won gold medals at the 1955 and 1959 Pan American games. He won a gold medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, with a world-record three-lift (snatch, clean and jerk, overhead press) total of . He won gold again at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome.

Robert Downey Sr.

Robert John Downey Sr. (born Robert Elias Jr.; June 24, 1936 - July 7, 2021) was an American movie director, screenwriter and celebrity. He was the father of celebrity Robert Downey Jr.. Downey Sr. was best known for writing and directing the underground movie "Putney Swope". He retired in 2013. Downey Sr. was born in New York City. Downey Sr. starred in "Johnny Be Good", "Hail Caesar" and "Tower Heist".

Downey Sr. died in his sleep at his home in New York City on July 7, 2021 from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 85.

Stanislav Govorukhin

Stanislav Sergeyevich Govorukhin PAR (; 29 March 1936 – 14 June 2018) was a Russian movie director, screenwriter, politician and actor. He was born in Berezniki, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. For directing, he was known for the movie "The Meeting Place Cannot Be Changed". In screenwriting, he was known for "Voroshilov Sharpshooter". In acting, he was known for his roles as Commander in "Encore, Once More Encore!" and as Zosima in "Heads and Tails".

Govorukhin was a member of the State Duma from 1993 until his death in 2018 serving as a conservative member of the Democratic Party of Russia. He ran for President of Russia as an Independent in the 2000 presidential election, but lost to Vladimir Putin. In the 2000s, he worked for the Putin administration and election campaigns. He was a supporter of Putin.

Govorukhin died on 14 June 2018 in Barvikha, Russia of a heart attack at the age of 82.


Louis Sachar

Louis Sachar ( ; born March 20, 1954) is an American children's book author. His best known books are the "Wayside School" series and the award-winner, "Holes" novel.

"Holes" won the 1998 U.S. National Book Award for Young People's Literature and the 1999 Newbery Medal for the year's "most distinguished contribution to American literature for children". In 2013, it was ranked number six among all-time children's novels in a survey published by "School Library Journal".

Louis Sachar was born in East Meadow, New York United States






Alexander Rutskoy

Alexander Vladimirovich Rutskoy (; born 16 September 1947) is a Russian politician and a former Soviet military officer.

Rutskoy served as the only Vice President of Russia from 10 July 1991 to 4 October 1993, and as the Governor of Kursk Oblast from 1996 to 2000. In the Russian constitutional crisis of 1993, he was made acting President of Russia, in opposition to President Boris Yeltsin.

Wheeler Winston Dixon

Wheeler Winston Dixon (born March 12, 1950) is an American movie director, critic, screenwriter, historian and scholar. He is an expert on movie history. 

From 1999 to 2014, he was co-editor, along with Gwendolyn Audrey Foster, of the "Quarterly Review of Film and Video." He is thought to be as a top reviewer of movies alongside Roger Ebert. In addition, he is known as a filmmaker, and the "Museum of Modern Art" exhibited his works in 2003. 

Dixon taught at Rutgers University, The New School in New York, the University of Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is currently the James E. Ryan professor emeritus professor of movie studies and English at the University of Nebraska in Lincoln.


Pedro Pascal

José Pedro Balmaceda Pascal (born April 2, 1975), known professionally as Pedro Pascal, is a Chilean-American actor. He is best known for playing the roles of Oberyn Martell in the HBO series "Game of Thrones", Javier Peña in the Netflix series "Narcos," Din Djarin in "The Mandalorian", and Joel Miller in "".

In March 2018, Pascal was cast in the DC Extended Universe movie "Wonder Woman 1984" (2020) as Maxwell Lord.

Citigroup Centre, London

Citigroup Centre is a building complex in London. It houses Citigroup's EMEA headquarters and is located in Canary Wharf in the city's Docklands. The centre provides of floor space across two merged buildings - 33 Canada Square (known as "CGC1") and 25 Canada Square (known as "CGC2"), and houses the bulk of Citi's UK employee base. Together, both buildings form the Citigroup Centre complex.

25 Canada Square, or Citigroup Centre 2, stands at and, alongside HSBC Tower (with which it was built in tandem), is the joint 4th-tallest building in the United Kingdom (behind The Shard, One Canada Square and Heron Tower). Designed by César Pelli & Associates, construction of the 45-storey tower - undertaken by Canary Wharf Contractors - began in 1998 and was completed in 2001, with Citigroup leasing the building from the outset. The building was bought by RBS in 2004 along with 5 Canada Square (leased to Bank of America) for $1.12 billion. Subsequently, on 2 July 2007, CGC2 was individually sold to a joint venture between Quinlan Private and PropInvest for £1 billion (US$2 billion). Citigroup pay £46.5 million a year in rent for the tower, generating a yield of 4.6% to the owners. The east-facing side of 25 Canada Square up to level 40 is configured for use by tenants.

33 Canada Square, or Citigroup Centre 1, is the smaller of the two buildings in the complex, designed by Norman Foster and completed in 1999, two years before its neighbour. At tall, the building is made up of eighteen floors, all of which are adjoined to their equivalent floors in 25 Canada Square. The building is owned by Citigroup, and was built before the completion of the Jubilee line extension in late 1999.

In addition to main entrances from both Canada Square and Upper Bank Street, Citigroup Centre is also accessible via underground walkways from Canada Place shopping mall and Canary Wharf London Underground station - served by the Jubilee line. The centre is also close to DLR stations Canary Wharf and Heron Quays, which provide connections with the City, London City Airport and surrounding areas.

Janny Sikazwe

Janny Sikazwe (born 26 May 1979) is a Zambian teacher and also an international football referee. He was one of the referees for the AFCON 2015, and he was the referee at the 2016 FIFA Club World Cup Final in Japan and also at 2017 AFCON final in Gabon.


Deinococcus–Thermus

Deinococcus–Thermus is a phylum of extremophile bacteria that are highly resistant to environmental hazards.

These bacteria have thick cell walls that give them gram-positive stains, and they have a second membrane. They are closer in structure to that of gram-negative bacteria.
Cavalier-Smith calls this clade Hadobacteria (from Hades, the Greek underworld).

Radioresistance

Radioresistance is a property of some living things. It means they can resist the effects of gamma radiation, ultra-violet radiation, and similar types of radiation. A good example is the bacterium "Deinococcus radiodurans". It has enzymes which repair the DNA strands which have been split by the radiation.

Andaman Islands

The Andaman Islands are an archipelago and form a part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The archipelago is located in the Bay of Bengal, off the eastern coast of the country. The closest landmass to these islands is the country of Myanmar to the north of it. There are 572 islands, about 36 of which are inhabited. Andaman islands is a prime location for tourism.

The economy of Andaman is based on fishing and agriculture. Andaman also has other natural resources. Handicrafts, timber, wildlife and the tourism are important.

Being an island region, the major part of Andaman’s economy is fishing industry. Varieties used include Ocellaris Clownfish, mackerels, barracuda, mullets, tuna, sardines and flying fishes, and seashells.

Agriculture and food production changed in recent times, with the government bringing in special provisions to increase productivity on the limited land available. The crops grown here are seasonal vegetables, oilseeds, pulses, pepper, nutmeg, cinnamon, red oil, rubber, palm and cashew nuts.

Tourism brings lot of activity to the Andamans. Andaman is seen as a destination for honeymooners, with the next image being a tropical island with a variety of water sports available here. Also, travel has promoted other great industries in the area as well, like the banking sector, wildlife regions, handicrafts, shipping etc.
About 200,000 visitors came to enjoy the beaches and tropical climate in 2010. Havelock Island and Jolly Buoy are two places famous for their pristine patches of coral, making these one of the best dive spots in the region. Havelock Island is considered a heaven for beach lovers. The Radhanagar beach on Havelock was ranked as Asia’s best by the TimeTM, and was placed amongst the top seven beaches of the world as well.


The total population of Andaman, as per the census of 2011, was 356,152. Of the total population 53.25% were male, and 46.75% were the female. Major languages spoken here are Hindi, Nicobarese, Bengali, Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu. The variety of languages may have been caused by the establishment of a penal colony here during british rule. The British brought in slaves and forced labourers, as well as prisoners here. These people stayed to make this place their home, resulting in such a divere population.

The aboriginal Andamanese people are a small minority of the population, less than 1000 people. Out of the original ten tribes who inhabited the islands, only about four are still in existence. These are:

Alpine County, California

Alpine County is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,204, making it California's least populous county. The county seat is the census-designated place of Markleeville. There are no incorporated cities in the county.

Alpine County is in the Sierra Nevada, between Lake Tahoe and Yosemite National Park.

The county was founded on March 16, 1864.

Jan Mayensfield

Jan Mayensfield () is an aerodrome or airfield in Jan Mayen, Norway. It is run by the Norwegian Armed Forces. The aerodrome serves both the civilians and the military on the island. The airfield was opened in 1960. The runway is made of dirt and is long. The runway is labeled 06-24.

Eight times a year, a Lockheed C-130 Hercules from the 335 Squadron from Bodø Main Air Station brings supplies and new people. Landing safely can be difficult because the volcano nearby called Beerenberg causes wind vortexes.

The airfield was made by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the Norwegian Armed Forces. They started to work on the airfield in 1958. To make the work easier, the workers made the runway from a existing dirt road. The first airplane to land at the airfield was a Consolidated PBY Catalina on September 17, 1960.

The first non-military aircraft to land at the airfield was a Douglas DC-4 which brought journalists on October 29, 1961. Grumman HU-16 Albatrosses and the Douglas DC-6s have also landed at the airfield. The airfield was named after movie star Jayne Mansfield as a joke, but the name stuck.

In 1970, the volcano called Beerenberg erupted and all the people were evacuated. A C-130 was sent to the island to get the people and was able to land on the dirt runway. More and more supplies were delivered by aircraft after that. Most supplies were delivered by ship.

The C-130 from the Royal Norwegian Air Force visits the island only eight times a year. The runway is not open for regular commercial use. The runway can be used for research and search and rescue.

The dirt runway is . One end of the runway points to 060 degrees on a compass and the other end points to 240 degrees.

The Jan Mayensfield airdrome's weather can change a lot. It is often foggy. Kármán vortexes can make the winds quickly change direction.

IN 1991, a C-130 aircraft almost crashed after take off due to the wind shifting.

A World War II plane crashed near where the airfield was built.

Kiyonori Kikutake

Kikutake was born in 1928 in Kurume, Japan. He graduated from Waseda University in 1950.

Kikutake's most important work is his "Marine City" project in 1958. This project became part of the Metabolist Manifesto at the World Design Conference in Tokyo in 1960. Kenzo Tange and Kisho Kurokawa were asked to show work at the "Visionary Architecture" exhibition in New York of 1961. This made the Metabolists known internationally.

He became assistant professor at Waseda University in 1959 in the Faculty of Science and Engineering. He became a professor at Chiba Institute of Technology in 1989. He returned to Waseda from 1993-1998 as a visiting professor in the Research Institute for Science and Engineering.

Kikutake worked until he died in 2011. He designed several important public buildings in Japan. He also taught internationally. He was President and then Honorary President of the Japan Institute of Architects.

Kikutake won many awards both in Japan and internationally. These include the Japan Academy of Architecture Prize (1970) and the UIA (Union Internationale des Architectes) Auguste Perret Prize (1978).




Mu Cephei

Mu Cephei, also known as Herschel's Garnet Star due to its red, garnet-like color, is a red hypergiant star in the Cepheus constellation. With a radius between 1,260 and 1,420 solar radii, or a diameter between 1.7 and 2 billion kilometers, it is one of the largest stars known. This means Mu Cephei is twice the size of the more famous star Betelgeuse. Mu Cephei is also 269,000 times brighter than the Sun. Mu Cephei is also the "prototype" of the semiregular variable star type.


Enoch zu Guttenberg

Enoch zu Guttenberg, (29 July 1946 – 15 June 2018) was a German conductor. He also owned the large winery estate Weingut Reichsrat von Buhl. He was born in Guttenberg, Bavaria, Germany. He was a member of the House of Guttenberg.

Guttenberg died on 15 June 2018 at the age of 71.


Sonia Scurfield

Sonia Scurfield, B.A (née Onishenko; September 19, 1928 – June 14, 2018) was a Canadian businesswoman. She was a co-owner of the Calgary Flames hockey team from 1985 to 1994. She became only the second woman, and the only Canadian woman, to have her name engraved on the Stanley Cup when the Calgary Flames won the National Hockey League championship in 1989. She was born in Hafford, Saskatchewan.

Scurfield died from stomach cancer on June 14, 2018 in Calgary, Alberta at the age of 89.


Mongi Kooli

Mongi Kooli (March 15, 1930 – June 14, 2018) was a Tunisian politician and diplomat. He joined the Socialist Destourian Party. He was the governor of the Jendouba Governorate and the Bizerte Governorate. He was the Tunisian Health Minister in 1976–1977. Kooli was born in Ksar Hellal, Tunisia.

Kooli died on June 14, 2018 in Gammarth, Tunisia from complications of gallbladder cancer at the age of 88.

Fazlullah (militant leader)

Fazal Hayat (1974 – 14 June 2018), more commonly known by his pseudonym Fazlullah (), was a militant. He served as the leader of the Tehreek-e-Nafaz-e-Shariat-e-Mohammadi. He was the leader of the Tehreek-e-Taliban-e-Pakistan in Swat Valley.

On 7 November 2013, he became the emir of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, and presided over the descent of the group into factions who are often at war with each other. Fazlullah was added to the U.S. State Department's Rewards for Justice wanted list on March 7, 2018.

On 14 June 2018, Fazlullah was killed in an American drone Strike in Kunar Province, Afghanistan at the age of 43-44.


Vincent R. Gray

Vincent Richard Gray (24 March 1922 – 14 June 2018) was a British-born New Zealand chemist. He was a founder of the New Zealand Climate Science Coalition. He was born in London. He was known for being a critic of global warming. 

Gray was featured on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation program Counterpoint in a debate entitled "Nine Lies about Global Warming". In 2002, Gray also published a book, "The Greenhouse Delusion: A Critique of "Climate Change 2001"".

Gray died in Petone, New Zealand of pneumonia on 14 June 2018, aged 96.



Frank Bresee

Frank Bresee (August 20, 1929 – June 5, 2018) was an American radio personality and historian. Bresee was born in Los Angeles, California. He hosted the "Golden Days Of Radio" program which began in 1949 and aired on the Armed Forces Radio Network from 1967 to 1995.

Bresee died on June 5, 2018 of complications from dementia at the age of 88.

Richard Hadlee

Sir Richard John Hadlee (born 3 July 1951) is a New Zealand former cricketer. He is thought to be one of the greatest fast bowlers and all-rounders in cricketing history. He was born in St Albans, New Zealand.

Hadlee was appointed MBE in 1980 and knighted in 1990 for services to cricket. In December 2002, he was chosen by Wisden as the second greatest Test bowler of all time. 

On 3 April 2009, Sir Richard Hadlee was inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame. 

In June 2018, Hadlee was diagnosed with bowel cancer and underwent tumour removal surgery.

Jerry Butler

Jerry "Iceman" Butler, Jr. (born December 8, 1939) is an American Hall of Fame singer-songwriter, musician, television presenter and politician. He was born in Sunflower, Mississippi. He is a guitarist, pianist, drummer and saxophonist. His genres include funk, soul and R&B. He was raised in Cabrini–Green, Chicago.

He is known as being the original lead singer of the R&B vocal group The Impressions. He serves as a Commissioner for Cook County, Illinois, having first been elected in 1985 as a Democrat. As a member of this 17-member county board, he chairs the Health and Hospitals Committee, and serves as Vice Chair of the Construction Committee.

In 1991, Butler was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame along with other The Impressions' members.

In his last election, Butler won reelection in March 2014 with over 80 percent of the vote. Butler will not seek re-election to the board in 2018.

In recent years, he has served as host of PBS TV music specials such as "Doo Wop 50" and "51", "Rock Rhythm and Doo Wop", and "Soul Spectacular: 40 years of R&B", among others. He has also served as chairman of the board of the Rhythm and Blues Foundation.


2019 Chicago mayoral election

An election for Mayor of Chicago in which the first round was held on February 26, 2019. Since no candidate received a majority of votes, a runoff election will be held on April 2, 2019. Incumbent Rahm Emanuel was able to run for a third term, as there are no term limits for the office of Mayor of Chicago, but on September 4, 2018 declined to seek a third term.

Emanuel was first elected in 2011, when he took 55.19% of the vote in a four candidate field. He was reelected in 2015, receiving 55.7% of the vote in the runoff election.

The total of fourteen candidates on the mayoral ballot is record-setting for Chicago mayoral elections.

In the first round election, Lori Lightfoot and Toni Preckwinkle advanced to the runoff election. Lightfoot was elected in a victory landslide, becoming the first African-American woman mayor of Chicago, Lori Lightfoot will also be the first openly LGBT Mayor of Chicago. Lightfoot won all fifty of the city's wards.



Sunflower, Mississippi

Sunflower is a town in Sunflower County, Mississippi. As of the census of 2020, there were 964 people, 354 households, and 248 families residing in the town.

As of 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $21,842, and the median income for a family was $23,750.

Musicians Matt Murphy and Jerry Butler were born here.

Bose gas

Bose gas is a concept in quantum mechanics.

Classical mechanics has a concept called ideal gas. This concept describes how a gas usually behaves, in different settings. A bose gas is the analogous concept in quantum mechanics. 

A bose gas is made of bosons with a positive spin value. These bosons also follow the Bose-Einstein statistics. The statistical mechanics of bosons were developed by Satyendra Nath Bose for photons. Albert Einstein extended the theory, when he realized that an ideal gas of bosons would form a condensate at a low enough temperature. This condensate is known as a Bose–Einstein condensate. This is not the case with a classical ideal gas.

2018 FIFA World Cup disciplinary record

In the 2018 FIFA World Cup, which is taking place in Russia from 14 June to 15 July 2018, the main disciplinary actions taken against players come in the form of red and yellow cards.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Aram Shah

Aram Shah was the second king of the Mamluk dynasty. The Mamluk dynasty was the first dynasty of the Delhi Sultanate. He ruled the dynasty from 1210 to 1211. 
Aram Shah was not a good ruler. The forty nobles group, Chihalgani called Iltutmish to rule over the dynasty. Iltutmish defeated Aram Shah in the war. He also became the next king of the dynasty.

Katie Harman

Katie Marie Harman (born August 18, 1980) is an American classical vocalist and actress. She was Miss America 2002. Before that, she was Miss Oregon 2001.

After her pageant career, Harman worked as a singer and actress. She appeared in various stage productions in the United States. In 2001, on the Saturday after the September 11 attacks, Harman was chosen as Miss America.

Harman was born in Portland, Oregon.

Markleeville, California

Markleeville (formerly, Markleville) is a census-designated place (CDP) in California, United States. It is the county seat of Alpine County. The population was 191 at the 2020 census.

Amador County, California

Amador County, officially the County of Amador, is a county in the U.S. state of California, in the Sierra Nevada. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,474. The county seat is Jackson.

Norma Bessouet

Norma Bessouet (October 15, 1940 – June 11, 2018) was an Argentine painter and sculptor. Bessouet's work was mainly about around portraits, domesticity and the female nude. Her paintings were abstract in their style and she also created equally as abstract wooden dolls. She was born in Buenos Aires.

Bessouet lived and worked in New York City. She died of breast cancer in Buenos Aires on June 11, 2018 at the age of 77.

Wayne Flynt

James Wayne Flynt (born October 4, 1940) is an American educator, editor and historian. He was born in Pontotoc, Mississippi. He is Professor Emeritus in the Department of History at Auburn University. He has won many teaching awards and been a Distinguished University Professor for many years. 

His research focuses on Southern culture, Alabama politics, Southern religion, education reform, and poverty. He is Editor-in-Chief of the Online "Encyclopedia of Alabama".

Flynt had two sons with his late wife Dorothy - they were named Sean and David. 

He was a longtime friend of Harper Lee, the author of "To Kill a Mockingbird" and gave the eulogy at her funeral.


Beavis and Butt-Head Do America

Beavis and Butt-Head Do America is an American 1996 comedy and adventure movie. Beavis and Butt-head are the main characters in the movie. They're played by Mike Judge. The teenage boys are from the fictional town of Highland, Texas.

The movie went to theaters in North America on December 20, 1996. It made over $63.1 million at the U.S. box office. It opened at #1 with $20 million. The budget was $12 million.

As of September 2015, the movie had a 72% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 54 reviews. On Metacritic, the movie has a 64 out of 100 rating, meaning "generally favorable reviews".

Roger Ebert and Gene Siskel gave the movie "two thumbs up".

The movie was released on VHS on June 10, 1997. It was released on DVD on November 23, 1999.

Liberation (Christina Aguilera album)

Liberation is the eighth studio album by American singer Christina Aguilera. It was released on June 15, 2018, by RCA Records. The album is Aguilera's first in nearly six years. She enlisted new producers to create a different sound, such as Ricky Reed and Kanye West.

Two singles have been released from the album: "Accelerate" featuring rappers Ty Dolla $ign and 2 Chainz, and "Fall in Line" featuring singer Demi Lovato. The ballad "Twice" was released as a promotional single.

Nova Odessa

Nova Odessa is a Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. Its population in 2010 was 55.321 inhabitants. Its area is 73,3 km².


Nabil Fekir

Nabil Fekir (born 18 July 1993) is a French football player who plays for Olympique Lyonnais. He played in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Real Betis

France

Individual

Orders

Tekka Raja Badsha

Tekka Raja Badsha () is a Bengali television comedy drama that will begin streaming soon. It will air on the television channel called STAR Jalsha. The show will star Yuvraj Chowdhury, Somraj Maity, and Soumik Saha in lead roles. The show is similar to the Hindi movie Amar Akbar Anthony which was directed by Manmohan Desai.


Inyo County, California

Inyo County is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,016. The county seat is Independence.

Inyo County is on the east side of the Sierra Nevada. It is southeast of Yosemite National Park in Central California.

The Kaze

The Kaze (popularly known as Killa Klan Kaze) is an American hip hop group, formed in 1990 in the city of Memphis, Tennessee.

The group began in the early 1990s, along with members of Scan Man and K-Rock, who were later to be replaced by Project Pat (recently incarcerated at the time). The band shortened their name to The Kaze and released their first and only album, "Kamakazie Timez Up". The Kaze sold about 50,000 units independently since its release in 1998.

Collectively known as The Kaze, the three artists released the album with the production of . The album was to be the only project the group released together. After its release, MC Mack and Scan Man released their KamiKaze label and broke ties with Prophet Entertainment.

Tennessee's first great hip-hop artists, released their first album in 1998. After their second album sold well regionally, they signed with Lourd Records, which re-released All About My Hustle nationally in 2001. Their second album Universal was 2002's KamiKaze Up. At that point, they signed with DJ Paul's Scale-A-Ton, and also created their own label entitled Kami Kaze Inc. In 2003 they released their upcoming mixtape, Remastered, at Prophet Posse . In 2009, the group decided to leave the label on good terms.



Independence, California

Independence is a census-designated place (CDP) in Inyo County, California. It is the county seat of the county. The population was 593 at the 2020 census.

Independence is south-southeast of Bishop. It is at an elevation of .


Abu Huzaifa al-Kanadi

Abu Huzaifa al-Kanadi is a self-described member of the Islamic State. He left Toronto in 2014 to join them before eventually returning back in 2016. It is unknown as to what his real name is, as he agreed to not reveal it on CBC. He sparked outrage after admitting on The New York Times that he murdered people while fighting for them. Numerous conservatives, such as Candice Bergen, called for action against him, as well as criticizing Justin Trudeau and the liberal government for refusing to arrest him. 

Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne

Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne (December 31, 1918 – June 3, 2018) was a Russian-born American author. She was a sniper during World War II and a survivor of the Siege of Leningrad. She was the author of 14 books. She was a survivor of the Siege of Leningrad.

Wayne died in Kingston, Washington of respiratory failure on June 3, 2018 at the age of 99.


Kingston, Washington

Kingston (formerly Appletree Cove) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kitsap County, Washington, United States. The population was 2,099 at the 2010 census.

Kingston is near the shores of Appletree Cove and the Puget Sound. It is home to a major Washington State Ferry linking it to Edmonds.

Edmonds, Washington

Edmonds is a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. It is located in the southwest corner of the county, facing Puget Sound and the Olympic Mountains to the west. 

The city is part of the Seattle metropolitan area and is located north of Seattle and southwest of Everett. It has a population of 39,709 residents in 2010 U.S. census. Edmonds is the fourth most populous city in the county. 


Olympic Mountains

The Olympic Mountains are a mountain range on the Olympic Peninsula of western Washington in the United States. The mountains, part of the Pacific Coast Ranges. 

The eastern slopes rise out of Puget Sound from sea level and the western slopes are separated from the Pacific Ocean by the low-lying wide Pacific Ocean coastal plain. The western slopes are the wettest place in the contiguous United States (outside Hawaii and Alaska). 

Most of the mountains are protected within the bounds of the Olympic National Park. A large portion of the range is contained within the Olympic National Park. Of this 95% is part of the Olympic Wilderness.


Antônio Carlos Konder Reis

Antônio Carlos Konder Reis (16 December 1924 – 12 June 2018) was a Brazilian politician. He was born in Itajaí, Santa Catarina. He served as Senator from 1963 to 1975, a Deputy (1955–1963, 1987–1991, 1998–2003), and Governor of Santa Catarina from 1975 to 1979 and briefly again from 1994 to 1995.

Konder Reis died on 12 June 2018 in Itajaí at the age of 93.

Martin Bregman

Martin "Marty" Bregman (May 18, 1926 – June 16, 2018) was an American movie producer. He was born in New York City. Bregman produced many movies including "Scarface", "Sea of Love", "Venom", "Serpico", "Dog Day Afternoon", "The Four Seasons", "Betsy's Wedding", "Carlito's Way", "", "The Bone Collector" and "The Adventures of Pluto Nash".

Bregman died of a cerebral hemorrhage in New York City on June 16, 2018 at the age of 92.

Alvarito

Álvaro Rodríguez Ros (16 January 1936 – 16 June 2018), commonly known as Alvarito, was a Spanish football defender and manager. He was born in Ujo, Mieres. In 1960, he played for the Spain national football team. From 1957 to 1963, Rodríguez Ros played for Atlético Madrid.

Rodríguez Ros died on 16 June 2018 in Huércal-Overa, Province of Almería, at the age of 82.


Iván Duque Márquez

Iván Duque Márquez (; born August 1, 1976) is a Colombian politician and economist. He was the 33rd President of Colombia from 7 August 2018 to 7 August 2022. Before, he was a senator for Bogota in the Senate of Colombia. He is a member of the Democratic Center Party.

On March 11, 2018, Duque won the nomination to become the presidential candidate for the right coalition. Duque was elected President of Colombia on June 17, 2018 after defeating Gustavo Petro 54% to 42% in the second round. On May 27, 2018 he won the first round of the presidential election with over 39% of the vote.


Zou people

Zou Tribe is one of the Schedule Tribes of Manipur. The Zou tribal populace is mainly concentrated in two districts of the state, namely, Churachandpur and Chandel. Zou language has been incorporated in the study curriculum of several high schools and also some of the higher secondary schools in the state of Manipur.
Zou tribes are a less known indigenous community residing along the Indo-Burma border. Zou tribe is officially recognised as Indian Scheduled Tribe in the state of Manipur. Zou tribal population in the country is estimated to be nearly 20,000 to 25,000, although there are no official records. Zou tribal community is mostly concentrated in and around Churachandpur district and Chandel district of this state of North-East India. According to 2001 census report, the Zou population has been ranked as the 10th largest amongst the Scheduled Tribe population in Manipur. Zou language is one of the set Major Indian Languages taught in the high schools and higher secondary schools of the state.

In India, the Zou are officially recognized as one of the thirty-three indigenous peoples within the state of Manipur, and are one of the scheduled tribes. According to the 2001 Census, the Zou population in Manipur is around 20,000, less than 3% of the population. The community is concentrated in Churachandpur and Chandel districts of Manipur in North-East India.

The history of Zou tribe is not very clear. The Zou tribes have Indo-Chinese origin and the in the local dialect of the Zou people, the name of the tribal group suggests 'human being'. There is a saying among the tribal community that mankind is born from trees, leaves and soil. It is believed that the early history of Zou community is lost in legends and myths. The linguistic and racial evidences imply that they are of Indo-Chinese origin. Linguists said that the Zomi language belongs to Tibeto-Burman language family. In the South-East Asian region, there had been some dynasties, places and people, which bear the mark, Zou with some variations in spelling. Further, some scholars also suggest that around 200 BC because of regular Chinese attacks, the Zomis probably have moved to the north east of Tibet.

The Zou tribal community has a script of its own, which is known as "Zolai". All the write ups of the Zou tribes are being done using the script. Today, this Zolai script has gained popularity amongst Zou youths who have started to learn the script with lots of enthusiasm and excitement. However, Roman script is the official script that has been used by the Zou population. Even the holy book Bible has been translated in to Zou language making use of Roman script. In Manipur, the literacy rate of the Zou tribes is low and it is around 61.6 percent according to 2001 Census report. It is to be noted that the Zou dialectal group is just a branch of the huge traditional group, namely, Chin-Kuki-Lushai ethnic group.

Original Mother Tongue of Zote (Zomi)

Round about 1450 A.D, Pu Hanghil (the father of Chie Manlun) and Pu Gen Kun of Taithul family founded Hai Daw village from Suih Mual village. Pu Gen Kun was appointed to be the Headman of Hai Dawi village. Both of them fought together against Bum Zang village which was about two miles from Hai Dawi. There they defeated the villagers of Bum Zang village. Later, Pu Hang Hil was appointed as Headman of Bum Zang village. Later, Pu Hang Hil shifted to Khua Dai village which is about three miles from Bum Zang village. There his sons Man Lun, Ma Tuang, Mang Son, Hang Vung and Mat Mang were born. As they grew in about 1500 A.D Manlun started his ruling as a chief Khuangnung in village. Mantuang in 1550 A.D at Phaitu village, Mangson at Gamngai and Hangvung at Khuadai village(?). So, we can simply point out that the first Zote Khua was Hai Dawi village. Up to this day Hai Dawi people still exist a people and they speak Hai Dawi dialect. To the original tongue of Zote might be Hai Dawi dialect.

As the Israelites retained the Hebrew language so also if we are going to retain our real mother tongue, we must speak Hai Dawi dialect, for it was the first and lingua franca of Zote descendants. Similarly if any one among Zote descendants would like to print any book or Bible, he would use the Hai Dawi dialect words, not because of its fitness, but only for its originality. I believe we all agree to give first priority to Hai Dawi dialect as our Zote-original mother tongue.

The Hai Dawi dialect

Maw na sung ma naw in, amaw sa pi ma in leimi in i piang a, a khawh ma ma - gam lua a i lua suhsuh ih mawnate ma ei bawl in eima pumpi ei man muda maithei, Ih mawnate -eeng taang gol lua a hi man in khat veivei eima mawnate eimon maisah zolo maithei va-ia kim lai, tuate lip khap sih saang a pamai eisa, ei khua tua ngeet-nguut ngeng ngong man a ih dial dual liang luang mawna nei van nuai ei mai sah thop valong, abieh huai tapo ma Jehova ki chi Pasian khat a na om ngang tangh hi.

Translation: 
As we are born in sin, we cannot even love ourselves and there is no knowledge about what is forgiveness, because of the enormous sins inherited in us. Eventhough we are in this situation, inspite of our enormous sins the one who has mercy, sympathises us and forgives us our sins is the God called Jehovah.
Tua Jehovah Pasian in atapa neisun Zeisu tawh ei maw nei leimite ei tat ngam giap na, itna sang a a uang gol zaw lim itna dang leitung ah tu dong kimu nai va-ia lo hi.

Transaltion:
Jehovah God's love in giving his only begotten son for the remission of our sins and its horrible consequence is the greatest love in the world. There is greater love in the world up to this day.

Tui khang bang a leitung a tomkal khat ih mit phet va huausung teng beeh, upna a muan tawh Jehovah Pasian um kha popo lei-ih zaw? Aman eite chidamna, khansauna, pilna, hauna, lungnopna, ji hoi, pasal hoi, tanu tapa meel hoi neitheina thuphate tawh ei ang vaan tuah valon ding baan ah, ih si zaw chiang na ngawn a ih hla in van tung ah hindenna nga ding-chi te a kammal tawh ei khap saa ma tah khu.

Translation: 
Within our span of vaporous life, if we believe in Jehovah God rightly, there are numerous promises abounded for health, prosperity, wisdom, longevity, good husband, good wife, and even our offspring would see beauty and excellence and above all eternal bliss after life will be received.

These Zou tribes, following the trend of the other tribes, too follow Christianity as their main religion. This Zou community has a plethora of rituals and customs, both religious as well as social, undergo sea change to keep up with the trend of present day modern trends. The Zou people follow ceremonies associated with nature. The Zou tribal society still loyally maintains their old patriarchal structure.

Hunting and agriculture are the major occupation of the Zou tribal people. Modern education system empowered the Zou women to enter today's job market.

The traditional customs, practices and other related issues of this small tribe has recently been explored systematically. Unfortunately, this tribe has escaped the attention of social scientists in general and sociologists in particular. The Zous like other tribal communities in the northeast India have maintained their age-old customary practices.

The Zou tribe generally follows what is called as "Patrilineal cross-cousin's marriage" which is their first choice known as Neita. It is generally observed that the traditional marriage system of the Zou tribes is regulated either by (i) Tong Mou (Arranged marriage), (ii) Neita (Cross cousin Marriage), and (ii) Elopement Marriage. THe above three types of marriage of course consist of arrange as well as love marriage. There are minute details to be explored with related to Zou customary marriage practices, I am not going to elaborate on all these minute details at the moment. This article aims at the contemporary practices without going in deep studies.

Once there were two woman who were great friends and they loved each other very much. One day they made an agreement that if one gives birth to a male baby and other give birth to a female baby they would marry them to each other. Later in the use two pregnant women gave birth to a female and the other woman gave birth to a male baby.The male baby was named Ngambawm and the female baby was named Khupching. Khupching belongs to a royal family whereas Ngambawm belong to a poor family. So their social disparities created a social barrier. Khupching’s parents retracted from their agreement to marry these two people.So they tried to seeparate them rightr from their babyhood. They used different cradles,but it was so amazing that the two babies join themselves in one cradle. Even in the field they thought that they had separated while ploughing the field they found the two babies join together in the evening in one cradle.As they grew up Khupching and Ngambawm loved each other very much. One day Ngambawm asked Khupching to marry him. 
But Khupching replied in songs:

(a) Ka tun va dongin,ka zuo va dong in khuokhâl tui bang hing la ve aw.

[ask my mother ask my father fetch me like the dry season(autumn) waters.] 
Ngambawm asked her parents.They refused/rejected him flatly.

Ngambawm sang this song:
"(a) Na tun lah dong ing na zuo lah dong ing khuokhâl tui bang lâh nâilou e."
I had asked your mother and father, they flatly refused to marry you to me, but I can not fetch you like dry season (autumn) waters. On hearing her parents refused him, her love for Ngambawm increased day by day.

One day Ngambawm plucked a single hair of Khupching and he placed it under a stone which was near a waterfall of a stream.Khupching fell ill since then.Her mother decalred that if someone could cure her he will be her husand. When he heard this news ngambawm took back the hair from under the stone and put it back into Khupching’s head. Ngambawm cured her but her parents still refused him marriage to her. Ngambawm again took back and he put it under the stone nearby stream once again. She became ill bagain. Her parents again promised the same as before to one who could cure her. He took the hair and put it back into her head and she was cured. In this way he cured her many times.But her parents were adamanat not to mary her off to him. Ngambawm again hid her hair under a stone unfortunately this time her hair was lost in the running stream. So Khupching fell ill and died. When the body was about to be buried her body swelled like a big balloon and the people could not extricate out of the house. The people were flabber-gasted and amazed about this phenomenon. No one could solve the problem. So they requested Ngambawm to come and help them out. Ngambawm spoke to the corpse saying “Darling we are separated but this is the will of God, make your self small again and get out of the the door”. After that the corpse became small and was able to get out the door easily. Once again the corpse refused to get out of the entrance of the gate of the house by swelling big. again. Ngambawm said “Darling, make yourself small again one more and get out of the entrance gate of the house.” After that the corpse was easily taken out of the entrance gate.After Khupching was buried Ngambawm returned to his house filled with tears.

"(a) Atui in hal e, têu a tui in hal ,hal jou nailou zawlching ngâi ing e. "
(b) Atui suh inlu ong damdiel in luong e, Ching aw vâi bang na thâm na hie?
[The waterfall was between us but it could not separate us I love Chingkhup more and more. The water flows gently but you died in this flowing water.]

One day Ngambawm planted a cockscomb flower on the tomb of Khupching. He saw a wild cat coming to pluck the flowers and he caught it by chance.When he asked the wild cat as to why it plucked the flowers every night it told him that it was sent by Khupching. Ngambawm then requested the wildcat to take him to Khupching but the wildcat replied that he (Ngambawm) will not be able to reach the village (it was the land or village of the dead) as the path was dangerous and treacherous. But Ngambawm still followed the wildcat through the harsh path and he finally arrived at the village where Khupching lives. On seeing her his joy knew no bounds. He and Khupching lived together in the house. One day the villagers went for fishing expedition She sent him also to join the villagers and she gave him the bamboo basket for collecting fishes.

One day Khupching said to Ngambawm, “ Please go back to your village,as soon as you reach your home kill one pig and eat its meat. After that hang a spear above your bed, and let free all the chicken from their roosts. Then, lie down on your bed facing the roof of your house whre you hanged the spear”. As advised by her he returned to his village soon and he did whatever things to be done as told by Khupching.As he lay on his bed the spear was made to fall on his chest by Khupching spirit's and he was killed instantly. After his death his spirit went the village of Khupching. He reached her house and they both met each other happily ever after.


Elizabeth Brackett

Elizabeth Brackett (December 11, 1941 – June 17, 2018) was an American journalist and political figure and writer. She was known for hosting WTTW-TV's "Chicago Tonight" program and also worked as a correspondent for PBS' "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer". 

In 1988, Brackett was awarded a Peabody Award for her coverage of the 1988 U.S. presidential election.

Brackett was born in Illinois. She studied at Indiana University. Brackett was injured in a serious accident while biking on the Lakefront Trail on June 13, 2018. She suffered from a fractured vertebrae, fell into a coma and died four days after the accident at a Chicago hospital, aged 76.

Chicago Lakefront Trail

The Chicago Lakefront Trail (abbreviated as LFT) is a shared use path for walking jogging and cycling. It is located along the western shore of Lake Michigan in Chicago, Illinois. The trail passes through and connects Chicago's four major lakefront parks along with various beaches and recreational amenities. It also serves as a route for bicycle commuters.

From north to south, it runs through Lincoln Park, Grant Park, Burnham Park, and Jackson Park.


Burnham Park (Chicago)

]
Burnham Park is a public park located in Chicago, Illinois. It is located along of Lake Michigan shoreline, the park connects Grant Park at 14th Street to Jackson Park at 56th Street. The of parkland is owned and managed by Chicago Park District. It was named for urban planner and architect Daniel Burnham in 1927.

Norodom Ranariddh

Norodom Ranariddh (; 2 January 1944 – 28 November 2021) was a Cambodian royal politician and law academic. He is the second son of Norodom Sihanouk of Cambodia and a half-brother of Norodom Sihamoni.

Ranariddh is the president of FUNCINPEC, a Cambodian royalist party. He was also the First Prime Minister of Cambodia following the restoration of the monarchy, serving between 1993 and 1997, and subsequently as the President of the National Assembly between 1998 and 2006.

On 17 June 2018, Ranariddh and his wife, Ouk Phalla, were both seriously injured in a car accident en route to Sihanoukville Province. Ouk Phalla died hours later as a result of her injuries.

Ranariddh died on 28 November 2021 at a hospital in Aix-en-Provence, France at the age of 77.

Tom Skilling

Thomas Ethelbert Skilling, III (born February 20, 1952), known on-air as Tom Skilling, is an American television meteorologist. He was born in Aurora, Illinois, but works in Chicago, Illinois. He is chief meteorologist for the weekday on WGN-TV (channel 9). He is the highest paid local broadcast meteorologist in the United States. He also writes the daily weather column in the "Chicago Tribune".


WGN-TV

WGN-TV is an cw television station licensed to Chicago, Illinois, United States. It serves as the flagship television property of the Tribune Broadcasting of the Tribune Media Company, which also owns radio station WGN (720 AM) and local cable news channel Chicagoland Television (CLTV).

The station's second digital subchannel serves as an owned-and-operated station of the classic TV network Antenna TV. It is broadcast through a transmitted located at the Willis Tower.

Don Sandburg

Don Sandburg (1930 – October 6, 2018) was an American television writer, actor, and producer. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. He has worked in television, most notably as producer of "The Banana Splits" for Hanna-Barbera as well as WGN-TV's "Bozo's Circus" as Sandy the Clown. In 1967, Sandburg appeared in local McDonald's ads as Ronald McDonald.

Sandburg died of complications from Alzheimer's disease in Springfield, Oregon on October 6, 2018 at the age of 87.


The Bozo Show

The Bozo Show is an American television series for children. It was a locally made program that was broadcast on WGN-TV in Chicago. "The Bozo Show" was also broadcast nationally on WGN America. The series was based on the children's record book series, "Bozo the Clown" by Capitol Records. It aired from 1960 to 2001.

The series is a local version of the internationally franchised "Bozo the Clown" format. It is also the longest-running version in the franchise. "The Bozo Show" is known as the most popular and successful locally produced children's program in the history of television. It aired under this name for 14 of its 40+ years. Other titles were Bozo, Bozo's Circus, and The Bozo Super Sunday Show.

The series starred Bob Bell as Bozo, Ned Locke as Ringmaster Ned, Ray Rayner as Oliver O. Oliver, Bob Trendler as Mr. Bob and Don Sandburg as Sandy.

Ray Rayner

Ray Rayner (born Raymond M. Rahner; July 23, 1919 – January 21, 2004) was an American television presenter based in Chicago, Illinois. He was born in New York City. He was known for working with WGN-TV and for starring in "Ray Rayner and His Friends" as Ray and in "The Bozo Show" as Oliver O. Oliver.

Rayner died on January 21, 2004, of complications from pneumonia in Fort Myers, Florida at the age of 84.


Bob Trendler

Robert Trendler (May 11, 1912 – July 18, 2011) was an American bandleader, songwriter, television actor and musical director. He worked for the WGN Orchestra from 1956 to 1975. Trendler was known in Chicago as Mr. Bob the bandleader of Bozo's Big Top Band, on "Bozo's Circus". He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Trendler died on July 18, 2011 in Ellenton, Florida of cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 99.

Ellenton, Florida

Ellenton is a census-designated place (CDP) in Manatee County, Florida, United States. The population was 4.129 at the 2020 census. Ellenton is located at (27.522666, -82.525867).

Ned Locke

Norbert "Ned" Locke (December 25, 1919 – February 4, 1992) was an American television personality and writer, radio announcer and politician. He was born in Red Wing, Minnesota. He was best known for the role of "Ringmaster Ned" on WGN-TV's "Bozo's Circus" from 1961 to 1976. He moved to Kimberling City, Missouri where he was mayor until 1992.

Locke died of liver cancer in Kimberling City on February 4, 1992 at the age of 72.

Kimberling City, Missouri

Kimberling City is a city in Stone County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,344 at the 2020 census. Some episodes of "The Beverly Hillbillies" TV series were filmed in the area.

The Beverly Hillbillies

The Beverly Hillbillies is an American sitcom originally broadcast on CBS from 1962 to 1971. The show starred Buddy Ebsen, Irene Ryan, Donna Douglas, and Max Baer Jr. as the Clampetts. It was about a poor backwoods family who move to posh Beverly Hills, California, after striking oil on their land.

"The Beverly Hillbillies" ranked among the top 20 most-watched programs on television for eight of its nine seasons, twice ranking as the number one series of the year, with a number of episodes that remain among the most-watched television episodes in history. A 1993 movie remake was made by 20th Century Fox.

Irene Ryan

Irene Ryan (born Jessie Irene Noblitt; October 17, 1902 – April 26, 1973) was an American actress and comedian. She was born in El Paso, Texas.

Ryan was known for her role as Granny, the mother-in-law of Buddy Ebsen's character, on the long-running TV series "The Beverly Hillbillies" (1962–1971). She was nominated for Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series in 1963 and 1964.

Ryan died of glioblastoma and heart disease in Santa Monica, California on April 26, 1973 at the age of 70.


Max Baer Jr.

Maximilian Adalbert Baer Jr. (born December 4, 1937) is an American actor, screenwriter, producer, and director. He is best known for playing Jethro Bodine on "The Beverly Hillbillies". He directed the 1979 comedy "Hometown U.S.A." before retiring to his home at Lake Tahoe, Nevada.

With the 2015 death of "The Beverly Hillbillies" co-star Donna Douglas, Baer is the only surviving cast member.


Bob Bell

Robert Lewis Bell (January 18, 1922 – December 8, 1997), better known as Bob Bell, was an American actor. He was famous for his role as Bozo the Clown on "The Bozo Show". He was born in Flint, Michigan, but raised in Deerfield, Illinois.

Bell died at his home in Lake San Marcos, California on December 8, 1997 from congestive heart failure, aged 75.


Lake San Marcos, California

Lake San Marcos is a census-designated place (CDP) in the North County region of the San Diego metropolitan area. It is nominally independent of San Marcos proper.

It is a resort-based community surrounding the Lake San Marcos reservoir. It is located at (33.122562, -117.209411).

Frazier Thomas

William Frazier Thomas (June 13, 1918 – April 3, 1985) was an American television personality and writer. Thomas wrote nine children's books, he was best known for creating, hosting, writing and producing the long-running children's television program "Garfield Goose and Friends" on WGN-TV.


Bill Jackson (television personality)

Bill Ray Jackson (September 15, 1935 – January 17, 2022) was an American television personality, cartoonist and educator. He was best known for having hosted the children's programs "The BJ and Dirty Dragon Show" and "Gigglesnort Hotel".

Jackson died on January 17, 2022 in Paso Robles, California from problems caused by COVID-19 at the age of 86.


Unionville, Missouri

Unionville is a city in Putnam County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,735 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Putnam County.

Unionville is located at (40.476421, -93.006005).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all of it land.

Frances Horwich

Frances Rappaport Horwich (born Frances Rappaport; 16 July 1907 – 22 July 2001) was, as Miss Frances, was an American television personality and educator. She was the host of the US children's television program, "Ding Dong School".

Horwich died of congestive heart failure on 22 July 2001 in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 94.

Ottawa, Ohio

Ottawa is a small village and county seat of Putnam County, Ohio, United States. The population was 4,456 at the 2020 census.

Fran Allison

Frances Helen Allison (November 20, 1907 – June 13, 1989) was an American television and radio personality and singer. She was best known for her starring role on the weekday NBC-TV puppet show "Kukla, Fran and Ollie," which ran from 1947–57.


Mary Hartline

Mary Pauline Hartline (October 29, 1926 – August 12, 2020) was an American model and actress. She became one of television's early stars. Hartline was born in Hillsboro, Illinois. In 1946, she was cast in ABC radio's "Teen Town" (originally, "Junior Junction") (or vice versa; references disagree).

In 1949, the ABC television network picked up the local show, "Super Circus", which was also produced by Stokes. Hartline moved to "Super Circus" where her looks and figure made her a sex symbol.

Hartline died on August 12, 2020 in Hillsboro, Illinois at the age of 93.

Burr Tillstrom

Franklin Burr Tillstrom (October 13, 1917 – December 6, 1985) was an American television personality and puppeteer. He was the creator of "Kukla, Fran and Ollie". After the original series ended in 1957, Tillstrom continued to work with the Kuklapolitans. Early in 1958, Tillstrom appeared with the puppets on Polly Bergen's short-lived NBC variety show, "The Polly Bergen Show".

In 1978 Kukla, Burr and Ollie joined the Broadway cast of "Side by Side by Sondheim", a revue of Stephen Sondheim songs.

Elaine Mulqueen

Elaine Mulqueen (January 27, 1932 – May 22, 2012) was an American children's television host and personality. She was born in Chicago. Mulqueen's career in television began in 1962, when she appeared in commercials for Coca-Cola on "Bozo's Circus".

In 1963, Elaine Mulqueen and her husband began hosting "The Mulqueens" on WGN-TV. Elaine Mulqueen appeared on stage as a pixie-like character named Pandora. In 1965, the program moved to WBKB-TV (now WLS-TV), and the show was renamed "Mulqueen's Kiddie A-Go-Go". 

On May 22, 2012, Mulqueen died from cancer of unknown primary origin in Chicago at the age of 80.

Western Sydney Airport

The Western Sydney Airport (also known as Badgerys Creek Airport) is an airport in the suburb of in Sydney, Australia. The airport is planned to be a 24 hour, curfew-free airport. It would most likely be completed in 2026. The site was officially designed by the Federal Government on 15 April 2014, after years of debate on the location for another airport within the Sydney basin.

The site is within from the Blue Mountains National Park and lies to the east to Warragamba Dam, Sydney's largest drinking water catchment.

Salvadoran Civil War

The Salvadoran Civil War was fought from 1979 to 1992 between the government of El Salvador and left-wing rebels.

Cordaitales

Cordaitales are an extinct order of woody plants. They are gymnosperms which may have been early conifers. 

They had cone-like reproductive structures rather like those of modern conifers. The Cordaitales appeared during the Carboniferous period. They made big trees which were common on drier ground in tropical environments. 

Also, some tall trees and some shrubby mangrove-like species of Cordaitales seem to have grown in the Carboniferous coal swamps. Cordaitales were also abundant during the Permian, but died out at the end of the Permian. 

Many Cordiatales had elongated strap-like leaves, which look like the leaves of some modern-day conifers of the Araucariaceae and Podocarpaceae. 

Podocarpaceae

Podocarpaceae is a large family of mainly Southern Hemisphere conifers. There are about 156 species of evergreen trees and shrubs. It has up to 19 genera. The distribution of this family suggests its early evolution took place in the ancient southern continent of Gondwana.

The family is a member of the Antarctic flora. Its main centres of diversity are in Australasia, particularly New Caledonia, Tasmania, and New Zealand. They are also in Malesia and South America (mainly in the Andes mountains).

Several genera extend north of the equator into Indochina and the Philippines. "Podocarpus" goes as far north as southern Japan and southern China in Asia, and Mexico in the Americas, and "Nageia" into southern China and southern India. Two genera also occur in sub-Saharan Africa, the widespread "Podocarpus" and the endemic "Afrocarpus".

"Parasitaxus usta" is unique as the only known parasitic gymnosperm. It occurs on New Caledonia, where it is parasitic on another member of the Podocarpaceae, "Falcatifolium taxoides".

Hillary Clinton email controversy

The Hillary Clinton email controversy refers to Hillary Clinton using US Government Confidential, Secret, Top Secret and Classified emails she kept on a third-party unsecured server. This controversy began in March 2015 during her tenure as the US Secretary of State (2009-2013). This sparked interest and momentum during Clinton's 2016 presidential election campaign for the President of the United States.


Lynden Pindling

Sir Lynden Oscar Pindling (21 March 193026 August 2000), is thought to be the founder of the nation in the Bahamas. He served various jobs that helped the nation eventually gain its independence.

Pindling was born in Nassau, Bahamas, in the British West Indies on March 21, 1929. He eventually graduated from King's College London where he earned a degree in law. He later married Marguerite McKenzie.

In 1954, Pindling helped found the Progressive Liberal Party in the Bahamas. This party was formed mainly to overthrow the white-run colonial United Bahamian Party. In 1967 he was elected Premier of the Bahamas Islands and worked to give the Bahamas independence. He became Prime Minister of an independent Bahamas in 1973 were he worked to stop heavy British influence in the country.

Pindling would continue his job as Prime Minister until 1992. Throughout his later time in term he would be accused of corruption and protecting drug dealers. In the 1980's the economy dropped heavily and many people lost faith in their prime minister. They decided to elect Hubert Ingraham to replace Pindling. Pindling eventually died August 26, 2000 due to cancer. He was 71 years old when he died.

United States Space Force

The United States Space Force (USSF) is a part of the U.S. Armed Forces. It is focused on war in space. It is the sixth branch of the U.S. military.
It is a part of the Department of the Air Force, one of the three parts of the Department of Defense. Because of this, the Space Force is led by the Secretary of the Air Force, who is under the Secretary of Defense. The leader of the Space Force is called the Chief of Space Operations. 

On June 18, 2018, President Donald Trump announced in an address to the National Space Council a directive that requests the creation of a sixth branch of the United States Armed Forces.

The president announced his intention for The Pentagon to create the 'Space Force' as an independent service branch, separate from the United States Air Force. Many US Senators stated they would rather create a Space Corps inside the Air Force. The Air Force has had a "Space Command" since September 1, 1982. 

Vice President Mike Pence in August 2018 announced a plan that would create the Space Force by 2020.

General John W. Raymond was nominated to be commander of Space Command in April 2019, and his nomination was heard in the United States Senate in June 2019. He was previously head of U.S. Air Force Space Command. Air Force Secretary Barbara Barrett approved the moving of part of the Air Force to the Space Force and making it the Space Operations Command. 

On 20 December 2019, the Space Force became the sixth armed service branch. General Raymond became the first Chief of Space Operations. This happened on 20 December 2019.

The United States Space Force Act says that it will exist to make sure that the United States can operate freely in space. It ensures that they can conduct military actions in space quickly and for a long time. 

Its duties are to protect the interests of the United States in space. It also prevents attacks on the United States in and from space, and to generally operate in space.

The Space Force is one of two equal parts of the Department of the Air Force. The other one is the United States Air Force. Both are run by the Secretary of the Air Force.

The leader of the Space Force is the Chief of Space Operations (CSO), who is a general. The Chief of Space Operations became a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in December 2020,one year after the Space Force Act was passed. 

About 16,000 Air Force members were intended to become part of the Space Force while the branch became part of the U.S. Armed Forces. It is making its own way of training members, and will create uniforms, ranks, logo, patch, awards, and an official song. This was supposed to happen within 18 months after the Space Force became independent.

Space Operations Command (SPOC), Vandenberg Air Force Base, California
 Space and Missile Systems Center (SMC), Los Angeles Air Force Base, California


Walter Bahr

Walter Alfred Bahr (April 1, 1927 – June 18, 2018) was an American professional soccer player. He was thought to be one of the greatest ever in his country. He was the long-time captain of the U.S. national team and played in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.

Bahr died on June 18, 2018, in Boalsburg, Pennsylvania, from complications related to a broken hip, aged 91.


Boalsburg, Pennsylvania

Boalsburg is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harris Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the State College, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 4,577 at the 2020 census.

Zhao Nanqi

Zhao Nanqi (; Korean: 조남기; Cho Namgi; 20 April 1927 – 17 June 2018) was a Chinese general and politician. He served in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) Jilin Military District and as Vice Governor of Jilin province. He later served in top leadership positions in the PLA as Director of the People's Liberation Army General Logistics Department (1987 to 1992), member of the Central Military Commission, and President of the PLA Academy of Military Science (1992 to 1995). 

He was promoted to the rank of general in 1988. From 1998 to 2003 he served as a Vice Chairperson of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.

Zhao Nanqi died in Beijing on 17 June 2018, at the age of 91.

Engelbert Humperdinck (singer)

Engelbert Humperdinck (born Arnold George Dorsey; 2 May 1936) is an English pop singer and pianist. His singles "Release Me" and "The Last Waltz" both were at the top of the UK music charts in 1967. It sold more than a million copies each. In North America, he also had chart successes with "After the Lovin'" (1976) and "This Moment in Time" (1979). 


Kostas Politis

Konstantinos "Kostas" Politis (; 21 March 1942 – 18 June 2018) was a Greek professional basketball player and coach. He was born in Athens. Politis played with Panathinaikos, and with them he won 3 Greek League championships, in the years 1967, 1969, and 1971. Politis also played with the senior men's Greek national basketball team.

Politis died on 18 June 2018 in Athens at the age of 76.


XXXTentacion

Jahseh Dwayne Ricardo Onfroy (January 23, 1998 – June 18, 2018), known professionally as XXXTentacion () (sometimes stylized as xxxtentacion or XXXTENTACION and referred to colloquially as X), was an American rapper, singer, and songwriter.

Born in Plantation, Florida, Onfroy spent most of his childhood in Lauderhill. His parents are Jamaican. He began writing music after being released from a juvenile detention center and released his first song on SoundCloud in June 2013, titled "News/Flock". He was a popular figure in SoundCloud rap, a trap scene that takes elements of lo-fi music and harsh 808s.

He released his first album, "17", on August 25, 2017. Onfroy's second album, "?", was released on March 16, 2018. It debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200. Its singles "Sad!", "Changes" and "Moonlight" all reached the top 20 of the "Billboard" Hot 100.

On June 18, 2018, he was shot to death at the age of 20 in his car after he was robbed at a motorcycle dealership in Deerfield Beach, Florida.

He made Members Only when he was 16 after leaving Ski Mask the Slump God's group Very Rare. Ski later joined Members Only as well.

In 2013, he recorded the song "Vice City" which was the first song he released on SoundCloud.

He was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when he was 13 and was re-diagnosed later on in his life. One of his best friends was fellow rapper Ski Mask the Slump God. He met Ski while in juvenile detention for gun possession.

In 2016, he was charged with domestic violence against his ex-girlfriend Geneva Ayala. Ayala later wanted the charges to be dropped. She did not want to testify in court and did not want Onfroy to be sent to prison. He pled not guilty and was put on house arrest. The charges were voluntarily dropped after he died.

Seven months after his death, his son, Gekyume Onfroy was born with Jenesis Sanchez on January 26, 2019.

XXXTentacion released 2 studio albums and 2 posthumous albums:

On June 18, 2018, Onfroy went to a bank to withdraw some money before heading to a motor sports dealership at Riva Motorsports. As he was leaving the store, a black SUV blocked his car from leaving the parking lot. Two men stepped out of the SUV and started fighting Onfroy. The men stole a Louis Vuitton bag from Onfroy's car. Then they shot him a few times in the neck. He was dead on arrival at hospital.

Michael Boatwright, Dedrick Williams, Robert Allen and Trayvon Newsome were arrested and charged with first-degree murder in Onfroy's killing. On August 12, 2022, Allen pled guilty of second-degree murder in exchange for testimony against the other three. Allen was sentenced to 7 years in prison with credit for time served, as well as 20 years probation when he is released. The other three were found guilty on all counts. Newsome and Williams were sentenced to life in prison without parole. Boatwright was sentenced to two life sentences without parole, one for first-degree murder and one for armed robbery, and was sentenced to another 30 years for other charges.


2003–04 Tampa Bay Lightning season

The 2003–04 Tampa Bay Lightning season was the 12th National Hockey League season in Tampa, Florida. The Lightning won their first Stanley Cup this season. 
The Lightning did not have a first-round pick. For their first pick, they chose Mike Egener in the second round, 35th over-all.

On Saturday, December 27, 2003, the Lightning scored three short-handed goals in a 4-2 win over the Boston Bruins.

The Lightning finished the regular season having tied the Detroit Red Wings for the most short-handed goals scored, with 15.

"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; A= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points"
"Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; A= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Points"
"Note: GP= Games played; W= Wins; L= Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals Against"


Bridget of Sweden

Bridget of Sweden, or Birgitta Birgersdotter (1303–1373), was a mystic and saint, and founder of the Bridgettines nuns and monks.

A few months before she was born, her mother was in a shipwreck. Many people died, but her mother was saved by the king's brother. In a dream the night after her rescue, she was told that she was saved because the child in her womb was very special, and was a gift from God. After Bridget was born, she wanted to live her life as a holy woman, but it was hard, because she was one of only two surviving children in her family. When she was 14 years old, she was forced to marry 18-year-old Ulf Gudmarsson. This was hard for her because she believed that staying a virgin would be the closest state to God. 

After Ulf died, God sent a message to tell Bridget to come to Rome. That same year, Bridget packed up her bags and headed off to Rome, never to return to her hometown again. In 1370, Pope Urban V made her religious group official. She eventually became famous for helping to restoring the papacy in Rome.


Jayda Fransen

Jayda Kaleigh Fransen is the deputy leader of Britain First, a far-right British political group in the United Kingdom. In addition to online anti-Islamic activism, she has sometimes been seen in public, carrying a white cross, in "Christian patrols" through predominantly Muslim parts of British towns.

In March 2018, Fransen was sent to jail for to 36 weeks after being found guilty of three counts of religiously aggravated harassment.

Fransen had been a part of the English Defence League, but left due to it being violent.

She was an unsuccessful candidate in the Rochester and Strood by-election, 2014, and the London Assembly election, 2016.

British fascism

British Fascism is the form of fascism promoted by parties in the United Kingdom. British fascism is based on British Nationalism. Examples of British Fascist movements are British Fascists (1923-1934) and the British Union of Fascists (1932-1940). Some recent examples are National Front (1967-present) and Britain First (2011-present). 

British Fascism is based upon Italian Fascism and British Traditions. 

British Fascism claims that both it Economic and Political agenda represent Tudor England. It claims its centralized national authoritarian state is based upon the Tudor System. 

British Fascism also claims the legacy of Oliver Cromwell.

English Political theorist Thomas Hobbes in his work Leviathan (1651) created the ideology of Absolutism which was highly influential in the fascist ideology.

British fascism claims its corporatist economic policy is based upon the medieval guild system. 

British Fascism is based upon British Nationalism.

British Fascism was Non-interventionism and argued war should only be used in defense of Britain or the British Empire. It believed the only threat to the British Empire was from the Soviet Union. 

Corporatist policies would also be spread to the empire.

British Fascism is Totalitarian. The BUF declared support for a totalitarian state with Mosley describing it as "a nation emerges organised in the divine parallel of the human body as the name implies. Every organ plays a part in relation to the whole and in harmony with the whole". 

British Fascism is against "laissez-faire and promotes a" corporatist economic system.

British Fascism supports the British Monarchy.

Government Schools Teachers Association (GSTA)

Government School Teachers Association Delhi (GSTA) is a teachers union recognized by Delhi Government which represents teachers serving under Delhi Government.

GSTA represents the teachers of Delhi since 1954 and was recognized by the Government of Delhi.

Ajay Veer Yadav is the current serving General Secretary of Government School Teachers Association (GSTA). He assumed office on 26 July 2014.

Rajbir Singh Chhikara is the incumbent Senior Vice President of GSTA.

Ajay Veer Yadav

Ajay Veer Yadav (born 20 September 1970) is the current General Secretary of Government Schools Teachers Association (GSTA). Serving as the representative of the teachers employed under Government of Delhi. He has been an active part of politics in the field of education and teachers since 1995.

Born on 20 September 1970 in a family of farmers from Uttar Pradesh. Yadav completed his schooling from Delhi. Pursued his graduation and post-graduation from then, Amravati University, Maharashtra.

Serving as the General Secretary of GSTA, Yadav has campaigned for issues related to teachers. Issues were safety and security of teachers, increase of pay, transfer policy, shortage of teachers, fresh recruitment and others.

Serving as the General Secretary of Government Schools Teachers Association in 2014 the association led a campaign for the removal of pay anomalies. Team of the association met Dr. Jitendra Singh, Union Minister of State for PMO. Ajay Veer Yadav met with Rajnath Singh and Najeeb Jung, former Lt. Governor of Delhi regarding these demands.

Sarracenia purpurea

Sarracenia purpurea is a type of carnivorous plant. It is commonly called the purple pitcher plant, northern pitcher plant, turtle socks, or side-saddle flower.

Native Americans successfully used the plant to treat smallpox. This knowledge was passed on to Westerners by the Mi'kmaq during the 19th century.

Say Something (A Great Big World song)

"Say Something" is a song recorded by American indie-pop duo A Great Big World. It is from their album "Is There Anybody Out There?" The song was re-released as a single on December 13, 2013, with added vocals from singer Christina Aguilera. It topped the charts in Australia, Belgium (Flanders), and Canada, while reaching the top ten in countries like the US, UK, and New Zealand.

The song was certified sextuple-platinum in the US for shipments and streams of six million copies there.

Alaska Standard Time

The Alaska Time Zone subtracts nine hours from UTC during standard time (UTC-9) and eight hours during daylight saving time (UTC-8).

This time zone is called Alaska Standard Time (AKST) during standard time (Winter) and Alaska Daylight Time (AKDT) during daylight saving time (Summer).

Places that are in Alaska Time Zone:

United States
Most of Alaska

France
Gambier Islands

Yvette Horner

Yvette Horner (22 September 1922 – 11 June 2018) was a French accordionist. She was known for performing with the Tour de France during the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Tarbes, France. 

The company Calor invited her to perform in the publicity caravan associated with the Tour de France. Horner's husband, the footballer René Dresch, convinced her to accept the offer, and later ended his athletic career to support Horner's performances. 

Horner died on 11 June 2018 at the age of 95.

Luis Carlos Galán

Luis Carlos Galán Sarmiento (29 September 1943 – 18 August 1989) was a Colombian liberal politician and journalist.

Luis Carlos Galán Sarmiento was born in Bucaramanga, Santander, Colombia. He ran for the Presidency of Colombia two times. Galan ran under the Liberal party in 1989 and sought the nomination for the 1990 presidential election. 

On August 18, 1989, Galán was shot five times by hitmen hired by the drug cartels of Pablo Escobar during a campaign rally in the town of Soacha, Cundinamarca. He was 45 years old.


Rodrigo Lara

Rodrigo Lara Bonilla (August 11, 1946 – April 30, 1984) was a Colombian lawyer and politician. He served as Minister of Justice under President Belisario Betancur. He was a known critic of Pablo Escobar.

Lara was killed in a drive-by-shooting in Bogota on April 30, 1984 by orders of Pablo Escobar because of his work as Minister and for prosecuting the Medellín Cartel. He was 37 years old.

Weather Center Live

Weather Center Live was a program on The Weather Channel on weekdays from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Time. It gave information about the current weather events happening in the United States. It is "The Weather Channel"'s de facto program. On November 16, 2021, the show was replaced by Storm Center.

"Weather Center Live" formally launched as "Weather Center" on March 2, 2009. It replaced the old Weather Center. Its hosts were Stephanie Abrams and Mike Bettes. Abrams and Bettes formerly hosted "Abrams & Bettes: Beyond the Forecast", which ended three days earlier. From May 5 to June 12, 2009, Mike Bettes went on the Vortex 2 project, so Adam Berg filled in for him in the studio.

On June 22, 2009, Jim Cantore and Alexandra Steele became hosts of the program, replacing Abrams & Bettes (they got a week off to get ready for their new hosts on "Your Weather Today", now "America's Morning Headquarters"). Cantore and Steele hosted from 7-10 p.m. ET under the title "Weather Center with Cantore & Steele" (just like under Your Weather Today's new name "Your Weather Today with Abrams & Bettes"). In December 2009, Kevin Robinson left The Weather Channel, and was replaced by Chris Warren. In September 2010, Crystal Egger replaced Alexandra Steele, who was later at CNN. Nicole Mitchell left the program in November, and was replaced by Kelly Cass.

Beginning in January 2011, Weather Center aired three blocks a night (7-8 p.m., 10-11 p.m., and 1-2 a.m.) and debuted on weekends on February 5, 2011. The weekday editions were hosted by Chris Warren and Crystal Egger, the weekend editions were hosted by Paul Goodloe and Kelly Cass. In March 2012, the weekday edition debuted at 4:00 p.m., moving "Day Planner" to 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. ET. The weekend edition debuted at 4 p.m. as well, canceling PM Edition. In November 2012, Weather Center Live began airing from 5-8 p.m. ET. Todd Santos left the channel in July 2013, and was replaced by Keith Carson. In September, Crystal Egger left the program (she returned on September 12 to anchor from 1-3 a.m. ET due to the flooding in Colorado, before she left the network for good). Alexandra Wilson left the afternoon 4-5 p.m. edition to replace her as a co-host with Chris Warren and Jim Cantore. However when she left no anchor was announced to join Alex Wallace.

On November 12, 2013 at 4:00 a.m. Eastern Time, The Weather Channel re-launched with new graphics. The program was extended to mornings and afternoons (4:00 to 5:30 a.m. and 11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. Eastern) and weekends from 4:30 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time, but that change meant that the show's 10:00 p.m. and 1:00 a.m. editions and weekends at 4:00 and 7:00 p.m. Eastern were replaced by long-form programming, removing nighttime forecast programs for the first time in The Weather Channel's history. In February 2014, the show was extended to 2:00-5:00 p.m. ET. In April, Dave Schwartz returned to The Weather Channel alongside Alexandra Wilson. On November 6, 2014, the show's 4:00-5:30 a.m. time slot was replaced by long-form programming (from 4-5 a.m.) and an extended "Wake Up with Al" from 5 to 5:30 a.m. ET. On November 8, 2014, the weekend 4-5 a.m. ET and noon-2 p.m. editions were also replaced by long-form programming. So as a result, "Weather Center Live" only aired from 11:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. ET weekdays and 5:00 a.m. to noon ET on weekends. In mid-November, Weather Center Live began airing at 10:00 a.m. weekdays, cancelling the rebroadcast of "Wake Up with Al".

On January 31, 2015, the 5:00-9:00 a.m. edition was replaced by "AMHQ Weekend" hosted by Reynolds Wolf and Kait Parker. On March 14, 2015, the 9:00 a.m. to noon edition was replaced by "Weekend Recharge" hosted by Maria LaRosa and Paul Goodloe. Weather Center Live became a weekday only show, airing from 10:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time. On August 24, 2015, the 6:00 to 8:00 p.m. edition was replaced by "Weather Underground", hosted by Mike Bettes and Alex Wilson. On June 4, 2018, Weather Center Live was shortened by an hour, ending at 5 p.m. ET.

In December 2018, Weather Center Live began being known as "The Weather Channel LIVE" only on electronic program guides.

Ivan Drach

Ivan Fedorovych Drach (, 17 October 1936 – 19 June 2018) was a Ukrainian poet, screenwriter, literary critic, politician, and political activist. He was born in Kyiv Oblast. In the spring of 1990, Drach was elected to the Verkhovna Rada from Artemivsk (№ 259) constituency. 

Drach took part in literary evenings where innovative poems were read. He made his debut in 1961, when his poem-tragedy "Knife in the Sun" was published in the Kyiv literary newspaper. Drach worked in the newspapers "Literary Ukraine" and "Fatherland".

Drach played an important role in the founding of Rukh – the People's Movement of Ukraine – and led the organisation from 1989 to 1992.

Drach died 19 June 2018 in Kyiv from a heart attack at the age of 81.

Bucky Pizzarelli

John Paul "Bucky" Pizzarelli (January 9, 1926 – April 1, 2020) was an American jazz guitarist. He was born in Paterson, New Jersey. He worked for NBC as a staffman for Dick Cavett (1971) and ABC with Bobby Rosengarden in (1952). He also worked for Benny Goodman, Joe Negri, Les Paul, and Stéphane Grappelli. In 2011, he was honored in the New Jersey Hall of Fame.

Pizzarelli died on April 1, 2020 in Saddle River, New Jersey of COVID-19 at the age of 94.


Pillowtalk

"Pillowtalk" is a song recorded by English singer Zayn Malik. It is his first single since leaving the boy band One Direction. The song is a ballad about sex. It entered at the top of the charts in the UK, US, Ireland, Australia, and Canada.

The music video features model Gigi Hadid as Malik's love interest.

"Pillowtalk" was certified triple-platinum in the US for shipments of over three million copies in that country.

Ernesto Samper

Ernesto Samper Pizano (born 3 August 1950) is a Colombian politician. He served as the 29th President of Colombia from 1994 to 1998, representing the Liberal Party.


Álvaro Uribe

Álvaro Uribe Vélez (born 4 July 1952) is a Colombian politician. He served as the 31st President of Colombia from 7 August 2002 to 7 August 2010. He was named Mayor of Medellín in October 1982 by Belisario Betancur.

On 13 January 2009 the United States awarded President Uribe the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush.

In August 2010 he was appointed Vice-chairman of the UN panel investigating the Gaza flotilla raid. Uribe was critical of his successor Juan Manuel Santos's peace-talks with the FARC guerillas.

Stephanie Sigman

Stephanie Sigman (born February 28, 1987) is a Mexican-American actress.. She was born in Ciudad Obregón, Sonora, Mexico. Her first movie role was in the 2011 drama movie "Miss Bala". 

Sigman is known for her roles in "Pioneer" (2013), "Spectre" (2015), "Going Under" (2016), and "" (2017). On television, Sigman starred as Valeria Vélez in the first and second seasons of Netflix crime thriller, "Narcos" (2015).

Gabriela de la Garza

Gabriela de la Garza (born October 3, 1976), is a Mexican actress. She was born in Mexico City. She is known for her roles as Laura in the 2007 miniseries "Como ama una mujer" and as Diana Turbay in the Netflix series "Narcos".

Narcos

Narcos is an American Netflix drama-crime series created and produced by Chris Brancato, Carlo Bernard, and Doug Miro. It was first released on August 28, 2015.

Seasons one and two are based on the story of Pablo Escobar, who became a billionaire through the production and selling of cocaine. Season three picks up after the fall of Escobar and continues to follow the DEA as they go up against the rise of the infamous Cali Cartel.

The series stars Wagner Moura as Escobar alongside Pedro Pascal, Boyd Holbrook, Luis Guzmán, Stephanie Sigman, Paulina Gaitán, Gabriela de la Garza and Raúl Méndez as President César Gaviria with Patrick St. Esprit as Major Lou Wysession.

Wagner Moura

Wagner Maniçoba de Moura (; born 27 June 1976) is a Brazilian actor. He is known for his roles as Spider in the science fiction movie "Elysium" (2013) and the lead role of Pablo Escobar in the Netflix series "Narcos" from 2015 to 2016, for which he received a Golden Globe nomination.

2019 FIFA Women's World Cup

The 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup was the eighth FIFA Women's World Cup. It was hosted by France and ran from 7 June to 7 July 2019. France won the right to host the event in March 2015; the first time the country hosted the tournament, and the third time in Europe. Matches are planned for nine cities across France. The format of the tournament is 24 competing teams, including the host nation. The defending champions are the United States. Chile made its first appearance at this FIFA Women's World Cup edition, and Italy took part in the event for the first time since 1999.

The match schedule for the tournament was released on 8 February 2018.

All times are local, CEST ().

The four best third-placed teams from the six groups go to the knockout stage along with the six group winners and six runners-up.
In the knockout stage, if a match is level at the end of 90 minutes of normal playing time, extra time is played (two periods of 15 minutes each), where each team is allowed to make a fourth substitution. If the score is still level after extra time, the winners are determined by a penalty shoot-out.


Gabriel Braga Nunes

Gabriel Braga Nunes (born February 7, 1972) is a Brazilian actor. He is best known for his work in telenovelas "Essas Mulheres", "Cidadão Brasileiro", "Caminhos do Coração" and "Poder Paralelo". He played a main role in "Insensato Coração" for Rede Globo.

Amador City, California

Amador City (formerly, Amadore's Creek and South Amador) is a city in Amador County, California, United States. At the 2020 census, 200 people lived there. It has the least people of any city in California.

It is found at .


Jackson, California

Jackson (formerly, Botilleas, Botilleas Spring, Bottileas, Bottle Spring, and Botellas) is the county seat of Amador County in the U.S. state of California. The population was 5,019 at the 2020 census. The city is connected to State Route 49 and State Route 88.


Flawil

Flawil is a municipality of the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland. About 10,000 people live there.

It is the regional centre of Untertoggenburg, but is part of the Wil electoral district.


Herrenberg

Herrenberg is a town in the middle of Baden-Württemberg. It is about south of Stuttgart and from Tübingen. After Sindelfingen, Böblingen, and Leonberg, it is the fourth largest town in the district of Böblingen.

Ian Kinsler

Ian Michael Kinsler (born June 22, 1982) is a second baseman for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball. He started playing in the major leagues in 2006 with the Texas Rangers, and he stayed with Texas through the 2013 season. Kinsler played for the Detroit Tigers from 2014–2017. He has been an All-Star five times and he won a Gold Glove Award in 2016.

Mike Trout

Michael Nelson Trout (born August 7, 1991) is a center fielder for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball. He has played for the Angels since he joined the major leagues in 2011. He was the Rookie of the Year in 2012, and the Most Valuable Player in the American League in 2014, 2016 and 2019. Trout has been an All-Star six times.

Peter Dragone

Peter B. Dragone is an American entrepreneur based in Greater Boston. Peter is well-known for founding Keurig, Inc., a commercial beverage brewing company.
In November 1998, he was granted two patents for "Beverage filter cartridge", along with John E. Sylvan.

Peter, obtained a BA from Colby College and an MA from Middlebury College. He also attended at Harvard Business School and received an MBA degree in 1985. 1992, Peter co-founded Keurig, Inc., a beverage brewing system for home and commercial use. Peter and Sylvan developed a new kind of coffee maker for the company, which was well-received by customers. According to "Boston.com", "one out of every four home coffee makers sold in the United States was a Keurig". In 1997, Peter left the company and decided to keep his stakes. In 2014, Keurig, Inc. was acquired by "JAB Holding Company" for nearly $14 billion.



Boyd Holbrook

Robert Boyd Holbrook (born September 1, 1981) is an American actor and fashion model. He is known for his roles in "Milk", "Out of the Furnace", "Run All Night", "A Walk Among the Tombstones", and "Gone Girl", and starred as DEA Agent Steve Murphy in Netflix series "Narcos".

Igor Muradyan

Igor Muradyan (, April 29, 1957 – June 17, 2018) was an Armenian political activist. He was one of the earliest leaders of the Karabakh movement, along with 
Zori Balayan, Silva Kaputikyan and Viktor Hambardzumyan.

Muradyan died in Yerevan, Armenia on June 17, 2018 at the age of 61.

Nathan Shaham

Nathan Shaham (Hebrew: נתן שחם; born 1925 – June 18, 2018) was an Israeli writer. In 2012, he was awarded the Israeli Prize. Shaham was editor-in-chief of Sifriat Poalim Publishing House. He was Israel's cultural attaché in the United States from 1977–80, and a former vice-chairman of the Israel Broadcasting Authority.

His best known novel was "Tabula Rasa" (2010).

Shaham died in his home in Beit Alfa on June 18, 2018 from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 93.


Stanley Cavell

Stanley Louis Cavell (; September 1, 1926 – June 19, 2018) was an American philosopher. He was the Walter M. Cabot Professor of Aesthetics and the General Theory of Value, Emeritus, at Harvard University. He worked in the fields of ethics, aesthetics, and ordinary language philosophy. 

His influential works were on Wittgenstein, Austin, Emerson, Thoreau, and Heidegger. His work is seen and known by its conversational tone and many literary references.

Cavell died in Boston, Massachusetts of heart failure on June 19, 2018 at the age of 91.


Roger Sessions

Roger Huntington Sessions (December 28, 1896March 16, 1985) was an American composer, teacher, and writer on music. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Harvard University, Yale University and at Smith College. He won two Pulitzer Prizes in 1974 and in 1982.

Sessions taught at Princeton University (from 1936), moved to the University of California, Berkeley, where he taught from 1945 to 1953, and then returned to Princeton until retiring in 1965. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1961. 

Sessions was appointed Bloch Professor at Berkeley (1966–67), and gave the Charles Eliot Norton Lectures at Harvard University in 1968–69. He continued to teach on a part-time basis at the Juilliard School from 1966 until 1983.

Sessions died at the age of 88 in Princeton, New Jersey on March 16, 1985.


Juilliard School

The Juilliard School (), informally called Juilliard it is located in the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, New York City. It is a performing arts conservatory established in 1905.

The school trains about 850 undergraduate and graduate students in dance, drama, and music. It is thought to be as one of the world's leading music and dance schools, with some of the best arts programs.

In 2016, Juilliard was ranked as the world's best institution for Performing Arts in their inaugural global ranking of the discipline.

J. L. Austin

John Langshaw "J. L." Austin (26 March 1911 – 8 February 1960) was a British philosopher of language. He was born in Lancaster, Lancashire. He supported ordinary language philosophy. He developed the theory of speech acts. He worked at Oxford University.

He was awarded Order of the British Empire for his services during World War II.

Austin died of lung cancer in Oxford on 8 February 1960 at the age of 48.

Luis Guzmán

Luis Guzmán (born August 28, 1956) is a Puerto Rican actor.

He starred in Steven Soderbergh's movies, "Out of Sight", "The Limey" and "Traffic". He also starred in Paul Thomas Anderson's movies, "Boogie Nights", "Magnolia" and "Punch-Drunk Love". He starred in the HBO original series "How to Make It in America" and the Netflix series "Narcos".

Sutton, Vermont

Sutton is a town in Caledonia County, Vermont, United States. The population was 913 at the 2020 census.

Paulina Gaitán

Paulina Gaitán Ruíz (born February 19, 1992) is a Mexican actress. She is known for her roles in the Netflix original series "Narcos" as Tata, the wife of narcotrafficante Pablo Escobar and as Violetta, the female lead in the 2018 Amazon Prime Original Series "Diablo Guardián".

Necar Zadegan

Necar Zadegan () (born June 20, 1982) is a German born American actress. She was born in Heidelberg, Germany, but was raised in San Francisco, California. She is best known for her role as First Lady (and then President) Dalia Hassan on "24" and Delia Banai on "Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce".

Raúl Méndez

Raúl Méndez Martínez (born April 11, 1975) is a Mexican actor. He was born in Laguna, Torreón, Coahuila, Mexico. He is known for his roles in "El Sexo Débil", "El Señor de los Cielos" and as Colombian President César Gaviria in the Netflix series "Narcos".

Patrick St. Esprit

Patrick St. Esprit (born May 18, 1954) is an American character actor. He was born in California. He is best known as Romulus Thread in "", Elliot Oswald in "Sons of Anarchy", Secretary Alexander Haig in "Killing Reagan" and as Major Lou Wysession in the Netflix series "Narcos".

Dante Caputo

Dante Mauricio Caputo (25 November 1943 – 20 June 2018) was an Argentine academic and politician. He was born in Buenos Aires. He served as Minister of Foreign Relations under President Raúl Alfonsín from 1983 to 1989. Caputo served as President of the United Nations General Assembly from 1988 to 1989.

Caputo died of pancreatic cancer in Buenos Aires on 20 June 2018, aged 74.


Rudy Insanally

Samuel Rudolph "Rudy" Insanally (23 January 1936 – November 2023) was a Guyanese diplomat. He served as Guyana's Permanent Representative to the United Nations, starting in 1987 and was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Guyana from 2001 to 2008.

Insanally died in November 2023 at the age of 87.

Didier Opertti

Didier Opertti Badán (born 23 April 1937) is a Uruguayan political figure and lawyer. Opertti served as the interior minister of Uruguay from 1995 to 1998 in the government of Julio María Sanguinetti. He also served as foreign minister under both Presidents Sanguinetti and Jorge Batlle from 1998 until March 1, 2005.

He served as the President of the United Nations General Assembly from 1998 to 1999.


Princess Elisabeth of Denmark

Princess Elisabeth of Denmark, RE (born "Elisabeth Caroline-Mathilde Alexandrine Helena Olga Thyra Feodora Estrid Margrethe Désirée"; 8 May 1935 – 19 June 2018) was a Danish princess. She was born in Copenhagen. She was the daughter of Hereditary Prince Knud and Hereditary Princess Caroline-Mathilde of Denmark.

Princess Elisabeth was a first cousin of the present Danish monarch, Queen Margrethe II. She belonged to the House of Glücksburg.

Princess Elisabeth died on 19 June 2018 in Copenhagen at the age of 82.




Frederik X

Frederik X (Frederik André Henrik Christian; born 26 May 1968) is King of Denmark. He succeded to the throne as King Frederick X on 14 January 2024, the 52nd anniversary of his mother Queen Margrethe II taking over the throne.

Frederik was born by emergency Cesarean section at Rigshospitalet in Copenhagen, He is the elder son of Queen Margrethe II and the late Henrik, Prince Consort. He has one brother, Prince Joachim of Denmark

The Crown Prince was married to Mary Donaldson in 2004. They have four children: Prince Christian, Princess Isabella, and twins Prince Vincent and Princess Josephine. All four children were born at Rigshospitalet.


His official title in Danish is "Hans Kongelige Højhed Kronprins Frederik til Danmark, Greve af Monpezat" (His Royal Highness Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark, Count of Monpezat).

National Honor

-Sovereign of the Order of the Elephant (14 January 2024-present)

-14 January 1972-14 January 2024: Knight of the Order of the Elephant (R.E.)

-Grand Master of the Order of the Dannebrog (14 January 2024-present)

-1 January 2004-14 January 2024: Grand Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog (S.Kmd)

Medals and Decorations 

-Recipient of the Cross of Honor of the Order of the Dannebrog (D.Ht.)

-Recipient of the Royal Medal of Recompense, 1st Class 

-Recipient of the Naval Long Service Medal 

-Recipient of the Home Guard Medal of Merit 

-Recipient of the Medal of Honor of the Reserve Officers League 

-Recipient of the Military Athletic Medal of Honor 

-Recipient of the 50th Anniversary Medal of the arrival of Queen Ingrid of Denmark 

-Recipient of the 50th Birthday Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

-Recipient of the Silver Anniversary Medal of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik 

-Recipient of the Silver Jubilee Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

-Recipient of the 100th Anniversary Medal of the Birth of King Frederik IX 

-Recipient of the Queen Ingrid Commemorative Medal 

-Recipient of the 75th Birthday Medal of Prince Henrik 

-Recipient of the 350th Anniversary Medal of the Royal Danish Life Guards 

-Recipient of the 70th Birthday Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

-Recipient of the Ruby Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

-Recipient of the 400th Anniversary Medal of the Guard Hussar Regiment 

-Recipient of the 75th Birthday Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

-Recipient of the Golden Anniversary Medal of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik 

-Recipient of the Prince Henrik's Commemorative Medal 

-Recipient of the 80th Birthday Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

-Recipient of the Golden Jubilee Medal of Queen Margrethe II 

Greenland: Recipient of the Nersornatt Medal of Meritorious Service,1st Class 

Foreign Honors 

-Belgium: Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold 

-Brazil: Grand Cross of the Order of the Southern Cross, Grand Cross of the Order of Rio Branco 

-Bulgaria: Member 1st Class of the Order of the Balkan Mountains 

-Chile: Grand Cross of the Order of Merit 

-Estonia: Member 1st Class of the Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana 

-Finland: Grand Cross of the Order of the White Rose of Finland 

-France: Grand Cross of the Order of National Merit 

-Germany: Grand Cross 1st Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany 

-Greece: Grand Cross of the Order of Honor 

-Iceland: Grand Cross of the Order of the Falcon 

-Italy: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic 

-Japan: Grand Cordon of the Supreme Order of the Chrysanthemum 

-Jordan: Grand Cordon of the Supreme Order of the Renaissance 

-Latvia: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Three Stars 

-Luxembourg: Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

-Kingdom of Nepal: Member of the Royal Order of Ojaswi Rajanya 

-Mexico: Sash of Special Category of the Order of the Aztec Eagle 

-Netherlands: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion, Recipient of the King Willem-Alexander Inauguration Medal 

-Norway: Grand Cross of the Order of Saint Olav 

-Romania: Grand Cross of the Order of the Star of Romania 

-Spain: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic 

-Sweden: Knight of the Royal Order of the Seraphim, Recipient of the 70th Birthday Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf, Recipient of the Golden Jubilee Badge Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf 

-Thailand: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Chula Chom Klao 


Hubert Green

Hubert Myatt Green (December 28, 1946 – June 19, 2018) was an American professional golfer. He was born in Birmingham, Alabama. He won 29 professional golf tournaments, including two major championships: the 1977 U.S. Open and the 1985 PGA Championship. He was added into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 2007.

Green died on June 19, 2018 from throat cancer in Florida, aged 71.


Sándor Kányádi

Sándor Kányádi (; May 10, 1929 – June 20, 2018) was an Romanian-born Hungarian poet and translator. He was born in Porumbeni, Romania. He was a major contributor to Hungarian children's literature. His works have been translated into many languages ranging from English to French. His best known poem was "In Contemporary Tense". Kányádi was awarded the Kossuth Prize and the Herder Prize.

Kányádi died in Budapest on June 20, 2018 from respiratory tract infection at the age of 89.


Abby Lee Miller

Abigale "Abby" Lee Miller (born September 21, 1965) is an American dance instructor, television personality and choreographer. She is the host of the TV show "Dance Moms".

Miller is the director and owner of Reign Dance Productions. She was also the founder of the Abby Lee Dance Company and appeared on the reality television series "Dance Moms" for seven seasons.

In December 2010, Miller filed for bankruptcy and owed more than $400,000 in taxes. In June 2016, she pleaded guilty to felony bankruptcy fraud and was sentenced in May 2017 to one year and a day in federal prison.

She was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. In April 2018, she was diagnosed with lymphoma, a type of cancer.

Koko (gorilla)

Hanabiko "Koko" (July 4, 1971 – June 19, 2018) was a female Western lowland gorilla, cared for by Penny Paterson. She was known for having learned a large number of hand signs from a modified version of American Sign Language (ASL). Koko was able to understand more than 1,000 signs of what Patterson calls "Gorilla Sign Language" (GSL). 

Koko was born at the San Francisco Zoo and lived most of her life in Woodside, California. Koko gained public attention upon initial reportage of her adopting a kitten as a pet.

Koko was also known for meeting many celebrities such as Robin Williams and Mr. Rogers.

Koko died on June 19, 2018 in Woodside, California at the age of 46.

Western lowland gorilla

The western lowland gorilla ("Gorilla gorilla gorilla") is one of two subspecies of the western gorilla ("Gorilla gorilla") that lives in rain forests in Central Africa in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.

Western lowland gorillas are intelligent, and understand simple sign language. Koko was a famous western lowland gorilla who communicated in sign language.

The western lowland gorilla is the only subspecies kept in zoos, except for one female Eastern lowland gorilla named Amahoro who lives at the Antwerp Zoo and a few Mountain gorillas in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Western gorilla

The western gorilla ("Gorilla gorilla") is a great ape, closely related to chimpanzees, orangutans and humans. They are the type species as well as the most populous species of the genus "Gorilla". Nearly all of the individuals of this taxon belong to the western lowland gorilla subspecies. The other subspecies are the Cross River gorilla.

Western lowland gorillas are generally lighter colored than eastern gorillas. Western lowland gorillas have black, dark grey or dark brown-grey hair with a brownish forehead. Measurements of wild individuals show that mature males average in height.

Cross River gorilla

The Cross River gorilla ("Gorilla gorilla diehli") is a subspecies of the western gorilla ("Gorilla gorilla").

The Cross River gorilla was first described as a new species of Western gorilla by Paul Matschie, a mammalian taxonomist, in 1904.

According a study published by the American Museum of Natural History, the Cross River gorilla has been described as having smaller dentitions, smaller palates, smaller cranial vaults, and shorter skulls than other western gorillas.

Eastern gorilla

The eastern gorilla ("Gorilla beringei") is a critically endangered species of the genus "Gorilla" and the largest living primate. The species is subdivided into two subspecies. Grauer's gorilla, formerly known as the eastern lowland gorilla ("G. b. graueri") is more populous, at about 3,800. The mountain gorilla ("G. b. beringei") has only about 880. Illegal hunting of these gorillas are the reason why they may go extinct.

Eastern lowland gorilla

The eastern lowland gorilla or Grauer's gorilla ("Gorilla beringei graueri") is a subspecies of eastern gorilla. It is native to the mountainous forests of eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. 

It is the largest of the four gorilla subspecies. It has jet black coats like the mountain gorilla ("Gorilla beringei beringei"), although the hair is shorter on the head and body. The male's coat, like that of other gorillas, greys as the animal matures, resulting in the designation "silverback".

Scott Dozier

Scott Raymond Dozier (November 20, 1970 – January 5, 2019) was an American convicted murderer. He was born in Boulder City, Nevada.

He was arrested for the 2002 murder of 22-year-old Jeremiah Miller, who was one of Dozier's drug associates. On April 18, 2002, Miller met Dozier on the Las Vegas Strip. Dozier had promised to help Miller buy ephedrine. Miller had brought $12,000 in cash for that express purpose. Upon Miller's arrival at La Concha, Dozier killed him (likely by shooting), sawed Miller's body into multiple pieces, stuffed most of them into a suitcase, and disposed of it near an apartment complex in western Vegas. 

Dozier was also connected to the July 27, 2001, murder of Jasen Green in Arizona, whose remains were found in a plastic container in the desert north of Phoenix.

On June 19, 2018, a judge signed a new death warrant for Dozier, allowing his execution to take place in July 2018.

Dozier died on January 5, 2019 at prison in Ely, Nevada after having committed suicide by hanging himself in his prison cell, aged 48.

Juan Segundo

Juan Ramon Segundo Meza (born January 25, 1963) is an American serial killer and rapist. He was sentenced to death for the 1986 murder of Vanessa Villa, 11, in Fort Worth, Texas. 

He was also linked to three other murders committed between September 1994 and June 1995 by DNA, all in the Fort Worth area. Segundo was arrested in 2005 after he was matched to DNA samples from three cold cases, including Vanessa's, and was sentenced to death in 2007.

Segundo is scheduled to be executed in October 2018 by lethal injection.

Shawn Grate

Shawn Michael Grate (born August 8, 1976) is an American convicted serial killer. He was born in Marion, Ohio. He was found guilty on May 7th, 2018 of all charges in Ashland County, Ohio. He killed a total of five people after raping them. 

On May 7, 2018, Grate was found guilty of murdering Stacey Stanley and Elizabeth Griffith. On June 1, Grate was sentenced to death.

Marion, Ohio

Marion is a city in and the county seat of Marion County, Ohio, United States. The city is located in north-central Ohio, about north of Columbus. The population was 35,999 at the 2020 census.

President Warren G. Harding was a resident of Marion for much of his adult life.

Unity (game engine)

Unity is a type of game engine that was developed by a video game development company called Unity Technologies. The Unity engine allows developers to make both 2D and 3D games.  It currently supports the C# programming language, which you can use in a visual, or text format. It supports Direct3D, OpenGL, OpenGL ES, Metal, Vulkan, and proprietary API. Since 2016, Unity offers services on the cloud.

Unity is supported on Windows and macOS, as well as 27 more platforms. In 2016 Unity changed from one time purchase into a subscription model. There currently exist one free and three paid licensing options: Personal (Free), Plus, Pro, Enterprise.

Unity has a robust collection of official tutorials to help familiarize new developers with the engine. Additionally, it has thorough documentation that they update to be accurate with each new Unity release. The tutorials and documentation make use of pre-built assets that are available in the default Unity program. Developers can use these instead of being forced to write all of their code from scratch.

Somerville, Massachusetts

Somerville ( ) is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. It is directly to the northwest of Boston.

As of 2020, the United States Census lists the city with a total population of 81,045 people, making it the most densely populated municipality in New England. As of 2020, it was the 19th most densely populated incorporated municipality in the country. It was founded in 1842, when it was separated from Charlestown.

Cartoonist Paul Ryan and football player Howie Long were born here.


Papal States

The Papal States, officially the State of the Church (, ; ; also ""), were a series of territories in the Italian Peninsula under the direct sovereign rule of the Pope, from the 8th century until 1870.

By 1861, much of the Papal States' territory had been conquered by the Kingdom of Italy. In 1870, the Pope lost Lazio and Rome and had no physical territory at all, except the Vatican.



Munich, North Dakota

Munich is a city in Cavalier County in the state of North Dakota, United States. The population was 190 at the 2020 census.

It was founded in 1904 and is named after the German city of Munich.

Constitution Party (United States)

The Constitution Party, previously known as the U.S. Taxpayers' Party, is a national political party in the United States. It promotes American nationalism, paleoconservatism, Christian values, the anti-abortion movement, and greater attention to the U.S. Constitution. It has around 100,000 members.

Willem Janszoon

Willem Janszoon Blaeu (; ), sometimes abbreviated to Willem Jansz, was a Dutch navigator and colonial governor. Willem was one of the first people to find Australia before Captain James Cook found it.

Princess Eugenie

Princess Eugenie, Mrs Jack Brooksbank (Eugenie Victoria Helena; born 23 March 1990), is a member of the British royal family. She is the younger daughter of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and Sarah, Duchess of York. She is a granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II. Since July 2021, Eugenie has been eleventh in the line of succession to the British throne.

Princess Eugenie was born at Portland Hospital in London, She is second child of Prince Andrew, Duke of York and Sarah, Duchess of York, She has one sister Princess Beatrice, She baptised at St Mary Magdalene Church, Sandringham 

Princess Eugenie married Jack Brooksbank on 12 October 2018 at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, First child August Brooksbank was born in 9 February 2021 at Portland Hospital. She gave birth to a second son, Ernest George Ronnie Brooksbank, on 30 May 2023 at Portland Maternity Hospital in Westminster 

Title

23 March 1990-12 October 2018 Her Royal Highness Princess Eugenie of York

12 October 2018: Her Royal Highness Princess Eugenie; Mrs. Jack Brooksbank 

Small intestine cancer

In oncology, small intestine cancer, also small bowel cancer and cancer of the small bowel, is a cancer of the small intestine. It is rare compared to other gastrointestinal cancers such as stomach cancer and colorectal cancer.

Small intestine cancer can be subdivided into duodenal cancer (the first part of the small intestine) and cancer of the jejunum and ileum (the later two parts of the small intestine). 

Duodenal cancer has more in common with stomach cancer, while cancer of the jejunum and ileum have more in common with colorectal cancer. The Five year survival rates are 65%.

Armando Merodio

Armando Merodio Pesquera (23 August 1935 – 21 June 2018) was a Spanish retired footballer. He was born in Barcelona. He played as a striker. He was known for playing with Athletic Bilbao from 1958 to 1963.

Merodio died on 21 June 2018 from congestive heart failure in Barcelona, aged 82.

Édouard-Jean Empain

Édouard-Jean, 3rd Baron Empain (7 October 1937 – 21 June 2018) 
was a French-Belgian industrialist. He was best known by the general public for his kidnapping in 1978.

Between 1969 and 1981, Baron Empain was CEO of the Schneider group (Schneider-Empain).

On 23 January 1978, Baron Empain, was picked up as usual from his home. The car was later blocked and several armed men removed the driver from the vehicle and bundled him into the van, while the Baron was quickly handcuffed and the kidnappers made off in his car. He would be released two months later to police officials in March. The kidnappers were arrested.

Baron Empain died in Paris on 21 June 2018 from thyroid cancer, aged 80.

Peter Hardeman Burnett

Peter Hardeman Burnett (November 15, 1807 – May 17, 1895) was an American politician. He was the first Governor of California, Burnett was also a white supremacist. He tried to ban black people from California and supported genocide of the state's indigenous peoples. He was Governor from December 20, 1849 to January 9, 1851. He was also the first California Governor to resign.


Bill Speakman

William Speakman-Pitt, VC (21 September 1927 – 20 June 2018), known as Bill Speakman, was a British Army soldier and a recipient of the Victoria Cross. He was the first person to receive an honor from Queen Elizabeth II.

Speakman died on 20 June 2018, aged 90.

Ernie Hunt

Roger Patrick "Ernie" Hunt (17 March 1943 – 20 June 2018) was an English footballer. He played in the Football League for Swindon Town, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Everton, Coventry City, Doncaster Rovers and Bristol City, and for the Los Angeles Wolves in the United Soccer Association. 

At international level, he was capped three times for the England under-23 team.

Hunt died in Gloucestershire on 20 June 2018 of complications from Alzheimer's disease, aged 75.


Paul John Marx

Bishop Paul John Marx, M.S.C. (12 March 1935 – 19 June 2018) was a French-born Papua New Guinean Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Mutzig, France. He was the bishop of Kerema, Papua New Guinea from 6 December 1988 until 13 March 2010.

He was ordained by Archbishop Peter Kurongku as Priest Priest of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart of Jesus. He was appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Kerema on 13 December 1985 and as Bishop of Kerema on 6 December 1988.

Marx died in Kerema on 19 June 2018 of cardiomyopathy at the age of 83.


Jack Laxer

Jack Laxer (1927– June 12, 2018) was an American photographer. He was best known for his work in stereoscopy. His photographs of California modern architecture have been published in magazines and books, displayed in museums. 

Beginning in 1951 he documented the designs of Louis Armet and Eldon Davis including Norms, Pann’s, and the Holiday Bowl. These images were included in Alan Hess’s book "Googie: Fifties Coffee Shop Architecture", setting off a revival of interest in the style beginning in the 1980s.

Laxer died on June 12, 2018 in Culver City, California from pneumonia at the age of 91.

Theodore J. Sophocleus

Theodore Jameson Sophocleus (May 28, 1939 – June 8, 2018) was an American politician. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a pharmacist and a drug store chain executive. Sophocleus served as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from 1993 to 1995 and again from 1999 until his death in 2018.

Sophocleus died of heart failure at a Baltimore hospital on June 8, 2018 at the age of 79.

Jan-Ove Waldner

Jan-Ove Waldner (born October 3, 1965 in Stockholm) is a male table tennis player from Sweden. He was the third man in table tennis history to become Grand-Slam champion. He played to 2012 in the German club "TTC Röhn-Sprudel Fulda Maberzell" and was the best Swedish table tennis player.

When Waldner was five years old, He startd playing table tennis. His older brother and his parents were also players. Early on, Waldner was stand on pedestals or buckets. Soon, he began to play in the Swedish club "Spåvägens BTK". Waldner was trainied by different coaches as well as his family. When he was nine years old, he won for the Swedish National Championships in his age group. Growing up, he did not only play table tennis. He also loved football and tennis. By the age of thirteen, he only played Table tennis. Waldner left school early to become a professional player. In his first year as a pro, he played his first tournament and won a automobile.

Waldner played his first international tournament at the Nordic Championships in Denmark. He played very well. He won gold in singles play and silver in doubles. At the 1982 European Championships for children and teenagers, he won silver. With this tournament, he moved from number 90 to number 22 in the junior world rankings. That same year, Waldner played at the European Championships for adults. He won silver. In 1983, he played very well. At his first World Cup, he won silver. He played in his first World Championships and placed in the top sixteen as a single player. In doubles play, he won silver. In May 1983, he wasnumber 38 in the world rankings. He kept playing well. He won a silver medal in singles and a gold medal in the mixed. Waldner did not play in the European Championships that year.

1984 began well for him. At the European Championships, he won silver in the doubles. He did not play in singles, team and mixed play because of physical problems. That year, he placed fifth at the World Cup after losing to Joo Se-hyuk. At the World Cup in 1985, Waldner lost to Norwegian Òlaf Lundquist. This caused Waldner to fall to 43rd place in the world rankings. At the World Championships (WTTC), he reached the 2nd place with the Swedish team. In singles play, he lost in the Round of 32. At the Europe-Top-12, he reached 5th place. In 1986, Waldner took part in the European Championships. He won gold in doubles and the team event. The Swedish team beat Germany in the finals. In the singles, he lost in the Round of the sixteen. In 1987, Waldner was 2ndat the Europe-Top-12 tournament. He also placed second at the World Championships. He lost a very close match in the finals (3 games to 4) to Ma Lin. Because of that strong performance, he moved from number 43 to number 22 in the world rankings. He had become the highest rated Swedish player over Jörgen Persson.

In Macau, he won bronze at the World Cup. In 1988, he won gold at the Nordic Championships. He also won the Europe-Top-12. That year, he was ranked at number 13. He also won bronze at the European Championships in singles play. In doubles, he won silver. The Swedish team won the gold. Waldner also took part in the first table tennis event in Olympic Games history. He did not win a medal for either singles, doubles or team play. In 1989, the Swedish team won gold at the World Team Table Tennis Championships. They beat China in the finals. There was no European Championships that year. At the Europe-Top- 12, he won his third gold medal. He lost in the first round of the World Cup that year. The next year, the Swedis team won the World Team Cup. Waldner also played in the World Doubles Cup but lost in the Quarterfinal. At the World Cup, he won gold. At the European Championships, he reacged tge quarter-finals in both singles and doubles. The Swedish team won gold. 1991, he won silver at the Europe-Top-12. At the WTTC, he won silver in the singles. Because of that performance, he moved to number 3 in the world rankings. At the World Cup Jan won bronze.

Warner qualificated for the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. At the games, he won gold. This was the best year in his Table tennis career. He was the third man to win the Grand Slam. To win the Grand Slam, a person has to be the winner of the World Cup, Olympic gold medal and World Championship, all at the same time. He won the World Cup (1990), the Olympic Games (1992) and the World Championships (1987, 1989). He did not win the European Championships that year. He lost in the singles against Jörgen Persson. That year he was number one in the world rankings. From 1993 t0 1996, he had many problems with his body.

At the 2000 Olympic, Games he won silver in the singles. He was the 1st player to win two single medals for table tennis at two Olympic Games. The next year, he reached the 9th-12th place at the World Cup, the WTTC and the Pro Tour Grand Finals. He won silver at the 2002 Pro Tour at the Korea Open in Pyeongchang, South Korea. That same year, he won gold with the team at European Championships. In singles play, he reached the Round of sixteen. In 2003, Waldner lost at he WTTC in the Round of 128 to South Korean Joo Se-hyuk. On the Pro Tour, he won the Swedish Open.

In 2004, Waldner took part in the Olympics for the 4th time. At the Olympics, he lost to Ma Lin in the 3rd place match. The Swedish team came to the Quarterfinals. Waldner also reached the Quarterfinal at the World Cup that year. At the WTTC, the team won bronze. He took part in his lat WTTC in 2005. In his last WTTC tournament, he reached the quarter finals in all events. At the World Tour Grand Finals of 2006, he won gold. After that, Waldner ends his international career. He played national until 2016 when he retired.

Waldner opened a reastaurant in 2004. It is named "W".


Kiminori Matsuyama

Born on November 19, 1957, Matsuyama grew up in Bunkyō-ku, Tokyo. After graduating from Seishi Elementary School, and then from , he enrolled in Science Division-I of the University of Tokyo, in 1976. Among those in his class in the Division was Makoto Gonokami (physicist and current president of the University of Tokyo). Matsuyama later switched to International Relations. Among those in his class there were Toyohisa Kozuki (current ambassador to Russia), (current ambassador to Singapore, former ambassador to the United Nations and Sweden) and former LDP Diet member . It was through his studies in international relations that he came across economics for the first time. Although he passed the advanced-level of the Japanese government in his senior year, he chose to continue his studies in economics.

After receiving his in International Relations in 1980, he enrolled in the program at the University of Tokyo’s Graduate School of Economics, where he studied with Ryūtarō Komiya, , , and Tsuneo Ishikawa, as well as, briefly, with Motoshige Itō,[4] , and Kiyohiko Nishimura.

From October 1982, he also worked as a research assistant for economist Masahiro Okuno, who was then a at the Bank of Japan’s Institute for Monetary and Economic Studies.[5]

Matsuyama enrolled in Harvard University’s doctorate program in September 1983, where he studied under Jeffrey Sachs, , and . Classmates included , Abhijit Banerjee (2019 recipient of the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences), , , and Alan Krueger. He received a PhD in economics from Harvard in 1987.

Matsuyama became an assistant professor of economics at Northwestern University in September 1987, associate professor in September 1991, and professor in September 1995. He spent 1991 at the of Stanford University as a National Fellow. He received the Nakahara Prize from the Japanese Economic Association in 1996 and became a Fellow of the Econometric Society in 1999. In addition to teaching at the University of Chicago as a visiting professor in 1993 and at MIT in 2008,[6] he has visited many universities and research institutes around the world and has been invited to deliver plenary lectures and keynote speeches at various international conferences.

In 2014, he became an international senior fellow of the Canon Institute for Global Studies,[7] and in December 2018 he was appointed chief scientific adviser of the 

Matsuyama’s main fields of research are international trade and macroeconomics.[8] His thesis for a BA in international relations at the University of Tokyo was on foreign direct investment and multinational corporations. He wrote his doctoral dissertation at Harvard University on the intertemporal approach to the current account and the game-theoretic analysis of the political economy of international monetary policy coordination and of trade and industrial policies. After joining the Northwestern faculty, he has worked extensively on such topics as international trade, , , , , and . He is, in his own words, “interested in understanding the mechanisms behind macroeconomic instability, structural transformation, as well as inequality across countries, regions, and households, and how they interact with credit market imperfections and product market innovations.”[9]



[1] Tokyo Foundation for Policy Research, https://www.tkfd.or.jp/en/experts/detail.php?id=303 

[2] Canon Institute for Global Studies, https://www.canon-igs.org/en/fellows/kiminori_matsuyama.html 

[3] Society for the Advancement of Economic Theory, https://saet.uiowa.edu/economic-theory-fellows/

[4] “Special New Year’s Colloquy: Priority Issues for Public Policy Research (Part I),” https://www.tkfd.or.jp/en/research/detail.php?id=668

[5] Institute for Monetary and Economic Studies(IMES), https://www.imes.boj.or.jp/english/index.html 

[6] http://faculty.wcas.northwestern.edu/~kmatsu/vita.pdf

[7] https://www.canon-igs.org/en/fellows/kiminori_matsuyama.html 

[8] https://www.canon-igs.org/en/fellows/kiminori_matsuyama.html 

[9] https://www.college-de-france.fr/site/en-economics-innovation-lab/Clement-Malgouyres__1.htm

Ravensburg

Ravensburg is a town in Upper Swabia in southern Germany. It is the capital of the district of Ravensburg, Baden-Württemberg.

As of 2002, it has about 48,000 people.

Ravensburg was first mentioned in 1088. In the Middle Ages, it was an Imperial Free City and an important trading centre. The "Great Ravensburg Trading Society" ("Große Ravensburger Handelsgesellschaft") owned shops and trading companies all over Europe.

The historic town centre is still very much intact, including three town gates and over 10 towers of the medieval fortification.

The town's most popular festival is the "Rutenfest" in mid year.


Hurricane Bud (2018)

Hurricane Bud was a severe Pacific hurricane in June 2018. The storm struck Baja California Peninsula and Northwestern Mexico. Bud was an unusual Category 4 hurricane when it hit Baja California Peninsula.

At her peak, Bud had winds of .

The Mighty B!

The Mighty B! is a Nickelodeon television program. It was made by Erik Wiese, Cynthia True and Amy Poehler. Poehler also voices the main character. Its first episode was broadcast on April 26, 2008. The series is about a little girl named Bessie Higgenbottom. Bessie wants to earn all of the Camp Scout "honey bee" badges. If she has all the badges, she will earn the "Mighty B" award. A second season aired on September 17, 2008. the series has two seasons and 40 episodes. 

The Higgenbottom Family


V354 Cephei

V354 Cephei is a red supergiant star that is 9,000 light years away from the Sun. It has a diameter that is between 690 and 1,520 times bigger than the Sun. This means it is among the largest known stars. It is in the constellation Cepheus.


Pollux (star)

Pollux is a red giant star. It is the brightest star in the Gemini constellation. It's diameter is . Once a type A star, Pollux has used all the hydrogen in its core and expanded to become a K-type giant star.

It is located at a distance of 34 light years, which makes it the closest giant star to the Sun. In 2006, an extrasolar planet (designated Pollux b, formally named Thestias) was confirmed to be orbiting the star at a distance of 1.64 AU in nearly a circular orbit.

Grey DeLisle

Grey DeLisle (born August 24, 1973) is an American voice actress, comedian, and singer-songwriter.

She is known for her voice roles as numerous characters of Wubbzy from Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!, Vicky from "The Fairly OddParents", Samantha "Sam" Manson from "Danny Phantom", X.Z. Needlemeyer from "The Amazing World of Gumball", Frankie Foster, Duchess and Goo from "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends", Azula from "", Queen Joseph Pintincia from "CyberAdult Girls", Ninja from "Ashi Pets", Rose and Biscuit from "Violet's Life", Mythra Lighter from "Destiny's Side", Lacey Tsuyoshi from "Acceptable Mountain", UniJet from "Curious Minds", Olivia / Mystery Puzzler from "Kingdom Gamers", Ms. Chalice from "The Cuphead Show!", Kimiko Tohomiko from "Xiaolin Showdown", and Prince Puppycorn from "Unikitty!".

She has also been the voice of Daphne Blake in the "Scooby-Doo" cartoons and direct-to-videos and other appearances since 2000 as well as Basil in "Kate's Place".

Basenji

The Basenji is a breed of dog. They are known for being one of the smartest dogs. Basenji are excellent at hunting, They are also hunting dogs which can help people find animals.

The Basenji is often said to be the "barkless" dog. They are also described as being "talking dogs", This is because they don't "bark" like other dogs. They make a unique sound which is like a yodel. They are clean dogs. Basenji are more cat-like than other dogs because of this. They spend a large amount of time cleaning themselves when they have any dirt on their coats. Like cats, Basenjis use their paws to clean themselves. This causes them to rarely have any smell about them.

Basenjis are around the size of a terrier. They have have wrinkles on their foreheads. They are wonderfully friendly by nature as well as being inquisitive and confident. A Basenji forms a very strong and close bond with a family and in particular with one person in a household.

Arthur Eddington

Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington (28 December 1882 – 22 November 1944) was an important English scientist. He was an astronomer, physicist, and mathematician in the early 20th century.

Eddington did his greatest work in astrophysics. He was also a philosopher of science and a populariser of science. The Eddington limit is named after him. It is the natural limit to the luminosity of stars, or the radiation generated by accretion onto a compact object (which is what causes the luminosity). 

Around 1920, he anticipated the discovery and mechanism of nuclear fusion in stars. This was published in his paper "The Internal Constitution of the Stars". At that time, the source of stellar energy was a complete mystery; Eddington was the first to correctly speculate that the source was fusion of hydrogen into helium.

He is also famous for his work on the theory of relativity. Eddington wrote a number of articles that explained Einstein's theory of general relativity to the English-speaking world. World War I severed many lines of scientific communication and new developments in German science were not well known in England. He also conducted an expedition to observe the solar eclipse of 29 May 1919. That gave one of the earliest confirmations of general relativity.The observations showed that light from stars which passed close by the Sun was slightly bent towards the Sun. This was predicted by the general theory of relativity. He became known for his popular expositions and interpretations of the theory. 

Alfred Jewel

The Alfred Jewel is a small piece of Anglo-Saxon goldsmith's work made of enamel and quartz enclosed in gold. It was discovered in 1693, in North Petherton, Somerset, England, and is now one of the most popular exhibits at the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford. It is named after King Alfred, a famous king of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Wessex.

List of people from Bihar

This is the list of the famous people belonging from the Bihar state of India.


Dr. Srikrishna Sinha alias Sri Babu, Anugrah Narayan Sinha, Jagjiwan Ram, Karpoori Thakur, Smt. Meera Kumar, Rajiv Ranjan Singh Lalan, Sushil Modi, 







Samata Party


Garhpura Namak Satyagrah Gaurav Yatra 




Mohali

Mohali is a city in the Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar district, Punjab, India. It is the headquarters of Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar district. It was officially named after Sahibzada Ajit Singh as SAS Nagar ("The City of Sahibzada Ajit Singh"). He was the eldest son of Guru Gobind Singh. It is still known popularly as 'Mohali'.
As per 2011 census Mohali had a population of 176,170. In this males were 92,301 and females were 83,869. The literacy rate was 91.96% per cent. The sex ratio of Mohali is 909 females per 1000 males. Sikhism is the majority religion in Mohali. About 51.53% of the people are Sikhs. Hinduism is the second most followed religion here. 45.5% people in Mohali are Hindus. Minority religions here are Muslims, Christians, Buddhists and Jains.


2018 California gubernatorial election

The 2018 California gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 2018, to elect the governor of California. Then-incumbent Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom was elected the next governor of California.

In February 2015, while Gavin Newsom was lieutenant governor, he announced he would run for governor in 2018, to succeed term limited governor Jerry Brown.

In mid-2017, businessman John H. Cox announced his candidacy for governor in 2018. After previously running for public office many times.

On November 6. 2018, Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom defeated republican candidate and businessman John H. Cox, in a wide and large margin.

Newsom became the 40th governor of California on January 7, 2019.

Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar district

Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar district is one of the 23 districts of Punjab, India. It was formed in April 2006. This is the 18th district of Punjab. This was created next to Pathankot district. It was officially named after Sahibzada Ajit Singh as SAS Nagar" ("The City of Sahibzada Ajit Singh"). Sahibzada Ajit Singh was the eldest son of Guru Gobind Singh.

According to the 2011 census, SAS Nagar district had a population of 986,147. SAS Nagar has a sex ratio of 878 females for every 1,000 males, This district has a literacy rate of 84.9%.

Muthuvan language

Muthuvan language is a Dravidian tribal language. This language is related to or came from Tamil. 16,800 people speak this language.

Diesel locomotive

A diesel locomotive is a locomotive powered by a diesel engine. The diesel engine drives the locomotive's wheels through a transmission system. Diesel locomotives are very popular worldwide, due to their ease of use and reliability. They can be more powerful than steam locomotives and do not need an expensive power grid like electric locomotives.

Through a gearbox, shaft or chain (diesel-mechanical)

By generating electricity which is in turn used to power the wheels (diesel-electric). This is the kind most used.

By using a hydraulic transmission system (diesel-hydraulic)

Halina Aszkiełowicz-Wojno

Halina Aszkiełowicz-Wojno (4 February 1947 – 22 June 2018) was a former Polish volleyball player. She was a member of Poland women's national volleyball team in 1965–1973, a bronze medalist of the Olympic Games Mexico 1968, medalist of the European Championship (silver in 1967, bronze in 1971).

Aszkiełowicz-Wojno died on 22 June 2018 at the age of 71.

FOXP2

FOXP2 is a gene which codes for a protein needed for speech and language.

It codes for "Forkhead box protein P2", which is needed for the proper development of speech and language in humans. Versions of this gene occur in many vertebrates, where it generally plays a role in communication (for instance, the development of bird song).

"FOXP2" is the first gene found which affects speech and language. The gene is more active in females than in males. In humans, mutations of "FOXP2" cause a severe speech and language disorder. 

"FOXP2" is popularly dubbed the "language gene", but this is only partly correct since there are other genes involved in language development. It directly regulates a number of other genes, including "CNTNAP2", "CTBP1", and "SRPX2".

Two amino acid substitutions distinguish the human "FOXP2" protein from that found in chimpanzees. Evidence suggests that these changes affect the functions of "FOXP2".

Langdon, North Dakota

Langdon is a city in Cavalier County in the state of North Dakota, United States. It is the county seat of Cavalier County. The population was 1,909 at the 2020 census. Langdon was made the county seat in 1884. It was incorporated in 1885.

Multiple unit

Multiple unit may refer to:

Hannah, North Dakota

Hannah is a city in Cavalier County in the state of North Dakota, United States. The population was 8 at the 2020 census. It was founded in 1897.

Magalì Vettorazzo

Maria "Magalì" Vettorazzo (16 March 1942 – 18 June 2018) was an Italian female pentathlete. She competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and finished in 21st place. Vettorazzo was born in Preganziol, Italy.

Vettorazzo died on 18 June 2018 at the age of 76.

Katriina Elovirta

Katriina Elovirta (15 February 1961 – 19 June 2018) was a Finnish female association footballer. She was a well known international match referee. She served as a referee with FIFA between 1995 to 2003. She also worked as a development manager for the Finnish Football Association until her death.

Elovirta died at age 57 after a long illness on 19 June 2018.

Laurence Street

Commodore Sir Laurence Whistler Street, AC, KCMG, KStJ, QC (3 July 1926 – 21 June 2018) was an Australian jurist. He was born in Sydney. He served as the fourteenth and second youngest Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New South Wales from 1974 to 1988 and Lieutenant-Governor of New South Wales from 1974 to 1989. 

Street died on the night of 21 June 2018 in Sydney at the age of 91.


Nahum Korzhavin

Nahum (Naum) Moiseyevich Korzhavin (; real surname Mandel, ; 14 October 1925 – 22 June 2018) was a Russian-American poet. He was born in Kiev of Jewish descent, He worked and lived in Boston, Massachusetts during most of his career. In 2005 Korzhavin participated in "They Chose Freedom", a four-part television documentary on the history of the Soviet dissident movement. He wrote many memoirs and novels about dissidents.

Korzhavin died in Chapel Hill, North Carolina on 22 June 2018 at the age of 92.



Olga Krzyżanowska

Olga Teresa Krzyżanowska (10 September 1929 – 22 June 2018) was a Polish politician. She was born in Warsaw. Krzyżanowska served as a Senator of Poland and a Member of the Sejm from 1989 to 2005. 

Krzyżanowska died on 22 June 2018 in Gdansk from respiratory failure at the age of 88.

Dick Leitsch

Richard Joseph Leitsch (May 11, 1935 – June 22, 2018), also known as Richard Valentine Leitsch and more commonly Dick Leitsch, was an American LGBT rights activist. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. He was president of gay rights group the Mattachine Society in the 1960s. He led many walkouts and sit-ins during protests to support the LGBT community. During the Stonewall riots, Leitsch was the first gay journalist to report on the riot.

Lietsch died from liver cancer in Manhattan on June 22, 2018, aged 83.


Geoffrey Oryema

Geoffrey Oryema (16 April 1953 – 22 June 2018) was a Ugandan-born French musician. Oryema was born in Soroti, Uganda. He was smuggled out of the country and moved to France where his career would be based from. He sang in the languages of his youth, Swahili and Acholi, the languages of the lost country, the 'clear green land' of Uganda, and he also sang in English and French.

Oryema died on 22 June 2018 in France of cardiac arrest at the age of 65.


Vinnie Paul

Vincent Paul Abbott (March 11, 1964 – June 22, 2018), also known as Vinnie Paul, was an American heavy metal drummer, guitarist, songwriter and producer. He was born in Abilene, Texas. He was best known for being the former drummer, and co-founder, of the heavy metal band Pantera. He was a member of Hellyeah. He also co-founded the heavy metal band Damageplan in 2003 with his younger brother, Dimebag Darrell.

Paul died on June 22, 2018 in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 54. It was later revealed that Abbott had died from a "dilated cardiomyopathy and coronary artery disease."


Waldir Pires

Francisco Waldir Pires de Souza (21 October 1926 – 22 June 2018) was a Brazilian politician. He served as Minister of Defence under President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, before being fired in 2007. From 1987 to 1989, he served as Governor of Bahia. He was born in Acajutiba, Brazil.

Pires died on 22 June 2018 in Rio de Janeiro of multiple organ failure at the age of 91.

Koro Wētere

Koro Tainui Wētere (22 June 1935 – 23 June 2018) was a New Zealand politician. He was an MP from 1969 to 1996, representing the Labour Party. He served as Minister of Māori Affairs from 1984 to 1990. He was a member of the Ngāti Maniapoto tribe.

Wētere died in Te Kuiti on 23 June 2018, one day after turning 83.

Lalu Prasad Yadav

Lallu Prasad Yadav (born 11 June 1948) is an Indian politician from Bihar. He is the former Chief Minister of Bihar. He became the Chief Minister of Bihar in 1990, but was made to resign in 1997 several times. He was a member of parliament of the 15th Lok Sabha. He is also president and founder of the Rashtriya Janata Dal.

Bogie

A bogie (called a truck in North American English) is a chassis, with wheels, attached to a rail vehicle, such as a boxcar. A bogie usually has four or six wheels. Each rail vehicle has a pair of bogies. The bogies can turn slightly to allow the rail vehicle to pass easily around curves in the railway track.

Nalchik

Nalchik (; Kabardian: //; //) is the capital city of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia. It is in the foothills of the Caucasus Mountains. In 2010, 240,203 people lived there.

Elista

Elista ( or ; , "Elst") is the capital city of Kalmykia, Russia. In 2010, 103,749 people lived there.

Innamaadhoo (Raa Atoll)

Innamaadhoo (Dhivehi: އިއްނަމާދޫ) <br>
This island is an inhabited island in Raa atoll. Like other islands, this island is made out of sand from corals. 

The inhabitants are Maldivians and they speak their language, Dhivehi. 

The economy of Innamaadhoo is built on carpentry. So, when you look at the whole country, the most carpenting experts are mostly from Innamaadhoo. From very small fishing boats to giant safari boats are built in this island. Even if wheat was grown few decades back, farming is not a very wide field. If we look at fishing, the islanders used to fish a lot in the 90's. So, putting salt on fish was a very wide field. But now, as the field perished, fishermen and fish-sellers are very less. The reason is believed to be because carpentry gives a lot of money (carpentry is a very good money-maker). In the field of tourism, inhabitants aren't directly contributing. It may be because there is no resort nearby. But diving boats, row boats, and ferries, etc. (needed for resorts) are built a lot here. 

Soglio, Switzerland

Soglio is a village and a former municipality in the district of Maloja in the Swiss canton of the Graubünden close to the border with Italy. It is part of the municipality of Bregaglia.

Stampa

Stampa is a former municipality of the district of Maloja in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

On 1 January 2010 the municipalities of Bondo, Castasegna, Soglio, Stampa, and Vicosoprano merged into a new municipality of Bregaglia.

Lägh da Cavloc is in the Val Forno.

Silvaplana

Silvaplana () is a municipality of the district of Maloja in the Swiss canton of Graubünden and the name of a lake in the municipality.

Soglio

Soglio can mean:



Schongau

Schongau can mean:

Ringsted

Ringsted is a city in Denmark with a population of around 20,000.

Ringsted is about 60 km from the capital Copenhagen.

Fontvieille, Monaco

Fontvieille is the southernmost ward in the Principality of Monaco. It was developed by an Italian architect, Manfredi Nicoletti, between the 1970s and the 1990s.

Fontvieille is twinned with Santa Maria a Monte, Italy, since 1991.

Basic income

A universal basic income (UBI) or simply basic income is a social program in which all citizens of a population regularly receive a sum of money from the government. A pure or unconditional basic income has no means test, much like Social Security in the United States. Basic income can be implemented nationally, regionally or locally. The idea gained attention in recent years because people fear that technology will make many jobs obsolete in the future.

The idea has never been put in place by any country yet, but there have been some experimental trials.

In a 2016 survey, 64% of Europeans voted for an UBI.

An UBI is an income for everyone. There would be neither a social administrative means test nor a requirement of willingness to work. On the other hand, tax- and contribution-financed social benefits like unemployment benefit, social assistance or child benefit would no longer apply.

The incomes would be:


The Roman emperor Trajan gave 650 denarii to all common Roman citizens who applied.

In the 1516 book "Utopia", Sir Thomas More describes a society in which every person receives a guaranteed income.

In 1984, the Basic Income Research Group began researching on basic income.

In the 21st century, the idea gained attention because many people fear that artificial intelligence (AI) and automation will make many jobs obsolete in the near future.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, a petition in Europe called for an "emergency basic income". It got more than 200,000 signatures. The public opinion was largely positive.

One of the most popular reasons for an UBI is that artificial intelligence (AI) and automation will make many jobs obsolete in the near future. However, people still have to get enough money to live, even when there is no work for them anymore. An UBI could be a good solution for this problem.

Advocates of UBI say that with basic income, unattractive jobs would have to be better paid and their working conditions improved. This is because there is still a need for people who do this kind of work. And if they already get enough money from UBI, there has to be an incentive for doing these jobs.

Some hope that an UBI will lead to a happier and fairer society with fewer debates about envy.

Some people also think that an UBI could make society more creative because people would no longer have the pressure to work. For example, people would have more time to educate themselves or find things they are interested in.

Some believe that an UBI will increase the willingness to take risks because everyone would be financially secure to some degree. This would promote a culture of ingenuity and increase the spirit of invention.

There are many prominent advocates of universal basic income. The English-language Wikipedia has a whole article about UBI advocates. This section here only lists the most notable advocates.

Since the 1960s, there have been a number of basic income pilot programs and experiments. Some examples include:





Vladikavkaz

Vladikavkaz (, lit. "ruler of the Caucasus",) formerly known as Ordzhonikidze () and Dzaudzhikau (), is the capital city of the Republic of North Ossetia-Alania, Russia. It is in the southeast of the republic at the foothills of the Caucasus Mountains, on the Terek River. As of 2010, 311,693 people lived there.

It is one of the most populous cities in the North Caucasus.

The city is an industrial and transportation center. Manufactured products include processed zinc and lead, machinery, chemicals, clothing and food products.

Corcelles

Corcelles is the name or part of the name of several places:



Cryptocurrency

Cryptocurrency is a type of currency which uses digital files as money. Often, people create these files using the same ways as cryptography (the science of hiding information). Cryptocurrency users can use Digital signatures to keep the transactions safe, and to let other people check that the transactions are real. The creators of the first cryptocurrencies made them to be free of government-given currencies.

No single person controls cryptocurrencies. Instead they are decentralized and controlled by many people. This is different from 'centralized' electronic money and central banks, which a small group of people control. The control of each cryptocurrency works through a distributed ledger (a list of transactions shared by everyone), usually a blockchain. This lets everyone know all of the financial transactions that happen.

Bitcoin, first released as open-source software in 2009, is famous because it was the first decentralized cryptocurrency. Since then, people have created more than 4,000 cryptocurrencies (sometimes called altcoins, or "alternative coins"). 

In many cases, it is not possible to exchange cryptocurrencies for real currencies such as the US dollar. It is only possible to convert them to other cryptocurrencies. People can also use them to buy things. But some cryptocurrencies can be converted to real currencies. Those cryptocurrencies usually have high volatility, (their price changes very often). Using them is very risky. They are also a target for Pump-and-Dump-Attacks. They act like a big distributed economic system: because they are not issued or controlled by central banks, their value is difficult to influence. For this reason, they cannot really take the place of a stable currency.

People often use cryptocurrencies to do speculation. That makes building a system of more or less stable exchange rates very difficult. Another problem is the inequality of distribution. A small number of people have most of the cryptocurrency. About 1.000 people hold half of the total amount of bitcoins in the world. So if any of these people start using the Bitcoin that they own, they will change the exchange rate. It also means that these people have a great influence on the value of the currency. They can change its value easily. The currency itself only tells you who owns it. Exchange rates of cryptocurrencies are established outside the system. Traders and brokers set the exchange rate. This is not a guarantee that they trade cryptocurrency at the value that they suggest. The unit of cryptocurrency doesn't have value by itself. 

In contrast to cryptocurrencies, central banks control "real" currencies such as the US dollar, Japanese yen, euro, or Chinese renminbi. Certain economic phenomena such as inflation or deflation may change the value (and exchange rate) of a currency. The people who own units of the currency have no direct influence on its value. 

According to Jan Lansky, a cryptocurrency is a system that meets six conditions:


In March 2018, the word ""cryptocurrency"" was added to the "Merriam-Webster Dictionary".

Cryptocurrency mixing is a service where tainted bitcoins can become unmarked bitcoins. Bitcoin mixing, also called Bitcoin tumbling or Bitcoin blending, is the process of using a service to make your Bitcoin purchases and transactions untraceable. Instantly mixing Bitcoin is the only way to hide bitcoin exchanges and make them impossible to track. This protects against criminals, hackers, and activities prohibited by the law where people use bitcoin. It also protects against law enforcement. The huge amount of bitcoins on mixing services come from mining pools around the world.

Crypto mining is the process of using specialized hardware and software to verify transactions on a blockchain network. The process involves solving complex mathematical equations to validate transactions and add them to the blockchain. Miners are rewarded for their efforts with cryptocurrency, usually in the form of the coin that they are mining. There are three main types of crypto mining: Proof of Work (PoW), Proof of Stake (PoS) and Proof of Authority (PoA)

Proof of Work is the most widely used consensus mechanism in the crypto space. It is used by Bitcoin and many other cryptocurrencies. In PoW, miners have to solve complex mathematical equations to validate transactions and add them to the blockchain. The miner who solves the equation first is rewarded with cryptocurrency.

Proof of Stake is a newer consensus mechanism that is becoming increasingly popular. In PoS, instead of solving complex equations, miners are chosen to validate transactions based on the amount of cryptocurrency they hold. This is known as ‘staking’. The more cryptocurrency a miner holds, the more likely they are to be chosen to validate transactions.

Proof of Authority (PoA) is a consensus algorithm for private or consortium chains. It uses a set of trusted nodes, or validators, to secure the network. These nodes are pre-selected by the network administrator and are responsible for validating transactions and adding them to the blockchain.

Villeret

Villeret can mean:


Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway

The Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway (DNSR) was a cross-country railway running north–south between Didcot, Newbury and Winchester in England. 

The line opened in stages between 1882 and 1885. Owing to lack of money, it never reached Southampton, so trains from Winchester to Southampton went by another route.

The line closed between 1960 and 1962 and some sections have become cycle routes. There are plans to build a cafe, the "Handlebar Cafe", on the cycle route near Winchester.

Sasha Obama

Natasha Marian Obama (born June 10, 2001) is the younger daughter of the 44th president of the United States Barack Obama and Michelle Obama.

Natasha Marian Obama was born at University of Chicago Medical Center on June 10, 2001, as the younger of two daughters to Barack Obama and Michelle Obama. She was delivered by her parents' friend and physician Anita Blanchard. Her elder sister is Malia Obama.

Obama and her sister were named two of "The Most Influential Teens of 2014" by "TIME" magazine.

Obama made her television debut in a 2008 episode of "Access Hollywood".

David Plouffe

David Plouffe (; born May 27, 1967) is an American political strategist who helped propel the Barack Obama Presidential campaign to success in the 2008 US Elections where he served as campaign manager. 

In 2017, he joined Facebook owner Mark Zuckerberg's wife, Priscilla Chan's charity organization, the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, after leaving Uber as a lead effort and advocacy.
Plouffe was born in Wilmington, Delaware to Frances Vincent and James Plouffe.

Duodecimal

The duodecimal system (also known as base 12 or dozenal) is the number system with a base of twelve. In the duodecimal system, large numbers are expressed by groups of 12. For example, the number fifty (which we usually write as 50) would be written as 42 in the dozenal system, since it is equal to 4×12+2.

The number 12 is the smallest number that has four factors (2, 3, 4, 6). If one divides the numbers 10 and 12 with 3, the results will be 3.333... and 4, respectively. Doing the same thing with 6, the results will be 1.666... and 2. So, the duodecimal system can control the fractions better than the decimal system.

There are no numerical symbols that represent 10 and 11 in duodecimal, so letters taken from the English alphabet are used, specifically X (from the Roman numeral for ten) and E (from the initial of eleven). Some people use A and B (as ann and bet) as well.

Edna Kramer in her 1951 book "The Main Stream of Mathematics" used * and # for 10 and 11. The symbols were chosen because they are available in typewriters and push-button telephones.

This article uses ↊ (dec) and ↋ (elf) for 10 and 11.

Alberto Fouilloux

Alberto Jorge Fouilloux Ahumada (22 November 1940 – 23 June 2018) was a Chilean football midfielder and striker. He earned 70 caps and scored 12 goals for the Chile national team during his career.

After retiring as a player Fouilloux went on to become a manager, serving as head coach of Huachipato and Colo-Colo.

Fouilloux died on June 23, 2018 aged 77 in Santiago, Chile of lung cancer.

Phan Huy Lê

Phan Huy Lê (23 February 1934 – 23 June 2018) was a Vietnamese historian. He was born in Lộc Hà district. He was professor of history at the Hanoi National University.

Phan was the author of many studies on village society and Vietnamese history in general. He was thought by many as "doyen of Vietnamese historians." He was also director of the Center for Vietnamese and Intercultural Studies at Vietnam National University, Hanoi.

Phan died of heart disease on 23 June 2018 in Hanoi, aged 84.

Prime Minister of South Korea

The Prime Minister of the Republic of Korea (국무총리 / 國務總理, "Gungmuchongni") is appointed by the President of South Korea, with the National Assembly's approval. The officeholder is not required to be a member of the National Assembly. The Prime Minister is not the head of government but is similar to that of a vice president.

The Sino-Korean word "gungmu" (/) means "state affairs" and "chongni" (/) means "prime minister", "premier" or "chancellor", so the full title in Korean means literally "Prime Minister for State Affairs", but it is not used as official English title. The short title in Korean is just "Chongni".


Lee Nak-yeon

Lee Nak-yeon (, born 20 December 1951), also known as Lee Nak-yon, is a South Korea politician. He was the 45th Prime Minister of South Korea.

Lee Hong-koo

Lee Hong-Koo (born May 9, 1934; Hangul: 이홍구; Hanja: 李洪九) is a former Korean academic and politician. He served as a former Prime Minister of the Republic of Korea, former South Korean Ambassador to the United Kingdom and United States, and founding Chairman of the East Asia Institute in Seoul.


Lho Shin-yong

Lho Shin-yong (Korean: 노신영, 28 February 1930 – 21 October 2019) was a South Korean politician, diplomat and intelligence chief. He served as the 18th Prime Minister, the 18th Foreign Minister and the 12th Director of the Agency of National Security Planning (ANSP, now National Intelligence Service) of the fifth South Korean republic.

Lho died in Seoul on 21 October 2019 at the age of 89.

Violeta Rivas

Ana María Francisca Adinolfi (known by her stage name, Violeta Rivas; 4 October 1937 – 23 June 2018) was an Argentine singer and actress. She was born in Buenos Aires. She was known for singing in the music program "El Club del Clan".

She performed "¡Que Suerte!" in Uruguay, which became her greatest hit. Rivas toured Latin America singing melodic songs. After the 1960s, she continued to perform in other films and to sing other songs such as "Colorado", "El Baile del Ladrillo", "El Cardenal", and others.

Rivas died of a stroke in Buenos Aires on 4 October 1937, aged 80.

Pavel Vranský

Pavel Vranský (29 April 1921 – 24 June 2018) was a Czech brigadier general. He was known for serving during the Siege of Tobruk. He is a recipient of the War Cross and Medal of Merit He was born in Lipník nad Bečvou.

Vranský died on 24 June 2018 in Lipník, aged 97.

Nitish Kumar

Nitish Kumar (born 1 March 1951) is an Indian politician. He was the chief minister of Bihar from 2015 until 2022. He is the President of Janata Dal (United). He is best known for his zero-tolerance policy against corruption.

Francine Muyumba

Francine Fuhara Muyumba (born 18 February 1987) is a Congolese youth leader serving as President of the Pan African Youth Union. In 2011, Muyumba became the first International Student to be elected President of the University of Namibia Student Representative Council. The other International student to have held the position was Joseph Kalimbwe seven years later.

In 2017, Muyumba was chosen among the 100 Influential young Africans.

Nickel–zinc battery

A nickel–zinc battery, abbreviated NiZn, is a type of rechargeable battery. It is similar to the nickel cadmium battery but with a higher voltage of 1.6 V. Large nickel–zinc battery systems have been known for over 100 years. Since 2000, development of a stabilized zinc electrode system has made this technology competitive with other commercially available rechargeable battery systems. Cells in "AA" and "AAA" sizes are available. Nickel–zinc batteries are not as toxic as nickel–cadmium batteries, and they are less of a fire risk than lithium–ion batteries. The energy density is higher than nickel–cadmium, but not quite as high as lithium–ion.

University of Namibia

The University of Namibia (UNAM) is the largest university in Namibia. It was founded by an act of the National Assembly on 31 August 1992 and has 12 campuses, 8 faculties and 5 schools spread across the country. It has close to 24,000 studying on full time, part time and distance learning.


Depolarizer

A depolarizer or depolariser is a substance used in a primary cell to prevent buildup of hydrogen gas bubbles. This would interfere with the working of the cell. Manganese dioxide is a widely used depolarizer.

Fire-tube boiler

A fire-tube boiler is a type of boiler in which hot gases pass from a fire through many tubes. These run through a sealed container of water. The heat of the gases passes through the walls of the tubes, and this heats the water and creates steam.

Most steam locomotives have fire-tube boilers.

Motor–generator

A motor–generator is a device for converting electrical power to another form. Motor–generator sets are used to convert frequency, voltage, or phase of power. They may also be used to isolate electrical loads from the electrical power supply line. Large motor–generators were widely used to convert industrial amounts of power while smaller motor–generators were used to convert battery power to higher voltages.

Nowadays, motor–generators have largely been replaced by semiconductor devices. Examples include rectifiers for converting alternating current (AC) to direct current (DC) and inverters for converting DC to AC.

AAR wheel arrangement

AAR wheel arrangement is a system for classifying locomotives used in North America. It is a simplified form of the UIC classification of locomotive axle arrangements.


Wheel arrangement

For wheel arrangement systems, see:


Ken Albiston

Kenneth Ian Albiston (11 November 1926 – 20 June 2018) was an Australian rules footballer. He played for Richmond and Melbourne in the VFL. He served in the royal air force during the last years of World War II. He was born in Balwyn, Victoria.

Albiston died on 20 June 2018 in Melbourne, Victoria at the age of 91.


Richard Benjamin Harrison

Richard Benjamin Harrison Jr. (also known by the nicknames The Old Man and The Appraiser; March 4, 1941 – June 25, 2018) was an American businessman and reality television personality. He was born in Danville, Virginia, but raised in Lexington, North Carolina. He was best known as the co-owner of the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, as featured on the History channel series "Pawn Stars".

Harrison was usually referred to by his nickname, "The Old Man".

Harrison died on June 25, 2018 in Las Vegas, Nevada from Parkinson's disease at the age of 77.


Jamsheed Marker

Jamsheed Marker (Hilal-e-Imtiaz) (24 November 1922 – 21 June 2018) was a Pakistani diplomat. He served as Ambassador to the United States serving from 17 September 1986 to 30 June 1989. He was the head of mission during the administrations of Prime Ministers Muhammad Khan Junejo and Benazir Bhutto. He helped negotiate the Soviet military withdrawal from Afghanistan.

Marker died on 21 June 2018 in Karachi at the age of 95.

Francesco Forleo

Francesco Forleo (13 November 1941 – 24 June 2018) was an Italian politician and policeman. He served as a Deputy from 1987 to 1994. He was born in Turin.

Forleo died of dementia in Genoa on 24 June 2018 at the age of 76.

Etna, California

Etna is a city in the Scott Valley area of Siskiyou County, California, United States. The population was 678 at the 2020 census.


Montague, California

Montague is a city in Siskiyou County, California, United States. The population was 1,226 at the 2020 census.


Ismael Balkhi

Sayed Isma'el Balkhi () was a poet, political activist and cleric in Afghanistan during the twentieth century. He was one of the thinkers and pioneers of the Islamic Movement of Afghanistan.

Siskiyou County, California

Siskiyou County ( ) is a county in the northernmost part of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 44,076. The county seat is Yreka.

Siskiyou County is in the Cascade Mountains on the Oregon border.

Yreka, California

Yreka ( ) is the county seat of Siskiyou County, California, United States. It is near the Shasta River at 2,500 feet (760 m) above sea level and covering about 10.1 sq mi (26 km2) area, of which most is land. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 7,807.

In 1941, it was proposed that Yreka were to be the capital city of the proposed Jefferson state, which would be made-up of southern Oregon and northern California.


Baikonur Cosmodrome

Baikonur Cosmodrome (; ) is a spaceport in southern Kazakhstan. It is the first and most active space port in the world. It is leased to Russia until 2050, and is managed by Roskosmos and the Russian aerospace forces. It was originally built by the Soviet Union in the late 1950s. There are many commercial, military and scientific rocket launches each year All crewed Russian spaceflights are launched from Baikonur.

Sputnik 1, the first artificial satellite, was launched from Baikonur in 1957. Vostok 1, the first human spaceflight, was also launched from Baikonur, carrying Yuri Gagarin. The launchpad used for both of these missions was renamed Gagarin's Start.

Proton (rocket family)

Proton is an expandable launch vehicle used for both commercial and Russian government launches. It is still in use as of 2018. All Protons are built at Khrunichev State Research and Production Space Center, and are then launched from Baikonur Cosmodrome. It can launch around 22.8 tonnes to Low Earth orbit, and it can launch around 6.3 tonnes to Geostationary orbit. It is expected to be retired before 2030.

It was originally created as a super heavy Intercontinental ballistic missile. The first Proton rocket was launced in 1965. Proton's design was kept secret until 1986. It launched several sections of the Mir space station, and also launched two modules to the ISS.

North British Locomotive Company

The North British Locomotive Company (NBL) was created in 1903 through the merger of three Scottish locomotive manufacturing companies. They were Sharp, Stewart and Company and Neilson, Reid and Company and Dübs and Company. This created the largest locomotive manufacturing company in Europe at the time.

The company closed in 1962.

Volatility

In economics, the term volatility is used to measure how much the price or value of an economic good or service changes over time. Goods or services where the price changes a lot are said to have a "high volatility", those that don't have a "low volatility". The word come from the Latin verb "volare" meaning "to fly".

In the securities markets, volatility is often associated with big swings in either direction. For example, when the stock market rises and falls more than one percent over a sustained period of time, it is called a "volatile" market. An asset's volatility is a key factor when pricing options contracts. In statistical terms, volatility is the standard deviation of a market or security’s annualised returns over a given period - essentially the rate at which its price increases or decreases. Historical volatility is calculated using a series of past market prices, while implied volatility looks at expected future volatility, using the market price of a market-traded derivative like an option.

Market volatility is caused by a host of several factors


Josh Hawley

Joshua David Hawley (born December 31, 1979) is an American politician. He is the senior United States Senator of Missouri since January 3, 2019.

He was the Attorney General of Missouri from 2017 to 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party.

He was born in Springdale, Arkansas. Hawley studied at Stanford University and at Yale University. He is a former law clerk to Chief Justice John Roberts of the Supreme Court.

In October 2017, Hawley announced his candidacy for U.S. Senate. He defeated Claire McCaskill in the general election in November 2018.


Geoff Case

Geoff Case (18 September 1935 – 22 June 2018) was an Australian rules footballer. He played in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He was born in Victoria, Australia.

Case was a tough midfielder and played his 122 VFL games for Melbourne, which included the 1955, 1957, 1959 and 1960 winning grand finals. He also represented the VFL, but retired at the relatively young age of just twenty-six in 1962.

Case died on 22 June 2018 in Melbourne at the age of 82.

Deanna Lund

Deanna Lund (May 30, 1937 – June 22, 2018) was an American actress. She was born in Oak Park, Illinois. Lund was best known for her role in the Irwin Allen television series "Land of the Giants", where she played the character of Valerie Ames Scott.

Lund died on June 22, 2018 at her home in Century City, California of pancreatic cancer, aged 81.


Constance Adams

Constance Adams (16 July, 1964 – 25 June, 2018) was an American space architect. He worked in the space program. In the late 1990s she was employed by Lockheed Martin Space Operations, to support the NASA’s Mars exploration research efforts at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas. Among other projects, Adams was involved in developing the Lockheed-Martin design of an inflatable module for the International Space Station.

Adams died of colorectal cancer in Houston on June 25, 2018, aged 53.

Tony Evers

Anthony Steven Evers (born November 5, 1951) is an American politician and educator. He is the 46th and current Governor of Wisconsin. He was elected Governor on November 6, 2018, defeating Scott Walker.

Before becoming Governor, he served as the 26th Superintendent of Public Instruction of Wisconsin from 2009 to 2019. Evers serves as President of the Council of Chief State School Officers and was Wisconsin's Deputy Superintendent of Public Instruction from 2001 to 2009. 

Evers was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Wisconsin in the 2018 gubernatorial election. His running mate is community organizer Mandela Barnes. Evers won the election by 1%.

Evers was re-elected governor in 2022, defeating businessman Tim Michels.

Evers had esophageal cancer before undergoing intensive surgery in 2008.


Lance Franklin

Lance Franklin (or Buddy Franklin) was born on 30 January 1987. In his early life he had grown up to love AFL and view as many matches as he could, but his passion did not just stop there, he was a star on the AFL field as a young boy and eventually pursued his passion to the point he is at now, an international level.

Franklin was born in Perth, Western Australia, into a family of Indigenous Australians (Noongar-Wajuk) and grew up in Dowerin supporting the Melbourne Football Club. When he was 15, he won a sports scholarship and was educated at Wesley College. He played one senior game for the Perth Football Club in 2004, kicking one goal, and represented Western Australia at the 2004 AFL Under 18 Championships.

Franklin has won two premierships, four All-Australian team awards, two Coleman Medals and a Peter Crimmins Medal in his time at Hawthorn, he also kicked the AFL Goal of the Year twice (in 2010 and 2013). He also was nominated for the AFL Rising Star award in the 2005 season. After winning his second premiership at Hawthorn, Franklin moved to the Sydney Swans at the end of the 2013 season, before representing Australia in the 2013 International Rules Series. Franklin had an incredible impact at Sydney, where he won three All-Australian selections and two more Coleman Medals.

Grigory Barenblatt

Grigory Isaakovich Barenblatt (; July 10, 1927 – June 21, 2018) was a Russian mathematician. He was born in Moscow. He was an emeritus Professor in Residence at the Department of Mathematics of the University of California, Berkeley and Mathematician at Department of Mathematics, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. 

Barenblatt died on June 21, 2018 at the age of 90.


W. S. Merwin

William Stanley Merwin (September 30, 1927 – March 15, 2019) was an American poet. He was mainly active during the anti-Vietnam War era. He won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry (in both 1971 and 2009), the National Book Award for Poetry (2005) and the Tanning Prize, one of the highest honors bestowed by the Academy of American Poets, as well as the Golden Wreath of the Struga Poetry Evenings.

In 2010, the Library of Congress named Merwin the seventeenth United States Poet Laureate to replace the outgoing Kay Ryan.

Merwin died at his home in Haiku, Hawaii on March 15, 2019 from a heart attack, aged 91.

Charles Simic

Charles Simic (; born Dušan Simić; May 9, 1938 – January 9, 2023) was a Serbian American poet. He was the co-poetry editor of the "Paris Review". He received the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1990 for "The World Doesn't End", and was a finalist of the Pulitzer Prize in 1986 for "Selected Poems, 1963-1983" and in 1987 for "Unending Blues". 

Simic was appointed the fifteenth Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 2007.
Simic married fashion designer Helene Dubin in 1964, and their union produced two children. In 1971, he became an American citizen. Simic died of complications of dementia on January 9, 2023, at the age of 84.

Michelle Clunie

Michelle Renee Clunie (born November 7, 1969) is an American actress, dancer and activist. She is best known for her roles as Melanie Marcus on Showtime's series "Queer as Folk" and as Ellen Beals on "Make It or Break It". She is currently a star on MTV’s "Teen Wolf" as Mrs. Finch.

Creed discography

The discography for American alternative metal band Creed consists of 4 studio albums.

R. Scott Bakker

Richard Scott Bakker (born February 2, 1967, Simcoe, Ontario) is a Canadian fantasy author. He also lectures in the South Western Ontario university community. He grew up on a tobacco farm in the Simcoe area. In 1986 he attended the University of Western Ontario and studied literature. He later completed an MA in theory and criticism. After further study in philosophy at Vanderbilt University he returned to London, Ontario where he now lives with his wife and daughter. He spends his time writing fiction and study.

R. Scott Bakker's major work is a series known as "The Second Apocalypse," which he began developing in the 1980s. The series was first planned as series of three books. The first two books were to be the "The Prince of Nothing" and "The Aspect-Emperor". The third book has been called "The Book That Shall Not Be Named" by Bakker. He thought the title of this book was a spoiler for the first two books.

Bakker began writing the books in the early 2000s. He found he needed to split each of the three books into its own sub-series to include all of the characters, themes and ideas he wished to explore. The first two books have now become trilogies, and the third book, which is currently two volumes, may expand to a third.

A science fiction novel about a serial killer whose knowledge allows them to control the human brain. Published in 2008.

The story of a private investigator, Disciple Manning, who suffers from a condition like Hyperthymesia. Published in 2010.

Bakker developed ideas which are the basis of his Blind Brain Theory and Heuristic Neglect Theory.

A short essay about his Blind Brain Hypothesis", "published 2008. It was based on ideas that were part of his novel, "Neuropath. "These ideas were about the limits of human consciousness, for example how the eye does not see all the colors because they are beyond our field of vision. We are only aware of a tiny part of all the information our brains process, and this means that what we experience is largely an illusion.

Bakker wrote that the scientific method and its progress would one day give us insights into human behavior that we could not imagine now. He argued in the future there would be some kind of brain–computer interface.

In 2008, Bakker presented "The End of the World As We Know It: Neuroscience and the Semantic Apocalypse" at Western University's Centre for the Study of Theory and Criticism. This was based on ideas from "Neuropath, "a fictional world where the technologies of neuroscience have reached technical and social maturity and prevalence.

Bakker says that science is now used to explain the natural world, rather than folk stories. He says that one day science will also explain how our brains work, and how that affects our behaviour. Human behaviour is not always rational, and society has ignored this cognitive bias. Bakker's Blind Brain Hypothesis is that we are only conscious of a tiny part of the information processed by our brains. Because of this we do not fully understand our thoughts and behaviours. 

Bakker noted the amount of money now being spent to use neuroscience to improve marketing techniques. 

In May 2010, Bakker began a blog called "Three Pound Brain." Bakker has used the blog to explore and write about his philosophical ideas. He also uses it for copies of his past academic work, speculative pieces, and samples and drafts of his fiction writing. 

An essay published on "Scientia Salon," November 2014.

Science fiction short story released in "Midwest Studies in Philosophy".

A paper published in "Cosmos and History," January 2017.

"On Alien Philosophy" was first published on "Three Pound Brain", August 2015, it was later rewritten for the "Journal of Consciousness Studies", Feb 2017.









Deneb

Deneb (also named Arided, α Cygni, alpha Cygni, α Cyg) is the brightest star in the constellation of Cygnus. It, along with Vega, and Altair make up the Summer Triangle asterism.

It has an apparent magnitude of 1.25, which means that it is the 20th brightest star in the night sky. However its distance from the sun and luminosity are difficult to calculate, but it's distance is estimated to be approximately 2,600 light years away. It is thought to be between 55,000 and 196,000 times as luminous as the Sun.

Deneb is a blue supergiant that is 203 times larger than the Sun.

Deneb will be the Pole Star in the year 9800 AD.

John Francis Jackson

John Francis Jackson, DFC (23 February 1908 – 28 April 1942) was an Australian fighter ace and squadron commander of World War II. He had eight aerial victories, and led No. 75 Squadron during the Battle of Port Moresby in 1942. Born in Brisbane, he was a grazier and businessman. He had his own private plane when he joined the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) Reserve in 1936. In 1939, at the start of the war, he was called up for active service. Jackson served with No. 23 Squadron in Australia before he was posted to the Middle East in November 1940. As a fighter pilot with No. 3 Squadron he flew Gloster Gladiators, Hawker Hurricanes and P-40 Tomahawks during the North African and Syria–Lebanon campaigns.

Jackson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and Mentioned in Despatches for his actions in the Middle East. In March 1942, while serving in the South West Pacific theatre, he was promoted to squadron leader. He was in command of No. 75 Squadron at Port Moresby in Papua, operating P-40 Kittyhawks. Described as "rugged, simple" and "true as steel", Jackson, aged 34, was nicknamed "Old John" by his much younger squadron members. He was praised for his leadership during the defence of Port Moresby. He was killed in action on 28 April 1942. His younger brother Les took over No. 75 Squadron, and also became a fighter ace. Jacksons International Airport, Port Moresby, is named in John Jackson's honour.

Ōmokoroa

Omokoroa is a small urban area in the Western Bay of Plenty District of New Zealand. The suburb is thought part of Greater Tauranga (contributing towards its population of ), and is within the Bay of Plenty electorate.

Falcon 9

Falcon 9 is a two-stage rocket. It was designed and manufactured by SpaceX in the United States. Parts of the rocket can be used more than one time. The latest version of the first stage can return to Earth and be flown again many times. Both the first and second stages are powered by SpaceX Merlin engines. They use cryogenic liquid oxygen and rocket-grade kerosene (RP-1) as fuel. Its name comes from the fictional Star Wars spacecraft, the "Millennium Falcon". The 9 is for the nine engines of the rocket's first stage. There have been many versions of the rocket. These include v1.0 (2010–2013), v1.1 (2013–2016) and v1.2 Full Thrust (2015–present). It also includes the Falcon 9 Block 5 version.

It also includes the Block 5 Full Thrust version. This version has been used since May 2018. Most rockets can only be used one time. SpaceX has landed Falcon 9 boosters over a hundred times. The first stages have been used as many as eleven times.

Falcon 9 can carry of up to to low Earth orbit (LEO). If fully used, it can carry to geostationary transfer orbit (GTO). The rocket can carry to GTO when the first stage is recovered. It has a cargo size of ]145 cubic meters of volume The heaviest GTO loads carried have been Intelsat 35e () and Telstar 19V (). 

In 2008, SpaceX won a Commercial Resupply Services (CRS) contract in NASA's Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) program. They would take cargo to the International Space Station (ISS) using the Falcon 9 and Dragon capsule. The first mission under this contract launched on 8 October 2012. Falcon 9 can take NASA astronauts to the ISS. It is also certified for the National Security Space Launch program and NASA Launch Services Program as "Category 3". This means it can be used with the most expensive, important and complex NASA missions. Falcon 9 is said to be the world's most advanced space launch vehicle by many sources. As of January 2021, Falcon 9 has the most launches among all U.S. rockets that are currently being used. It is the only U.S. rocket fully certified for transporting humans to the International Space Station. It is also the only commercial rocket to take humans to orbit. On 24 January 2021, Falcon 9 set a new record for the most satellites launched by a single rocket. It carried 143 satellites into orbit.

Five rockets of the version 1.0 design were launched from June 2010 to March 2013. Version 1.1 had fifteen launches from September 2013 to January 2016. The "Full Thrust" version has been used since December 2015. There are many upgrades to this version. The latest Full Thrust variant, Block 5, was introduced in May 2018. It has more thrust, improved landing legs and other minor improvements to help recovery and reuse. The Falcon Heavy version was first flown in February 2018. It has a stronger Falcon 9 first stage as its center core. It also has two added Falcon 9 first stages used as boosters. SpaceX plans to replace Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy with the much larger Starship launch system.

In October 2005, SpaceX said it was going to launch Falcon 9 in the first half of 2007. The first launch took place in 2010.

SpaceX spent its own money to create the Falcon 1. Creating the Falcon 9 was faster because NASA helped with the cost. They also said they would buy several commercial flights. This started with money from the Commercial Orbital Transportation Services (COTS) program in 2006. The contract was a Space Act Agreement (SAA) "to develop and demonstrate commercial orbital transportation service". It included NASA paying for of three demonstration flights. The contract was US$278 million to provide development funding for Dragon, Falcon 9, and demonstration launches of Falcon 9 with Dragon. In 2011 other milestones were added, This made the total contract value US$396 million.

NASA became the main user for the vehicle in 2008. They agreed to buy 12 Commercial Resupply Services launches to the International Space Station. The money would be paid after the demonstration missions were completed successfully. The space logistics delivery contract was worth US$1.6 billion for a minimum of 12 missions to carry supplies to and from the International Space Station.

Elon Musk has said that it would have taken longer without the NASA money.SpaceX has only come this far by building upon the incredible achievements of NASA, having NASA as an anchor tenant for launch, and receiving expert advice and mentorship throughout the development process. SpaceX would like to extend a special thanks to the NASA COTS office for their continued support and guidance throughout this process. The COTS program has demonstrated the power of a true private/public partnership, and we look forward to the exciting endeavors our team will accomplish in the future.

In 2011, SpaceX saidthat Falcon 9 v1.0 costs were about US$300 million. NASA said that costs would have been US$3.6 billion if a traditional cost-plus contract approach had been used. In 2014, SpaceX released total costs for both the Falcon 9 and the Dragon capsule. NASA provided US$396 million. SpaceX provided over US$450 million.

A 2011 NASA report said that it would have cost them about US$4 billion to develop a rocket like the Falcon 9 booster. "A more commercial development" approach might have let the agency to pay only US$1.7 billion".

Congressionaltestimony by SpaceX in 2017 said that the normal NASA process of setting only a requirement and leaving the details to SpaceX let them make the Falcon 9 rocket at a muchlower cost. 

At first, SpaceX wanted to follow the Falcon 1 with a larger capacity vehicle, the Falcon 5. In 2005, SpaceX said it was working on the Falcon 9 instead. They said that they already had a government customer. The Falcon 9 was said to be able of carrying approximately to low Earth orbit. They said it would cost US$27 million per flight with a payload. It would cost US$35 million with a payload. SpaceX also said a heavy version of the Falcon 9 would have a payload capacity of about . The Falcon 9 was intended to enable launches to Low-Earth orbit (LEO), Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO), as well as both crew and cargo vehicles to the International Space Station (ISS). The rocket was not full reusable at this time. This caused the price estimates to be higher than expected.

The original NASA contract called for a demonstration flight of Falcon in September 2008. It also called for all three demonstration missions to be done by September 2009. In February 2008, the plan for the first demo flight was delayed until early 2009. According to Elon Musk, the delay was caused by how cpmplex the work was the rules for launching from Cape Canaveral.

The first test with two engines connected to the first stage was done in January 2008. Other tests led to the Falcon 9 being tested with nine engines. The engine were tested for a full mission length (178 seconds for stage one) in November 2008. In October 2009, the first stage had a successful all-engine test fire for the first time. This was done in McGregor, Texas. In November 2009, SpaceX held the first test of the second stage. This test lasted forty seconds. In January 2010, a full-duration (329 seconds) firing of the Falcon 9 second stage was held. SpaceX scheduled launch date of March 2010. 

In February 2010, SpaceX's first flight stack was set up at Space Launch Complex 40, Cape Canaveral. On 9 March 2010, SpaceX was to test-fire the first stage. The test was stopped 2 seconds before firing. This was because of a failure in the system designed to pump high-pressure helium from the launch pad into the first stage. The problem was with the pad and not with the rocket itself. All of Falcon 9's systems leading up to the abort worked as expected. Another test on 13 March 2010 was successful.

In December 2010, SpaceX was making one Falcon 9 (and Dragon spacecraft) every three months. They wanted to double the rate to one every six weeks. By September 2013, SpaceX's manufacturing space had increased to nearly . The factory had set up to make 40 rocket cores per year. The factory was making one Falcon 9 vehicle per month as of November 2013. The company wanted to increase that to 18 vehicles per year in mid-2014 and 24 per year by the end of 2014. They wanted to be making 40 rocket cores per year by the end of 2015.

These production rates were not achieved by February 2016. The company said that production rate for Falcon 9 cores had only increased to 18 per year. They also said that the number of first stage cores that can be made at one time had doubled from three to six. The rate was expected to grow to 30 cores per year by the end of 2016. Still, By August 2016, SpaceX was working towards a production capacity of 40 cores per year. 

Since 2018, SpaceX has usually reused first stages. This has reduced the need for new cores. In 2021, SpaceX had 31 F9 launches. Only two of those used new boosters. They recovered the booster on all but one flight.

The Falcon 9 is a two-stage rocket. it is powered by LOX and RP-1. Both stages have Merlin 1D rocket engines. The first stage has nine that are adapted for use at sea-level. The second stage has one that is adapted for use in a vacuum. The engines uses a pyrophoric mixture of triethylaluminum-triethylborane (TEA-TEB) to ignite the engine. The first stage engines are set in a form SpaceX calls "Octaweb." Many cores have four landing legs at the base of the Octaweb. To control the core while it falls through the atmosphere, SpaceX uses grid fins. They deploy from the vehicle after separation. The legs deploy moments before landing.
The propellant tank walls and domes are made from aluminum–lithium alloy. The second stage tank of a Falcon 9 is a shorter version of the first stage tank. This decreases the cost to make them. The connection between the two stages is a carbon-fiber and aluminum-core structure. The original stage separation system had twelve attachment points. This was which was reduced to three in the v1.1 launcher.

The Falcon 9 uses a payload fairing to protect satellites during launch. The fairing is long, in diameter, weighs approximately . It is made of a carbon fiber skin on an aluminum honeycomb core. Testing of the design was done at NASA's Plum Brook Station facility in spring 2013.

SpaceX uses multiple flight computers. This makes the system less affected by faults. Each Merlin rocket engine is controlled by three computers. Each of these computers has two processors that check each other. The software runs on Linux. It is written in C++. Each stage has its own flight computers. This is in addition to the controllers on each engine. Each engine microcontroller CPU runs on a PowerPC architecture.

The Falcon 9 rocket can lose up to two of the engines and still complete the mission. Each engine creates of thrust.

The Falcon 9 v1.0 flew five times in 2010–2013. The Falcon 9 v1.1 made its first flight in September 2013. The mission carried a very small payload, the CASSIOPE satellite. It later launched larger things. This included the SES-8 GEO communications satellite. Both Falcon 9 v1.0 and Falcon 9 v1.1 were expendable launch vehicles (ELVs). The Falcon 9 Full Thrust made its first flight in December 2015. The first stage of the Falcon 9 Full Thrust version can be used many times. The current version, known as Falcon 9 Block 5, made its first flight in May 2018.

In 2010, the price of a Falcon 9 v1.0 launch was US$49.9 to US$56 million. By 2012, the listed price range had increased to US$54–US$59.5 million. In August 2013, the price for a Falcon 9 v1.1 was US$56.5 million; it was raised to US$61.2 million by June 2014. Since May 2016, the price for a Falcon 9 Full Thrust mission (allowing booster recovery) is US$62 million. Dragon cargo missions to the ISS have an average cost of US$133 million The DSCOVR mission, for National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), cost US$97 million.

In 2004, Elon Musk said "long term plans call for development of a heavy lift product and even a super-heavy, if there is customer demand. [...] Ultimately, I believe US$500 per pound (US$1100/kg) [of payload delivered to orbit] or less is very achievable". At its 2016 price, a Falcon 9 FT launch costs just over US.

In 2011, Musk estimated that materials needed for the Falcon 9 v1.0 launch cost about US$200,000. The first stage uses of liquid oxygen and of RP-1 fuel, while the second stage uses of liquid oxygen and of RP-1.

In October 2019, data from NASA showed that the Falcon 9's "base price" of US$62 million per launch would be lowered to US$52 million for flights scheduled in 2021 and beyond.

CNBC reported in April 2020 that the United States Air Force's launches were costing US$95 million This was because of the extra security used. SpaceX executive Christopher Couluris stated that reusing rockets can bring prices even lower, that it "costs US$28 million to launch it, that's with everything".


Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)

The Distinguished Flying Cross (DFC) is the third-level military medal given to members of the United Kingdom's Royal Air Force and other services. It was also given to members of other Commonwealth countries. The medal was awarded for "an act or acts of valour, courage or devotion to duty whilst flying in active operations against the enemy".

The award was established on 3 June 1918, shortly after the formation of the Royal Air Force (RAF). It was originally awarded to RAF officers. During the Second World War, it was also awarded to Royal Artillery officers serving with the RAF as pilots and artillery observers. In 1993 the medal replaced the Distinguished Flying Medal, which had until then been awarded to other ranks. People awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross are allowed to use the post-nominal letters "DFC". A bar is added to the ribbon for holders of the DFC who received a second award.

During the First World War, about 1,100 DFCs were awarded, with 70 first bars and 3 second bars. During the Second World War, 20,354 DFCs were awarded, the most of any award, with about 1,550 first bars and 45 second bars.

Honorary awards were made on 964 occasions to people from other non-Commonwealth countries.

The decoration is a cross flory and is 2⅛ inches wide. The horizontal and bottom bars have bumps at the end, while the upper bar has a rose. The front of the medal has aeroplane propellers, placed on the vertical arms of the cross, and wings on the horizontal arms. In the centre is a laurel wreath around the RAF monogram, with a heraldic Imperial Crown on the top.

The back of the medal has the Royal Cypher in the centre and the year of issue engraved on the lower arm. The decoration is issued named.

The ribbon was originally white with purple broad horizontal stripes. This was changed in 1919 to the current white with purple broad diagonal stripes.

The decoration was designed by Edward Carter Preston.



Paterson Clarence Hughes

Paterson Clarence "Pat" Hughes, DFC (19 September 1917 – 7 September 1940) was an Australian fighter ace of World War II. He served with the Royal Air Force (RAF). During the Battle of Britain he shot down 17 enemy aircraft. This was the highest number of aircraft shot down by an Australian during the battle, and the third highest by an Australian during World War II. Hughes was killed in action on 7 September 1940.

Hughes was born in Numeralla, New South Wales. He joined the Royal Australian Air Force in 1936. After graduating as a pilot, he joined the RAF. In July 1937, he joined No. 64 Squadron, which operated Hawker Demon and, later, Bristol Blenheim fighters. Posted to No. 234 Squadron at the start of World War II, Hughes began flying Supermarine Spitfires. He shared in the squadron's first victory on 8 July 1940, when with two other Spitfires, he shot down a German Junkers Ju 88 attacking ships near Lands End. Hughes was known for attacking his targets at extremely close range. He probably died after his Spitfire was struck by parts from a German Dornier Do 17 bomber that he had just shot down near London. Hughes was able to get out of the plane, but his parachute did not open. After his death he was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross. Hughes was buried in England.


Bamboo Airways

Bamboo Airways is a Vietnamese airline. The headquarters are in Hanoi. The center of activity is from Phu Cat Airport in Qui Nhon. The company was founded in 2017. VietJet Air will begin operation in October 2018. It will have flights to most of airports in Vietnam and some international airports. On 26th March 2016, it signed a purchase order with Airbus to buy 24 Airbus A320neo, signed a purchase order with Boeing to buy 20 Boeing 787. The aircraft will be delivered from 2020.
It will mainly serve tourists to resort towns in Vietnam, where its parent company FLC Group has resorts (Ha Long, Thanh Hoa, Dong Hoi, Nha Trang, Phu Quoc).

Big Four (British railway companies)

The Big Four was a name used to describe the four largest railway companies in the United Kingdom in the period 1923–47. The name was coined by "The Railway Magazine" in its issue of February 1923: "The Big Four of the New Railway Era".

The Big Four were:


The companies were formed as a result of the Railways Act 1921, in a process known as "The Grouping" (of the railways), which came into effect on 1 January 1923.

On 1 January 1948, the companies were nationalised to form British Railways as a result of the Transport Act 1947.


London, Midland and Scottish Railway

The London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) was one of the Big Four British railway companies from 1923 to 1948. It was formed on 1 January 1923 under the Railways Act of 1921, which required the grouping of over 120 separate railways into four. The companies merged into the LMS included the London and North Western Railway, the Midland Railway, the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (which had previously merged with the London and North Western Railway on 1 January 1922), several Scottish railway companies (including the Caledonian Railway), and numerous other, smaller ventures.
For the Modern Company, see London Midland.

Electro-diesel locomotive

An Electro-diesel locomotive is an electric locomotive which also has a diesel engine. The diesel engine is used when an electricity supply from overhead lines or a third rail is not available. 

Caledonian Sleeper

Caledonian Sleeper is the collective name for overnight sleeper train services between London and Scotland, in Great Britain, Since 2015 it has been operating as its own company.

Christina Kirkman

Christina Marie Kirkman (born February 25, 1993, in Melrose, Massachusetts, USA) is an American actress and comedian. She was best known for her roles in the final two seasons of "All That".

In 2003, she entered "R U All That?: Nickelodeon's Search for the Funniest Kid in America" competition and won the highly-coveted spot as a regular performer on "All That".

As part of her audition, Kirkman was asked to do a skit in which she met Jay Leno. She had never heard of Leno because she had never stayed up late, so she said, ""Who the heck is Jay Leno?"" and instead pretended to talk to Leno's bodyguard.

When asked if she thought she was going get into the "All That" cast, Kirkman responded, "I thought I had no chance!" with a laugh.

Kirkman joined the cast of "All That" in Season 9 after Bryan Hearne left the show. She replaced Jamie Lynn Spears as the youngest cast member of "All That". She remained on "All That" until the show was canceled.

After "All That" came to an end, Kirkman returned to Massachusetts where she experienced bullying. This caused her to temporarily stop acting to focus on school. She graduated from Bishop Finwick High School. In 2015, she graduated from Emerson College in Boston, Massachusetts where she studied broadcast journalism and also participated in several different on campus productions.

After completing college, Kirkman moved back to Los Angeles to pursue acting and as of 2016, she completed filming the movie "Night Shadow".


1998 Kissimmee tornado outbreak

The 1998 Kissimmee tornado outbreak, also known as the Central Florida tornado outbreak or The Night of The Tornadoes was a deadly tornado event in Florida during the night of February 22-23, 1998 in the central part of the state, including the Orlando area. The outbreak killed 42 people and injured 260, the worst such tornado event in Florida since March 31, 1962. The first major tornado hit Winter Garden at 11:40 p.m., and the deadliest tornado struck the Kissimmee area at 12:40 a.m. before dissipating at 1:28 a.m. EST.

Short (finance)

To short an asset means to bet that the asset will lose value, or that the current price is overvalued (higher than its supposed value). If the asset in question does indeed lose value, the person who "shorted" it will win the bet, and make a profit. This can be done by borrowing assets and selling them at a higher price, returning the asset once you can buy it back at a lower price. 

For example, if you think that Tesla stock will lose 10% of its value, you could short the stock, and make a 10% profit once it goes down by 10%. However, if Tesla stock gains value, then you will lose the equivalent amount.

Richard Girnt Butler

Richard Girnt Butler (February 23, 1918 – September 8, 2004) was a white supremacist and American Christian religious leader. Butler founded the neo-Nazi Aryan Nations and would become one of the most well known and influential leaders of the American far-right.

Butler was a former member of the Silver Shirts, an American fascist organization modeled after Nazi Brownshirts and active until its suppression following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.

Butler was convicted of conspiracy by the United States Department of Justice, but was not convicted because the grand jury failed to prosecute him.

Alan Berg

Alan Harrison Berg (January 1, 1934 – June 18, 1984) was an American Jewish attorney and talk radio show host in Denver, Colorado. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. Berg was known for his mostly liberal views. His programs could be received in more than 30 states. He was lastly hired by KOA and debuted on February 23, 1981. He worked at KOA until his assassination.

On June 18, 1984, Berg was shot dead in the driveway of his Denver home by members of the white supremacist group. He was 50 years old. 


North Barrington, Illinois

North Barrington is a village in Lake County, Illinois, United States. The population was 3,171 at the 2020 census.


Waco siege

The Waco siege was the siege of a compound belonging to the Branch Davidians, carried out by American federal and Texas state law enforcement, as well as the U.S. military, between February 28 and April 19, 1993.

The Branch Davidians were led by David Koresh and were headquartered at Mount Carmel Center ranch in the community of Axtell, Texas, 13 miles (21 kilometers) east-northeast of Waco.

The incident began when the ATF attempted to raid the ranch. An intense gun battle erupted, resulting in the deaths of four government agents and six Branch Davidians. Upon the ATF's failure to raid the compound, a siege lasting 51 days was initiated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).

Eventually, the FBI launched an assault and initiated a tear gas attack in an attempt to force the Branch Davidians out of the ranch. During the attack, a fire engulfed Mount Carmel Center. In total, 76 people died, including David Koresh.

Lockport, New York

Lockport is a city in Niagara County, New York, United States. The population was 20,876 at the 2020 census. It is so named from a set of Erie Canal locks (Lock Numbers 34 and 35) within the city. Lockport is the county seat of Niagara County. It is part of the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.

George Peabody

George Peabody ( ; February 18, 1795 – November 4, 1869) was an American financier and philanthropist. He was widely thought as the father of modern philanthropy. He founded the Peabody Trust in Britain and the Peabody Institute and George Peabody Library in Baltimore.

Peabody was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal and made a Freeman of the City of London, among many other honors. He was given a funeral and temporary grave in Westminster Abbey.


Torque converter

A torque converter, or torque multiplier, is a device for multiplying torque. It is widely used in transmission systems for road and rail vehicles with internal combustion engines.

The diagram shows a hydraulic torque converter. It contains two turbines and a stator.

The driven turbine can deliver high torque at low speed. As the vehicle accelerates, the speed goes up and the torque goes down. This happens automatically, so there is no need for the driver to change gear.

Bill Hendon

William Martin Hendon (November 9, 1944 – June 20, 2018) was an American author, activist, and politician. He was born in Asheville, North Carolina. He served as a two-term Republican U.S. representative from North Carolina's 11th District.

Hendon died on June 20, 2018 under hospice carer in Forest City, North Carolina after suffering from Parkinson's disease at the age of 73.


Forest City, North Carolina

Forest City, formerly known as "Burnt Chimney," is a town in Rutherford County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 7,377 as of the 2020 census, making it the largest municipality in Rutherford County.

Frank Heart

Frank Evans Heart (May 15, 1929 – June 24, 2018) was an American computer engineer. He was born in New York City, but was raised in Yonkers, New York. Heart designed the first routing computer for the ARPANET, the predecessor to the Internet. In 2014, Heart was inducted into the Internet Hall of Fame.

Heart died of melanoma on June 24, 2018 in Lexington, Massachusetts at the age of 89.


Ljubuški

Ljubuški is a town and municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is in the West Herzegovina Canton, a unit of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.


Blockchain

A Blockchain (or block chain) is a series of digital entries, which cannot be easily changed once they are created. It is commonly used in cryptocurrency. It is how digital transactions are recorded and verified. This is done by using several concepts from cryptography, including digital signatures and hash functions. In very basic terms, a blockchain combines the following two ideas:

In most cases, a blockchain is managed by a peer-to-peer network. All peers use a common protocol that specifies how they should communicate with each other, how a new block is created and validated. Once recorded, the data in any given block cannot be changed easily any more. Changing the block means all the blocks after it need to be changed as well. Depending on the protocol, this will require a majority of the peers, or even all the peers, to agree.

Blockchains are secure by design. Blockchain technology is used where keeping a correct record is important. Use cases include medical records, identity management, food traceability, gaming and voting.

Blockchain was invented by Stuart Haber and Scott Stornetta in 1991 as a means to assure the integrity of digital records. Haber and Stornetta launched the world's first commercial blockchain; Surety in 1995.

In 2008, Satoshi Nakamoto included as references 3 and 4 of Bitcoin: A Peer to Peer Electronic Cash System, the two papers by Haber and Stornetta to serve as the public transaction ledger of the cryptocurrency bitcoin. Because of its blockchain, bitcoin became the first digital currency to solve the double-spending problem without the need of a trusted authority or central server. The bitcoin design has inspired other applications.


Supreme Court of India

The Supreme Court of India is the highest court of India under the Indian Constitution. It provides justice to people, protects the fundamental rights of citizens, decides on cases involving federal disputes and protects the Constitution of India.

Then Shall of the Mourning

Then Shall of the Mourning is an American alternative metal band formed in 1998.<br>

Fabian strategy

The Fabian strategy is a military strategy in which one side avoids the other and avoids pitched battles and frontal assaults. 

The object is to wear down the opponent by a "war of attrition" and to harass the enemy by skirmishes to weaken it, disrupt its supply and affect its morale. 

The strategy is employed by a side that believes that time is on its side, but it may also be adopted when no other strategy is possible.

Sainte-Croix-aux-Mines

Sainte-Croix-aux-Mines is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Coal mines were operating in the village until 1849.



Pattensen

Pattensen is a town in the district of Hanover, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about south of Hanover.

Pattensen is twinned with Saint-Aubin-lès-Elbeuf in France.

List of railway companies involved in the 1923 grouping

Under the Railways Act 1921 the majority of the railway companies in Great Britain (along with a few in Northern Ireland) were grouped into four main companies, often termed the Big Four. The grouping took effect from 1 January 1923.

The Big Four and their constituent companies, showing route mileage, were:

Over fifty railway companies were not covered by the grouping. These small railway companies kept their independence.

Jagjivan Ram

Jagjivan Ram (5 April 1908 – 6 July 1986), mostly known as Babuji, was an Indian independence activist and politician from Bihar. He was instrumental in starting the All-India Depressed Classes League, an organisation dedicated to attaining equality for untouchables in 1935. He was elected to Bihar Legislative Assembly in 1937 after which he organised the rural labour movement.

Andrey Dementyev

Andrey Dmitriyevich Dementyev (; July 16, 1928 in Tver – June 26, 2018 in Moscow) was a Russian and Soviet poet, a laureate of Lenin’s Young Communist League Award (1981), a USSR State Prize (1985), and Bunin Prize (2007). In October 1993, he signed the Letter of Forty-Two.

Dementyev died on June 16, 2018 in Moscow from prostate cancer, aged 89.


Grade (slope)

The grade (or gradient) of a road or railway line is a measure of its steepness. It may be expressed as a percentage or in other ways. For example, a gradient of 1% may also be expressed as 1 in 100. This means that the road rises or falls by 1 metre for every 100 metres of forward travel.

Henri Namphy

Henri Namphy (November 2, 1932 in Cap-Haïtien, Haiti – June 26, 2018) was a Haitian general and politician. He served as President of Haiti's interim ruling body, the National Council of Government, from February 7, 1986 to February 7, 1988. He served again as President of Haiti from June 20, 1988 until his deposition on September 17, 1988 in the September 1988 Haitian coup d'état.

Prosper Avril

Matthieu Prosper Avril (born December 12, 1937) is a Haitian politician. He was President of Haiti from 1988 to 1990. Avril led the September 1988 Haitian coup d'état against a transition military government installed after Jean-Claude Duvalier's 1986 overthrow.

Avril was president until March 1990. He was arrested under human rights violation in 2001, but released in March 2004 after the 2004 Haitian coup d'état overthrew Jean-Bertrand Aristide.

President of Haiti

The President of the Republic of Haiti (, ) is the head of state of Haiti. They serve as the executive power in Haiti. The power is divided between the president and the government headed by the Prime Minister of Haiti. The current acting President is Ariel Henry, who took office on July 20, 2021.

To be elected President, a candidate must:



Jovenel Moïse

Jovenel Moïse (26 June 1968 – 7 July 2021) was a Haitian politician. He served as the 42nd President of Haiti from February 2017 until his death. In 2019, political unrest and calls for his resignation became a crisis.

Moïse was shot to death at his home while sleeping in Pétion-Ville, Haiti on 7 July 2021. His wife, Martine was also shot but she survived. He was shot with 12 bullets in his chest, arms, right leg, and left hip, and had a shattered left eye.

Vladimir Andreyevich Uspensky

Vladimir A. Uspensky (Russian: Влади́мир Андре́евич Успе́нский; 27 November 1930 – 27 June 2018) was a Russian mathematician, linguist, writer, doctor of physics and mathematics (1964). He was born in Moscow. He was the author of numerous papers on mathematical logic and linguistics. In addition, he also penned a number of memoir essays. He led linguistic reform in Russian education.

Uspensky died in Moscow of heart failure on 27 June 2018, aged 87.


Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez

Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (; born October 13, 1989), also known by her initials as AOC, is an American politician and activist. She became the U.S. Representative for New York's 14th congressional district in 2019. This includes the eastern part of the Bronx and parts of north-central Queens in New York City. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Ocasio-Cortez won the Democratic Party's primary election on June 26, 2018, when she beat Democratic Caucus Chair Joe Crowley. Her victory was a surprise and many saw it as an upset victory. In November 2018, she would go on to win the general election. She beat Republican nominee Anthony Pappas.

At age 29, she became the youngest woman to become a member of the United States Congress. She is well known for her use of social media. She studied international relations and economics at Boston University. She worked for Bernie Sanders's first presidential campaign as an activist. She also worked part-time as a waitress and bartender before running for Congress in 2018.

Ocasio-Cortez is one of the first female members of the Democratic Socialists of America elected to Congress. She is a democratic socialist and a progressive. She supports Medicare for All, federal jobs guarantee, a universal basic income, and the Green New Deal. She also supports ending the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, free public college and trade school, and a 70% marginal tax rate for incomes above $10 million.

Ocasio-Cortez was born into a Catholic family in the Bronx borough of New York City on October 13, 1989. She is the daughter of Blanca Ocasio-Cortez ("née" Cortez) and Sergio Ocasio. She has a younger brother named Gabriel. Her father was born in the Bronx to a Puerto Rican family. Her mother was born in Puerto Rico. She lived with her family in an apartment in the Bronx neighborhood of Parkchester until she was five. Her family later moved to a house in suburban Yorktown Heights.

Ocasio-Cortez went to high school in Yorktown Heights. She graduated in 2007. In high school and college, she was known as "Sandy." She came in second in the Microbiology category of the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. Her microbiology research project was about the effect of antioxidants on the lifespan of the nematode "C. elegans". MIT Lincoln Laboratory named a small asteroid after her because of her science project. In high school, she took part in the National Hispanic Institute's Lorenzo de Zavala (LDZ) Youth Legislative Session. She later became the LDZ Secretary of State while she attended Boston University. Ocasio-Cortez had a John F. Lopez Fellowship.

In 2008, while Ocasio-Cortez was a sophomore at Boston University, her father died of lung cancer. After he died, Ocasio-Cortez had many legal problems to settle his estate. She has said that the experience helped her learn how attorneys are corrupt. She said that they make themselves rich while their clients, like families, were being ignored.

During college, Ocasio-Cortez was an intern for U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy. She said that she was the only Spanish speaker at the office. Ocasio-Cortez said that because of this, people would talk to her about ICE and deportations.

Ocasio-Cortez graduated "cum laude" from Boston University with a BA in 2011. She majored in international relations and economics.

After college, Ocasio-Cortez moved back to the Bronx. She began working as a bartender and waitress to help her mother pay for their home. She later created Brook Avenue Press, a publishing company that printed positive stories about the Bronx. She also worked for the National Hispanic Institute.

During the 2016 Democratic presidential primaries, Ocasio-Cortez volunteered for Bernie Sanders's first presidential campaign. After the general election, she traveled to places like Flint, Michigan, and Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota by car. She spoke to people affected by the Flint water crisis and the Dakota Access Pipeline. While in Standing Rock, she said her trip there was an important reason why she ran for Congress. Before that, she believed that the only way to run for office and win was to have money and power. In North Dakota she saw others "putting their whole lives and everything that they had on the line for the protection of their community". This was the reason for her to begin to work for her own community. One day after she visited North Dakota, she got a phone call from Brand New Congress. They were looking for progressive candidates. Her brother had nominated her soon after the 2016 election.

Ocasio-Cortez began her campaign in April 2017. At the time, she was working at Flats Fix, a taco restaurant in New York City's Union Square. Her campaign was small. She was the first person to run in the primary against Joe Crowley, the Democratic Caucus Chair. She did not have much money for the campaign. She said that candidates like here must have very new and different kinds of campaigns and cannot win just by spending more money Ocasio-Cortez's campaign did not take money from big companies or rich people. She did this because it was how Bernie Sanders's presidential campaign did it. Revolutionary posters from the past inspired her campaign posters.

Ocasio-Cortez was supported by progressive and civil rights groups such as MoveOn, Black Lives Matter, and Democracy for America, and by actress Cynthia Nixon. Governor Andrew Cuomo, both of New York's U.S. Senators, Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand, as well as New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio and Planned Parenthood supported Crowley. California Representative Ro Khanna at first supported Crowley, but later supported Ocasio-Cortez.

During her campaign, Ocasio-Cortez held town halls where people who lived in her congressional district would talk about political issues. She focused her campaign on Latino communities of her district and criticized ICE. Her campaign used digital political ads more than actual rallies and events. She would also go to many houses in her district and talk about her campaign in person.

On June 26, 2018, Ocasio-Cortez won 57.13% of the vote to Joe Crowley's 42.5%. "Time" called her victory a big surprise during the 2018 elections. CNN made a similar comment. "The New York Times" said Crowley's shocking loss was "the [biggest] loss for a Democratic incumbent in more than a decade." "The Guardian" called it "one of the biggest upsets in recent American political history." Crowley raised more money, $1.5 million, compared to Ocasio-Cortez's $83,000. Merriam-Webster said that searches for the word "socialism" went up 1,500% after she won. Crowley accepted his loss but did not call Ocasio-Cortez that night to wish her good luck. Many people thought he was going to run against her in the general election with a third party.

Bernie Sanders and Noam Chomsky wished her good luck and were happy about the results. Many people said that her victory over Crowley was like when Dave Brat, a Tea Party movement candidate, beat House Majority Leader Eric Cantor in the Republican primary in 2014. Cantor was also a longtime congressman and important Republican politician. After her primary win, Ocasio-Cortez supported many progressive candidates who decided to run against current Democratic politicians across the country.

Ocasio-Cortez won the Reform Party nomination without campaigning for it. She won it as a write-in candidate in a congressional district nearby hers. She won only nine votes. She did not accept the nomination.

Ocasio-Cortez ran against Republican nominee Anthony Pappas in the November 6 general election. Pappas is an economics professor at St. John's University. Ocasio-Cortez was supported by many progressive organizations and politicians, including former President Barack Obama and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders.

Joe Crowley stayed on the ballot, as the nominee of the Working Families Party (WFP) and the Women’s Equality Party (WEP). Neither Crowley nor the WFP party campaigned in the election. Both supported Ocasio-Cortez after her Democratic primary victory. Ocasio-Cortez said that the WEP was a centrist group that supported male politicians more than female politicians. Nixon ran against Governor Cuomo in the primary for New York Governor. Former Connecticut Senator Joe Lieberman wanted Crowley to campaign on the WFP ballot to beat Ocasio-Cortez. Dan Cantor, executive director of the WFP, asked voters not to vote for Crowley if his name was on the general election ballot.

Ocasio-Cortez won the election with 78% of the vote to Pappas' 14%. Crowley, on the WFP and WEP ballots, won 6.6% of the votes. Her election was part of a larger wave of Democratic victories in the 2018 midterm elections. The party won control of the United States House of Representatives.

"The Young Turks" (TYT) was the first media network who talked about Ocasio-Cortez and give her time to talk about her campaign. After her primary win, she quickly had media attention from everywhere in the country. A rally with Ocasio-Cortez and Bernie Sanders in Wichita had to be moved from a theater with a seating capacity of 1,500 when more people said they would go to the rally. 4,000 people went to the event, with some sitting on the floor. "The New Yorker" wrote that she had made Sanders's progressive ideas more popular to a larger group of people.

Ocasio-Cortez had little media attention until she beat incumbent Joe Crowley in the 2018 Democratic primary. Many people believed the media did a bad job on covering the election because no one paid attention to her primary campaign.

"The Young Turks" has defended Ocasio-Cortez from political critics.

She was one of the people talked about in the 2018 Michael Moore documentary "Fahrenheit 11/9".

Twitter user "AnonymousQ" tried to embarrass Ocasio-Cortez when they shared a video of her dancing during her college years. Many social media users defended her, and the video inspired memes. After the video was shared, Ocasio-Cortez posted a video of herself dancing to Edwin Starr's "War".

In 2019, Elizabeth Warren wrote about Ocasio-Cortez for that year's "Time" 100. In May 2019 the documentary "Knock Down the House" came out on Netflix. It is about four female Democrats, without political experience, running for Congress in the 2018 midterms premiered. Ocasio-Cortez was the only one of the women in the documentary to win their election.

In September 2021, Ocasio-Cortez went to the 2021 Met Gala. Ocasio-Cortez wore a long white dress with the phrase "Tax the Rich" painted in red on the back of her dress. As an elected official in New York City, she was a guest of the museum and she did not have to buy a ticket, which costs at least $35,000. Many people, both conservative and liberal, criticized Ocasio-Cortez for attending an event where guests were not required to wear masks.

In 2020, journalist Michelle Caruso-Cabrera ran against Ocasio-Cortez in the Democratic primary. After Ocasio-Cortez won the nomination, Caruso-Cabrera ran in the general election as a third-party candidate. Other people running against her is Republican John Cummings, a former police officer, and Antoine Tucker, a write-in.

Ocasio-Cortez's re-election campaign was mainly focusing on workplace organizing, fighting eviction, and organizing childcare.

On October 20, 2020, Ocasio-Cortez hosted a Twitch stream of the mobile game "Among Us", with fellow congresswoman Ilhan Omar. The stream had over 400,000 viewers.

On November 4, 2020, Ocasio-Cortez won her re-election with nearly 69% of the vote to Republican John Cummings's near 31%.

On January 3, 2019, Nancy Pelosi swore in Ocasio-Cortez. Ocasio-Cortez became the youngest woman to become a United States Representative.

She began her career with a popular social media, having more followers than all of the newly elected congress members combined. , she had 6.3 million Twitter followers, up from 1.4 million in November 2018. She passed Nancy Pelosi's number of followers. By July 2019 that had risen to almost 4.8 million, or about seven times the population of her congressional district. She had 2.2 million Instagram followers, and 500,000 followers on Facebook when she began. Some Representatives asked her to teach them social media lessons when she arrived in Congress.

In an interview Ocasio-Cortez said she had stopped using her private Facebook account and was not using all of her social media accounts as often. She believes that social media is not healthy for the public.

Ocasio-Cortez is a member a group of new progressive members of Congress called "The Squad" along with Ilhan Omar (D-MN), Ayanna Pressley (D-MA), and Rashida Tlaib (D-MI). In July 2019, President Donald Trump attacked the Squad in a tweet, saying that they should "go back and help fix" the countries they came from instead of criticizing the American government. Ocasio-Cortez replied that "the President's words [yesterday], telling four American Congresswomen of color "go back to your own country," is [the] language of white supremacists. We don't leave the things that we love, and when we love this country, what that means is that we [find] the solutions to fix it."

Trump falsely said that she called "our country and our people 'garbage'"; she had actually said that Americans should not be happy with average ideas that are "10% better from garbage." Trump also falsely claimed that she said "illegal immigrants are more American" than Americans who tried to keep them out. She actually said that "women and children on that border that are trying to [find] refuge and opportunity" in America "are acting more American" than those who tried to keep them out.

In January 2020, Ocasio-Cortez created a political action committee called Courage to Change. Courage to Change was created to help progressive candidates running for office.

In February 2021, Ocasio-Cortez helped raise money to give food, water, and shelter to Texans affected by the power crisis. She was able to raised $2million on her first day of raising money and $5million by February 21. The money went to organizations such as to state and local food banks. Ocasio-Cortez also traveled to Houston to help volunteers with recovery.

On November 5, 2021, Ocasio-Cortez was one of six House Democrats to vote against the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, because she did not support the Build Back Better Act.

In 2023, Ocasio-Cortez was among 56 Democrats to vote in favor of H.Con.Res. 21, which directed President Joe Biden to remove U.S. troops from Syria within 180 days. Ocasio-Cortez was among the 46 House Democrats who voted against final passage of the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023.

In November 2018, on the first day of congressional , Ocasio-Cortez was part of a climate change protest outside of House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi's office. Also that month, she supported Pelosi becoming Speaker of the House. She said would support Pelosi if Pelosi "remains the most progressive candidate for speaker." She also said that all the other candidates for speaker were more conservative than Pelosi was. Pelosi was elected Speaker of the House of Representatives after the Democratic Party gained the majority.

In December 2018, Ocasio-Cortez went to an event for new members of the House hosted by the John F. Kennedy School of Government. She wrote on Twitter about the effects of business interests by groups such as the American Enterprise Institute and the Center for Strategic and International Studies: "Lobbyists are here. Goldman Sachs is here. Where's labor? Activists? community leaders?"

In January 2019, when she made her first speech on the floor of Congress, C-SPAN tweeted the video. Within 12 hours, the video of her four-minute speech set the record as C-SPAN's most-watched Twitter video by a member of the House of Representatives.

Ocasio-Cortez questioned the ethic regulations that both the president and members of Congress had during a congressional hearing in February 2019. She said that no laws that stop politicians from taking money from rich business people. With more than 37.5 million views, the clip became the most-watched political video posted on Twitter.

When President Donald Trump's former lawyer Michael Cohen was at a Congressional hearing in February 2019, Ocasio-Cortez asked him if Trump rose property values for bank or insurance purposes. Cohen said that Trump may have done tax evasion and fraud in his personal and business tax returns and real-estate documents. "The New York Times" supported her because she asked specific questions for a specific answer.

According to reports in March 2019, Ocasio-Cortez continued to get media coverage early in her congressional career similar to a 2020 presidential candidate. She was called one of the best known Democratic politicians and one of the most talked-about politicians in the United States. Between July 8 and July 14, 2019, she had more social media attention than any of the Democratic presidential candidates, with news articles on Ocasio-Cortez had 4.8 million views, while no Democratic presidential candidate got more than 1.2 million.

Ocasio-Cortez has been talked about many times on Fox News, being mentioned every day from February 25 to April 7, 2019, for a total of 3,181 mentions in 42 days. CNN found that from January to July 2019, she had nearly three times as many mentions on Fox News as on CNN and MSNBC. In a CBS News poll of almost 2,100 people found that more Republicans talked about Ocasio-Cortez than Democrats. She was very unpopular among Republicans and very popular among Democrats.

In March 2019, "PolitiFact" reported that she is "one of the most targeted politicians for hoax claims, despite the fact that she just entered Congress as a freshman." Fake quotes, fake photos, and false rumors about her have spread on social media.

On July 18, 2019, Charlie Rispoli, a police officer from Gretna, posted on Facebook a threat to shoot her. He called her an "idiot" who "needs a round, and I don't mean the kind she used to serve" as a bartender. Rispoli posted the comment in response to a "fake news" article that falsely quoted Ocasio-Cortez as saying "We pay soldiers too much." Rispoli was fired for his post and his Facebook account was deleted.

On February 7, 2019, Ocasio-Cortez wrote her first piece of legislation, the Green New Deal, and sent it to the Senate. Senator Ed Markey of Massachusetts supported the deal, laying out the main ideas of a 10-year economic plan that would slowly remove fossil fuel use. The plan would create jobs and boost the economy. The first version of the Green New Deal wanted the completely stop using fossil fuels. The plan set a goal of having the United States "creating 'net-zero' greenhouse gases in 10 years." Ocasio-Cortez said that "We set a goal to get to net-zero, rather than zero emissions, in 10 years because we aren’t sure that we’ll be able to fully get rid of farting cows and airplanes that fast."

Ocasio-Cortez wanted a marginal tax as high as 70% on income above $10 million to pay for the Green New Deal. Tax experts said in "The Washington Post", that this tax would bring in more money of $720 billion every ten years. She used the Modern Monetary Theory as a reason for higher deficits to pay her agenda. She said that the Green New Deal needs a large amount of money like President Franklin D. Roosevelt's original New Deal during the Great Depression.

Not one Republican supported the Green New Deal. The plan had support from some Democratic senators, including Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders and Cory Booker. Other Democrats, such as Senator Dianne Feinstein and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi did not support it. Pelosi called it "the green dream, or whatever they call it."

On March 26, Senate Republicans called for an early vote on the Green New Deal without letting anyone talk before the vote. Senator Ed Markey said Republicans were not being serious about voting for the Green New Deal. In protest, Senate Democrats voted "present" or against the bill, resulting in a 57–0 defeat on the Senate floor. In March 2019, a group of activists, inspired by Ocasio-Cortez, in the United Kingdom wanted the Labour Party to create a similar plan, "Labour for a Green New Deal."

In May 2020, Ocasio-Cortez was picked by then-Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden to be in charge of his climate task force. Ocasio-Cortez would help Biden's campaign talk about climate change related problems and solutions.

On July 21, 2020, Republican Representatives Ted Yoho and Roger Williams had angrily yelled at Ocasio-Cortez on the steps of the Capitol. Yoho called her "disgusting" and told her, "You are out of your freaking mind". They were mad at Ocasio-Cortez after she said that poverty and unemployment were the reasons for an increase in crime in New York City during the coronavirus pandemic. Ocasio-Cortez told Yoho he was being "rude". A reporter who heard the conversation said that as Ocasio-Cortez walked away from Yoho into the Capitol, Yoho called her a "fucking bitch".

When asked about the incident, Ocasio-Cortez said, "That kind of [event] hasn't ever happened to me ever... I've never had that kind of abrupt, disgusting kind of disrespect [aimed] at me". Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy did not support Yoho's actions and House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said that Yoho should apologize publicly.

On July 22, Yoho talked about the event on the House floor and, without naming Ocasio-Cortez, said he had not addressed the "offensive name-calling words" to any congress members directly. He apologized for the conversation and said "having been married for 45 years with two daughters, I'm very [careful] of my language".

On July 23, Ocasio-Cortez responded to Yoho's comments. In a speech she criticized male privilege, sexist behavior and culture, and violent language against women. She also criticized Yoho for "hiding behind his wife and daughters" in his speech the day before.

In early August 2020, two weeks before the 2020 Democratic National Convention was to be held, people began to say that Democrats were not going to let Ocasio-Cortez speak at the convention. On August 10, the Democratic National Committee said that she would speak at the convention on the second day on August 18. The same day, she formally nominated Senator Bernie Sanders for the Democratic presidential nomination.

In November 2021, Representative Paul Gosar shared a video parody of the opening for the anime series "Attack on Titan" on social media. He had edited with the faces of Ocasio-Cortez, Joe Biden, and himself on the show's characters, showing Gosar attacking them with swords and killing Ocasio-Cortez. Speaker Nancy Pelosi wanted the U.S. House to investigate it as a threat. Pelosi said that the video is "a danger that it represents to everyone in the country".

When Republican House members did not want to criticize Gosar or the video, Ocasio-Cortez said that she believed the video was "part of a pattern that normalizes violence". She gave a six-minute floor speech, saying, "This is not about me. This is not about Representative Gosar. This is about what we're willing to accept". The House voted to censure Gosar, in doing so it became the first time the House censured a Representative since 2010.


Ocasio-Cortez is a member of the Democratic Socialists of America and supports the democratic socialist name of the group as part of her political beliefs. In an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press", she said that democratic socialism is a "part of what I am. It's not all of what I am. And I think that that's a very important [difference]." During an interview on PBS, she was asked if democratic socialism would to end capitalism, and she answered: "we are marching towards progress on this issue. I do think that we are going to see a [change] in our economic system of an [unknown level], and it's hard to say what direction that that takes."
Ocasio-Cortez supports progressive policies such as single-payer Medicare for All, tuition-free public college and trade school, a federal job guarantee which would make sure states would hire unemployed workers, the cancellation of all $1.6 trillion student debt, supporting family leave, ending U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and private prisons, creating safer gun-control policies, and energy policy that would use 100% renewable energy. She told Anderson Cooper that she supports policies like those in United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, and Sweden.

Ocasio-Cortez supported Bernie Sanders in the 2020 presidential election and appeared with him at campaign rallies. In January 2020, she and director Michael Moore replaced Sanders at a rally at the University of Iowa while he was at the Senate's impeachment trial of President Donald Trump.

Ocasio-Cortez wants more environmental politicians in Congress. She called climate change "the single biggest national security threat" for the United States and the world". With the United Nations saying that the effects of climate change cannot be fixed until carbon emissions are slowed down in the next 12 years. She said that the younger generation would suffer from the effects of climate change.

Ocasio-Cortez supports ending the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency. She compared the agency to the Patriot Act and to a paramilitary-like agency. In June 2018, she said she would support ending the agency and she would rather "create a pathway to citizenship for more immigrants through decriminalization." She later said that this does not mean ending all deportations. Two days before the primary election, she went to a protest at an ICE child-detention center in Tornillo, Texas. She was the only Democrat to vote against H.R. 648, a bill to fund and reopen the government, because it would give more federal money to ICE.

Ocasio-Cortez supports moving to a single-payer health care system. She said that medical care is a human right. In September 2019, she created an anti-poverty policy proposal that would make the cost of childcare, health care, and "new necessities" like Internet access when measuring poverty. The proposal would stop rent prices going higher and create better ways for people with convictions and immigrants to have social welfare programs.

Ocasio-Cortez is a supporter of LGBTQ rights and equality. She has said she supports the LGBTQ community and thanked its members for their role in her campaign. In January 2019, she gave a speech in support of laws needed to keep LGBTQ rights in jobs and everywhere in the country. She also supports transgender rights and said that "trans rights are civil rights".

Ocasio-Cortez has been supportive of Puerto Rico. Ocasio-Cortez did not approve of the Federal Emergency Management Agency's response to Hurricane Maria. She believes the federal government should pay more attention to Puerto Rico.

The MIT Lincoln Laboratory named the asteroid 23238 Ocasio-Cortez after her when she was a senior in high school because she finished in second-place in the 2007 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. She was named the 2017 National Hispanic Institute Person of the Year by Ernesto Nieto. In 2019, She received the Adelle Foley Award. She was named as one of the 2019 BBC 100 Women.

After the death of Ocasio-Cortez's father in 2008, her mother and grandmother moved to Florida because of money problems. She still has family in Puerto Rico, where her grandfather was living in a nursing home before he died during Hurricane Maria.

Ocasio-Cortez talked about her Catholic faith and why it is important for her life and her campaign for criminal justice reform in an article she wrote for "America". At a December 2018 Hanukkah celebration in New York, she said that she has Jewish ancestry, although she does not practice Judaism.

During the 2018 election campaign, Ocasio-Cortez lived in Parkchester, Bronx, with her boyfriend, web developer Riley Roberts. In April 2022, Ocasio-Cortez became engaged to Roberts.

In 2019, Ocasio-Cortez was named as one of the 2019 BBC 100 Women.

In 2020, Ocasio-Cortez was a guest judge on an episode of "RuPaul's Drag Race".

In February 2021, Ocasio-Cortez revealed that she is a sexual assault survivor while responding to how she felt during the 2021 storming of the United States Capitol. That same year in May, Ocasio-Cortez said that she has been in psychotherapy because of the events of the United States Capitol. She said she "did not know if I was going to make it to the end of that day alive".

In March 2021, Ocasio-Cortez was name one of the least wealthy members of the Congress, with a net worth of $30,000.


Cambrian Railways

The Cambrian Railways owned of track over a large area of mid-Wales. The system was made from a number of earlier railways. The Cambrian connected with two of the larger railways to give connections to England. These were:

The Cambrian Railways amalgamated with the Great Western Railway on 1 January 1922 as a result of the Railways Act 1921. The name is continued today in the route known as the Cambrian Line.

London and North Western Railway

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) was a British railway company between 1846 and 1922. In the late 19th century the LNWR was the largest joint stock company in the world. The LNWR was formed in 1846 by a merger of the Grand Junction Railway, the London & Birmingham Railway and the Manchester & Birmingham Railway. The London terminus was at Euston railway station

In 1923, the LNWR became a part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) under the Railways Act 1921. In 1948, it became the London Midland Region of British Railways. The LNWR may be seen as an ancestor of today's West Coast Main Line.

David Berkowitz

David Richard Berkowitz (born Richard David Falco; June 1, 1953), known also as the Son of Sam and the .44 Caliber Killer, is an American serial killer. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Berkowitz pleaded guilty to eight separate shooting attacks that began in New York City during the summer of 1976. The crimes were done with a .44 caliber Bulldog revolver. He killed six people and wounded nine others by July 1977. On the night of August 10, 1977, Berkowitz was taken into custody by New York City police homicide detectives in front of his Yonkers apartment building.

Berkowitz has been incarcerated since his arrest and is serving six consecutive life sentences.

The Spike Lee drama "Summer of Sam" was released in 1999 with actor Michael Badalucco in the role of Son of Sam.<ref>/ref> 


Gary Ridgway

Gary Leon Ridgway (born February 18, 1949), also known as the Green River Killer, is an American serial killer. He was convicted of 48 separate murders. As part of his plea bargain, an additional conviction was added, bringing the total number of convictions to 49, making him the most prolific serial killer in United States history according to confirmed murders. He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Ridgway murdered many women and girls in the state of Washington during the 1980s and 1990s. He would mainly kill runaways or prostitutes and would strangle his victims.

On November 30, 2001, as Ridgway was leaving the Kenworth truck factory where he worked in Renton, Washington, he was arrested for the murders of four women whose cases were linked to him through DNA evidence.


Donn Moomaw

Donn Moomaw (born October 15, 1931) is an American football player and Presbyterian minister. He was born in Santa Ana, California. In the 1950s, he plated for Toronto Argonauts and for Ottawa Rough Riders. In 1953, he was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams.

Moomaw played for UCLA as the center and linebacker for the team. He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1973.

Moomaw later became a Presbyterian minister, most notably serving Los Angeles' Bel Air Presbyterian Church as pastor from 1964 to 1993. He became friends with California Governor Ronald Reagan and wife Nancy. Moomaw later gave the invocation and benediction at Reagan's 1981 presidential inauguration and 1985 presidential inauguration. 

Bruce Davison

Bruce Davison (born June 28, 1946) is an American actor and director. Davison is well known for his starring roles in the horror movie "Willard" (1971), "Longtime Companion" (1989) and in the X-Men movie franchise – through "X-Men" (2000) and "X2" (2003) as Senator Robert Kelly.

Davison won a Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Longtime Companion".

Daniel Pilon

Daniel Pilon (November 13, 1940 – June 26, 2018) was a Canadian-born actor. He was known for his role in "Dallas" as Naldo Marchetta. Pilon was born in Montreal, Quebec. 

In addition to "Dallas", he has appeared in daytime soap operas such as "Ryan's Hope", "Guiding Light" and "Days of Our Lives". He also starred as Donn Moomaw in "The Reagans" and as Senator Rutledge in "Shoot 'Em Up".

Pilon was also considered for the role of James Bond twice, in 1968 and in 1984.

Pilon died on June 26, 2018 from cancer at a Montreal hospital at the age of 77.

Fountain Hill, Arkansas

Fountain Hill is a town in Ashley County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 108 at the 2020 census. Fountain Hill is located at (33.355421, -91.851173).

Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location

Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location, or simply Sister Location, is a survival horror video game created by Scott Cawthon. It is the fifth installment of the main series of the game franchise "Five Nights at Freddy's". The game was released on October 7, 2016. Throughout the game, the player interacts with a new cast of animatronic characters, central to which is an animatronic named Circus Baby.

In addition, "Sister Location" is the first core game in the series to feature professional voice acting and an original soundtrack.

The game received mixed to positive reviews from critics, praising the voice acting, soundtrack, and humor, while criticizing its plot inconsistencies and still-departure from the previous titles' gameplay.

Abbas Alizada

Abbas Alizada known as Bruce Lee of Afghanistan is an amateur athlete in Kung-fu and Wushu in Afghanistan.
Alizada became the favorite of the social networking sites of Afghanistan, due to apparent similarity to Bruce Lee. 

FNaF World

FNaF World is an indie based role-playing game (RPG) produced by Scott Cawthon. It was a spin-off of the popular horror video game series, 'Five Nights at Freddy's'. "FNaF World" was released on January 21, 2016 for Microsoft Windows and first announced on the gaming website/software Steam on September 15, 2015. The game was taken off of Steam because Scott Cawthon was not happy with the negative reviews and ratings it had received, although the game wasn't necessarily hated. It was republished to the Steam Store after being updated, and it is still available today as a free-to-play title.

Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria Simulator

Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria Simulator is a point-and-click survival horror video game created by Scott Cawthon. It is the sixth official main installment of the "Five Nights at Freddy's" game series. The game was released on December 4, 2017 for free on Steam and Gamejolt.

"Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria Simulator" received mostly positive reviews. GameCrate called it the "best value in gaming right now". 

Scott Cawthon

Scott Braden Cawthon (born June 4, 1978) is an American video game designer, developer, animator, and writer. He is best known as the creator of the "Five Nights at Freddy's" game franchise which began in 2014.

Cawthon has also created other games, such as "Chipper & Son's Lumber Co.", "The Desolate Hope", and "There is No Pause Button!," as well as Christian-based animations such as "A Christmas Journey" and "The Pilgrim's Progress". He used Autodesk 3ds Max, Autodesk Maya, and Clickteam Fusion 2.5 to develop "Five Nights at Freddy's" and most of his other games.

In 2015, Cawthon released his first novel, "". On June 24, 2016, Cawthon announced that he had made a 3-book deal with Scholastic and that the first book ("The Silver Eyes") would be re-printed on paperback in October that year, with the second and third being released in 2017 and 2018.

Cawthon will be producing a "Five Nights at Freddy’s" movie with Blumhouse Productions. being his last project in the community of "Five Nights at Freddy’s".

Midland Railway

The Midland Railway (MR) was a railway company in the United Kingdom from 1844 to 1922. It had a large network of lines managed from its headquarters in Derby. It became the third-largest railway undertaking in the British Isles after the Great Western Railway and the London and North Western Railway.

The company was formed in 1844 by the merger of the Midland Counties Railway, the North Midland Railway, and the Birmingham & Derby Junction Railway. The Birmingham & Gloucester Railway joined two years later. The earlier systems met at Derby railway station. The MR established its locomotive works, and later its carriage and wagon works, at Derby.

In 1923, the MR became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway under the Railways Act 1921.

Salado, Texas

Salado ( ) is a village in Bell County, Texas, United States. The population of the village was 2,394 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Killeen–Temple Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Killeen, Texas

Killeen is a city in Bell County, Texas, United States. According to the 2020 census, its population was 153,095, making it the 19th-most populous city in Texas. 

Temple, Texas

Temple is a city in Bell County, Texas, United States. As of 2020 the city has a population of 82,073 according to the US census. It is near the county seat of Belton, Texas. It is located off Interstate 35, Temple is north of Austin and south of Waco.

Belton, Texas

Belton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas, within the Killeen-Temple metropolitan area. The city is on the Interstate 35 corridor between Austin and Waco. It is the seat of Bell County.

The population was 23,054 at the 2020 census. As of 2020 the metro region had a population of 475,367.

Clio, Alabama

Clio is a city in Barbour County, Alabama, United States. The population was 1,220 at the 2020 census.

It is the birthplace of former Governor George C. Wallace.

Great Northern Railway (Great Britain)

The Great Northern Railway (GNR) was a British railway company established in 1846. The main line ran from London King's Cross station via Hitchin, Peterborough, and Grantham, to York. There was a loop line from Peterborough to Bawtry (south of Doncaster) via Boston and Lincoln. There were also branch lines to Sheffield and Wakefield. On 1 January 1923 the company became a part of the London and North Eastern Railway. Today, the GNR main line forms part of the East Coast Main Line.

North Eastern Railway (UK)

The North Eastern Railway (NER) was a British railway company. It was incorporated in 1854 by the combination of several existing railway companies. In 1923, it was merged with other railways to form the London and North Eastern Railway under the Railways Act 1921. The NER main line survives today as part of the East Coast Main Line between London and Edinburgh.

George Steiner

Francis George Steiner, FBA (April 23, 1929 – February 3, 2020) was a French-born American literary critic, essayist, philosopher, novelist, and educator. He wrote about the relationship between language, literature and society, and the impact of the Holocaust.

Steiner died on February 3, 2020 at his home in Cambridge at the age of 90.


The Turk

The Turk, also known as the Mechanical Turk or Automaton Chess Player was a trick chess-playing machine. First put on show in 1770, the machine was in use until it was destroyed in a fire in 1854. It was later found to be a hoax. It was built in 1770 by Wolfgang von Kempelen to impress the Empress Maria Theresa of Austria. The machine could play chess against a human. It could also perform the knight's tour, a puzzle where a player moves a knight to every square of a chessboard exactly once.

The Turk was not a real machine, but a mechanical illusion. There was a person inside the machine working the controls. With a skilled chess player hidden inside the box, the Turk won most of the games. It played and won games against many people including Napoleon Bonaparte and Benjamin Franklin. The chess players who secretly worked inside the box included Johann Allgaier, Hyacinthe Henri Boncourt, Aaron Alexandre, William Lewis, Jacques Mouret, and William Schlumberger.

The machine had a life-sized model of a human head and body, placed next to a large wooden box. The model was dressed in Ottoman robes and wore a turban. Its left arm held a long smoking pipe. The large box was about three-and-a-half feet (110 cm) long, two feet (60 cm) wide, and two-and-a-half feet (75 cm) high. On the top of the box was a chessboard, about 18 inches square. The front of the box had three doors, an opening, and a drawer. Inside the drawer was a red and white ivory chess set.

The inside of the box was very complicated. It was meant to trick those who looked into it. When the left front doors were opened you could see clockwork gears and cogs. If the back doors of the box were open at the same time you could see through the machine. The other side of the box contained a red cushion and some removable parts. This area also gave a clear view through the machine. Under the robes of the Turk were two more doors. When these were opened you could also see the clockwork parts with a view right through the machine. The design allowed the presenter of the machine to open every door to the public, to keep the illusion.

However the clockwork parts on the left side and the drawer did not go back as far as the back of the box. They only went one third of the way. This gave room for a sliding seat, so the person inside was able to slide from place to place. This meant they were not seen when the doors were opened. Moving the seat caused fake machinery to slide into its place to further hide the person inside the box.

The chessboard on the top of the box was thin. This allowed for a magnetic linkage. Each piece in the chess set had a small, strong magnet joined to its base. When placed on the board the pieces would attract a magnet attached to a string under their places on the board. The person inside the machine could see which pieces moved where on the chess board. The bottom of the chessboard was also numbered, 1–64, allowing the person to see which places on the board were affected by a player's move. The magnets were placed so that they were not affected by any magnets outside the box. Kempelen would let people from the audience put a large magnet next to the board to show that the machine was not influenced by magnetism.

To distract the audience, the Turk came with a small wooden box. This would be put on the top of the box. Kempelen would look into into the small box during play, suggesting that it controlled the machine. The box was believed by some to have magic powers.

Inside the box was a chess board connected to a series of levers. These controlled the model's left arm and could move it around the chess board. The arm could be moved up and down, and turning the lever would open and close the Turk's hand. This let it pick up the chess pieces on the board. The machinery made a clockwork-type sound when the Turk made a move, further adding to the machinery illusion. The levers also made the Turk make various facial expressions. A voice box was added later, allowing the machine to say "Échec!" (French for "check") during matches.

The person inside and the presenter on the outside could send messages to each other. There were two brass discs with numbers on the inside and outside of the box. The discs could be turned to a number which acted as a code between the two.

The first display of the Turk was in 1770 at Schönbrunn Palace. Kempelen showed everyone what he had built. He opened the doors and drawers of the cabinet, so the audience could look into the machine. It was then ready for a game.

The Turk would use the white pieces and have the first move. Between moves its left arm sat on a cushion. The Turk could nod twice if it threatened the other player's queen, and three times upon placing the king in check. If the other player made an illegal move, the Turk would shake its head, move the piece back. The first person to play against the Turk was Count Ludwig von Cobenzl, an Austrian courtier at the palace. He was quickly defeated.

Another part of the show was the knight's tour, a famed chess puzzle. The puzzle requires the player to move a knight around a chessboard, touching each square once along the way. While most experienced chess players of the time still struggled with the puzzle, the Turk was able to make the moves easily. The person inside had a map of moves needed.

The Turk could also communicate with the audience using a letter board. It was able to do this in English, French, and German. Carl Friedrich Hindenburg, a university mathematician, wrote down the conversations during the Turk's time in Leipzig and published it in 1789 as "Über den Schachspieler des Herrn von Kempelen und dessen Nachbildung" (or "On the Chessplayer of Mr. von Kempelen And Its Replica"). Questions included the Turk's age, marital status, and its secret workings.

Interest in the machine grew across Europe. Kempelen, however, was more interested in his other projects and did not want to show the Turk. He would tell people it was not working.  After the performances at the Schönbrunn Palace the Turk only played Sir Robert Murray Keith, a Scottish noble. Kempelen took the machine to pieces after the match. Kempelen said the machine was a "mere bagatelle". He was not pleased with its popularity and would rather continue his work on steam engines and machines that could speak.

In 1781, Kempelen was ordered by Emperor Joseph II to rebuild the Turk and take it to Vienna for a state visit from Grand Duke Paul of Russia. This was so successful that Grand Duke Paul suggested a tour of Europe for the Turk. Kempelen reluctantly agreed.

The tour began in 1783, beginning in France. In Paris,  the Turk lost a match to Charles Godefroy de La Tour d'Auvergne, the Duc de Bouillon. People wanted the Turk to play a game with François-André Danican Philidor, the best chess player of his time. Philidor won, but it was "his most fatiguing game of chess ever!" The Turk's final game in Paris was against Benjamin Franklin, the United State's ambassador to France. Franklin enjoyed the game with the Turk and kept a copy of Philip Thicknesse's book "The Speaking Figure and the Automaton Chess Player, Exposed and Detected" in his personal library.

After Paris, Kempelen moved the Turk to London, where it was on show every day at a cost of five shillings. Thicknesse, a skeptic, tried to explain that the machine was just a trick. He said Kempelen was "a very ingenious man", but the Turk was an elaborate hoax. He thought there was a small child inside the machine. The Turk was "a complicated piece of clockwork ... which is nothing more, than one, of many other ingenious devices, to misguide and delude the observers".

After a year in London, Kempelen and the Turk went to Leipzig, Dresden, and Amsterdam. After that the machine was probably stored at the Schönbrunn Palace for 20 years. Kempelen did try to sell it before his death. He died at the age of 70 on 26 March 1804.

In 1805 Kempelen's son sold the machine to Johann Nepomuk Mälzel, a Bavarian musician interested in machines and devices. Mälzel had designed a type of metronome. He had tried to purchase the Turk before Kempelen's death but the price was too high. Mälzel had to learn how the machine worked and make some repairs. He wanted to make the Turk a greater challenge. 

In 1809, Napoleon I of France arrived at Schönbrunn Palace to play the Turk. Before the game, the Turk, with Johann Baptist Allgaier hidden inside, saluted Napoleon. In a surprise move, Napoleon took the first turn instead of allowing the Turk to make the first move. When Napoleon attempted an illegal move, the Turk put the piece back in its original spot and continued the game. After a second illegal move the Turk took the piece from the board. When Napoleon tried a third illegal move the Turk swept its arm across, knocking all the pieces off the board. Napoleon was amused, and then played a real game with the machine. After 19 moves Napoleon pushed over his king to show that he knew he could not win, and was giving up. 

In 1811, Mälzel took the Turk to Milan to show Eugène de Beauharnais, the Prince of Venice and Viceroy of Italy. Beauharnais liked it so much, that he bought the Turk for 30,000 francs – three times what Mälzel had paid – and kept it for four years. In 1815, Mälzel went to Beauharnais in Munich and bought the Turk back. 

Mälzel took the Turk back to Paris where he made friends of many of the leading chess players at Café de la Régence. In 1818 he moved to London and held a number of performances with the Turk and many of his other machines. He added a voice box so the machine could say "Échec!" when placing a player in check.

In 1826, Mälzel took the machine to New York City. Mälzel had problems finding people to operate the machine.  He ended up bringing William Schlumberger, from Alsace in Europe to come to America and work for him once again. Mälzel had to provide the money for Schlumberger's transport.

In Boston, Mälzel told a story that the New York chess players could not handle full games and that the Boston players were much better. This was a success for many weeks, and the tour moved to Philadelphia for three months. In Baltimore, it lost a match against Charles Carroll, a signer of the Declaration of Independence. Two American brothers built their own machine, the Walker Chess-player. Mälzel tried to buy it, but they would not sell it. This second machine toured for a number of years, but was never as famous as the Turk.

Between 1828, Mälzel visited Europe, returning to the States in 1829. In the 1830s, went as far west as the Mississippi River and visiting Canada. In Richmond, Virginia, Edgar Allan Poe, wrote about the Turk for the "Southern Literary Messenger". Poe's essay "Maelzel's Chess Player" was published in April 1836 and is the most famous essay on the Turk.

Mälzel took the Turk on his second tour to Havana, Cuba. In Cuba, Schlumberger died of yellow fever, leaving Mälzel without an operator. Mälzel died at sea in 1838 at the age of 66 during his return trip, leaving his machine with the ship captain.

The Turk was given to a friend of Mälzel's, the businessman John Ohl. He tried to sell it at auction but ended up buying it himself for $400. John Kearsley Mitchell, Edgar Allan Poe's doctor, bought the Turk from Ohl. Mitchell formed a club to fix it, completing the rebuilding in 1840.

Mitchell and his club gave the machine to the Chinese Museum of Charles Willson Peale. After a few shows it was put into a corner and forgotten. On 5 July 1854, a fire that started at the National Theater in Philadelphia reached the Museum and destroyed the Turk. Mitchell believed he had heard "through the struggling flames ... the last words of our departed friend, the sternly whispered, oft repeated syllables, 'echec! echec!!'

John Gaughan, an American in Los Angeles who made items for magicians, spent $120,000 building a copy of Kempelen's machine over a five-year period from 1984. The new machine used the Turk's chessboard, which was saved from the fire. Gaughan's Turk was displayed in November 1989 at a history of magic conference. This time, the Turk played against a computer running a chess program.

Most books and articles written during the Turk's life about how it worked were incorrect. 

It was not until Dr. Silas Mitchell's series of articles for "The Chess Monthly" that the secret was fully revealed. Mitchell, son of the final owner of the Turk, wrote that "no secret was ever kept as the Turk's has been. Guessed at, in part, many times, no one of the several explanations ... ever solved this amusing puzzle". As the Turk had been destroyed, Silas Mitchell felt that there were "no longer any reasons for concealing from the amateurs of chess, the solution to this ancient enigma".

New interest began in the Turk when IBM created Deep Blue. This was a computer that could challenge the world's best players. The Turk was used as a personification of Deep Blue in the 2003 documentary "Game Over: Kasparov and the Machine".

The Turk inspired a number of inventions and copies. These included the Ajeeb, or "The Egyptian", built by Charles Hopper that President Grover Cleveland played in 1885; and Mephisto, the self-described "most famous" machine, of which little is known. The Walkers made the "American Chess Player" first shown in May 1827 in New York. El Ajedrecista was built in 1912 by Leonardo Torres y Quevedo and first shown at the Paris World Fair of 1914. It was the first true chess-playing automaton, and a precursor of sorts to Deep Blue.

Other people were inspired by the Turk. The Rev. Edmund Cartwright saw it in London in 1784. He later wrote "it is more difficult to construct a machine that shall weave than one which shall make all the variety of moves required in that complicated game". Cartwright would later invent the power loom. Sir Charles Wheatstone, an inventor, saw the Turk while it was owned by Mälzel. Mälzel later showed his speaking machines to the researcher and his teenage son. Alexander Graham Bell read a copy of a book by Wolfgang von Kempelen on speaking machines after seeing a similar machine built by Wheatstone. Bell went on to invent the telephone.

A play, "The Automaton Chess Player", was performed in New York City in 1845. The play used a copy of the Turk made by J. Walker, who had earlier built the Walker Chess-player.

Raymond Bernard's silent movie, "The Chess Player" ("The Chess Player", France 1927), uses the story of the Turk in an adventure tale set during the Partitions of Poland in 1772. A Polish nationalist escaping from the  Russians, also happens to be an expert chess player. He is hidden inside a chess playing automaton called the Turk. Just as he is about to escape over the border, the machine is taken to Saint Petersburg for the empress Catherine II. Copying the Napoleon incident, Catherine attempts to cheat the Turk, who sweeps all the pieces from the board.

The Turk has been used novels and stories: 

In 2005, Amazon.com launched the Amazon Mechanical Turk. The program is designed to have humans perform tasks with which computers struggle, such as color comparisons.

Naagin

Nagin may refer to:


Wolfgang von Kempelen

Wolfgang von Kempelen (; 23 January 1734 – 26 March 1804) was a Hungarian author and inventor. He is known for his chess-playing "automaton" hoax, The Turk, and for his speaking machine.

Von Kempelen was born in Pressburg, part of the Kingdom of Hungary. He was the last child of Engelbert Kempelen (1680–1761), and Anna Theresa Spindler. 

He studied law and philosophy in Pressburg, and attended the Academy in Győr, Vienna and Rome. He was interested in mathematics and physics. He spoke German, Hungarian, Latin, French, Italian. Later, during his travels he learned English and Romanian. His first job was in 1755 as a clerk in the Hungarian Court Chamber in Pozsony. Later he became a secretary (1757), a Councillor of the Court Chamber (1764), Director of Salt Mining (1765), Second Commissioner of the Constitutional Commission for the Region of Banat (1769), and finally Imperial-Royal Court Councillor (1787). He also helped move the University of Nagyszombat to Buda Castle, and looked after the building of the Court Theatre in Buda's old Carmelite monastery.

He married twice, first in 1757 to Maria Franziska Piani, who died in 1758, and again in 1762 to Maria Anna von Gobelius. Five children were born from his second marriage, of whom two survived into adulthood: Maria Theresia (1768–1812) and Karl (1771–1822).

Von Kempelen was most famous for his construction of The Turk, a chess-playing automaton presented to Maria Theresa of Austria in 1769. The machine had a life-sized model of a human head and body, dressed in Turkish robes and wearing a turban. It was seated behind a large wooden box on with a chessboard on the top. The machine could play a game of chess against a human opponent. But it was a trick. There was a person, a skilled chess player, hidden inside the box. The Turk was a really a puppet, worked from below by levers. The Turk won most of the games played during its shows around Europe and the Americas for nearly 84 years. It played and defeated many people including Napoleon Bonaparte and Benjamin Franklin.

Kempelen also built a speaking machine. One of them can still be seen in the Musical Instruments section of the Deutsches Museum in Munich. In 1789, he published a book of his 20 years of speech research, "Mechanismus Der Menschlichen Sprache Nebst Beschreibung Seiner Sprechenden Maschine".

He also built steam-engines, waterpumps, a pontoon bridge in Pressburg (1770), patented a steam turbine for mills (1788/89) and a typewriter for the blind Viennese pianist Maria Theresia von Paradis (1779), and built a theatre house in Buda opened on 25 October 1790 (now Budapest) and the famous fountains at Schönbrunn in Vienna (1780). He was also an artist, wrote poems and epigrams, and composed a "singspiel", "Andromeda and Perseus", performed in Vienna.

He retired in 1798, after 43 years of service to the Austrian Empire. In 1771, Maria Theresia gave von Kempelen an annual pension of 1,000 ducats. After her death, her son Joseph II cut the pensions given to the court's civil servants. In 1802, he tried to get his pension back from Francis II, and also asked for compensation of 20,000 Gulden, but was not granted.

At the time of his death in 1804, he owned a country estate in Gomba near Pozsony, but died in his apartment in Alser, a suburb of Vienna.

The Wolfgang von Kempelen Computing Science History Prize was named in his honor, as was a high school in Budapest.




Meadowbank Stadium

Meadowbank Stadium (Meadowbank Sports Centre) is a multi-purpose sports facility in Edinburgh, Scotland. It was originally built to host the 1970 Commonwealth Games. It also hosted the Games in 1986, the first venue to host the Games twice.

The stadium is the home ground of Scottish Football League team Meadowbank Thistle. The Meadowbank complex also hosts Leith Athletic, who play on the Meadowbank artificial pitch next to the main stadium. Meadowbank Stadium was also used for rugby union as the home venue of Edinburgh Rugby between 2002 and 2004.

As of 2017, the stadium is being redeveloped.

Knight's tour

A knight's tour is a set of moves of a knight on a chessboard. The knight visits every square only once. If the knight ends on a square that is one knight's move from the beginning square (so that it could tour the board again immediately, following the same path), the tour is "closed", otherwise it is "open".

The knight's tour problem is the mathematical problem of finding a knight's tour. Making a program to find a knight's tour is a common problem given to computer science students. Variations of the knight's tour problem involve chessboards of different sizes than the usual , as well as irregular (non-rectangular) boards.

Derby railway station

Derby railway station, also known as Derby Midland, is a main line station serving the city of Derby in England. It is owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Trains. The station is also used by CrossCountry services and one daily Northern service.

It lies north of London St Pancras. It is situated to the south-east of Derby city centre, and is close to the west bank of the River Derwent.

Northern (train operating company)

Northern, was the trading name of Arriva Rail North. It was a train operating company in Northern England. It was a subsidiary of Arriva UK Trains. It operated the Northern franchise from 1 April 2016 to February 2020 and inherited trains from the previous operator Northern Rail.

Great Central Railway

The Great Central Railway (GCR) of England was created in 1897 when the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway changed its name. In 1899, the GCR opened its London Extension to a new terminus at Marylebone station.

On 1 January 1923, the company became part of the London and North Eastern Railway under the Railways Act 1921.

London and South Western Railway

The London and South Western Railway (LSWR) was a railway company in England from 1838 to 1922. It started as the London and Southampton Railway from Waterloo station to Southampton. 
Later, the network extended to Plymouth via Salisbury and Exeter. There were branches to Ilfracombe and Padstow. Beyond Southampton there were branches to Bournemouth and Weymouth. The LSWR also had many routes connecting towns in Hampshire and Berkshire, including Portsmouth and Reading. 

In the grouping of railways in 1923 the LSWR joined with other railways to create the Southern Railway.

Epitaph

An epitaph is a short text honouring a deceased person. Strictly speaking, it is text that is carved on a tombstone or plaque. Usually it gives the person’s name and dates of birth and death. Some epitaphs say what the person did, and other things. Some people write their own epitaphs before they die.


